In Exclusive Interview , the Former Alabama Governor Requests Readers Contact House Judiciary Committee to Demand Accountability for the Subversion of Justice ...
Steve Heller Byon 7/9/2008 , 8:24 pm PT
Guest Blogged by Steve Heller of VelvetRevolution.us
The torment and imprisonment of former Alabama governor Don Siegelman , allegedly via the hands of Karl Rove and his political hitmen operatives , has been extensively covered by The BRAD BLOG .
Over the weekend , Velvet Revolution.us ( co- founded by The BRAD BLOG ) sat down with him for an exclusive video - taped interview in Alabama .
The entire interview will be posted soon , but we have posted two excerpts on YouTube .
Both are embedded below .
Siegelman wants you to let Congress know that Rove must face the consequences of his actions .
So do we .
Rove has been subpoenaed to testify before Congress tomorrow , July 10th , regarding the politicization of the Justice Department .
The House Judiciary Committee wants to question Rove about his knowledge of the persecution prosecution of former Alabama Democratic Gov. Don Siegelman and the U.S. Attorney firing scandal .
But Rove 's attorney , Robert Luskin , has informed the Judiciary Committee that Rove will not attend the hearing .
Luskin has offered to make Rove available to the committee behind closed doors and not under oath .
Luskin also insists that there be no transcript of the questioning and that Rove would not respond to written questions from the panel .
The Judiciary Committee has rejected that so - called " compromise . "
We join Siegelman 's request , as stated in his interview , in asking you to please contact the House Judiciary Committee and your House Representative to politely but firmly insist that they hold Karl Rove in contempt of Congress .
You can call the House Judiciary Committee at 202-225-3951 and you can email them via this page .
You can call your House Rep. at 202-224-3121 .
More contact info for your specific Representative can be found here .
As Siegelman notes about Rove during the VR interview , in the first posted excerpt ( seen at right ) ...
This is a guy who has told Congress that he will not show up under subpoena unless he is not sworn to tell the truth , unless he has the questions in advance , and unless he is assured that nobody is writing down his answers .
Now does that sound like somebody who 's prepared to tell the truth ?
...
We wo n't know the truth until Congress digs it out , and that 's why it is so incredibly important that anybody that reads your blog or listens to it or watches it gets on the phone , gets on their computer , or writes Congress and tells them to hold Karl Rove in contempt if he does not show up to testify on July 10th .
...
[ H]e needs to be held in contempt , needs to be arrested , needs to be brought in and made to sit before Congress and answer questions .
In the second excerpt ( video at right , below ) , Siegelman goes on to point out that only Congress currently holds the power to reveal the truth about what went on in this sordid affair ...
The American people deserve to know the truth .
The American people deserve to know who was involved in perverting our democracy and subverting our Constitution .
The American people deserve to know who hijacked the Department of Justice and used it as a political tool to retain or gain power .
The only place that the American people can turn to restore justice in this country and to preserve our democracy is the United States Congress .
We have to ask Congress to find the truth and to hold those people accountable who are responsible for these perversions of justice .
As Judiciary Committee member Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz ( D - FL ) said last month , " We really cannot allow the co-equal branch of government , the legislative branch , to be trampled upon by the executive branch . "
Her Judiciary colleague Linda Sanchez ( D - CA ) echoed : " We really need to set our foot down and show there are consequences to people who laugh in the face of Congressional subpoenas " .
Amen to that .
Let 's hope Congress really does use what is known in the vernacular as a " spine . "
Again , please contact your House Representative and the House Judiciary Committee and demand they hold Karl Rove in contempt of Congress for failing to comply with the subpoena .
If he does .
Which he will .
MiamiHerald.com
By MOHAMED OSMAN
An Al Jazeera cameraman released from the U.S. - run GuantÃ¡namo Bay detention center last week described it Monday as the worst prison mankind has ever seen .
Sami al Hajj , a Sudanese citizen , was whisked from his hospital bed in a convoy escorted by police cars with flashing lights and wailing sirens to an outdoor event in his neighborhood organized by his family .
His speech was broadcast live on Sudanese television .
” After 2,340 days spent in the most heinous prison mankind has ever known , we are honored to be here .
Thank you , and thank all those defended us and of our right in freedom , ” he told the cheering crowd .
Hajj was the only journalist from a major international news organization held at GuantÃ¡namo and many of his supporters saw his detention as punishment for an Arabic television channel whose broadcasts angered U.S. officials .
The Pentagon and Bush administration defends the detention center as a humane , legal war - on - terror necessity .
The U.S. military charged he was a courier for a militant Muslim organization , an allegation his lawyers denied .
Hajj said he believed he was arrested because of U.S. hostility toward Al Jazeera and because the media was reporting on U.S. rights violations in Afghanistan .
” I was subjected to 130 [ interrogation ] sessions , more than 35 about Al Jazeera , and they wanted me to be a spy against Al Jazeera , ” he said .
He said that as a faithful Muslim , he rejected the offer .
Hajj , who arrived in Khartoum early Friday aboard a U.S. military plane , thanked the Sudanese people and their warm reception , which he said had made him “ forget the long bitter years that we spent in humiliation , injustice and subjugation and oppression . ”
Before Monday ’s outdoor welcome ceremony , Hajj received visitors in his hospital room , including dozens of senior Sudanese officials who wished him a speedy recovery .
Though able to walk a short distance at the event in his neighborhood , Hajj was still weak after a 16 - month hunger strike at GuantÃ¡namo .
His attorney , Zachary Katznelson , who met with Hajj at the U.S. base April 11 , said he was emaciated by the hunger strike .
He said Hajj had been having problems with his liver and kidneys and had blood in his urine .
Hajj was never prosecuted so the U.S did not make public its full allegations against him .
But in a hearing that classified the cameraman as an enemy combatant , U.S. officials alleged that in the 1990s , Hajj was an executive assistant at a Qatar - based beverage company that provided support to Muslim fighters in Bosnia and Chechnya .
Two other Sudanese detainees at GuantÃ¡namo were released with Hajj .
( Source )
Brad Friedman Byon
7/12/2008 , 2:28 pm PT
Blogged by Brad from the road ...
A study conducted by a researcher in France has uncovered that polling locations which use electronic voting machines exhibit a higher number of discrepancies than those using conventional paper ballots .
Unsurprising to those who have followed the problems plaguing e-voting since its introduction , the revelation has fueled renewed calls for greater scrutiny of electronic voting technology in France .
The study was conducted at over 21,000 polling stations by comparing electoral registers , which voters sign after voting , with the total vote counts from machines and paper ballots in several elections .
Discrepancies were found at almost 30 percent of polling stations that use electronic machines and only at about 5 percent of those using paper ballots .
More at ars technica ...
The findings of the French study are hardly surprising to those of us who have n't been ignoring the exact same problems for years here in the U.S. .
The difference , of course , will likely come in the way that France --- like other European countries , and decidedly unlike the U.S. --- responds to the findings ...
In Ireland , several years back , the country was set to go entirely electronic , until problems were discovered in the new e-voting systems and they were immediately and permanently warehoused and taken out of use even though thousands of them had already been purchased by the state .
Earlier this year , in the Netherlands , e-voting was met with the same swift response once the failures were discovered .
In the U.S. , on the other hand , similar findings --- and far more of them --- of the same e-voting failures have meant little , other than they should be lied about by most election officials , all e-voting companies , and then proliferated virtually everywhere in the nation .
Elections in the Autumn of 2008 will be determined via electronic voting machines which do n't work .
By and large Republicans do n't care , and / or prefer machines that do n't work .
Democrats remain in a state of near - complete denial about them .
I 'm delighted to continue taking a few more days off from the nightmare .
I should be back on top of things at some point next week .
Though , frankly , I 'm in no rush .
This fall is likely going to be a nightmare , so I continue to get a few days ' breather wherever / whenever I can right now .
Hope you all understand , and I continue to thank the good Jon Ponder of Pensito Review , and the other Guest Bloggers here for jumping in so smartly in my " absense . "
( Hat - tip to VR's Steve Heller . )
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Chinese security forces sealed off parts of Lhasa on Saturday and Tibet ’s government - in - exile said it was investigating reports of fresh protests , weeks after the city was shaken by an anti-government riot .
The reports coincided with a visit by a group of diplomats , who were led on a closely guarded tour of the city that has been at the heart of unrest throughout China ’s ethnic Tibetan regions just months before the opening of the Beijing Olympics .
“ We do n’t know how many people , but it seems it ’s quite a lot of people , ” Tenzin Taklha , a spokesman for the Dalai Lama said of the events in Lhasa .
“ I think it ’s timed with the visit of the diplomats . ”
The London - based International Campaign for Tibet said it had heard from three sources that security forces had surrounded Lhasa ’s main temples , Jokhang and Ramoche .
“ The whole area has been shut down , ” said the group ’s spokeswoman , Kate Saunders .
“ I do n’t know what form the protest took .
I think people in Lhasa may have been aware of the diplomats ’ visit , just as they were aware of the journalists ’ visit , ” she said .
Earlier this week , the government took select foreign media to Lhasa to highlight the wreckage and give the impression that the city was returning to normal , but the plan backfired when about 30 monks at Jokhang stormed an official news briefing .
The monks complained about a lack of religious freedom and voiced support for the Dalai Lama , the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhism who lives in exile and who China accuses of masterminding the unrest .
The trouble in the remote , mountain region that China ’s Communist troops entered in 1950 began with a series of peaceful , monk - led protests that culminated in a riot in Lhasa on March 14 .
Protests have since hit other Tibetan areas of China .
COMPENSATION
On Saturday , China offered to pay compensation to the families of the 18 civilians it says died in the Lhasa violence .
The Dalai Lama ’s representatives , which deny he is orchestrating the demonstrations , say the death toll is closer to 140 .
The government does not permit free access to the areas , making the reports difficult to check .
Chinese media has portrayed the violence on March 14 as a riot by a Tibetan mob beating up innocent people , many of them ethnic Chinese .
Their families would each receive 200,000 yuan ( $ 28,530 ) , a notice from Tibet ’s regional government said .
“ Measures are to be taken to help people repair their homes and shops damaged in the unrest or to build new ones , ” the state - run Xinhua news agency quoted it as saying .
Pressure also grew from abroad for China to respect human rights in its response to the unrest , with U.S. President George W. Bush calling on Chinese leaders to talk to representatives of the Dalai Lama .
The rash of anti-Chinese protests , and China ’s response , have become a focus of global concern months before the Olympics .
Beijing hopes the Games that start in August will be a chance to showcase the world ’s fourth biggest economy .
Since the unrest , China has been on a propaganda offensive , attacking foreign media for biased reporting , quoting Buddhist clergy condemning the riots and highlighting the material gains the ruling Communist Party has brought to Tibet .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
At a news conference in Delhi on Saturday , the Dalai Lama accused Beijing of pumping out propaganda that exaggerated Tibetan violence while playing down the harshness of the Chinese reaction .
“ Some respected , neutral people should go ( to Tibet ) , investigate thoroughly with complete freedom , ” he said .
ACCESS
China offered diplomats from a dozen countries a closely monitored 21 - hour tour of Lhasa , a Western embassy representative said .
Two countries declined the invitation .
A U.S. diplomat on the tour urged the Chinese government to grant the media and foreign envoys more access to Tibet .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
“ The trip was heavily scheduled , and neither the U.S. nor other participants were able to deviate from the official itinerary , ” the embassy said in a statement .
Bush urged China to exercise restraint and the Chinese government , led by President and Communist Party chief Hu Jintao , to meet the Dalai Lama ’ representatives .
European Union foreign ministers also urged China on Saturday to hold a dialogue on Tibetan cultural and religious rights .
But they avoided linking the issue to the Olympics after public differences over whether to boycott the opening ceremony .
China has said it is open to discussions as long as the Dalai Lama stops supporting Tibet and Taiwan independence , and ends his support for the protests and anti-Olympics activities .
The Nobel Peace Prize - winning monk says he only wants greater autonomy for Tibet within China .
Underscoring U.S. concerns , the first senior U.S. official scheduled to meet Chinese leaders since the protests erupted this month , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , will raise Tibet in Beijing next week , a treasury official said .
On Sunday , the Olympic flame will be handed to Chinese Games organizers in Athens , and Tibetan exiles have vowed to stage protests .
Activists disrupted the torch - lighting ceremony earlier this week .
The torch is due to arrive in Beijing on Monday .
( $ 1 = 7.011 yuan )
先日、ぼや～っとテンプレートエンジンについて考えていたところ、世の中にテンプレートエンジンは多数あるが、その表現にはあまり差異がないのでは？
なんて疑問がわいて来ました。
そこで、ちょっと…どころじゃなく時間をかけて調査。
とはいっても、何の表現に視点を当てるかはハッキリとさせる必要があります。
そこでテンプレートエンジンの表現で基本となるものをざっと考えてみました。
まず一つ目は値の出力だろう。が、これは大体、$hogeだの${hoge}だの%hogeだの{hoge}、<%= hoge %>、< quabbin: value - of value= " hoge " />といったパターンばかりで、まぁあまり差異がないでしょう。
… いや、結構あるか … 。
おいといて 。
そもそもテンプレートエンジンとはMVCで言うviewを担当するものなわけで、つまりテンプレートエンジンにおいて重要なのは表示系を要求どおり構築できるかというもの。
そのために、誰にとって・どのようにすれば分かりやすいかと言うのは、それぞれの思想が現れるところなるのではないでしょうか。
このうち 、 「 誰にとって 」 は「どのように」に内包されるのではないかと仮定し、その「どのように」は条件分岐と繰返し表現の二要素に集約されるのではないかと考え(根拠は薄弱ですが)、調べてみる事としました。
以下、注意書き 。
・ここで扱 う 「
テンプレートエンジン」としているものは、例えばVelocityのような一般的にテンプレートエンジンと呼ばれるもののみでなく、ASPやJSPのようなものも扱います。
・ SQLの出力用とかの、HTMLがターゲットに無いエンジンは扱いません。
・ JavadocなどのドキュメントHTML生成ツールのようなものも扱いません。
・ま だPyPI、PEAR、RubyForgeは調査し切れてません。いつか追加調査したいと考えています。
・表現だけ急いで調査をしたため、間違いが含まれているかもしれません。見つけた場合はコメントにて指摘を願います。
ASP に似ている方式
ifやforeachのといった制御構文の周りに開始記述・終了記述があり、各々記号一つか二つで表現されているタイプ。
要するに
< % if ( test ) { %>
show somthing
<% } %>
とか
{- if ( test ) -}
show somthing
{- end -}
または
[ if ( test ) ]
show somthing
[ end ]
のような表現方法のもの。
・ JSP ( Java )
・ ASP ( ActiveScript )
・ PHP ( PHP )
・eRuby ( Ruby )
・ Simpley ( PHP )
・ ClearSilver ( C )
・ Template Toolkit( Perl )
・ MuMu( PHP )
・ Savant ( PHP )
・ AvanTemplate ( PHP )
・ Brian Lozier ’s php based template engine ( PHP )
・ BTE ( Better Templates for Everyone ) ( Java )
・ Jamon ( Java )
・ Tea( Java )
・ Jxp ( JavaScript )
・ Canvas ( Groovy )
・ FryPHP ( PHP )
・ Tenjin( Ruby / Python / Perl / PHP /JavaScript )
・ Yapter ( PHP )
・ Heyes Template Class ( PHP )
・ Jinja( Python )
・ Django ( Python )
・ PEAR ::HTML_Template_Flexy ( PHP )
・ SimpleT ( PHP )
・ Vemplator ( PHP )
・ Genshi( Python )
・cstemplate ( Ruby )
・ pagetemplate ( Ruby )
・xtemplate ( Ruby )
・rote( Ruby )
・ webgen ( Ruby )
・blogtari( Ruby )
・erubis( Ruby )
・tmplc( Ruby )
XML namespace
制御構文の開始・終了がxml namespaceを用いているタイプ。つまり
< quabbin : if test= " ... " >
show something
</quabbin:if >
とか
< div quabbin : if =" test ... " >
show something
</div >
といった表現方法のもの。
・ XSL ( XML )
・ Tag Libraries ( Java )
・ JSF ( Java )
・ ASP.NET ( .NET )
・ Cocoon ( Java )
・ Tapestry ( Java )
・patTemplate ( PHP )
・ facelets ( Java )
・ Nirvana ( Java ) # 開発中止？
・ Struts ( Java )
・ Shale ( Java )
・ Wicket ( Java )
・ Kid( Python )
・ Nevow ( Python )
・ SimpleTAL ( Python )
・bTemplate ( PHP )
・ Mayaa ( Java )
・ WACT ( PHP )
・ PHPTAL ( PHP )
・ JBYTE ( Java )
・ SiteMesh ( Java )
・ LSP ( Java )
・ IKAT ( Java )
・ Asp.NET HTML Template Engine( .NET )
・ Evolve MasterPages ( .NET )
・web.template( PHP )
・ Bleetz ( PHP )
・misen ( Ruby )
・ Radius ( Ruby )
・ GSP ( Groovy )
・ XSP ( Cocoon ) ( Java )
・ JXTemplate ( Cocoon ) ( Java )
・ Commons Jexl
コメントタ グ
制御構文の開始・終了をHTMLのコメント表現に埋め込まれているタイプ。
<!-- QUABBIN IF -->
show something
<!-- END IF --->
といった表現方法のもの。
・ Sifter ( PHP / Perl / Ruby )
・ OO Template Class ( PHP )
・ PEAR ::HTML_Template_IT( PHP )
・ Grafx Software ’s Fast Template [ 参考 ] ( PHP )
・ TemplatePower Layout Solution ( PHP )
・ PHP Class for Parsing Dreamweaver templates ( PHP )
・ MiniTemplator ( Template Engine ) ( Java / PHP/VB/VBA )
・ JDynamiTe ( Java )
・ Jtpl ( Java )
・ XTemplate ( PHP )
・ SSTP ( Server - Side Template Parser ) ( PHP )
・ecTemplate ( PHP )
・ Qtpl ( PHP )
・ Virtual Template ( PHP )
・ QuickTemplate ( PHP )
・ FastTemplate ( PHP )
・ siki-template ( Ruby ) # ドキュメントなし。コードから…ちゃんと読めてるだろうか…
独自エレメン ト
独自のエレメント定義またはそれに近い形式になっているタイプ。
< QUABBIN_IF >
show something
</ QUABBIN_IF >
とか
# QUABBIN_IF #
show something
#/QUABBIN_IF #
といった表現方法のもの。(前者と後者では思想に大きな隔たりがあるけど、ここでは無視)
・ FreeMarker ( Perl )
・ HTML ::Template ( Perl )
・ STP Simple Template Parser ( PHP )
・ ETS - easy template system ( PHP )
・vlibTemplate ( PHP )
・ TagTemplate ( PHP )
・htmltmpl : templating engine ( PHP / Python )
・ FreeMarker ( Java )
・ Dynamator ( Java / ASP / PHP / XML )
・ Bluprints ( Java ) # どちらかというとページフローエンジン？
・ Open Power Template ( PHP )
・ Template Lite ( PHP )
・ phemplate ( PHP )
・ SledgeHammer ( PHP )
・ PHPService ( PHP )
・canny ( Ruby )
・ Smarty ( PHP )
独自アトリビュー ト
アトリビュートに独自の形式を持たせてある物。例えば
< div quabbin_if= " test " > show something </div >
といった表現方法のもの。
・ Tempura( Ruby )
・htree( Ruby )
ID アトリビュー ト
IDアトリビュートを利用して、コントローラからビューを制御しているもの。例えば
< div id =" hoge " ></div >
としておき、コントローラで
hash = Hash.new
hash [ " hoge " ] = " show something "
call_template( hash )
のような事をやって組み立てる形式。
・ Amrita( Ruby )
・kwartz( Ruby )
・cerise ( Ruby )
・ Kahua( Scheme )
Wiki文法
・ deplate ( Ruby )
DSL
元の言語に対して文法拡張をしたタイプ。DOMのような操作。
・ markaby ( Ruby )
・ RubyWaves ( Ruby )
・ Lift ( Scala )
独自定義
上記に当てはまらない独特な制御構文を持っているもの。例えば
#quabbin if test
show something
#quabbin end
といった表現方法、その他例外的な表現方法のもの。
・ Velocity ( Java )
・ NVelocity ( . NET )
・ Cheetah ( Python )
・ Mako ( Python )
・ Simple Template ( JavaScript )
・ CodeIgniter Template class ( PHP )
・ PEAR ::HTML_Template_Xipe[ 旧SimpleTemplate ] ( PHP ) # 詳細ドキュメントな し
・ TinyButStrong ( PHP )
・ StringTemplate ( Java / C# / Python )
・ WebMacro ( Java )
・ YATS ( PHP )
・ Templeet ( PHP )
・ HAML ( Ruby )
・html -template ( Ruby )
・ruby - template ( Ruby )
・rednails ( Ruby )
・kashmir( Ruby )
・nukumi2 ( Ruby )
・rubyjournal ( Ruby )
・ruwiki( Ruby )
・ Amrita2 ( Ruby )
コントローラ任せ( テンプレート結合型 )
テンプレートには置換ポインタのみ表現し、コントローラで内容を記述もしくは内容となるテンプレートを設定する方法。
・ Text : : SimpleTemplate ( PHP )
・ DTemplate ( PHP )
・ Layout Solution ( PHP )
・ Cached Fast Template ( PHP )
・ EnzymeTemplates ( PHP )
・ CGI :: FastTemplate ( Perl )
コントローラ任せ( 出力可否 )
テンプレートは置換ポインタのみの表現で、表示可否や繰り返し表現は、コントローラ側で文字列を作成して対応させる方式。
・ VarPage ( 旧ShellPage ) [ 参考 ] ( PHP ) # 開発終了 ？
・ EasyTemplatePHP ( PHP ) # 開発終了？ 詳しい資料無し。archive.orgに残ってた内容から推察
・ VOOT ( Vanilla Object Oriented Templates ) ( PHP )
判定不能
入手困難かつ解説が見あたらないため、判断ができないもの
( 以下のリンクは404なところが多く含まれています)
・ Simple Turtle PHP Template ( PHP ) # 開発終了 ？
・ Netro[参考 ] ( . NET ) # 開発終了 ？
・html-tmpl-tools ( Ruby ) # 開発終了？
・ mortar ( Ruby ) # 開発終了 ？
・efl ( Ruby ) # ソースコードを解読するのが難しい…
・ gemsite ( Ruby ) # OCaml方面で活動してい るRyan Tarpine ( この人？ ) の作らしいけど、無かったことになっているのだろうか、コードすら入手できない状態
・nora( Ruby ) # 開発終了 ？
・radical ( Ruby ) # 開発終了 ？
・rweb ( Ruby ) # 開発終了 ？
・ strongtyping ( Ruby ) # 開発終了 ？
=============================================================================
調査をしている中で、やはりこの条件分岐に対する考え方というのはそれぞれのテンプレートエンジンで特徴があり、またWEBに対するそれぞれ独自な考察の結果が強く表現されているように感じました。
また、多くはフレームワークではなくライブラリとして実装されており、フレームワークになるまでの重厚さを持った実装はなかなか難しいのだと実感させられました。
詳しい考察はまた後日 。
参 考1 : ≫ Top 25 PHP template engines :
参 考2 : Programming Resources , News and Ideas : 60 + template engines for JAVA , PHP and .NET :
参 考3 : RAA
多謝 : 数え切れないほど多くのblog、サイト
追記 2008-06-29
shimashimaさんの指摘を受けて、Cocoonで利用するテンプレートを個別技術ごとに分けました。shimashimaさん、ありがとうございました。
Oil prices tumbled for the third straight day Thursday , taking the cost of crude below $ 130 a barrel for the first time in six weeks and signaling a possible end to a bull run that seemed intent on hitting $ 150 this summer .
Although no one would rule out an abrupt reversal like those that followed other dips in recent months , several oil analysts suggested that oil prices could continue to slide .
“ The psychology is changing , ” said Michael Lynch , president of Strategic Energy & Economic Research , a Winchester , Mass . - based consulting firm .
“ What we ’re seeing right now is people starting to think that the weak economy is going to start overriding concerns about supply . ”
Consumption of gasoline and many other oil byproducts has subsided , putting inventories at unusually high levels for the middle of the U.S. driving season .
That is now overriding worries about the worldwide tightness in oil supplies , new problems with Nigerian crude production and a host of geopolitical wild cards , Lynch and others said .
Advertisement
Some , however , warned that oil ’s slide was at least partly triggered by a wave of selling on the last day of trading for the August futures contract .
They also noted that a hurricane or new bellicose talk between the U.S. and Iran could shove economic worries to the back burner and reignite oil ’s climb .
Light , sweet crude for August delivery fell $ 5.31 , or 4 % , to $ 129.29 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Thursday ’s close put the price of crude 12 % lower -- or nearly $ 18 less -- than last week ’s record high of $ 147.27 a barrel and the lowest since June 5 .
The downward dash also hit other energy futures , such as natural gas , which fell more than 7 % after a government report showed a larger - than - expected increase in U.S. inventories .
Oil stocks , which have generated hefty returns during the crude price surge , also tumbled Thursday , with an index of 13 major energy stocks falling about 1 % .
“ You are seeing the end of the rally , ” said David Kirsch , a manager at PFC Energy in New York .
“ I think you ’re going to see a major correction .
. . .
If your pension fund was long in oil , you ’re going to have to work a couple more years . ”
Advertisement
The fall in oil prices helped propel the stock market to its second straight gain .
The Dow rose 207.38 points , or 1.9 % , to 11,446.66 .
The Standard & Poor ’s 500 index gained 14.96 points , or 1.2 % to 1,260.32 .
The Nasdaq composite index rose 27.45 points , or 1.2 % , to 2,312.30 .
The rally was led once again by battered financial shares , which jumped on better - than - expected second - quarter earnings from JPMorgan Chase & Co .
Its shares rose almost 14 % .
A closely followed bank - stock index jumped more than 9 % .
JPMorgan ’s results came a day after Wells Fargo & Co. also reported better - than - expected results for the three months that ended June 30 , raising hope that the credit crunch might not hurt Wall Street as much as feared .
However , the enthusiasm was tempered after the close of trading , when Merrill Lynch & Co. reported a larger - than - expected loss of almost $ 4.7 billion .
It had to write off almost $ 10 billion because of the housing crisis and credit crunch , more than even Wall Street pessimists had expected .
Advertisement
After rising nearly 10 % in the day , Merrill ’s stock fell as much as 7 % in after - hours trading .
The stock market could continue to rise in the near term , but it will face stiff head winds from investors selling into rallies .
“ I think we go higher , but it ’s going to be very hard going , ” said John Bollinger , head of Bollinger Capital Management in Manhattan Beach .
“ Every bit of that climb up , people are going to be saying , ‘ Oh , my God , I ’m almost whole .
Let me get out now . ’ ”
--
Advertisement
elizabeth.douglass@latimes.com
walter.hamilton@latimes.com
Violet Affleck Starts Nursery School , Ben and Jen Anxious ( Photos )
is the two - and - a - half year old daughter of actorsand .
The youngster was enrolled in preschool on Monday , June 16th , by her parents , who attended an orientation session before leaving their daughter in the care of the First Presbyterian Nursery School in Los Angeles .
We 've got photos of the couple getting into their car and we see dad exiting the school , still wearing the Hello I'm Ben sticker on his chest .
Undoubtedly , the parents gathered in a circle on little chairs to hear about the curriculum .
This looks like a normal neighborhood preschool and not an exclusive private facility for the offspring of Hollywood 's rich and famous .
There does n't seem to be anything elitist about the couple and that makes this family decision a no brainer .
The photo above shows Violet smiling broadly , mom and dad - not so much .
A child 's first nursery school experience can be an anxious time for parents , who are n't used to entrusting their toddler 's care to strangers .
Violet seems like an outgoing child and probably did n't give the new experience a second thought .
Check out more photos below .
Photos : WENN
First several misunderstandings are discussed in § 1 .
Then in § 2 the model will be presented .
It will be useful for the understanding of the description of the phenomenological data described in § 3,4 .
In §3 mystical and other experiences are described that are obtained during the path of mental purification .
In §4 the account of this training will be continued , but no longer focused on existentialist experiences .
It turns out that there is something better than mysticism : freedom .
Finally in §5 a program is sketched for scientific verification of the reported phenomena and other statements .
The model is based on experience obtained during several intensive vipassana meditation retreats ( more than 90 days over a period of 7 years , after several preparatory years of so called concentration meditation ) .
The motivation for such a training is twofold .
First of all , the purpose of the training is inner calm and freedom , in themselves of enough value .
Secondly , part of the training consists of an introspective study of consciousness .
Thereby one obtains insight in the functioning of the mind , complementary to information obtained in disciplines such as neurophysiology and cognitive science .
Introduction
This paper is an elaboration of a lecture given at the University of Delft ( October 2 , 1992 ) for the symposium Over grenzen ( On boundaries ) ; a preliminary version ( in Dutch ) is in Vlug [ 1993 ] .
A model will be presented for the human mind in which mysticism plays a clear role .
Moreover , the model discusses also the cause of human suffering and desire and our possible liberation from it .
This paper continues the description of experiences obtained during the practice of intensive vipassana meditation .
Moreover , based on these experiences a model is presented for one particular aspect of the human mind : the mechanism of desire , suffering , mysticism and mental purification .
The model makes very clear the goal of the meditation training and explains well the phenomena described in the Buddhist literature .
Besides that the model is claimed to be useful for the understanding of several psychosomatic phenomena .
Most human beings use the external method for their happiness .
The method of internal control is important for the purification of our consciousness .
However , when the path is completed , there is no difference between the two methods anymore .
Both will be seen as tiresome manipulations .
Moreover , in that state of buddhahood there will be no longer need for either form of control .
Also this almost paradoxical aspect will be explained by the model in the next section .
The method to perform this change in our consciousness is called the path of purification .
Perhaps this path does not appeal to you ; perhaps it does .
In any case , the information obtained this way is important for the understanding of the human mind .
Applied science allows us to make our surroundings more pleasant to live in .
This is in accordance with the first method of external control .
However , as mentioned before , control has its limits ( scientific , political , ecological and financial ) .
Therefore it is good to know also another method to solve our suffering .
This consists of an internal modification of our consciousness in such a way that the situation in which we are is no longer perceived as unpleasant .
In order to do so an essential change in the way our mind functions is necessary .
What kind of change this is will become clear by the model of our mind given in the next section .
In the same way most people are involved in controlling their circumstances in order to have happiness .
Because our capacity to control has its natural limitations , in this way there will always be resulting suffering .
Later we see that there is a better way .
The possibility of insight in the functioning of our mind and the resulting spin off towards the lessening and eventually stopping of our suffering is the main basis for the existence of Buddhism .
These will be explained by a model in § 2 .
Internal - external
This pair of opposites can be approached also by the words subject - object .
The following is meant .
Suppose we are in an unpleasant situation .
Then there are essentially two different ways to try to do something about the resulting suffering : 1 . to change the situation itself ( external ) ; 2 . to change our consciousness of that situation , so that it is no longer perceived as unpleasant ( internal ) .
Unfortunately it is the case that the public opinion and therefore also the politicians see the capacity to control as the main motivation to do science .
Therefore science has to be defended by short term successes in its applications .
The aim to obtain insight thereby becomes somewhat neglected .
With this understanding we may obtain considerable control of the situation around and inside us .
This results in the second motivation for science .
We want to be able to control things .
And indeed we are reasonably able to do this as a spin - off from our obtained insight .
We can go to the moon ; we can program a bacteria to produce human insulin .
These are impressive examples .
The difference between the quest for control or insight can also be seen in the motivations to do science .
Originally science is motivated by our strong curiosity , which is the quest for insight .
We want to understand the phenomena around us .
Now what exactly is insight , understanding ?
An absolute answer why things behave the way they do can not be given .
This is known already by children that have discovered that after every answer given to them they can ask again ` Why ? '.
Insight consists of a simplification of the situation .
It consists of knowledge about parts of the situation from which properties of the situation itself can be derived .
This was already discussed when we dealt with reductionism .
We understand how and why the planets make a loop - shaped movement between the fixed stars .
We understand what is the chemical basis of heredity .
Proper opposites
In the discussion about spirituality it is good to emphasize two genuine opposites : control - insight and internal - external .
Control - insight
This pair of opposites indicates two fundamentally different attitudes towards life .
Very often we want to control circumstances in and around us .
This is for good reasons : these circumstances determine our well - being , our degree of happiness .
However , once we have enough to eat and live relatively comfortable , our desire to control may expand and makes us want things that are beyond our capacity .
This results in suffering , because there will be things that we want that are outside our reach .
Insight on the other hand also gives us pleasure but one that is more permanent .
For the pleasure of eating a cake we must pay by not having it any more .
The pleasure of understanding the theorem of Pythagoras will remain inside us and can be revived as soon as we care to think about it .
Having a free will means that we can make a decision based on a considerations involving among other things our thinking and feeling .
Being determined means that those considerations follow a fixed path .
But the only way to know the outcome of those considerations and thereby of that decision is to live and go through the process .
The outcome is of interest because even if it was determined , it was unknown before .
Compare this to a computer that calculates the number pi in 10 6 digits .
The digits are determined before the computation starts , but nevertheless the computation has to be done .
The reader may feel uneasy about this .
That is so for good reasons .
The fact that we may have a free will and are at the same time completely determined is related to a fundamental characteristic of our existence : we are selfless .
We have no absolute control over what happens in our mind .
Says Saint Augustine :
If my mind orders my body to do something , then my body obeys so well , that one can hardly distinguish between the order and its execution .
If , however , my mind orders my mind to do something , then it does not listen , even if it is the same mind .
Why this monstrous phenomenon and for what purpose ?
Schopenhauer says something related :
We are able to want to do something , but we cannot [ force ourselves to ] want to want something .
Still one may object .
In some views on a human free will - e.g. the one propagated in Christianity - there is an ( eternal ) soul that independently makes decisions .
In this sense the second chess computer does not have a free will , since its behavior is exactly determined by the position on the board and by its past experience .
But a really independent soul that makes decisions that are not based on anything is in fact being haphazard , is a random generator .
This is not what is meant by free will - even in Christianity .
According to this religion one should base one 's actions on the dictates of one 's conscience ( taking into account the circumstances ) .
Doing this , however , our behavior is comparable with that of a chess computer of the second kind , albeit that we are much more refined .
The following example may be useful .
Imagine we have a chess computer , a cheap one that always uses the same strategy .
Now if playing against it we win a game , then we always can win by repeating our successful strategy .
It is clear that this machine is deterministic and does not have a free will .
Now imagine that we have a more expensive chess computer , one that learns from its mistakes .
After winning from it in a game , we cannot win again with our previous strategy .
The machine will remember that it is not good to repeat its moves .
We can state that this second machine has a rudimentary form of a free will : it reacts differently under similar circumstances .
But since the machine is programmed its behavior is deterministic .
So determinism and free will are compatible .
The matter is , however , much more simple .
In the philosophical struggle in which one tries to choose between determinism or free will it is assumed that the two are mutually exclusive .
This is not correct .
The reader may try to give a careful argument that determinism implies that there is no free will ; this attempt will be in vain .
The reason is that determinism means not only that things are completely determined but also that this is so by a cause , by nature .
Well , we are part of nature and therefore our presence and our behavior is of genuine influence on the course of things .
One has invented many ingenious arguments to try to give a solution .
Quantum mechanics seemed to be reassuring .
Nature is apparently not deterministic , according to some interpretations of this theory , and thereby the human dignity is saved .
To this one may make the following objections .
First of all this solution is not satisfactory , because in this way our behavior is based on stochastics , on the throwing of a die - not very dignified indeed .
Moreover in spite of the phenomena described in quantum physics , determinism is not ruled out in principle .
The often cited experiment of Aspect based on a theorem of Bell is sometimes seen as a proof that determinism is impossible , see Aspect [ 1982 ] .
But although the experiment is very interesting , it does not lead unambiguously to this conclusion .
As conclusion I want to state that reductionism and holism do not contradict each other .
On the contrary , they can complement each other fruitfully .
Determinism - free will
It is noteworthy that in the history of human thought this pseudo - discrepancy has been three times the cause of intensive polemics .
This happened in fundamental discussions in theology , in classical physics and more recently in artificial intelligence .
The main idea is simple .
Nature , including homo sapiens , is completely determined according to some theories .
This for different reasons depending on the particular school of thought .
According to some theological views
God completely determines the world .
According to classical physics the laws of nature and the state of the universe at a given moment completely determine the future .
Now , if the world is completely determined what about our free will ?
It seems at least that we have one .
In artificial intelligence , in which man is considered as an information processing system , the question comes up in an analogous way .
Holism may be defended as follows .
If one has not yet succeeded to select in a given setting the proper components together with a successful description of these , then a more global approach is the only possibility .
In this situation reductionism is a working hypothesis , a scientific program .
Moreover , even if the reductionist analysis of a situation happens to be completed successfully , it is still important to pay attention to the total .
As comparison one may think of the performance of a piece of music .
First one has to practise the difficult passages ( reductionism ) .
Thereafter these passages and the other parts should be integrated into a balanced total ( holism ) .
Holism on the other hand emphasizes that one should not neglect the global view .
` The whole is more than the sum of its parts ' is one of the slogans of holism .
As pointed out by Nagel [ 1961 ] , the truth of this statement depends on the way the concept `sum ' is interpreted .
If one has an amplifier , a cd-player , speakers and wires , than one does not yet have a working stereo - set .
The parts have to be connected in the correct way by using the wires .
If in the interpretation of the concept `sum ' this correct wiring is included , then the total is the sum of its parts .
A holist may maintain that with a stereo - set one can listen to cd's , something that is not possible with any of the parts .
This is correct , but should be stated as ` the properties of the whole are not the sum of the properties of the parts ' .
The aim of reductionism is to describe the properties of a whole as a function ( not a mere addition ) of the properties of the parts .
Usually the total has extra properties ( that is why we make compound objects ) .
It may also happen that properties of the parts are lost after the total is formed ( e.g. iron
Fe is susceptible to rust , but iron - oxide Fe O 2 is not ; sodium Na and chlorine Cl are poisonous but NaCl , table salt , is not ) .
In conclusion , mysticism and rationality are not incompatible .
Both are based on a refinement of the human mind , albeit in somewhat different directions .
It is important that rationality is not confused with bureaucracy and mysticism not with mystification .
Reductionism - holism Reductionism is the method that tries to understand the behavior of certain objects in terms of their components .
In this way science has achieved great successes .
By selecting in a situation the right components whose behavior can be described and be used in a description of the behavior of the total situation , one has obtained a good understanding of many phenomena in nature .
So much for the allergy of rationalists against mysticism .
As to the converse - the allergy of a mystic against rational thought - it can be said that again there is a misunderstanding caused by a difference in motivation .
The mystical training is directed towards a cultivation of introspection as a refined instrument .
This introspection should not be distorted by projections and the like .
Often rational thinking acts as a disturbance for proper perception of phenomenological experience .
Therefore one has to be careful with rational thought during the purification of consciousness .
It is sufficient to be always aware of our thinking or reasoning whenever present - however , that is not so easy .
A rationalist may object that even if the statements of a mystic may not be impossible , there is no logical ground for them .
This objection may be refuted by pointing out that the statements of a mystic are empirical , based on experience in a trained consciousness .
Nevertheless it would be good if a mystic would state clearly that he or she is speaking about internal experience .
The following example - already given in part I - may be explanatory .
Suppose there is an island with inhabitants that are able to see only the colors black and white .
In their `logic ' one has the following law : `something is either white or black ' .
In the language on the island the word for `black ' is `non - white ' .
Hence this law can be formulated as : `something is either white or non-white ' .
Now someone on the island has the mystical experience that we know as seeing the color green .
The mystic may say : ` I have seen something ; it was neither white nor non-white ( and it was splendid ) ' .
According to the logic of the island this is a contradiction .
But we know better .
Nevertheless this pair is only apparently in opposition .
In Staal [ 1975 ] the following is stated : ` Mysticism consist of experience .
As such it is neither rational nor irrational ; but this experience can be studied in a rational way ' .
Paradoxical statements may be made understandable , if we realize that using common language uncommon experience has to be described .
Improper opposites Rationalism - mysticism
This seems to be a proper opposite .
A rationalist only makes statements if these are based on logical thought .
In mysticism this is not the case ; sometimes even some contradictory statements are made .
Conversely , in mysticism one is warned against the influence of rational thinking .
Okay , now that we ’ve taken a look at US assets , we need to spend some time understanding what an asset bubble is , how one might form , and the consequences of the aftermath .
And we are specifically going to examine the housing bubble in detail , because it ’s happening right now and is the largest bubble in all of history and will probably be the most destructive .
Through the long sweep of history , the bursting of asset bubbles has nearly always been traumatic .
Social , political , and economic upheavals have a bad habit of following asset bubbles , while wealth destruction is a guaranteed feature .
Along the continuum of irrational financial behavior , it can be tricky to tell the difference between a bubble , a mania , and mere touch of exuberance .
A bubble is reserved for the height of folly , and history is rich with folly .
Bubbles used to happen once every generation or so , because it took time to forget the pain from the damage .
Today we are facing the bursting of a second major asset bubble , housing , spaced less than ten years from the bursting of the dot - com bubble .
This is simply astounding and thoroughly unprecedented .
So how would we know that we ’re in an ‘ asset bubble ’ ?
What do they look like , and what can we expect when one bursts ?
The Fed famously likes to claim that you ca n’t spot one until it bursts .
But actually you can , and the definition is pretty simple : A bubble exists when asset price inflation rises beyond what incomes can sustain .
A bubble represents people abandoning reason and prudence for hope and greed .
Out of that prior list , let ’s look at one of the more interesting bubbles that happened in Holland in the 1600’s .
For some reason , the people of that time became infatuated with tulips , saw them as a sure - fire path to riches , and a financial mania set in .
Yes , we ’re talking about the flowers that come from bulbs .
The bubble began when beautiful and unique variants in tulip coloration were developed , and bulbs began trading at higher and higher amounts as the speculative frenzy built .
At the height of the bubble , a single bulb of the most highly sought after example , the Semper Augustus seen here , commanded the same selling price as the finest house on the finest canal .
But eventually people figured out that you actually could grow quite a few tulips if you set your mind to it , and that perhaps bulbs were , after all , just bulbs .
It is recorded that the tulip craze ended even more suddenly than it began , ending almost in a single day at the start of the new selling season in February of 1637 .
On that day , a silent whistle blew that only dogs and buyers could hear , and prices crashed .
This example illustrates two characteristics of bubbles .
First , that they are self - reinforcing on the way up , meaning that higher prices become the justification for higher prices , and second , that once the illusion is lifted , the game is suddenly and permanently over .
A second example of a bubble comes from the 1700 ’s and goes by the name “ The South Sea Bubble . ”
The South Sea Company was an English company granted a monopoly to trade with South America under a treaty with Spain .
The fact that the company was rather ordinary in its profits prior to the government monopoly did not deter people from speculating wildly about its potential future value , and the share price rose dramatically .
Nor did the fact that the company was billed as “ A company for carrying out an undertaking of great advantage , but nobody to know what it is . "
Sir Isaac Newton , when asked about the continually rising stock price of the South Sea Company , said that he “ … could not calculate the madness of people . ”
He may have invented calculus and described universal gravitation , but he ended up losing over 20,000 pounds to the bursting bubble , proving that intelligence is no guarantee of avoiding being swept up in the animal instincts of a still - expanding bubble .
In 1720 , the mania took off , displaying a text - book - perfect example of an asset bubble .
Here we see reflected two additional essential features of bubbles :
They are roughly symmetrical in both time and price .
That is , however long it took to create the bubble is roughly the amount of time it will take to unwind the bubble , and prices usually get fully retraced , if not a bit more .
Here we can see those features in perfect form .
Keep an eye on this shape .
We ’ll be seeing it again , and again , and again .
And here in a chart of the Dow Jones , beginning in 1921 we can see that the stock bubble that preceded the Great Depression followed the same rough trajectory , requiring about as much time to deflate as it did to inflate , and that prices roughly returned to the levels from which they started .
And here ’s the stock price of GM in the blue line between the years 1912 and 1922 , and Intel in the red line between 1992 and 2002 , periods during which both stocks were swept up in bubbles .
Here we might also note that the price data looks very similar for both stocks , despite the fact that they reflect a car company and a high tech chip manufacturer separated by a span of 80 years .
The fact that bubbles display the same price behaviors over the centuries tells us that they are not artifacts of particular financial systems , but rather are shaped by the human emotions of greed , fear , and hope .
Those have not changed through the years , and this is why you should hold onto your wallet any time you hear the words this time it ’s different .
Somewhere along the way , people started to believe this about houses .
It got to the point that people began to really believe that a house was a path to riches .
And , even better , it was a magical path that would transport you to easy street even if you sat on your sofa the whole time drinking beer .
Now , there ’s simply no way for this to be true , and we should have known better , but bubbles usually have their way with the masses .
Regardless , over the long haul house prices will be set by whatever it costs to build a new house , meaning that inflation will dictate house prices .
This amazing chart of inflation - adjusted house prices , created by Robert Shiller , reveals that between 1890 and 1998 , house prices tracked the rate of inflation very closely .
Any time the chart line is rising , houses are appreciating in price faster than the rate of inflation , and any time the line is falling , they are losing ground compared to inflation .
Over this entire 118 - year period , house prices averaged 101.2 , meaning that inflation - adjusted house prices are roughly comparable across this entire sweep of history .
Real estate prices were stable compared to inflation , then fell before and during the Great Depression , stabilized again , and then rose dramatically after the war .
See this little bump right here ?
That was a property bubble that I still remember clearly , because it impacted the Northeast , where I lived at the time , and I got to ride my bike though abandoned construction projects .
Notice that this property bubble returned to baseline in a fairly symmetrical fashion , as did the property bubble of 1989 .
Well , if those were property bubbles , then what ’s this ?
This housing bubble has no historical precedent and is massively out of proportion to anything we ’ve ever experienced before .
There is nothing even remotely close to it in magnitude , so we are left without any history to guide us as to what the impacts are likely to be .
And also note that this bubble did not suddenly begin in 2004 ; it began in 1998 and had eclipsed the past two by 2000 .
You might ask yourself , “ If the Federal Reserve had access to this data , and knew we had a property bubble on our hands as early as 2000 , why did they continue to aggressively lower interest rates to 1 % and hold them there for a year between 2003 and 2004 ? ”
That ’s a darn good question , and I ’ll get to that in a minute .
Based on this chart , where and when might we predict this bubble to finally bottom out ?
Well , symmetry suggests the bottom will be somewhere around 2015 , while history suggest that prices will decline by roughly 50 % in real terms .
The other way we could look at this is in terms of affordability .
Again , over the long haul it is impossible for median house prices to rise faster than median incomes .
Why ?
Because the amount that people can afford to pay sets a limit on house prices .
Here ’s a chart I put together that compares median incomes to median house prices .
The bubbles of 1979 and 1989 are not very dramatic on this graph , but there they are , marked by black arrows .
The fact that median incomes did not deviate very far from those prior bubbly house prices helped to limit the impact of the bursting of those bubbles , painful though they were , because incomes and house prices did not have to travel very far to meet up once again .
This time ?
Again , we have no historical precedent for the gap between income gains and house prices , and we see disturbing signs as early as 1999 that things were getting off track .
Based on income gains alone , how much would house prices have to fall to bring these lines back together ?
The answer is 34 % – nationally – indicating that there ’s a long way to go yet .
Given the propensity of bubbles to overshoot to the downside , we ca n’t discount that a 40 % to 50 % decline is in store .
Here we might also guesstimate that house prices would bottom somewhere in the vicinity of 2012 to 2015 .
Remember , a bubble exists when asset price inflation rises beyond what incomes can sustain .
And that ’s exactly what we see here in this chart .
So , where was the Fed during all of this ?
They were busy writing “ research ” papers convincing themselves that there was no housing bubble , as seen in this 2004 Fed study entitled , “ Are Home Prices the Next Bubble ? ”
The main summary of the study started off on a good note , stating , “ Home prices have been rising strongly since the mid-1990s , prompting concerns that a bubble exists in this asset class and that home prices are vulnerable to a collapse that could harm the US economy . ”
But then main conclusion of the paper veered sharply off into a ditch , reading :
“ A close analysis of the U.S. housing market in recent years , however , finds little basis for such concerns .
The marked upturn in home prices is largely attributable to strong market fundamentals :
Home prices have essentially moved in line with increases in family income and declines in nominal mortgage interest rates . ”
“ Essentially moved in line with increases in family income ? ”
What ?
One of the most widely known facts of our time is that family incomes have not moved up at all over the past 8 years on an inflation - adjusted basis and is one of the principal economic failures of this decade .
This just goes to show that the Federal Reserve is either stocked with inept or biased researchers , and , of the two , I am not sure which makes me feel worse about our chances of pulling through this mess .
But the Fed ’s researchers were simply doing what millions of people did ; namely , falling prey to believing that somehow “ this time it ’s different . ”
But that ’s just how bubbles are .
People take leave of their senses , use all manner of rationales to justify their positions , but then , suddenly one day the illusion lifts , and what seemed to be unassailably true no longer makes any sense at all .
Once that day happens , the fate of the bubble is reduced to measuring the speed of its collapse .
Why is any of this important to us ?
Because we are going to be living with the after - effects for a very long time .
While it ’s tempting to lay the blame for what ’s happening on the housing bubble , it ’s important to remember that the dramatic rise in house prices was itself just a symptom of a credit bubble run amok .
Total credit at the end of 2000 , when the stock bubble was bursting , stood at $ 27 trillion dollars .
By the end of 2007 , it stood at an astounding $ 48 trillion dollars .
This $ 21 trillion increase in borrowing is five times larger than the increase in US GDP over the same period of time .
Any attempt to understand the housing bubble has to be viewed against the backdrop of this massive increase in debt .
But as we noted in an earlier chapter , this credit bubble has been going on for 25 years .
Unwinding a multi-generational debt - binge is going to require some enormous changes in attitudes and habits .
One reason that any bubble , but especially a housing bubble like this one , is so destructive is because so many bad investments are made along the way .
Too many houses were built , too many shopping centers , too many condos , and nearly all of them too large and ill - positioned for a future of expensive energy .
Sorry to say , but all those trillions of dollars were wasted , and , worse , stole opportunities from the things that needed that money more .
The Austrian school of economics has a very crisp and historically accurate definition of how a credit bubble ends .
According to Ludwig Von Mises :
“ There is no means of avoiding the final collapse of a boom brought about by credit expansion .
The alternative is only whether the crisis should come sooner as a result of a voluntary abandonment of further credit expansion , or later as a final and total catastrophe of the currency system involved . ”
This is a view I happen to ascribe to and explains my strong preference for placing my wealth out of the path of a potential dollar collapse .
As a nation , we ’ve undertaken desperate measures to avoid abandoning the continuation of our credit expansion , leaving a final catastrophe of the currency as our most likely outcome .
As for the timing ?
It could hardly be worse .
Dealing with a bursting housing bubble is hardly the sort of challenge we need at this particular moment in history , but here we are .
The stewardship and vision displayed by the Federal Reserve and Washington , DC in bringing this all about have been utterly atrocious .
So what can we expect from a collapsing credit bubble ?
Simply put , everything that fed upon and grew as a consequence of too much easy credit will collapse .
I am especially leery of financial stocks , low grade bonds , and of course , real estate .
I see very few conventional ways to protect ones wealth , and so I invite you to begin asking yourself ( and , if you have one , your financial advisor ) some very hard questions about the safety of your holdings .
You ’ll be glad you did .
Remember , this time it ’s probably NOT different .
Please join us for the next chapter , where we explore the extent to which we have been telling ourselves pleasant half - truths and other falsehoods , which I call “ Fuzzy Numbers . ”
Thank you for listening .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - U.S. presidential candidate Barack Obama said on Friday Iran should not wait for the next administration to halt its uranium enrichment program .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Speaking at a joint news conference with French President Nicolas Sarkozy in Paris , Obama said Iran should accept the trade and technical incentives the six world powers have offered in exchange for ending its uranium enrichment .
“ Iran should accept the proposals that President Sarkozy and the EU 3 plus 3 are presenting now .
Do n’t wait for the next president because the pressure , I think , is only going to build , ” he said .
Sarkozy and Obama joked about their common immigrant backgrounds as , respectively , the son of a Hungarian and of a Kenyan .
By the end of the news conference , Sarkozy was calling Obama by his first name .
“ France is happy to welcome Barack Obama , firstly because he ’s American and the French love Americans , ” he said , before making a long , pointed pause during which the comment drew laughter from the traveling U.S. press corps .
He stopped just short of actually endorsing the 46 - year - old senator but made it clear he would be happy if he won the November presidential election .
“ Good luck to Barack Obama .
If it ’s him , France will be happy and if it ’s not him , France will be a friend of the United States of America , ” he said .
Obama repaid Sarkozy in kind , praising him for his dynamism .
“ I ’m asking him what he eats so that I can find out how I can always have as much energy as this man beside me .
He ’s on the move all the time , ” he said .
Obama ’s brief visit to Paris was part of a fast - paced international tour intended to counter charges that he lacks the foreign policy experience needed to be Commander - in - Chief .
He left for London after the meeting with Sarkozy .
His rival in the November election , Republican John McCain , has been sharply critical of Obama ’s call for greater engagement with Iran , saying it was irresponsible and naive .
President George W. Bush , who had long opposed direct talks with Iran over its nuclear program , sent senior U.S. diplomat William Burns to talks in Geneva on Saturday with Iranian officials .
Envoys from the United States , Russia and China as well as the three European powers , Britain , France and Germany -- the so - called sextet of world powers -- attended the Geneva meeting .
( Additional reporting by Elizabeth Pineau , James Mackenzie and Estelle Shirbon )
oor Performance ? oor Performance ?
Be patient , the initial download takes a while for a lot of reasons ( see " Download and Play ! " below ) .
After the first time it should be faster .
We 're flirting with the edges of Flash sanity .
So , if you experience low frame rate , open your Prefs and turn Particle Effects to low or off , turn Day / Night cycles off , and turn Weather off .
Sound and floating Combat
Text should not heavily impact frame rates , so you can probably leave those be . .
Finally , closing other graphics intensive apps you may have open in the background , including other web pages , will help .
ownload and Play ! ownload and Play !
Instead of just " Play " :(
Due to Bandwidth Drama that 's resulted in our being throttled by our service provider ( QQ ) ... for the time being you may opt to download a ~ 9.4MB .zip , extract , and run WTF ?!
locally .
We really apologize for this , but we did not anticipate the traffic we 've been getting , nor the response to that traffic .
Note :
This software is not officially sponsored by or directly associated with either the World of Warcraft developers at Blizzard Entertainment or their publisher and parent company Vivendi Universal .
In my humble opinion , emphatically no !
There is a shortage of perfectly healthy unmarried childless folk who need no benefits , aged between 22 and 26 , who need no visas , who have done a previous job within the last two months so much like the one you need that they require absolutely no ramp - up time and who are willing to live anywhere and work cheaply in noisy cubicles on inferior computers without sunlight .
IT executives need to stop being silly by imposing unrealistic requirements on talent .
Fundamentally , I believe even if you ignore the above that we actually need less people in IT than today .
Consider how much energy is put into time wasting activities such as governance which allows for increased financial transparency at the expense of productivity .
I suspect that if you were to align all of the IT initiatives into two columns where one column is productivity and the other were transparency and you were n't allowed to practice hybridism as a mental disorder then the transparency column would outweigh the productivity column by ten to one .
As far as recruiting talent , if you accept people over 27 , give them time to learn what you need , keep them long enough to pay back the cost of training them in value to you , give good benefits , locate the jobs where there is already a supply of unemployed or contract IT folks , be willing to pay them a little higher than local market wages , give them state - of - the - art computers , and put them in one - person offices with windows to the outdoors , you will have a stampede of candidates battering down your door .
No problem .
If a young person asked me , I would advise them not to go into IT .
Learn to use a computer much as one used to learn a foreign language or typing , but train to be the one that owns the business .
That way you can not be outsourced .
However , there are more than enough older folks around to do everything you need ...
The French state and internet service providers have struck a deal to block sites carrying child pornography or content linked to terrorism or racial hatred , Interior Minister Michel Alliot - Marie announced on Tuesday .
The plan , part of a larger effort to fight cybercriminality , is to go into effect in September when a " black list " will be built up based on input from internet users who signal sites dealing with the offensive material , the minister said .
The announcement comes on the heels of a similar deal in the United States , also announced Tuesday .
There , three service providers - Verizon , Sprint and TimeWarner Cable - have agreed with New York state officials to block child pornography sites nationwide .
With the dinosaur Space Shuttle set to retire in 2010 , and Orion due to be finished ( optimistically ) by 2015 , NASA may purchase the $ 131 million unmanned HTV cargo vehicle from JAXA , Japan 's space agency , to guarantee fresh shipments of space - Doritos flowing up to the brave souls on the International Space Sation .
While they had initially planned to fill this gap by relying on commercial space cargo flights by companies like SpaceX , Reuters is reporting that delays in the private - sector space companies have caused NASA to look elsewhere to avoid being crippled by the Shuttle 's retirement .
UPDATE : NASA issued a statement this afternoon saying the Reuters ' report was full of baloney .
They 're still dedicated to finding commercial haulers - full release below .
Statement on Inaccurate Reports About Japanese Cargo Services
WASHINGTON — Contrary to news reports , NASA has not officially or unofficially been discussing the purchase of H - II Transfer Vehicles ( HTV ) — uninhabited resupply cargo ships for the space station — from the Japanese Space Agency , or JAXA .
NASA is committed to domestic commercial cargo resupply to the space station and does not plan to procure cargo delivery services from Japan .
As part of our original agreements as compensation for common system operating costs NASA has limited cargo capability on the Japanese and European cargo vehicles .
NASA has recently issued a request for proposal for the cargo needs of International Space Station beyond those supplied by our current international agreements .
NASA has chosen to depend on commercial resupply of cargo delivery to the station .
On the other hand , “ Firing Line ” was so different in tone and pacing from its descendants that one might almost say that it stands as their inverse  their antithesis ( Mr. Buckley was fond of a four - syllable word when two syllables would do ) , a counterfactual , even .
That is to say , a condition that cannot  owing to the present - day climates of television and politics  be fulfilled .
“ The show was devoted to a leisurely examination of issues and ideas at an extremely high level , ” said Jeff Greenfield of CBS News , another pundit who frequently debated Mr. Buckley on the program .
“ It ’s not at all like what you see now , where everybody says , ‘ Who won the week ? ’ or ‘ On a scale of 1 to 10 , rate Hillary ’s chances . ’ ”
Over 33 years , the list of guests on “ Firing Line ” was impressive and very much bipartisan : Margaret Thatcher , Ronald Reagan , Clare Boothe Luce and Henry A. Kissinger on the right .
Muhammad Ali , the Rev. Jesse L. Jackson , Jimmy Carter and William M. Kunstler on the left .
There were also , of course , people who , by dint of political or personal conviction , would not appear on “ Firing Line . ”
“ I was never on his show , ” Gore Vidal , with whom Mr. Buckley had a famous feud , said on Thursday .
“ I do n’t like fascism much . ”
He added : “ I was one of the first people he asked .
And , of course , I refused to be on it .
And , of course , he lied about it afterward . ”
Why You Should Never Talk to the Police
This is an engaging and fascinating video presentation by Professor James Duane of the Regent University School of Law , explaining why — in a criminal matter — you should never , ever , ever talk to the police or any other government agent .
It does n’t matter if you ’re guilty or innocent , if you have an alibi or not — it is n’t possible for anything you say to help you , and it ’s very possible that innocuous things you say will hurt you .
Definitely worth half an hour of your time .
And this is a video of Virginia Beach Police Department Officer George Bruch , who basically says that Duane is right .
Posted on July 31 , 2008 at 12:52 PM
• 114 Comments
[ Update : two of the original authors of this post have moved on to greener pastures , and have asked us to mothball this content in preparation for an upcoming book .
Thanks for all the feedback and stay tuned for more technical poker content in the future . ]
Introduction
Last week , we posted about how we built a working , real - money online poker bot .
This week , we 'll discuss how to get started building your own bot , address some specific bot - building techniques , talk about the woeful state of online poker user privacy , respond to a few reader questions and comments , and close out with some recommended reading ...
Several days ago , we posted a chart that attempted to visualize risk - of - death data from various causes .
Though ambitious and interactive , that particular visualization ( reproduced after the jump ) was criticized as unintuitive and roundly confusing .
Readers responded with tons of suggestions and two of you took matters into your own hands , building new charts to look at the data in new ways .
Here , we present their efforts .
The data came from the work of Steven Woloshin , Lisa Schwarz and H. Gilbert Welch re-calculating risk data based on gender , age and smoking status .
It appeared this week in the Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
First up are two new charts from Robert Kosara , a computer science professor at UNC - Charlotte who runs a blog , Eager Eyes , primarily about visualization .
He explains his general approach to the visualization , " In both images , there are three bars for each age , showing these groups in that order .
I have added gray bars in the background to group them , but that could clearly use more work . "
The two images differ in that one is normalized , while the other presents absolute numbers .
In the end , Kosara ended up preferring the normalized image to the left .
" I think this makes the most sense , because it shows how smoking shortens your life , and it also shows that smokers do n’t just die from the expected diseases ( lung cancer , pneumonia , heart disease ) , but also tons of others , " he wrote .
Dermot Balson , who runs Modelling Excel , also built a set of charts of his own .
Balson is an actuary tasked with calculating death risks for a living .
His initial charts also employ the " stacked bar " approach , but are broken into a series of smaller charts that can be quickly compared .
" It is difficult to visualize four - dimensional data effectively .
In addition , the death rates vary so much by age that if you put them all on a chart , the younger rates will be hard to read because they get squashed so flat , " he wrote .
" We actuaries have this problem all the time , so I have learned to rescale charts — as you will see here .
Balson also included a second chart , which shows the percentage increase in each cause of death .
" This is very effective in showing which causes are most affected , and at what ages , " he wrote .
And here is my messy , grandiose chart , with some of the tweaks that readers requested .
It shows the risk of death data for men as a time series , in which the time ( the big number in the lower right ) is actually " year of birth " .
I could n’t make all the requested changes , primarily because the Google widget I used , Motion Chart , does n’t really allow a lot of customization .
So , I could only make a couple of the requested changes : 1 ) Renaming of the axes 2 ) Matching the horizontal and vertical dimensions of the graph .
I could n’t figure out how to make the default scale be logarithmic instead of linear .
Any tips appreciated .
One thing I ’d LOVE to add is cigarette company profit margins / profit / revenue for the years listed , but I could n’t find that historical data ( anyone got a source for that ?
I ’d want it to go back until at least 1950 ) .
Voila , the new chart :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal ’s Twitter , Google Reader feed and web page ; Wired Science on Facebook .
The Internet today is far more functional than it ever was and we ’re finally at the point where being able to access the net in places like your living room , bathroom or kitchen is actually pretty useful .
Recipes are no longer stored in cookbooks , they are in emails or websites .
There ’s a website or forum for virtually everything , not to mention the utility of sites like Wikipedia and imdb .
The problem is that a kitchen PC that could be used to check emails , look up recipes or chat with someone while cooking was n’t really feasible when decent PCs would set you back at least $ 1500 .
As PC prices fell however , the possibility of putting a PC in nearly every room of your house increased tremendously .
We ’ve already established that there ’s utility in such a PC - filled household , but what was left is someone to provide the hardware to make it happen .
When the One Laptop Per Child ( OLPC ) project was started it did n’t take long before regular computer users took notice and also wanted access to a $ 100 - $ 200 PC .
It was n’t just the end users that realized there was a need for such a machine , some of the manufacturers did too .
Before the release of the ASUS Eee PC I had dinner with ASUS ’ CEO , Jonney Shih and we began talking about what was necessary to build a truly lightweight , yet functional PC .
Jonney is n't your typical CEO , he 's still quite an engineer at heart and enjoys discussing everything from market direction to the microprocessor architectures necessary to make that direction happen .
The conversation started about the OLPC project but quickly lead to what it would take to build such a thing for the mainstream consumer market .
We discussed what was possible , but little did I realize that ASUS had already begun working on such a thing .
The Eee PC was ASUS ’ first attempt at a cheap machine for the masses , unfortunately as a notebook it ’s a tough sell for most .
The keyboard is cramped and the screen is too small to be productive on .
People either loved or hated the Eee PC , but the system generated enough interest and was selling well enough that ASUS went ahead with plans to build a desktop equivalent .
Since they called the notebook the Eee PC , the desktop had to have a different name and thus it was called the Eee Box .
The Eee Box is effectively a headless notebook with no keyboard / mouse .
In fact , the new version of the Eee PC features the exact same hardware configuration as the Eee Box - just in notebook form .
Using notebook components in a “ desktop ” PC is nothing new , Apple does it all the time with the majority of its machines .
The iMac uses a mobile CPU , as does the Apple TV , despite neither one being a notebook .
Stylistically , ASUS did a tremendous job with the Eee Box .
The system we have here is an early prototype , the final version will be available with a solid white or black finish ( the random pixel pattern on our system wo n’t make it to production ) .
The machine is extremely sleek measuring 17.7 cm x 22.1 cm x 2.7 cm ( 6.97 " x 8.7 " x 1.06 " ) .
Without a keyboard or display to complain about and an even lower price tag ( $ 269 or $ 299 depending on configuration ) , we set off to see if the Eee Box would have more universal appeal than the Eee PC .
The Configurations
There have been rumors a plenty about the standard configurations that the Eee Box would be available in and we ’re finally able to give you the exact specs of the three North American models :
OS CPU Memory HDD Price ASUS Eee Box Linux Intel Atom 1.6GHz 1GB 80 GB 2.5 " 5400 RPM $ 269 ASUS Eee Box Windows XP Intel Atom 1.6GHz 1GB 80 GB 2.5 " 5400 RPM $ 299 ASUS Eee Box Linux Intel Atom 1.6GHz 2GB 160 GB 2.5 " 5400 RPM $ 299
The base Eee Box configuration will retail for $ 269 and feature a 80 GB SATA HDD , 1GB of memory and ship with Linux .
The same configuration with Windows XP will run you $ 299 , or for the same amount of money you can purchase a 160 GB / 2GB system also with Linux .
Microsoft wo n't allow PCs to be sold with > 80 GB HDDs preloaded with Windows XP and thus the top end configuration is only available with Linux .
Given our experience with the Eee Box under Vista vs. XP ( which we 'll get to shortly ) , we think that this is the perfect example of Microsoft dropping the ball and easily losing ground to open source solutions here .
All three machines will ship with the same Intel Atom processor running at 1.60 GHz on ASUS ’ own 945G based motherboard .
Availability is planned for July in North America although machines will first be available in Asia before then .
You read that right .
Bit - tech has it from " several sources close to the hard drive industry " that Western Digital is working on a 20,000 RPM followup to its new 10,000 RPM VelociRaptor performance champ .
Same 2.5 - inch format , same 3.5 - inch housing only now designed to better cancel out the drive 's noise .
The idea is to take on SSDs in terms of performance while offering substantially greater capacity as flash memory prices continue to fall .
We 'll just have to pretend that power consumption , vibration , and ruggedness are n't a concern .
In a corner office on Microsoft 's leafy , low - rise campus in suburban Seattle , a bespectacled , slightly portly middle - aged man has been packing up his belongings .
Bill Gates logs off today after 33 years in day - to - day control of the world 's biggest software company .
Gates , 52 , is retiring in order to spend more time giving away his $ 58 bn ( £ 29 bn ) fortune .
In a glossy video produced by Microsoft to mark the occasion , he expressed quiet satisfaction : " We 've really achieved the ideal of what I wanted Microsoft to become . "
Later today , Gates will deliver a valedictory address to the software company 's 90,000 employees with his right - hand man , Microsoft 's chief executive Steve Ballmer , by his side .
Staff around the world will watch via a webcast .
Gates will remain part - time chairman of the board .
But the reign of the one - time boy wonder of the computer world is officially over .
In a rare period of inactivity , Gates plans a trip to the Beijing Olympics and will be enjoying a spell of leisure over the summer .
Then , he plans to set up an office in Seattle 's Eastside area to delve deeper into the world 's medical , biological and environmental challenges for his Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .
" I 'll miss doing the work here , " Gates told reporters this week .
" This is a big milestone . "
He has been gradually " transitioning " out of Microsoft for two years and to many in the technology industry , the company itself has been fading from prominence - it has n't released a blockbuster product for a decade and its mantle as a leading - edge innovator has been inherited by Google .
Yet Rob Helm , research director for an independent consultancy , Directions on Microsoft , says Gates kept a close eye on events at the company until relatively recently through internal sessions known as " Bill G reviews " for which staff prepared frenetically .
" A team would go into his office with other interested parties and Gates would grill them about the project they were working on - both from a business and a technical standpoint , " says Helm .
These sessions , says Helm , could be sorely missed : " The Bill G review was Microsoft 's compass to keep all its groups pointing in the same direction - and only he could really do that , only he had that depth of knowledge . "
Gates 's encyclopaedic mind has almost mythical status at Microsoft .
Bookish from an early age , he used to take a book when his family took him to watch the Washington Huskies college football team as a child .
Aged 11 , he won a bet with a local pastor that he could memorise all three Biblical chapters of the " sermon on the mount " , word for word .
He established Microsoft with a schoolfriend , Paul Allen , in Albuquerque in 1975 to write basic programs for early incarnations of computers .
They won their big break five years later by landing a deal to provide operating systems to IBM .
But Microsoft 's history has been peppered with controversy over its robust attitude to competition .
In the 1990s , its practice of embedding internet browsers in operating systems caused a particular furore , making it tough for rivals such as Netscape to lure customers with rival software .
The company has repeatedly been accused of making it hard for rival developers to make applications compatible with its operating systems .
" He 's a man who could be calculating , devious and brutal , " says Marc Aronson , author of a soon - to - be- released book , Bill Gates : Up Close .
" On the other hand , he 's created something - he is a builder . "
When Microsoft was threatened with a break - up by the US competition authorities and subsequently fined by the European commission , Gates ' reputation reached a nadir .
A US judge described the company in 2000 as " untrustworthy " , although the case was settled when the newly elected Bush administration adopted a more laissez - faire approach .
Since then , Gates has reinvented himself as a philanthropist .
With the help of $ 30bn from Warren Buffett , his foundation funds healthcare , agricultural development and education in developing countries .
" Gates always likes to be at a knife - edge point between absolute success and absolute disaster , " says Aronson .
" Being the richest , or third richest , guy in the world is not a challenge anymore .
But fighting malaria is a challenge because there 's a high chance of failing . "
Some believe Gates is getting out of Microsoft at the right time .
The company remains enormously profitable - it is forecast to make earnings of $ 17bn from revenues of $ 60 bn for the 12 months to June .
But its two key products which command near monopolies in their fields , Word and Office , are facing challenges - most notably from free - of - charge word processing and spreadsheet applications hosted on the internet by Google .
Certain analysts suggest that Google is throwing down the gauntlet in the same way that Netscape posed a threat to Microsoft 's Internet Explorer during the " browser wars " of the late 1990s .
Michael Gartenberg , a technology analyst at Jupiter Research , says : " Bill basically started and then redefined an entire industry , then went on from there to redefine philanthropy .
But the real challenge is going to be where Microsoft goes from here . "
Critics say that Microsoft has struggled to grasp the trends shaping the latest generation of the internet , dubbed " Web 2.0 " .
The company has resorted to trying to buy its way in by snapping up a stake in Facebook last year and through its recent aborted attempt to buy Yahoo .
" People who are discounting Microsoft 's relevance are making a mistake , " says Gartenberg , who argues that the company remains a formidable competitor .
" People who underestimated Microsoft in the past have discovered their mistake to their cost . "
Gates is likely to spend more time with his three young children at his 40,000sq ft mansion overlooking Lake Washington , which boasts a private library and an art deco theatre and where guests have included the Chinese president Hu Jintao .
But the business world has n't quite seen the last of Gates .
He has put money into in a start - up called Intellectual Ventures which is developing a " clean " type of nuclear reactor which would use fuels other than enriched uranium .
For future investments , he says he is only interested in " dramatic " scientific breakthroughs which would tie in with his broader philanthropic approach of " improving the state of mankind " .
" If somebody says to me ' OK , we can do new cookie stores and we can make zillions ' , I have no interest in spending a minute on that , " he told his home town newspaper , the Seattle Post - Intelligencer .
" I hope somebody goes and does that , but that 's not for me . "
Illustration by Peter Schrank
LEADERS of the European project spend much time searching for icons of a single European identity .
They name “ Europeans of the Year ” and give awards to books — and even to journalists .
There is a Charlemagne prize , a German bauble for which this column takes no credit .
Instead , it offers a humbler suggestion .
In the hunt for a distinctive European identity , consider toy brands , such as Denmark 's Lego or Germany 's Playmobil .
These firms may be dwarfed in America by titans like Mattel , but in Europe they are cultural giants , vying for top spots in markets such as France and Germany .
In their designs , business models and philosophies , they offer a striking snapshot of European aspirations , anxieties and foibles .
( Tellingly , toy bosses see Britain as a case apart , closer to the American market in taste , and showing what they call an “ Anglo - Saxon ” fondness for heavily marketed novelties tied to films or television . )
This column offers as its European of the Year Playmobil man , a short , stiff - legged , eternally smiling , plastic figure first created three decades ago , and today churned out at a rate of 80 m a year .
Study these little people , and you learn much about European views of globalisation , violence , creativity , America , race , gender equality and what makes a good job .
For example , says Playmobil 's chief executive , Andrea Schauer , “ the dream of every German mother ” used to be to have an engineer for a son .
Parents liked to see boys assembling elaborate structures in their bedrooms ;
Lego is the top toy brand in Germany .
In contrast , the French shun construction toys , preferring the world of the imagination .
Playmobil is their leading toy brand .
Visit Playmobil headquarters in Bavaria , and you will hear a surprisingly nuanced message about globalisation .
Unlike the rest of the industry , Playmobil and Lego have largely avoided China as a place to manufacture .
That helped last Christmas , when American press articles advised parents in a funk about Chinese safety standards to buy Playmobil , Lego and the like , because they were made in Europe .
( Most Playmobil figures are made in Malta and their accessories made in Germany ; most Lego bricks are made in Denmark . )
The head of the family that owns Playmobil , Horst Brandstätter , has been known to drift into Euro - populism when explaining the decision to invest in new German production lines during the past five years .
“ If everything is produced in China , who in Germany will be left to afford high - value toys ? ” he once asked .
In fact , Playmobil plants are highly automated — its main factory in Bavaria is strikingly empty , with tiny dinosaur arms or car parts falling from unmanned injection moulds as a few blue - dungareed staff trundle about on large tricycles .
Its young customers are fickle and unpredictable , meaning that production volumes often need swift tweaking .
Like many “ fast fashion ” chains , Playmobil suspects the lead times demanded by factories in China are too long for it .
Mrs Schauer will say only that Playmobil has decided against China for the next five to ten years .
She does not criticise rivals who make toys there .
Chinese factories can make items of “ any quality ” , she says .
But when the firm experimented with making toys in China four years ago , the costs of moulds and raw materials were no lower than in Europe .
And it took too much time and effort to prod suppliers to set standards high and keep them up .
What of Europe 's cultural identity ?
Examination of Playmobil figures reveals interesting things .
Europeans are squeamish about warfare and armies .
American shelves groan under tanks and muscle - bound action heroes ; European parents are less keen .
Playmobil tanks and warplanes “ could certainly make big money , ” says Mrs Schauer , since children write in demanding such things .
But Playmobil will not make them .
Europe 's history , especially Germany's , rules it out .
The firm also avoids links with violent licensed brands , such as Spiderman , saying it prefers older stories that leave children 's imagination free to roam .
From Venus to Mars
On the other hand , Europeans are not as pacifist as they are sometimes portrayed , nor even as anti-gun .
Playmobil policemen are armed to the teeth , and have big dogs for chasing Playmobil bank - robbers ( who sport stubbly chins beneath their smiles ) .
In the adult world , many Europeans are duly happy to send armed paramilitary police to be peacekeepers , but are fretful about sending their troops into combat .
Yet go farther back in history and violence triggers little concern .
There are Playmobil knights and barbarians , pirates and Roman legionaries , all wielding lethal weapons .
Europeans can even live with American military toys , if they are old enough : there are Playmobil cowboys from the Wild West , and soldiers from both sides in the American civil war .
The difference is philosophical , says Mrs Schauer .
There are no more knights and pirates , so their combat is a “ resolved story ” .
Modern war is “ really horror ” .
That is echoed by Gabi Neubauer , a librarian buying toys in Nuremberg .
She suggests that “ it is more honourable to fight with a sword , somehow . ”
Not all explanations are as high - faluting .
Asked why Playmobil makes any tiny toy guns at all , Mrs Schauer admits “ otherwise , we probably would n't be accepted by boys . ”
Girls are well catered for by Playmobil : women role models vary from pilots to policewomen .
But when it comes to race , Playmobil figures are almost all white .
European children have never asked for anything else , and Europe accounts for 90 % of turnover ( two ethnic families , the Costas and the Wongs , are on the way ) .
American customers are different .
Some have asked for black pilots , Playmobil bosses say , and the firm may yet produce them .
The all - important American market is one that Playmobil yearns to break into in a big way — if it can do so without betraying its calm German vision of toyland .
That is a tricky conflict to resolve : and a very European one .
In 1997 Critical Review editor Jeffrey Friedman published his paper , “ What ’s Wrong with Libertarianism ” in Critical Review .
In sum , Friedman argued that libertarians are guilty of lapsing into “ philosophical ” defenses of liberty when they run into trouble on consequentialist grounds .
He called this move the “ libertarian straddle . ”
Eleven years later , Friedman still seems firmly committed to the relevance of his argument .
His comments on this blog attest to this .
Here , Friedman suggests that “ Rothbardian philosophy ” ultimately motivates and characterizes the contributions of younger “ libertarian economists , ” such as Chris Coyne , Ben Powell , and others .
But are the younger economists really guilty of the “ libertarian straddle , ” or has Friedman just fallen into the unfortunate habit of seeing the “ straddle ” everywhere he looks ?
The evidence suggests he has and that it ’s time let the “ libertarian straddle ” trumpeting go .
For younger “ libertarian economists , ” who are economists first and foremost and libertarians only second , the “ straddle ” is irrelevant .
The younger crop of self - described libertarian economists is consequentialist in its argumentation , not natural rights - oriented .
Having learned from the generation before them , for which this is also true — economists such as Pete Boettke , Steve Horwitz , Marrio Rizzo , Roger Koppl , and others — the libertarianism of the younger generation is an outflow of their positive economics , which when combined with a normative stance that sees improving standards of living as a “ good ” thing , makes their worldview “ libertarian . ”
Their argumentation is consequentialist the whole way through .
There ’s no “ straddling ” here .
Consider , for example , Chris Coyne ’s work on post - war reconstruction .
Chris objects to foreign intervention , not because of some principled stance against it , but because he finds the evidence overwhelmingly demonstrates that intervention fails to achieve its ends , often making things worse from the perspective of the interveners ’ stated goals rather than better .
Notably , Chris does not claim that this is true in all cases .
He points to post - WWII Germany and Japan as examples of successful intervention and through positive analysis identifies the factors that made this so .
Benjamin Powell ’s work on Somalia is another excellent example .
Ben ’s argument is n’t that life is good in Somalia because Somalia does n’t have a government and therefore does n’t have coercion .
His argument is that there ’s plenty of coercion in Somalia , but compared to surrounding countries with similar backgrounds that have governments , Somali anarchy has produced greater welfare improvements for Somalia than government has in neighboring countries .
J. Robert Subrick ’s and Scott Beaulier ’s research on Botswana is another example of straight - up , consequentialist reasoning .
Subrick and Beaulier applaud Botswana ’s post - colonial embrace of private property rights and limited government , not because of any alleged inherent “ goodness ” or “ rightness ” of private property rights and limited government , but rather because private property rights and limited government in Botswana led to the highest economic growth rate in Africa for thirty years .
Through such research , the younger generation of libertarian ( “ second ) economists ( “ first ” ) is contributing important empirical work that finds markets tend to do better than governments when it comes to enhancing prosperity .
Ludwig von Mises deserves much credit here , as he has had an impressive influence on these young scholars and the generation that preceded them in this regard .
To paraphrase Mises , capitalism is desirable in a normative sense because of its superiority in producing wealth , which economics demonstrates in a positive sense .
If socialism were the superior wealth creator , Mises points out , he would embrace socialism instead of capitalism .
Many in the younger generation agree wholeheartedly with Mises .
Thus , thorough going consequentialism is embedded in the thinking of young economists who work in this tradition .
Ironically , what J. Friedman has called “ economic imperialism ” also deserves much credit for this .
It ’s precisely this unswerving devotion to economic logic that has produced an unswerving devotion to consequentialist analysis .
“ Economic imperialism ” means there ’s no room for “ philosophical ” justifications .
“ Philosophical ” justifications are squeezed out by the pure logic of choice .
Most recently , in an effort to rescue the relevance of the “ straddle ” argument , Friedman has expanded his definition of “ libertarian straddling ” to include :
1. Analyses of foreign intervention .
2. Analyses of decentralized institutions of order .
Thus , “ straddling ” under his new and expanded definition refers not only to marshaling “ philosophical ” arguments when consequentialism puts one in a tough place , but also to a set of specific topics that are themselves “ off limits ” for some reason — even if their analyses are purely positive and fully consequentialist .
This is a curious way to redefine “ straddling . ”
Indeed , if taken seriously , this redefinition would have the bizarre effect of making the sizeable number of * explicitly non-libertarian * social scientists who analyze the topics J. Friedman points to guilty of “ libertarian straddling . ”
( See , for instance , the important work of Jack Hirshleifer , Avinash Dixit , Avner Greif , Robert Ellickson , Lisa Bernstein , and Karen Clay , among other top - flight scholars ) .
If this is what it takes to save the relevance of the “ libertarian straddle ” argument , its modern irrelevance could hardly be plainer .
It ’s time to put the “ straddle ” argument to bed .
Do you want to know how many bricks are produced per minute ?
How many bricks have been produced in history ?
What 's the best - selling set ever ?
What has been the worst ?
Do they recycle ?
How did they survive the crisis that almost killed them ?
How successful is Mindstorms ?
What are the actual names of each of the pieces ?
Why there are no blondes in Lego sets ?
Why there are extra pieces sometimes ?
Here 's the definitive mega- reference , straight from Lego .
Advertisement
I have organized all your questions in groups : about the company , environment , design , trivia , crazy questions , and the future .
Advertisement
Trivia
Why is there a hole in the head of the mini- figs now ?
We added this hole on the top of the head just in case any kids got one of the heads stuck on their throat .
That way they would be able to keep breathing .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
• Why did I always have pieces left over when I built my castle sets ?
Do they just do that to jack with kids ?
For two reasons : first , because some pieces are so small that they weigh too little to be measured by their scale , during packaging ( you will see this when I publish the factory tour .
J. )
Second , because it 's better to have too many of those pieces than have one of them missing .
Since we statistically know what pieces may get lost , we include some extras when appropriate .
• Why there are no blonde minifigs in the regular Lego sets ?
Because they will look bad with the yellow heads .
There are blondes , however , in the licensed lines , like Star Wars or Harry Potter .
Advertisement
• Why are n't Lego figures ever sold separately from the sets ?
Minifigures can be purchased separately on a limited basis .
Some of our Lego stores sell the minifigures separately .
You can also purchase minifigure pieces through Lego.com in the Pick - a - Brick wall .
Additionally , there is a set called Community Workers which features nothing but classic minifigures .
However , watch shelves in the coming year , you never know what you might find !
( What I want to know is where the heck can I buy stormtroopers helmets for all my minifigs .
J )
How Lego makes Imperial Stormtroopers
If you ever wondered where the Galactic Empire gets all those stormtroopers , look no further than …
Read more
Advertisement
• What do you call the different pieces internally ?
Any other name beyond bricks , like " flats " for the flat pieces or something similar ?
We refer to the standard pieces as bricks .
Flat pieces are either plates ( these have studs and are 1/3 the height of a Lego brick ) or tiles ( these are the flat pieces with no studs ) .
Everything is referred to by its stud count , so a classic Lego bricks is referred to as a 2x4 .
Carry that out , and you can see there are 1x2s and 2x3s and 1x8s and on and on and on …
• Why did you change the color palette ?
The color palette changes as our themes change .
However , our basic brick colors —red , yellow , blue , green , black and white — will always remain as staples in the assortment .
Advertisement
• Why do n't Duplo blocks integrate with Quatro blocks like the regular Lego bricks integrate with Duplo ?
Duplo bricks are indeed compatible with Quatro bricks , just as Lego bricks are compatible with Duplo bricks .
Lego provides the only building system that is compatible from birth to collector !
• I want you to ask the Lego gang for the definitive answer on the plural for Lego bricks .
Is it , as we Brits say , simply Lego , or is it , as some Americans insist , Legos ?
Actually both the Brits and the Americans are wrong — but are all forgiven !
" Lego " is an adjective and is not meant to be a standalone name .
It should always be Lego bricks , Lego building , Lego products , etc .
Advertisement
• Why there are no black minifigs ?
When the minifigure was first introduced 30 years ago , it was given the iconic yellow skin tone to reflect the non-specific and transcendental quality of a child 's imagination .
In 2002 , as more licensed properties were added to the assortment , the decision was made to introduce ethnic and skin tones more in keeping with the actual characters and personalities who were being replicated .
This included the introduction of black minifigures .
However , these ethnic minifigures are only used in our licensed sets , all Lego playthemes continue to use the generic yellow face .
About the company
• How many Lego bricks are produced each year ?
Approximately 19 billion Lego elements are produced per year .
2.16 million are molded every hour , 36,000 every minute .
Advertisement
• Approximately , how many bricks they 've ever made since Lego started to produce them ?
More than 400 billion Lego bricks have been produced since 1958 .
There are about 62 Lego bricks per person of the Earth 's population .
• How many Lego sets do they manufacture per year ?
The number of sets varies per time of year and per year .
In the U.S. , we launch on average 130 new sets per year .
Approximately 7
Lego sets are sold every second around the world .
Advertisement
• How much money do they make per piece ?
Because we have so many specialized pieces , the average cost per piece is difficult to name .
For example , a 2x4 Lego brick does not require the complexity to produce as a Lego minifigure or a Lego fence piece .
The molds that we use to create Lego elements are very expensive to design and produce .
• When can we buy ANY Lego element on shop .
Lego.com ( and maybe get recommended replacement suggestions if they are not available ) .
If I will pay $ 300 + for a GREAT Lego Technic model used on eBay , I certainly would have no problems dropping the same into one of my own creations ?
We are always working to improve the assortment of pieces available through our Pick a Brick service .
Right now we have over 900 elements available .
Unlike the traditional toy retail business , it 's more difficult for us to project which individual pieces or elements will be in demand in a given time period .
For example , we know that kids like Lego sets with wheels .
So if a new set has wheels , we look at other sets historically that have wheels to predict the demand .
But in an individual brick fulfillment , we have no way to know when someone may decide to build a six - foot monster that is orange , thereby requiring a huge amount of orange bricks .
As a result , we currently limit the number of bricks available so that we can maintain healthy inventory and prevent consumer frustration , but also test to see what people want the most on a piece by piece basis .
Advertisement
• Why is Lego so expensive ?
Quality and safety are the top concerns for the Lego Group .
To ensure the best and safest products , Lego bricks are made with the highest quality materials , which does factor into the cost .
Using premium materials ensures that the product is not only safe , but that it is durable enough to hand down from generation to generation .
[ I was told in the factory that their tests show that no bricks have ever decomposed or released any chemical substances .
-J ]
• I 'd like you to ask the Lego guys , why they do n't have all the parts available for order as singletons or in bulk on their web site ?
See above .
Advertisement
• I 'm curious as to why they discontinue series and sets more rapidly now than they did in the past .
It used to be that a series could be counted on for multiple years , now it 's barely 12 months and they 're " no longer produced . "
Is this marketing ?
Logistics ?
Or are trends really changing that fast in their market these days ?
The toy business has become a very fast - paced and competitive world — almost mimicking the fashion industry in how quickly things come and go as fads .
The life of a typical Lego play theme line can range anywhere from one to three years .
However , there are certain themes — like Space and Castle — that we consider evergreen themes , and those are rotated in and out over the course of a few years .
When a theme is a classic , we often maintain the theme , but rotate the new models on a shorter term to maintain novelty and interest in the market .
• Will Lego sell bulk bricks again ?
The Lego Group has never stopped selling bulk bricks .
Our Creative Building buckets and tubs are available at all major and specialty retailers .
New boxes of bricks are also available .
Additionally , if you 're in the area of a Lego store you can stop at a Pick - a - Brick wall or visit the Pick - a - Brick section of Lego.com .
Advertisement
• Has the Mindstorm 's investment paid off ?
The Mindstorms product line has been an incredibly successful venture for the company .
The Mindstorms RIS 2.0 is the # 1 selling product in the company 's history , and there are over 1 million RCX bricks that have been sold .
Mindstorms NXT , the next generation of the original robotics toolset , also has been very successful .
• What country buys the most Lego sets per person ?
Germany is the number - one Lego market , in fact , Lego is the number - one toy company in Germany .
The top - selling lines in Germany are Lego TECHNIC and Lego CITY .
The U.S. is the second largest market , with the top - selling lines being BIONICLE and Lego Star Wars .
Advertisement
• How did they re-launch the company when it was almost bankrupt ?
As a company we were very lucky to have survived our crisis .
We had some very rocky years , but it was our fans who got us back on track .
We were trying to do too many things and deviated from what we do best : classic building .
To regain our footing , we went back to basics and focused on the brick and those core themes on which our company foundation was built , like City and Castle .
We also shed the things that were not related to the toy business — we licensed out our video game development to the best partners and we sold off our theme parks .
Thankfully for us , our fans were patient and welcomed us back with open arms .
Fortunately , no matter how much the market changes and kids tastes vary , there will always be room for classic Lego play .
• What is the best selling Lego set ever made ?
The Lego Mindstorms Robotics Invention System set is the best - selling Lego set ever .
Over 1 million of these have been sold globally since their launch .
Advertisement
• What theme was the worst selling one they have made ?
A few years back , we strayed too far from our core product line when we entered into an action figure line called Galidor .
With no traditional Lego construction elements , it proved to be unfamiliar to Lego fans who expect a certain kind of play experience from the Lego brand .
• What theme is the best seller , excluding Basic sets and town ?
Every country has a different best - seller and as we rotate themes in and out different themes rise to the top .
Over the last 50 years we have seen that Town , Space , Castle and Pirates are the evergreen themes that seem to always have a place in the hearts of Lego fans .
Right now , Lego CITY is the number - one theme around the world , and other global best - sellers include Lego Star Wars , BIONICLE and Lego Indiana Jones .
Advertisement
• Why do n't they ( Lego online shop ) ship Lego to Hong Kong ?
We are always looking to extend the reach of our Lego products and where they are sold and shipped .
Currently , Lego products are sold in stores in Hong Kong .
Environment
• What happens to all the bad pieces ?
Is there a Lego heaven ?
Do they recycle them ?
Due to the precision of the brick molding machines , there are very few " bad " pieces — only 18 elements in every million produced fail to meet the company 's high standards .
Extra pieces or pieces from boxes that are caught on the line and identified as missing pieces or have boxes that are slightly damaged are used for donation boxes that are distributed to underprivileged children 's organizations around the world .
Advertisement
• Why there is no recycling program for all the plastic they produce ?
Lego Bricks are recyclable , just not in the way that most people think of recycling .
Lego bricks are one of those things that never break and most people pass them down from generation to generation , thus keeping them alive .
Also , during production we recycle all of the residual plastic used .
In the molding machines , we crunch any faulty elements and put the granulate back in to the mold .
Plastic that we can no longer use is sold to industries that can make use of them .
• Is the plastic currently used to form
Lego the same as it was 20 years ago ?
The plastic is almost the exact same plastic used 20 years ago .
Slight changes to the mix have occurred , but the quality has remained the same .
Advertisement
Design
• How much the tooling costs are ?
Who makes them ?
The price of a single mold is very high .
Most of them are made in Germany .
Advertisement
• How much is Lego considering the Adult fans vs the children when designing sets ?
When we design sets , we take both children and adults into consideration .
Children are our primary audience , especially as it relates to the core play theme sets ; however , much of what appeals to children in today 's Lego sets has strong appeal among adult fans as well .
With Lego Star Wars , adults are equally considered .
In designing any set , it 's about the balance between the building experience and the play experience .
We do also leverage our direct to consumer channels to provide ultimate collectors sets , special exclusives , sculptures and models that are designed with skilled builders and adult fans in mind .
We sometimes even invite our adult fans to help us design new sets .
Mindstorms NXT is a great example of how we worked together with adult fans to determine what the set would include , with a particular focus on ensuring that the end result was as compelling for a child as it was for an adult user .
We continually look to our community of both kids and adults to ensure that we are meeting and exceeding expectations .
Advertisement
• Why did they changed the founders rule to never make gun like elements ?
The company still has a no gun policy when it comes to realistic or military play scenarios .
However , in order to stay true to the strong licensed properties we incorporate to the Lego portfolio , we need to stay true to those properties and sometimes that involves including weapons .
In our own play themes , some element of good vs. bad conflict is typically considered to provide for role play opportunities .
In those instances , the setting is very clearly a fantasy world .
( Fortunately , there are third - parties who do this , like the amazing people from Brickarms .
J )
Advertisement
• I would like to know why they are using so many specialized pieces in their sets now instead of using more " basic " bricks that allow for greater building outside the set the pieces came in .
Why have Lego sets for the latest few generations been dummied down ?
This is an impression that many people have but , in fact , the piece count has been reduced drastically and there 's a move back to roots in Lego , not only for creativity but to save money .
Lego went from 12,000 different pieces to 6,800 in the last few years - a number that includes the color variations .
• Why do they use so many ' cheater ' bricks ... i.e. , instead of stacking 4 1x2 bricks they produced a 1x2x4 brick .
Or those HUGE chunks uses for castle walls .
Sure it speeds construction , but it reduces creativity / playability .
Sometimes larger bricks are used to help kids ease into building and help them complete the model faster so that they can get to the play experience .
We have learned that there are many different types of builders out there — some are all about the building experience , but some are about the play experience .
We try to balance our portfolio to appeal to both groups .
Advertisement
• Has the decision to make faces other than the smiley face caused problems in any markets ?
Changing the minifigure faces first happened in 1989 with the introduction of the Pirates line .
Since that time , we have had very few questions from consumers .
For those Lego purists out there , we have left the original smiley in the assortment so that a familiar face is always there .
• I would like to know what happened to the good old days of really complex , lifelike models ?
I have some of the old classics still like the Semi Truck with the pneumatic crane on the back , the JCB Excavator , the all wheel steer sports car , the Ferrari esque car with the 4 speed gearbox ...
Where did models like this go ?
We still have awesome Lego TECHNIC sets and models that carry extreme levels of detail and functionality .
They are n't always available in the mass retail channels , so you often need to look for them on Lego.com or other specialty retailers .
Advertisement
• How long do they take to develop a theme , all the sets , start to finish ?
Over the past few years we have been able to dramatically decrease the time it takes to develop and produce a new set .
The average development period is now about 12 months from start to finish , down from 2 - 3 years previously .
• What 's with all the stickers lately ?
Do n't they pre-print anything anymore ?
And if you have to take the stickers off to disassemble the sets , why not have replacement sheets available on Shop - at - home ?
Certain elements are still pre-printed ; however , we find that the stickers allow for even more details and more realism in any given set .
We understand that it can be frustrating sometimes , and encourage anyone with questions to contact our Consumer Services department .
Advertisement
Crazy questions
• Any plan to sell real - life brick - size Lego pieces ?
I want to build an actual house .
We have no plans at this time to sell real - life brick - size Lego pieces .
You 'll just have to build your house of normal materials for the time being .
Advertisement
• Why do Lego look so delicious but taste so bad ?
As your parents probably told you when you were young , there are some things that should n't be eaten .
Lego bricks are one of them .
Please keep them away from your mouth .
• Are bricks available in truly staggering quantities , for artists wishing to explore the possibilities of Lego as a medium for large scale sculpture ?
We always encourage creativity and love our Lego artists .
Unfortunately at this time we do n't have a system put in place to sell staggering quantities .
Pick - A - Brick and buckets and tubs are the best solution for those looking for large quantities of classic bricks .
Advertisement
• Where can I buy a legit golf shirt with the Lego logo embroidered on it ?
Lego shirts tend to come in and out of the assortment .
Currently , we do not have a golf shirt in the assortment , but keep checking back !
• When will Lego 's produce a beer stein kit complete with a tap ?
We love your creativity , but the Lego Group probably wo n't be producing a beer stein kit in the near or distant future ; however , if you are so inclined , you can design your own on LegoFactory.com .
Advertisement
The future
• Any plans to refresh old sets like Blacktron or the monorail ?
We are constantly looking back at the past to help shape the sets of the future .
As of now there are no plans to refresh these sets , but what 's to come is always a mystery .
Advertisement
• Would you include Mindstorm technology in normal Lego sets ?
In 2007 we introduced the Lego Power Function system , which allows models to come to life using motors and sensors without the programming feature of Mindstorms .
For those looking to combine Lego building with Mindstorms technology everything is compatible .
• Why do n't you use LEDs ?
Currently we do not use LEDs , but our designers are always coming up with new and exciting ways to enhance the building experience .
Advertisement
• I know you do Lego Ferris wheels , but have you ever consider a Lego roller coaster ?
In deciding what products will go to market , there are numerous factors that we have to consider .
As a global company , we try to pick products that have global appeal .
We also look for models that have the best building and play experience .
Our model designers are always coming up with new and great ideas , roller coasters may be included in that , it 's just a matter of making sure it works in the current assortment .
• Would you consider doing Lego sets based on famous history scenes , for education ?
Anything is a possibility with the Lego System .
We have created models of famous landmarks , like the Statue of Liberty and the Eiffel Tower , and we have an Education division that is always coming up with new ideas .
But if you do n't want to wait for this one to surface , there 's always Lego Factory where you can design and build your own historic scenes .
Advertisement
• I really wish they were n't discontinuing their 9V electrified rail train sets .
My question is why ?
As a company , we are very focused on the core bricks and developing the " system of play . "
With the recent development of the Lego Power System , we are able to replace several non compatible applications with one electric system .
Unfortunately , this means that we are moving from two systems with trains to one coherent system .
• Will Lego continue to reach out to a more adult audience with more intricate and larger sets ?
Our adult audience is very important to us and we will continue to produce the larger , more intricate sets , which are typically found in our direct to consumer channels and other specialty retailers .
The latest introduction is the Lego Star Wars Death Star .
Advertisement
• Where are the clear Lego ?
Glow - in - the - dark ?
Recycled ?
Corn Plastic ?
Rubber ?
LED Illuminated ?
Rustic ?
New products and elements are always in development .
We have had glow - in - the dark parts in several sets in the last few years , and we also have light bricks in select sets .
We use rubber to produce Lego tires — did you know we 're the world 's largest producer of vehicle tires ?
• When will the 9v train tracks and motors be coming back to factory ?
Unfortunately , the 9v train tracks are being phased out and we are moving toward a more coherent system using the Lego Power System .
Advertisement
• Does Lego have plans for Wi -Fi connections for Mindstorm ?
Mindstorms NXT includes Bluetooth capability for wireless communication and downloads .
• Will Lego produce trikes and the old bikes again ?
As of now there are no plans to produce trikes and old bikes .
Advertisement
We have a very strong licensing department who are always working with leading manufacturers to identify new categories and products that can carry the Lego brand name .
• When will the new train sets be introduced ?
Our designers , as well as some faithful fans are working hard to get the new trains ready for market .
We expect that these sets will be on sale in 2009 .
More details to follow !
Advertisement
• Why do n't we get the serious RC stuff in the US ?
RC models are available in the U.S. Check your local retailer , or visit the Lego shop .
• i just started to get into the Lego trains and purchased the remote control set with extra tracks ... now they are not available !
There was talk of a new series of trains but I can't find the reference now .
The question is simply : what 's the plan for Lego train sets ?
See question above
Advertisement
• Why wo n't they bring back for good the space theme ?
The space theme is an evergreen theme for us .
We currently have Lego Star Wars and Lego Mars Mission themes to satisfy consumer demand for space themed building .
• Are there any chances that Lego will ever start producing modern day warfare Lego , with tanks and helicopters and what not ?
We have a strict policy regarding military models , and therefore , we do not produce tanks , helicopters , etc .
While we always support the men and women who serve their country , we prefer to keep the play experiences we provide for children in the realm of fantasy .
Advertisement
• Could you ask them if they plan to do another Star Wars robots Mindstorms set please ?
As of now there are no plans to come out with a new Star Wars robot kit ; however , we encourage all of our fans to create their own .
• I am a major fan of the Star Wars Lego , I have the Death Star on my coffee table , and I was wondering I they were ever going to make models based on the expanded universe ?
With the Star Wars franchise , anything is possible !
Keeps your eyes open for exciting new things .
Advertisement
• When are they going to be releasing an advanced model of the Batman rambler ?
As of now there are no plans to release this model .
Thanks to all the readers who submitted all these questions .
Please note that some of the questions you sent about licenses were not included because the Lego people are as secretive about their future products as Apple is .
Click to view
Why do so many amazing novels sprawl into so - so trilogies ?
Let alone blah tetralogies , or dull ten - book series ?
Blame " Herbert 's Syndrome , " in which a great writer gets tempted to keep writing about a popular universe , like Frank Herbert 's Dune , long after its expiration date .
( The Fantasy Review coined the term " Herbert 's Syndrome " back in 1984 , so Brian Herbert did n't enter into it . )
Here 's a handy guide to the symptoms and causes of Herbert 's unfortunate ailment .
Advertisement
The sprawling saga that loses the thread is a more common problem in fantasy books than in science fiction — think the Robert Jordan 's Wheel Of Time , or Marion Zimmer Bradley 's Darkover books .
But science fiction still has its own never - ending stories that really ought to end .
Here are the biggest problems :
Changing the rules :
When I first read To Your Scattered Bodies Go by Philip Jose Farmer , I was incredibly excited by its story of an artificial planet where everybody who 's ever lived comes back to life .
Until I got to the end of the book and realized it was actually Book One in a long series , and none of my nagging questions about the resurrection planet , Riverworld , would be answered for another three or four books .
I was even more annoyed when a friend of mine told me that Farmer changes the rules of Riverworld after the first book , to make it easier to keep spinning out tales .
I think there my have been some book - throwing involved .
Advertisement
The heir apparent .
As I mentioned , a reviewer coined the term " Herbert 's Syndrome " in 1984 , when Frank Herbert was still alive and had yet to publish his sixth Dune novel , Chapterhouse : Dune .
The reviewer defined it as when " a large advance induces a good writer to extend a successful series beyond its natural span . "
You may have your own opinions about whether six Dune books were too many — but since Herbert 's death , his son Frank and his collaborator Kevin J. Anderson have already written seven Dune books , with more on the way .
Say it with me : " The cash must flow . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The neat trilogy that becomes a messy tetralogy , and more .
The first two Hitchhiker 's Guide To The Galaxy books by Douglas Adams seemed pretty well - rounded , encompassing more or less the same arc as the original radio series and TV series .
So I was a little nervous about the third book , Life , The Universe And Everything , but it was still a fun ride and seemed to move things forward .
I was less thrilled by the fourth volume in what Adams called " the increasingly inaccurately named Hitchhiker 's trilogy . "
So Long And Thanks For All
The Fish , felt sort of anemic , as if Adams really did n't have any more ideas for the series , but he needed the Ningis .
And then I think I read the fifth volume , but I have no memory of it whatsoever .
The need to explain the meaning of everything .
Feminist science fiction blogger Liz Henry says this is where many series break down :
People write a series , and then they feel the need to finish it off and Explain it and they go all mystical and metaphysical .
[ They ] try to solve every giant Burning Issue of Existence and good and evil , and why does the universe exist at all , and [ the meaning of ] utopia .
So often , you get the underlying Manifesto or attempt to come up with a coherent philsopy of the author , but all too often , you sure wish they had n't .
By the time Herbert hits God Emperor of Dune , he has gone compeltely mad , trying to explain Everything , and there is no plot any more .
Advertisement
Another example : Gene Wolfe 's Urth Of The New Sun , which is a follow - up to the four - book Book Of The New Sun series .
In the Urth books , Wolfe tries to tie everything from the first series together , while throwing in a lot of mystical ideas , including kabbalah .
Advertisement
The random left turn .
Isaac Asimov gave into fans ' pressure , after a thirty - year gap , and started writing more Foundation novels again .
And few would argue that Foundation 's Edge or Foundation And Earth are in the same league as the original trilogy .
One major problem : a slew of new characters , including one who 's introduced right at the end of Foundation And Earth , who might have played a bigger role in a final Foundation book , had Asimov written one .
But in the end , it just feels as though Asimov is floundering a bit , in the unnecessary sequels .
The miraculous save .
In Suzette Haden Elgin 's Native Tongue series , there 's a clan of women and children who become language experts , and learn a ton of alien languages so they can serve as translators .
But over time , they create their own secret language that the men do n't understand .
Which is great , but then in the third book , suddenly the women discover that they can eat sounds .
They can survive by ingesting noises — sort of like a plant 's photosynthesis , except noisier .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The shrinking protagonist .
Harry Harrison 's Stainless Steel
Rat books become less and less fun , as his roguish protagonist , Slippery Jim DiGriz , becomes more and more of a pussycat .
But worse yet is when we get a new protagonist whose story cheapens our original hero , like Bean in Orson Scott Card 's Ender 's Shadow .
To be fair , why should n't novels go on and on and on ?
It 's what movies do , with their endless sequels .
And TV series — who really thinks Smallville deserves an eighth season ?
On the other hand , the thing that makes novels superior to other media is the fact that they have a single author , who puts his / her stamp on them .
When that one person runs out of ideas , the novels themselves start to deflate .
Advertisement
With TV , movies , comics and other media , as long as the corporate copyright - holder can find another Akiva Goldsman or Roberto Orci to spin out a new idea , you can have endless installments .
In theory , no TV series ever needs to go stale , as long as the writers have the grace to leave when they run out of ideas .
( Which almost never happens . )
It 's a bit harder with books though — and I like picking up a novel and discovering a new universe for the first time .
@MotownWonker : Mitch Hedberg , anyone ?
" So , a lot of times I 'll drive for like ten miles with the emergency brake on .
That does n't say a lot for me , but it really does n't say a lot for the *emergency brake * .
It 's really not an emergency brake , it 's an emergency make - the - car - smell - funny lever . "
Anyhow .
It was flipping towards the end there , the back coming up over the top of it ...
I wanted another couple seconds to see it just plant right back onto its roof .
Skyrocketing gas prices and rising energy demands have policymakers considering some of the same bad policies of the 1970s .
Chief among these are windfall profits taxes , setting price controls on oil and using subsidies to pick winners and losers .
The French , on the other hand , took a different approach in the 1970s — sort of .
They decided turn to nuclear energy to reduced its dependence on foreign oil .
By developing an energy policy that was consistent with French values and national strengths , it transformed its energy profile .
Before France became the nuclear leader it is today , most of the country ’s electricity came from oil burning plants .
Undoubtedly , the country felt the effects of the 1970s oil shocks when a barrel increased four - fold .
Not being rich in natural resources , legislators in France turned to nuclear energy .
As a result ,
“ Over the next 15 years France installed 56 nuclear reactors , satisfying its power needs and even exporting electricity to other European countries . ”
Today nuclear power provides about 80 % of France ’s electricity .
Not only has nuclear power been critical to replacing fossil fuels as a source for electricity production , but it is also effective in reducing greenhouse gas emissions , including the much maligned carbon dioxide .
Moreover , France has proven that nuclear waste can be safely and comprehensively managed , which is often a sticking point among nuclear power skeptics .
Unlike the U.S. , who banned the practice in the 1970’s , France recycles its used nuclear fuel .
The result is more energy and less high - level waste .
In fact ,
“ France ’s La Hague plant has safely processed over 23,000 tones of used fuel–enough to power France for fourteen years . ”
Nuclear power is n’t the answer for the United States simply because the French do it .
Nor should the U.S. follow France ’s centralized approach to expanding nuclear power .
The important takeaway is that France used the oil spikes of the 1970s as the impetus to develop a clean , safe affordable source of power to transform its energy profile and become less dependent on oil .
It then developed a practical and comprehensive strategy to assure the sustainability of is energy production sector .
The U.S. is facing a similar situation today .
While a new nuclear plant wo n’t likely come online for another seven years , more nuclear power could help the U.S. be prepared for the next energy shock .
At 10:40 a.m. tomorrow on CNBC ’s “ Squawk on the Street , ” Research Fellow Jack Spencer will discuss what can be learned from the French about energy independence .
Manage Your Energy , Not Your Time
Subscribe to Portfolio magazine
What 's the airline - industry jargon for unconventional wisdom ?
Southwest Airlines .
By some estimates , the country 's major carriers have consumed perhaps $ 100 billion in capital during the past decade , but Southwest Airlines continues to be profitable .
It 's been in the black for 33 consecutive years and , last week , for the 127th consecutive quarter , it paid a modest dividend .
Its balance sheet , with about $ 3 billion in cash on hand and $ 600 million in available credit , is the envy of an otherwise fuel - price - ravaged industry .
Its competitors among the network carriers — American , United , Delta , Continental , Northwest and US Airways — are shrinking passenger capacity by more than 10 percent and grounding hundreds of aircraft starting in the fall .
Southwest will add a handful of daily flights .
It will take delivery of another dozen aircraft next year and still plans to grow by 2 to 3 percent .
And Southwest now carries more passengers annually ( 101 million last year ) than any other U.S. carrier , a nifty trick for an airline that did n't fly outside Texas at the dawn of deregulation in 1978 .
Even the fickle financial markets , which have long discounted Southwest 's relentless growth and steady profits , have finally taken note .
As oil prices doubled in the past year , share prices of the six network carriers have slid , with the drop - offs ranging from 76 to 94 percent .
Southwest 's decline has been more modest , within a point of the Dow's 21 percent 52 - week drop .
As a result , Southwest 's market capitalization yesterday ( about $ 9.7 billion ) is now more than the combined $ 5.7 billion market cap of its Big Six competitors .
What does Southwest know that no one else in airlines does ?
It keeps things simple and consistent , which drives costs down , maximizes productive assets , and helps manage customer expectations .
One Plane Fits All
Unlike the network carriers and their commuter surrogates , which operate all manner of regional jets , turboprops , and narrow - body and wide - body aircraft , Southwest flies just one plane type , the Boeing 737 series .
That saves Southwest millions in maintenance costs — spare - parts inventories , mechanic training and other nuts - and - bolts airline issues .
It also gives the airline unique flexibility to move its 527 aircraft throughout the route network without costly disruptions and reconfigurations .
Point - to - Point Flying
Network carriers rely on a hub - and - spoke system , which laboriously collects passengers from " spoke " cities , flies them to a central " hub " airport , and then redistributes them to other spokes .
Not Southwest .
Most of its flying is nonstop between two points .
That minimizes the time that planes sit on the ground at crowded , delay - prone hubs and allows the average Southwest aircraft to be in the air for more than an hour longer each day than a similarly sized jet flown by a network carrier .
Southwest 's avoid - the - hubs strategy also pays dividends in on - time operations .
According to FlightStats , Southwest 's 78 percent on - time performance in June is eight percentage points higher than the industry average and higher than that of any of its major competitors .
Simple In - Flight Service
Business travelers have n't always loved Southwest 's über - simple service , but it 's looking better and better as competitors cut back .
There is just one class of service , a decent coach cabin that is slightly more spacious than those of Southwest 's competitors .
There are no assigned seats .
There have never been meals , just beverages and snacks .
Keeping it basic allows Southwest to unload a flight , clean and restock the plane , and board another flight full of passengers in as little as 20 minutes compared with as much as 90 minutes on a network airline .
Airline efficiency experts say that the savings allow each Southwest jet to fly an extra flight per day .
Extra flights mean extra revenue .
No Frills , No Fees
As other carriers have rushed to remove perks and pile on fees and restrictions , Southwest has kept its customer proposition streamlined and transparent .
The airline only sells one - way fares and only in a few price " buckets . "
That not only keeps costs down — complex fare structures are expensive to manage — it convinces fliers that they are getting value for money .
Prices are all - inclusive too .
Southwest does n't have fuel surcharges , does n't charge for standby travel or ticket changes , and continues to permit travelers to check two pieces of luggage free .
And since every seat on every flight is virtually identical , travelers know exactly what they will get when they make a purchase .
Strong Management
The public face of Southwest Airlines for a generation , hard - drinking , chain - smoking , always - leave - 'em laughing Herb Kelleher , finally stepped away from the carrier earlier this year .
Kelleher 's bonhomie masked the discipline that Southwest has had throughout its history .
The airline has always avoided fads and eschewed anything that increased costs or complicated the basic travel proposition .
When it has changed — last year it ended its infamous cattle - call boarding process to favor its most frequent fliers and highest - fare customers — it has done so without slowing down the movement of aircraft .
Management ranks are lean , but well compensated and , most importantly , productive .
I once calculated that the top executives of Southwest generated 10 times more revenue per dollar of compensation than did the C - suite types at some of the network carriers .
A Relatively Happy Workforce
Network carriers have railed for decades about the power of their employee unions .
But guess who 's the most unionized carrier in the nation ?
Southwest , of course .
The airline says that 87 percent of its employees belong to a union .
Southwest has never had a strike , and now that the network carriers have whacked away at salaries and benefits , Southwest staffers are generally the highest paid in the industry .
But since Southwest has about 30 percent fewer employees per aircraft than its network competitors , it has the lowest non-fuel C.A.S.M. ( cost per available seat mile ) of any of the major carriers .
Aggressive Fuel Hedging
Rampaging fuel prices now represent around 40 percent of an airline 's costs , but , as usual , Southwest Airlines has been ahead of the curve .
Since 1999 , the airline 's aggressive fuel - hedging program has saved it an estimated $ 3.5 billion .
In the first quarter , for example , it paid $ 1.98 a gallon for fuel , approximately a dollar less than its network competitors .
And Southwest 's future position is admirable :
It is 70 percent hedged at $ 51 a barrel through the end of the year and 55 percent hedged at the same price next year .
In a world of $ 140 - a - barrel oil , suggesting that any airline is a guaranteed winner is beyond hubris .
But this much can be said : Southwest Airlines is sitting on a pile of cash and fuel hedges and has a proven and easily adaptable service model .
And history shows that Southwest has comfortably survived every airline - industry downturn , then grown rapidly and profited hugely when the business cycle turns .
The Fine Print …
British Airways announced last week that it would buy L'Avion , the French carrier that flies all - business - class jets between Newark and Paris .
B.A. says that it will integrate L'Avion with its own boutique carrier , OpenSkies , which launched last month .
L'Avion was the last of the four independent all - business - class trans -Atlantic carriers that have launched since 2005 .
The others — Maxjet , Eos , and Silverjet — all folded in the past seven months .
There would seem , at first , to be many alternatives to killing .
Besides mesh and electric fences , there are nets to cast over trees and gardens ; foul scents with names like Not Tonight , Deer ; and home remedies like sprinkling cayenne pepper around the tomatoes and dumping used cat litter into woodchuck holes .
There are scarecrows in the north and fake alligators in the south , and household pets to scare predators away or to do the gardeners ’ dirty work .
There are capture - and - release traps .
But none of these methods work all the time , and some , depending on the species you are trying to catch and the area in which you live , may not even be legal .
The New York State Environmental Protection Law , for example , forbids anyone but a state Nuisance Wildlife Control Operator from transporting a wild animal , which puts the kibosh on the use of capture - and - release traps .
Trapping and moving animals may not be in their best interests , either : a backyard suburban squirrel , transported to a forest , is easy prey for hawks and foxes , said John Hadidian , the director of urban wildlife programs for the Humane Society of the United States and the primary author of “ Wild Neighbors : The Humane Approach to Living With Wildlife . ”
( The book suggests tolerance as its first choice for everything from bats to rats . )
And releasing an animal in a more familiar setting may not be in your neighbors ’ best interests .
“ We have yet to find anyone in outlying areas who says , ‘ We love raccoons , please bring your humanely trapped critters here and let them go , ’ ” says Wendell Martin , a retired engineer who has a five - acre garden in Meridian , Idaho , near Boise .
Raccoons have uprooted and upended his water lilies to find snails .
Mr. Martin finally borrowed a .22 and shot them .
It was not an ethical problem for him , he says  the animals are overpopulated in his area  but it was not easy emotionally .
( This year there seem to be fewer of them , and he has been trying to protect his plants with wire mesh . )
Then there are the difficulties that can arise when transporting a wild animal .
Jessica DuLong , a Brooklyn writer and marine engineer , managed to grow a fruit - bearing cherry tree on her roof , but even in the wake of what she calls the Great Cherry Massacre of 2007 she was not interested in punishing the squirrels who preyed on it .
She trapped one in a live animal trap and set out to Prospect Park with good intentions .
Unfortunately , the squirrel had no way of knowing this .
It threw itself against the walls of the cage with such ferocity it cut itself ; it defecated ; it ran back and forth inside the long cage in a frenzy so that the cage flipped up and down like a manic miniature seesaw .
New Yorkers , seeing a fluffy tail in distress , yelled at the human involved .
“ This entire class of preschool kids was out in one of their little preschool wagons , and the squirrel is looking rabid and bleeding at the mouth , ” she says .
“ It was not what I had in mind when I started this humanitarian project . ”
SCEE boss David Reeves has admitted he is unsure if Sony will stick to offering only the 40 GB PS3 unit .
Speaking to Eurogamer , he hinted towards the possibility of introducing official external hard drives as he delivered his vision of consumer storage choice .
" We launched with 60 GB and to reduce the price we went to 40 GB .
We 're not sure we want to stay with that configuration of hard drive , and I think what you 're going to see in the future is maybe consumers can choose , " Reeves told Eurogamer .
" The PlayStation will stay the same , but consumers can choose whichever size of hard drive they want .
They can now , or course , because it 's not a proprietary hard drive . "
" It might be that we will offer the possibility for people to have a bigger hard drive , but they have that option now .
But it does not mean that we have anything in the works to introduce a different model or bigger hard drive built in , " added Reeves .
You can plug external hard drives into the PS3 using a USB cable attachment , as Reeves pointed out , as well as buy 2.5 inch SATA ( laptop ) hard drives and swap them with the one inside your console .
The key in all of this for Sony is simplicity , because it knows that works .
It also has a very low system failure rate and is in no rush to upset it .
" We 've played the games with the hardware , with different hard drives and things like that , and we want to keep it very , very simple .
We know that works , " said Reeves .
" We 've got a very , very low return rate on the machines that are out ; we 've got a great supplier , so we 'll keep that simple .
We 're just going to play the tunes with the games , both at retail and online . "
Mother 's anger turns to delight after her baby survives an abortion
Finley Crampton really should n't be here .
Although his parents would have loved another child , they knew their baby could inherit a life - threatening kidney condition – and they could n't take the risk .
After all , their first son had died of the condition and the second was born with serious kidney damage .
So when Finley 's mother , Jodie Percival , became pregnant while on the Pill , she and her fiance Billy Crampton , 35 , made the agonising decision to abort this child .
Survivor : Jodie Percival and baby Finley who survived an abortion
' Deciding to terminate at eight weeks was just utterly horrible but I could n't cope with the anguish of losing another baby , ' said Miss Percival , 25 .
However , Finley had other ideas .
And some time after the operation , Miss Percival felt a fluttering in her stomach .
Eventually her doctor sent her for a scan – and she discovered she was 19 weeks pregnant .
The child had survived the abortion and thrived in the womb .
' I could n't believe it , ' said Miss Percival .
' This was the baby I thought I 'd terminated .
' At first I was angry that this was happening to us , that the procedure had failed .
' I wrote to the hospital , I could n't believe that they had let me down like this .
They wrote back and apologised and said it was very rare . '
But a week later , another scan confirmed that this baby had kidney problems too , like the couple 's previous children .
Miss Percival carries a gene which triggers multicystic dysplastic kidney – which causes cysts to grow on the kidneys of an unborn baby .
Her first baby , Thane , had lived for only 20 minutes after she was forced to deliver him prematurely .
Her second son , Lewis , now 20 months , was born with a similar condition .
He survives on one kidney .
However , doctors told the couple from Sutton - in - Ashfield , Nottinghamshire , that this child was likely to survive , so they decided he deserved a chance .
And in November , Finley was born three weeks premature , at 6 lb 3oz .
He had minor kidney damage but is expected to lead a normal life .
' I knew if that operation had n't failed he would n't have been there , ' said Miss Percival , a hairdresser .
' I just could n't believe that this child had got through it all and looked so perfect .
' He may need an operation but as only one of his kidneys is affected he can survive .
' I still struggle to believe just what he has fought through .
Now he 's here I would n't change it for the world . '
She ’s behind Barack Obama in popular votes , delegates and overall wins , but Hillary Rodham Clinton ‘s backers have found a new way to claim their candidate is on top – Electoral College votes .
It ’s the latest case Clinton boosters are making for why she is a stronger general - election candidate than Obama – and quickly drew return fire from the Obama campaign , which charged that she keeps changing the ground rules .
Clinton spokesman Phil Singer touted an idea yesterday first floated by supporter Indiana Sen .
Evan Bayh on CNN on Sunday , in which he argued that “ who carried the states with the most Electoral College votes is an important factor to consider because ultimately , that ’s how we choose the president of the United States . ”
Bayh was referring to factors that superdelegates – who could determine the nominee – should consider when deciding whom to back .
“ I think Evan Bayh makes a compelling point , which is that Sen.
Clinton has won and performed well in a number of the states that are going to be vital and will be general election battle grounds , ” he said .
By Electoral College votes in states won by each candidate , Clinton leads Obama , 219-202 .
Singer said the candidate who “ is going to be best able to accumulate the requisite 270 electoral votes ” should be a deciding factor in determining the nominee .
Obama spokesman Tommy Vietor shot back , “ With the Clinton campaign , the goalposts for winning the nomination seem to be in a perpetual state of motion – but the fact is , this is a race for delegates . ”
Vietor added , “ The notion that we ’re not going to win states like New York and California as the nominee is ludicrous . ”
Meanwhile , Clinton aides yesterday said she may have “ misspoke ” when she said she landed “ under sniper fire ” in a trip to Bosnia in 1996 .
Clinton spokesman Howard Wolfson said that there had been reports of nearby sniper fire , but that no shots were actually taken at the aircraft as it landed .
Also yesterday , Wolfson said the campaign has n’t decided whether to participate in a CBS debate to which Obama has committed in North Carolina on April 19 .
maggie.haberman@nypost.com
Britain can no longer believe what Americans tell us about torture , an MPs ' report to be published today claims .
They also call for an immediate investigation into allegations that the UK government has itself ' outsourced ' the torture of its own nationals to Pakistan .
In a damning criticism of US integrity , the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee said ministers should no longer take at face value statements from senior politicians , including George Bush , that America does not resort to torture in the light of the CIA admitting it used ' waterboarding ' .
The interrogation technique was unreservedly condemned by Foreign Secretary David Miliband , who said it amounted to torture .
A change in approach would have implications for extradition of prisoners to the US , especially in terror or security cases , as the UK has signed the UN convention which bars sending individuals to nations where they are at risk of being tortured .
During waterboarding , a person is tied to a board with their feet raised and cellophane wrapped around the head .
Water is then poured on to the face , causing the victim to start to drown .
Today 's committee report said there were ' serious implications ' of the striking inconsistencies between British ministers continuing to believe the Bush administration when it denies using torture .
' The UK can no longer rely on US assurances that it does not use torture , and we recommend that the government does not rely on such assurances in the future , ' said the committee .
' We also recommend that the government should immediately carry out an exhaustive analysis of current US interrogation techniques on the basis of such information as is publicly available or which can be supplied by the US . '
It also urges the government to press the US authorities for information on whether any American military flights landing in the UK were part of the ' rendition circuit ' , even if they did not have detainees on board at the time .
The government has repeatedly accepted US assurances that UK territory has not been used for ' rendition ' , the extra-judicial transfer of suspects between countries .
But in February , Miliband told the Commons he had been informed by the US that two rendition planes refuelled on the British territory of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean .
The MPs also urged the Foreign Office to investigate a Guardian report that six British nationals claimed to have been detained and tortured by the ISI , Pakistan 's intelligence agency , where they were also interrogated by British intelligence officers .
Foreign Minister Lord Malloch - Brown told the committee : ' We absolutely deny the charge that we have in any way outsourced torture to Inter - Services Intelligence [ ISI ] as a way of extracting information , either for court use or for use in counter - terrorism . '
The report also called on the Foreign Office to seek consular access to all British citizens , including those of dual nationality , detained in Pakistan and asked for an explanation from ministers why one of those detained was apparently denied consular access but was visited by a British official , who may have been an intelligence officer .
Tags
In the 1700s , the courtesans of Queen Catherine of Russia gave her tours along the Volga river where she witnessed a happy and thriving bourgeoisie living in clean and prosperous villages .
But this was all a show to cover disease , poverty , and misery that lay just behind the facade that had been erected for her benefit .
This is the origin of the phrase Potemkin Village , a place where a politically generated appearance covers a less impressive underside .
Europe is today filled with Potemkin Villages , none as successful as Denmark .
Denmark is often cited as an exemplary country within the EU , with an economic system that others should seek to emulate .
In the comparisons of GDP per capita , Denmark ranks consistently in the top ten worldwide , and often in the top five .
Denmark 's economic data for 2001 appear impressive :
Slow but balanced growth of 1.1 percent , down from 3.2 percent in 2000 .
Denmark has had higher growth than many other EU countries since the mid-1990s .
An inflation rate of 2.3 percent .
The inflation rate has not been above 3 percent since 1994 and not above 4 percent at all in the 1990s .
The long - term interest rate ( 10 - year ) has shown a steady decline from a level in 1990 of more than 10 per cent to today 's of just around 5 percent .
The short - term interest rate ( 3 - month ) likewise has shown a steady and even bigger decline over the period .
From 12 per cent in 1990 to just around 3.5 percent today .
An unemployment rate that is relatively low and falling .
The rate is now officially 5.2 percent , down from 12.2 percent in 1993 .
A budget surplus of 1.9 percent of GDP .
It is the 5th year in a row that the budget has been in surplus .
A fairly large surplus on the current account of 3.4 percent of GDP .
Denmark has had a surplus on the current account continuously in the 1990s , except for 1998 .
The Danish public debt as a percentage of the GDP has fallen for several years and is now approximately 45 percent instead of close to 80 percent in the early 1990s .
The Danish foreign public debt as a percentage of the GDP is also falling and is now approximately 15 percent instead of almost 40 percent in the early 1990s .
Denmark is the least corrupt country in the world according to surveys that measure such things .
Denmark also claims to have a population with a very robust work ethic , which is probably true .
All of this looks very good , at least on the surface .
But let us look at some other economic statistics that are not mentioned nearly as often .
Denmark has an entire population of 5,350,000 people .
Of them , 1,150,000 are below 18 years old .
Of the remaining 4,200,000 people , 2,214,000 people receive government transfer payments ( not counting 260,000 students that receive public scholarships of $ 550 per month ) .
When you recalculate these 2,214,000 people , of whom some receive only part - time government transfers , into people who live full - time on transfer income , the total becomes 1,590,000 people living off transfer payments .
Out of these 1,590,000 people , 710,000 are pensioners and the remaining approximately 900,000 are working - age people .
Most of them cannot be found in the unemployment statistics .
They are on other kinds of public transfer programs of which there exist ten different types .
There are approximately 1,900,000 people working in the private sector and 840,000 working in the public sector or publicly owned companies .
( The reason the numbers do not add up to 4.2 million is because not all are full time workers . )
We can conclude from this that of the people in the working age of 18 to 66 , more than one quarter live passively on government transfers ( full time ) .
For every 100 persons employed full time in 1999 , there were 33 working - age people receiving support .
Adding pensioners , the total number was 61 people on full time transfer income for each 100 full time employed persons .
( The pensioners are financed by a pay - as - you - go pension scheme ) .
And out of those who are employed , 31.5 percent work for the government .
All of this , of course , needs to be financed .
Denmark has therefore for many years had a very high and continuously increasing tax level .
In 2002 , the lowest marginal income tax level is 44.31 percent , then it increases to 49.77 percent and 63.33 percent .
Forty percent of the working people pay the top marginal tax rate of 63.33 percent , which applies to all income over $ 33,000 .
There are very few tax deductions available , and the tax value of the tax deductions is continuously being reduced .
A sales tax of 25 percent hits just about everything .
The capital gains tax is 59.7 percent for a private person in the high income tax bracket , unless you hold your investment for more than 3 years .
It then falls to 44.8 percent .
There are additional taxes on " sinful " and " luxury " products likes cigarettes , alcohol , candy , soft drinks , electronic goods , and other luxuries .
For cars , there is a 180 percent special tax on top of the sales tax of 25 percent .
Then there is a registration fee and a weight fee to be paid twice per year for the privilege of using the roads .
The price of gasoline is nearly three times as high as it is in the US .
Denmark imposes many new green taxes .
These are the taxes that have increased most substantially during the 1990s .
These taxes hit heating , electricity , water , and gasoline .
Real estate , which is already heavily taxed , has been the target of new taxes throughout the 1990s .
In addition , the tax value of deductions have been continuously reduced .
With Denmark , as with all of Europe , your perception of its economic status depends on which statistics you are looking at .
Also , your judgement of its economic status depends on your preferences ( is stability alone to be valued , or is freedom also important ? ) and your time horizon ( does it matter that all these taxes make Denmark far less prosperous than it otherwise would be ? ) .
Danish politicians proudly proclaims that Denmark is the most egalitarian country in the world .
They may be right .
The obsession with equality delivers a crushing , daily blow to anyone with a new idea or the inkling to cultivate an ability that surpasses the norm .
Young people have virtually no chance to improve their lot in life , to take risks , to make it big through innovation and entrepreneurship .
Excellent and hard work are not rewarded by a system that systematically levels the population into a huge homogenous middle class , whose standard of living advances only incrementally and in ways that flout economic priorities .
A total tax level that approaches 70 percent is a relentless and debilitating reminder that this country desires no personal economic achievement and no accumulation of wealth .
And yet many people seem to be happy with this system , somewhat like the masses of Huxley 's Brave New World .
Of course it sets up a dynamic that harms everyone in the long run , but people do n't seem to understand or care about this .
Equality and stability are regarded as more important than progress and freedom .
A heritage of honesty and hard work are marvelous tools for papering over the failures of welfarism and subtle servitude .
With the right attitude , even a prison population can settle into a comfortable and egalitarian existence , one that might even impress Queen Catherine passing by on a boat .
But lacking energy , enterprise , entrepreneurship , and freedom , such systems of economic control exact a huge toll with the passage of time .
Enlarge Text
Whirl is a bit like Scrabble against the clock .
You put together words from six scrambled letters for points .
Available on Social Gaming Network ( sgn.com ) on Facebook and elsewhere .
Social Gaming Network 's game bar on Facebook lets players know what other games their friends are playing on the network .
Enlarge PathWords is Tetris - like letter scramble in which you click on tiles to create words of three letters or more ; the more letters , the higher your score .
Host company Zynga.com also has its own social bar that displays on social networks to let players know if friends are online and what they are playing .
Enlarge Dominoes , one of the classic games , along with Hearts , Spades , Sudoku , backgammon and chess , available on Mytopia.com .
There are customizable avatars and virtual prizes .
Casual games are making connections with social networks to make a play for even bigger audiences .
The reach of online casual games is already impressive :
One - third of people ages 6 to 44 have played them , according to market tracker The NPD Group .
Globally , casual games on PCs , game systems and handhelds , played online and off , generate about $ 2.25 billion annually , according to the Casual Games Association .
SHARE GAMES : Tell us what you play online
By playing nice with social networks such as Facebook , expected to hit 100 million users by year 's end , the casual game category can only increase the stakes , says CGA president Jessica Tams .
" The introduction of platforms which create opportunities for accessible and family play have raised the awareness of the fact that games are played by everyone , everywhere , " she says .
In the past two months , two new online gaming hubs , Cafe.com and Mytopia , have launched with features that let players connect with friends on the Web and through various social networks such as Facebook and MySpace , as well as Bebo and Hi5 .
Cafe.com features drawing game Sketch - It ! , along with the more traditional Concentration and Sudoku ; players can buy game " boosts " and outfit " Mini - Me " avatars .
Mytopia.com focuses on traditional games such as backgammon and dominoes , and also has virtual currency for prizes and upgrades .
Mytopia founder Guy Ben-Artzi says he created the hub to " build bridges " between online islands like Facebook and MySpace .
Two popular existing networks , Zynga and Social Gaming Network , have begun adding their games as applications on social networks .
More such combinations are on the way , because the revenue potential from advertising , subscriptions and virtual items " is enormous , " says Ross Popoff - Walker , a researcher for Forrester Research .
" It 's a huge audience , ( and ) there are a lot of different experiments on the Web taking on elements of gaming and the traditional social network . "
Social Gaming Network ( sgn.com ) , which opened in August , has seen its WarBook game attract more than 33,600 daily users on Facebook since becoming an application last fall .
" It 's a once - in - a - generation opportunity , " says SGN co-founder Shervin Pishevar .
" You have free access to all these users looking for fun and engaging experiences with their friends .
We 're connecting them in ways that was n't really possible before . "
Over the past two months , since gaming hub Zynga made its games such as Texas Hold 'em and Scramble available on Facebook , its audience has grown from 1 million to 2.3 million players daily , says founder Mark Pincus .
" This is clearly penetrating a mass market . "
Historically , games such as Popcap Games ' Bejeweled helped fuel casual games ' growth in versions for the Web , cellphones , handhelds and game systems .
Electronic Arts ' Pogo.com rose as a dominant casual games hub that began offering subscriptions ( currently 1.62 million ) as well as downloadable games .
When online Scrabble clone Scrabulous last year saw its Facebook following grow to nearly 1 million , Pincus says , " social gaming got on the map , and people were asking ' Is it one game or an industry ? '
" Social gaming has continued to grow , " he says .
" For the first time ever , digital games can start to penetrate people who never played games before . "
Today , Scrabulous has more than 3.5 million registered users with more than 600,000 playing daily .
It remains available on Facebook and online ( scrabulous.com ) despite Scrabble trademark holders Hasbro and Mattel trying to shut down the game , created by Jayant and Rajat Agarwalla , brothers who live in India .
Neither Hasbro , which controls the trademark in the USA , nor Jayant Agarwalla would comment about legal developments .
Hasbro says EA plans to release a free social network version of Scrabble in the near future .
As for the attraction of casual games , Agarwalla says they " provide quick entertainment for users without pinching their wallets .
People can take a quick break from work , play a few games and get back .
It 's faster and I guess healthier than drinking coffee or watching TV . "
And the social aspect is important , he says .
" When you play Scrabulous , you stay in touch because the moment you are thinking of a word , you are also thinking of your opponent .
And that 's what counts . "
University of Texas law student Matthew Tominey , 24 , says Scrabulous provides much - needed breaks during studying for finals .
" I would say it makes me happy , even though my win / loss record is abysmal . "
Readers :
What are your favorite casual games ?
What do you play on Facebook ?
Share your picks and opinions in the comments below .
Enlarge
One of the games on new Cafe.com , Sketch - It ! is a cross between Etch A Sketch and Charades .
Players must get competitors to guess a secret word by drawing the object using a palette of colors .
Newcomers get 10,000 Cafe coins ( virtual currency ) to outfit their " Mini - Me " or to use during games as " boosts . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Enviro : Bush / McCain drilling plan a ' gimmick ' for big oil RAW STORY
Published : Monday July 14 , 2008
Print This Email This
In another push to deal with soaring gas prices , President Bush on Monday will lift an executive ban on offshore drilling that his stood since his father was president .
But the move , by itself , will do nothing unless Congress acts as well .
The president plans to officially lift the ban and explain his actions in a Rose Garden statement , White House press secretary Dana Perino said .
Environmentalists slammed the move .
Friends of the Earth Action President Brent Blackwelder responded with the following statement :
 President Bush and John McCain should be trying to end Americas addiction to oil , but instead they re pushing this gimmick that wont do anything to lower the cost of gas .
It s time to stop playing politics and start finding solutions .
If John McCain and George W. Bush were serious about addressing this crisis , they would work to create alternatives to driving and make cars and trucks more efficient not push a land grab for the oil companies . 
There are two prohibitions on offshore drilling , one imposed by Congress and another by executive order signed by former President Bush in 1990 .
The current president , trying to ease market tensions and boost supply , called last month for Congress to lift its prohibition before he did so himself .
But Perino said Bush no longer wants to wait .
She pinned blame on the leaders of the Democratic Congress for inaction .
" They have n't even held a single hearing , " Perino said .
" So we are going to move forward , and hopefully that will spur action by the Congress . "
Asked if Bush 's action alone will lead to more oil drilling , Perino said , " In terms of allowing more exploration to go forward ?
No , it does not . "
The president , in his final months of office , has responded to record gas - prices with a series of proposals , including more oil exploration .
None would have immediate impact on prices at the pump , according to White House officials , who say there is no quick fix .
But starting action now would help , they say .
With wire reports
To appreciate the aggressiveness of Obama ’s operation , it ’s worth taking a closer look at the jockeying in possible new swing states .
Obama has cash to attack McCain 's base
ATLANTA —
In nearly every presidential cycle , candidates throw a little money at a state to try to turn it into a fresh battleground .
It almost never works .
But Barack Obama believes his historic nomination gives him more of an opening to press such a strategy .
Advertisement
And what sets him apart from his predecessors is that he may actually have the money to attack his rival ’s base on a broader scale and in a more sustained way than any candidate before him .
The process has already begun .
The Illinois senator last month began airing ads and opening offices in Virginia , North Dakota , Colorado and a handful of other states that have voted Republican in recent cycles .
Obama is supplementing those high - profile moves with a potentially higher - impact investment in ground troops who can recruit volunteers , knock on doors , register voters and create a buzz around the campaign with bumper stickers and yard signs .
To appreciate the aggressiveness of Obama ’s operation it ’s worth taking a closer look at the jockeying in Georgia .
Democrats have n’t won this state since Bill Clinton captured it in 1992 — with a critical assist from independent candidate Ross Perot .
It ’s a state where the political world today is dominated by a Republican governor , two Republican U.S. senators , and a Republican state legislature .
But the state is also home to a large African - American constituency , an influential white urban voting bloc and Bob Barr , a popular former Republican congressman who is running at the top of the Libertarian Party ticket .
Obama won the Feb .
5 Democratic primary here in a walk , capturing 66 percent of the vote to Hillary Rodham Clinton ’s 31 percent .
Presumptive Republican nominee John McCain lost the Peach State primary to former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee and barely held off former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney to take second place .
Within that complex political mosaic , Obama spies opportunity .
He sent his first field workers to Georgia in May 2007 , according to his financial disclosure forms .
They remained here , albeit in smaller numbers , even after the primary .
Last month , more than 20 paid Obama staffers were toiling away in the back conference room of a partially renovated law office in downtown Atlanta .
And now their numbers are growing as they prepare to launch a voter registration drive that could see hundreds of thousands of African - American and young voters added to the voting rolls by November .
Their job is made easier by the enthusiasm gap , which is creating impassioned pockets of Obama supporters even in GOP strongholds who can be mobilized at minimum cost .
The effort could pay off in tightening polls , an even bigger donor pool and votes .
A Politico analysis of the candidates ’ spending in Georgia — not including advertising — since January 2007 found that overall , McCain has spent $ 441,895 to Obama ’s $ 335,671 .
But half of McCain ’s cash , $ 220,613 , has gone to three people , all of whom are fundraising consultants .
In the most recent financial disclosure reports released last week , McCain lists 13 Georgia - related expenses for June , which total $ 46,723 .
Almost all of the payments were related to a Savannah campaign stop in May .
McCain has n’t hired any full - time field staff in Georgia and he ’s not running any commercials on television there .
Obama listed 22 Georgia payments in his June financial disclosure form totaling $ 11,503 .
Of them , 13 were staff payroll costs .
Since June 20 , he ’s aired $ 1.6 million in positive , biographical advertisements on Georgia stations , according to Evan Tracey , founder of the Campaign Media Analysis Group .
“ They are treating the money they spent in the primaries as organizational investments and relying on them to form the foundation for the general election , ” said Anthony Corrado , a nonpartisan campaign finance expert .
“ Rather than retooling or starting over , they are just building out from the organizational structure they began months ago in some of these states , ” he added .
The McCain campaign is dismissive of their opponent ’s effort to turn so many red states to blue .
“ I cannot begin to analyze or make sense of the political strategy employed by the Obama campaign , ” said Tucker Bounds , a McCain spokesman .
“ They have paid staff in Utah and other states that are solid McCain territory .
They ’ve clearly made a determination that staff on the ground means that a state is in play .
That ’s their determination , not ours , ” Bounds added .
Nick Shapiro , an Obama spokesman , counters , “ The nationwide desire for change and the network of volunteers and infrastructure built up during the primaries give us an opportunity to reach voters in places President Bush won . ”
Even if Obama ca n’t steal Georgia from the Republican column , which Democratic and Republican strategists agree is an uphill fight , he still could inflict damage on McCain by forcing him to spend precious resources to guarantee the win .
That ’s what Obama did to Clinton during the critical Pennsylvania primary .
She emerged victorious but broke , and Obama then used his cash advantage to capture North Carolina and close the gap enough in Indiana to all but finish her off .
“ I think it is smart for them to try to keep as many states in play as possible as long as possible , ” said Tad Devine , a Democratic strategist .
“ Why not force McCain to worry and defend territory that should be rightfully his ? ”
While the McCain camp is holding its nerve , some Georgia Republicans are sounding the alarm .
“ They are absolutely convinced Georgia is in the bag , ” said Matt Towery , a former Republican candidate and strategists whose firm , InsiderAdvantage , recently released a poll showing McCain with a razor - thin lead .
“ I know this state like the back of my hand , ” said Towery .
“ If they think Georgia is a guarantee for them , they are insane . ”
Republican attorney Randy Evans is confident the big-name Republicans in the state , including Gov. Sonny Purdue , can for now adequately rebut Obama ’s messages and keep McCain ’s in the mix .
But that does n’t mean he ’s entirely comfortable , either .
From his seat on the State Election Board , Evans is bracing to see big jumps in Democratic registrations in the coming months as Obama ’s field operation goes into overdrive .
That effort will be augmented by a separate registration drive organized by the Democratic National Committee .
The DNC campaign swept through Georgia last Saturday .
In addition to new voters , Evans said election officials are predicting turnout in about a dozen precincts , mostly in the African - American community , will reach or exceed 90 percent — an unprecedented rate .
A lack of competitive down - ticket contests that can help rally the Republican base is also a concern , said Evans .
“ The incentive for state representatives and state senators to beat the bushes and get their voters out is not as great , and that is a little worrisome , ” he said .
Alec Pointevent , a major McCain surrogate in Georgia , is more confident .
Georgians " have some walking - around sense " and they wo n't stray from their conservative roots , he said .
But then there is the candidacy of Barr , who was swept into Congress as part of the 1994 Republican revolution and who has since remained popular in Georgia for criticizing his old colleagues for losing their fiscal way .
“ He will get a reasonable share of the vote but it will be in the single digits , ” predicts Whit Ayres , a Republican polling expert deeply familiar with Georgia politics .
After two decades of toil in the state ’s political trenches , former Democratic Gov. Roy Barnes mentally does the math :
If Obama ’s team can register 250,000 new voters and just half of them show up to vote for Obama and Barr ’s Libertarian ticket peels 8 percent of the vote away from McCain , “ it would be revolutionary . ”
June 17 , 2008
Comparing Bush and McCain
Democrats say that electing John McCain would bring the equivalent of a third Bush term , while Republicans say these charges are just political spin .
Here is where Mr. McCain and Mr. Bush stand on key issues .
( Related Article )
Ex -Bush spokesman : White House fed war propaganda to a “ complicit ” media
By Bill Van Auken
29 May 2008
In a stunning blow to what very little remains of the Bush administration ’s political credibility , the president ’s former press secretary Scott McClellan has published a book indicting the White House for launching an “ unnecessary ” war in Iraq based on false “ propaganda . ”
Even more telling , particularly coming from an official who was in charge of dealing with the press , is McClellan ’s harsh indictment of the American media as a servile and willing accomplice in this process .
“ If anything , the national press corps was probably too deferential to the White House and to the administration in regard to the most important decision facing the nation during my years in Washington , the choice over whether to go to war in Iraq , ” he writes .
“ The collapse of the administration ’s rationales for war , which became apparent months after our invasion , should never have come as such a surprise .
...
In this case , the ‘ liberal media ’ did n’t live up to its reputation .
If it had , the country would have been better served . ”
Significantly , in their main articles on McClellan ’s book , neither the New York Times nor the Washington Post , which together played the most influential roles in selling the war , chose to quote this passage .
Elsewhere , McClellan describes the press as “ complicit enablers ” in the White House ’s “ carefully orchestrated campaign to shape and manipulate sources of public approval ” in the drive to war .
It was guilty , he says , of “ spreading distortions , half - truths , and occasionally outright lies . ”
There is no indication in what has appeared thus far in the media about the book that it deals at any length with the role of the administration ’s other “ complicit enablers ” in launching the Iraq war — the Democratic Party .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi declared herself in full agreement with McClellan ’s critique of the Bush White House and the Iraq war , but this only underscores the bipartisan character of the conspiracy to drag the American people into an imperialist bloodbath .
Pelosi set the tone for the Democrats after their victory in the 2006 congressional elections by immediately ruling out any impeachment hearings or other actions to hold Bush , Cheney and their confederates responsible for the criminal war of aggression that has cost the lives of more than one million Iraqis and more than 4,000 American troops .
Nor will there be the slightest effort by the Democrats now — after the lesser criminal McClellan has provided an inside account of the deliberate fomenting of the war by his bosses — to take action to remove Bush and Cheney or halt the war .
On the contrary , McClellan ’s book became public within days of the Senate Democrats ’ vote to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan not only through the end of Bush ’s presidency , but through the first nine months of the next administration .
While the book , titled What Happened : Inside the Bush White House and Washington ’s Culture of Deception , is to be published next week , substantial excerpts were reported in the press on Wednesday .
McClellan calls the Iraq war a “ serious strategic blunder ” and insists that if Bush had had a “ crystal ball ” and could have foreseen the costs in terms of casualties and destruction , he would not have waged it .
Drawing what he portrays as the principal lesson of this experience , he writes : “ What I do know is that war should only be waged when necessary , and the Iraq war was not necessary . ”
He makes the same point already made better by many others at the time : that the Bush administration acted in 2002 - 2003 to preclude any outcome other than a US invasion of Iraq .
It “ managed the crisis in a way that almost guaranteed that the use of force would become the only feasible option , ” he writes .
McClellan continues : “ Over that summer of 2002 , top Bush aides had outlined a strategy for carefully orchestrating the coming campaign to aggressively sell the war .
. . .
In the permanent campaign era , it was all about manipulating sources of public opinion to the president ’s advantage . ”
While providing further evidence that the administration is guilty of the grave crime of launching a war of aggression based on lies , the former White House spokesman draws back , claiming that he and others who conducted this propaganda campaign were not “ employing out and out deception . ”
He repeats the theme that the administration was guilty of “ downplaying the major reason for going to war , ” while promoting the phony pretexts of non-existent Iraqi weapons of mass destruction and terrorist ties .
“ To this day , the president seems unbothered by the disconnect between the chief rationale for war and the driving motivation behind it . ”
But what was this “ major reason , ” this “ driving motivation ” in McClellan ’s view ?
He insists that Bush was intent on “ realizing his dream for a free Middle East . ”
This , however , is merely one more fraudulent rationale for a war aimed at utilizing US military force to secure strategic objectives , namely the domination of US capitalism over the oil resources of the Persian Gulf .
McClellan is also harshly critical of the administration ’s handling of Hurricane Katrina , which he had staunchly defended in 2005 against reporters , whom he accused of playing “ the blame game . ”
“ One of the worst disasters in our nation ’s history became one of the biggest disasters in Bush ’s presidency .
Katrina and the botched federal response to it would largely come to define Bush ’s second term , ” he writes in the book .
“ Many within the White House were in denial about the administration ’s responsibility for Katrina ... we largely ignored the fact that the federal government was the vital backup , the fail - safe mechanism supposed to compensate for breakdowns at the lower levels .
When you ’re president , the buck stops with you — a lesson George W. Bush still had n’t fully absorbed . ”
McClellan begins the book by recounting his 2003 statement to the White House press corps that then - White House aide Lewis “ Scooter ” Libby and Bush ’s top political advisor Karl Rove had insisted that “ they were not involved ” in leaking the name of the CIA operative Valerie Plame to the press as political payback for her husband , former US ambassador Joseph Wilson , having publicly exposed White House lies about the war in Iraq .
This was one of the many lies he told as White House press secretary — he claims that he was duped by Rove , Libby , Cheney and also a supposedly unwitting Bush — but it came back to haunt him .
Libby was indicted on perjury and obstruction of justice charges in October 2005 in relation to the CIA leak case and ultimately convicted in March 2007 .
During the course of these legal proceedings , it was proven that both Rove and Libby were indeed involved in identifying the CIA operative to the press .
“ I could feel something fall out of me into the abyss as each reporter took a turn whacking me , ” McClellan writes of the press briefings after these revelations came to light .
He claims that what was at stake was his “ reputation , ” though there is little to suggest that he had much to lose .
His performance , however , did contribute to his being pushed out of his position in 2006 by Bush ’s new chief of staff , Joshua Bolten .
McClellan ’s problem was that the Plame - Wilson affair was one issue on which the media could summon the courage to go on the offensive , largely because it was being egged on by elements of the national security apparatus , and in particular the CIA , which was angered by the political tactics of the White House .
Much of what McClellan writes merely serves to confirm conclusions already drawn by the bulk of the American people about the war and the nature of the government that launched it .
Nonetheless , it is significant from the standpoint of who wrote it .
McClellan is hardly the first White House insider to come out with a tell - all book charging the administration with dragging the American people into war on false pretenses and other crimes .
Former Treasury Secretary Paul O’Neill did so in early 2004 , barely a year after being forced out of office .
He was followed by Richard Clarke , the administration ’s former counterterrorism adviser ; CIA Director George Tenet ; Matthew Dowd , chief strategist for Bush ’s 2004 campaign ; and others .
With McClellan , however , one is dealing with a longtime Bush loyalist , the offspring of a well - connected Texas Republican family who had been with Bush since his days as the state ’s governor , when he also served as spokesman , a role he continued as traveling press secretary for the Bush - Cheney campaign in 2000 .
With this book , there is far more the sense of the last rats jumping from a sinking ship , and trying to make some money in the process .
Moreover , the timing of its release cuts across the efforts of the Republican Party to somehow refurbish the image of the Bush administration — which is receiving approval ratings lower than those of Richard Nixon at the height of the Watergate scandal — so that it does not destroy all prospects for McCain and other Republicans in the November elections .
Reaction from the Bush camp was predictably blistering , with many seeming to suggest that after leaving the White House McClellan had either suffered a mental breakdown or had been brainwashed by the administration ’s opponents or a left - wing editor .
Former White House chief of staff and Bush ’s senior political advisor Karl Rove , who comes in for some of the harshest criticism in the book , suggested that McClellan did n’t even write it .
“ First of all , this does n’t sound like Scott .
It really doesn’t , ” Rove said on Fox News .
“ Not the Scott McClellan I ’ve known for a long time .
Second of all , it sounds like somebody else .
It sounds like a left - wing blogger . ”
Current White House press secretary Dana Perino issued a statement reacting to the reports on the book : “ Scott , we now know , is disgruntled about his experience at the White House .
For those of us who fully supported him , before , during and after he was press secretary , we are puzzled .
It is sad — this is not the Scott we knew . ”
Meanwhile , McClellan ’s predecessor as press secretary , Ari Fleischer , described him as an “ always reliable , solid deputy ” when he was at the White House .
He added that “ not once did Scott approach me — privately or publicly — to discuss any misgivings he had about the war in Iraq or the manner in which the White House made the case for war . ”
Indeed , McClellan spent three years at thee podium in the White House press room , lying to the American public not only about the Iraq war , but also about torture , extraordinary rendition , domestic spying and other crimes carried out by the administration which he served .
He was a loyal , though thoroughly unconvincing , defender of the Bush White House line who sought to overcome his intellectual and rhetorical limitations in jousting with the press corps by doggedly repeating the same lies over and over again .
In contrast to his predecessor , the unctuous Fleischer , and his successor , the right - wing radio talk show host Tony Snow , McClellan often left the impression of a deer caught in the headlights .
As Michael Wolff , who profiled McClellan for Vanity Fair , wrote , McClellan ’s appointment demonstrated “ a certain amount of contempt for the press on the part of the White House . . .
It was a comedy , a farce , actually .
He could not do the job , bottom line .
He came out every day and he could n’t talk through a sentence . ”
Many of the administration ’s right - wing supporters , who previously defended McClellan against his critics , are now highlighting these competence issues in an attempt to discredit him and his book .
From the excerpts that have appeared thus far , McClellan ’s book is a hackneyed and self - serving account of his tenure in the White House , which hardly makes a coherent critique of the Bush administration and indeed claims that Bush himself was a victim of unscrupulous advisors .
Nonetheless , to the extent that it further substantiates the way in which the administration lied to the American people in order to launch an unprovoked war that has claimed over one million lives , it provides one more bit of evidence for bringing those responsible for this crime to account .
The Top 10 Easiest To Train Dog Breeds :
Australian Cattle Dog :
The Australian Cattle Dog originated in the 1830's as a cross between a Smithfield , a tough but noisy working breed , and a wild Dingo .
Many further enhancements to the breed were implemented over the years , including crossing the breed with the Collie , Dalmation , and Australian Kelpie .
The result was the breed we know today , possessing stamina , reliability and high intelligence .
The Australian Cattle Dog also ranks at # 10 on our 10 smartest dogs list .
Learn more about the Australian Cattle Dog ( History , Personality , & Health Issues )
You may be wondering why this list does n't match perfectly with our list of 10 smartest dogs .
It is because ease of training does not rely on intelligence alone .
You need an intelligent dog with plenty of energy to spare , and a strong need to please its owner .
The dogs on this list have all three in spades .
If you are thinking of adopting one of the breeds on this list , keep in mind that these breeds require a lot of mental stimulation and exercise .
Failing to provide this can potentially cause a dog to become neurotic and / or destructive .
Here are the 10 easiest to train dogs , in no particular order :
Labrador Retriever :
The Labrador Retriever is as magnificent in appearance as they are courageous and hard working .
You can easily begin training this breed from as early as six months of age .
Labs also rank highly on our smartest dogs and most affectionate dog breeds lists .
The Golden Retriever ranks slightly lower than the Lab for energy levels , and just missed being on our list .
Learn more about the Labrador Retriever ( History , Personality , & Health Issues )
Pyrenean Shepherd :
The Pyrenean Shepherd has been used for centuries as a herding dog .
They were also used during World War 2 as couriers , guards , and search and rescue dogs .
The breed is extremely energetic , and require extensive play time and exercise .
Learn more about the Pyrenean Shepherd ( History , Personality , & Health Issues )
Border Collie :
Known as the smartest dog breed available , the Border Collie is a bundle of physical and mental energy waiting to be released .
They can be a disastrous housedog if not physically and mentally stimulated in some way .
Give your Border a job to do every day , and he will be more than happy .
Learn more about the Border Collie ( History , Personality , & Health Issues )
Australian Shepherd :
Sharing many personality traits with the Australian Cattle Dog , the Australian Shepherd ranks slightly lower when it comes to energy levels .
But this breed is nonetheless confident , alert , bold , and independent .
Be sure to give
Papillon :
A popular breed for the rich in Europe for centuries , the Papillon is believed to have originated in Italy from the Dwarf Spaniel .
The erect - eared variety that we see today was developed by Belgian breeders in the 1800's .
Intelligent , vocal , clean and affectionate , the Papillon makes an ideal family pet .
Learn more about the Papillon ( History , Personality , & Health Issues )
Beauceron :
The Beauceron is an ancient French Breed that some call the ' king of sheepdogs ' .
They have highly developed herding and hunting instincts , in fact only two dogs are necessary to control 200- 300 sheep .
Its need for constant exercise , combined with its mistrust of strangers and other pets , make the Beauceron a less than ideal house pet .
This breed was very close to ranking on our top 10 guard dogs list .
Learn more about the Beauceron ( History , Personality , & Health Issues )
Toy Poodle :
The Toy Poodle is alert , responsive , playful , sensitive , and eager to please .
They are devoted to their family , but some can be a bit reserved with strangers .
Like many in the toy group , the Toy Poodle may bark a lot .
The Standard Poodle has slighty lower energy levels than the Toy , and therefore did not make the list .
Learn more about the Toy Poodle ( History , Personality , & Health Issues )
Belgian Sheepdog ( Groenendael ) :
Also known as the Belgian Shepherd dog , and sharing many personality traits with the Malinois and Tervuren , is the Groenendael variety of the Belgian Sheepdog .
Like many in the energetic ' herding ' group , this intelligent breed is generally not recommended as a " stay at home " house pet .
They definitely need extensive mental and physical activity , or they may become neurotic and / or destructive .
Learn more about the Belgian Sheepdog ( History , Personality , & Health Issues )
Doberman Pinscher :
Created late in the 19th century in Germany , the Doberman Pinscher deserves the respect it commands .
Its bravery , intelligence and character make it one of the all time best guard dogs .
Despite its potential aggressiveness , the Doberman can be easily trained by a master with a firm hand .
Learn more about the Doberman Pinscher ( History , Personality & Health Issues )
your Aussie a strenuous mental and physical workout every day .
Like most of the herding breeds , an under - stimulated dog will attempt to herd anything - children , other animals , and even cars !
Learn more about the Australian Shepherd ( History , Personality , & Health Issues )
Copyright 2006 - 2011 PetMedsOnline .
Org
What DON'T We Have In Our Store For Dogs ?
Not much !
Find everything from basic grooming items to high tech devices designed for pets in our online store !
Dog Breed Health
What diseases and conditions are hereditary in my dog 's breed ?
Is my dog vulnerable ?
Over the last two weeks I have released two top - like applications to follow Reddit and Hacker News from the console .
I called these applications Reddit Top and Hacker Top .
I received a few emails and comments asking me to explain how the applications were made .
I 'll explain it in this article .
A few months ago , while I was creating the Reddit River website , I noticed that Python 's standard library included a curses module .
Having worked with curses and Curses Development Kit in C , I decided to refresh my curses skills , this time in Python .
Coding the application started with creating two separate Python modules for retrieving stories from Hacker News and Reddit .
If you look at the source code of Hacker Top and Reddit Top programs , you 'll notice two Python modules called " pyhackerstories.py " and " pyredditstories.py " .
Both of these modules follow the same interface and provide function get_stories ( ) .
The core functionality of this function can be easily understood from this code fragment :
stories = [ ] for i in range ( pages ) : content = _get_page ( url ) entries = _extract_stories ( content ) stories.extend( entries ) url = _get_next_page( content ) if not url : break
The function iterates over the given number of Reddit or Hacker News pages and creates a list of objects ( of type Story ) containing information about stories on each page .
This function takes two optional parameters ' pages ' and ' new ' ( pyredditstories .py also takes an optional ' subreddit ' parameter ) .
These parameters control how many pages of ( new ) stories to scrape .
Here is an example of using pyhackerstories .
py module to get the titles and scores of the first five most popular stories on Hacker News :
>>> from pyhackerstories import get_stories >>> stories = get_stories ( ) >>> for story in stories [ : 5 ] : ... print " % - 3d - %s " % ( story.score , story .
title ) ... 30 - Rutgers Graduate Student Finds New Prime - Generating Formula 59 - Xobni VP
Engineering leaves for own startup
69 - The Pooled - Risk Company Management Company 14 - Jeff Bonforte , CEO of Xobni , explains why Gabor left 52 - Google 's Wikipedia clone Knol launches .
Each Story object contains the following properties :
position - story position
- story position id - identifier used by Hacker News or Reddit to identify the story
- identifier used by Hacker News or Reddit to identify the story title - title of the story
- title of the story url - web address of the story
- web address of the story user - username of the user who submitted the story
- username of the user who submitted the story score - number of upvotes the story has received
- number of upvotes the story has received human_time - time the story was submitted
- time the story was submitted unix_time - unix time the story was submitted
- unix time the story was submitted comments - number of comments the story has received
Here is another example of retrieving most active Reddit users on Programming Subreddit ( based on 5 pages of stories ) :
>>> from pyredditstories import get_stories >>> stories = get_stories ( subreddit='programming ' , pages=5 ) >>> userdict = {} >>> for story in stories : ... userdict[ story.user ] = userdict.setdefault(story.user , 0 ) + 1 >>> users = [ ( userdict[u ] , u ) for u in userdict ] >>> users.sort ( ) >>> users.reverse( ) >>> for user in users [ : 5 ] : ... print " %s : %d " % ( user [ 1 ] , user [ 0 ] ) ... < a href= " http://www.reddit.com/user/gst/ "
>gst</a>: 19 < a href= " http://www.reddit.com/user/dons/ "
>dons</a> : 6 < a href= " http://www.reddit.com/user/llimllib/ ">llimllib</a> : 4 < a href= " http://www.reddit.com/user/synthespian/ ">synthespian</a>: 3 < a href= " http://www.reddit.com/user/gthank/ " >gthank</a>: 3
The pyhackerstories .py and pyredditstories .
py Python modules can also be used as standalone applications .
Executing pyredditstories .py with ' - - help ' command line argument tells that :
$ ./pyredditstories.py -- help usage : pyredditstories .py [ options ] options : -h , -- help show this help message and exit - sSUBREDDIT Subreddit to retrieve stories from .
Default : front_page .
- pPAGES
How many pages of stories to output .
Default : 1 . -n Retrieve new stories .
Default : nope .
Here is an example of executing pyredditstories .
py to get five most popular programming stories :
$ ./pyredditstories.py -s programming | grep ' ^title ' | head - 5 title : " Turns out my nephew is really good with computers , so we 're going to give him the job ! " title : Sun Microsystems funding Haskell on multicore OpenSPARC !
title : I love parser combinators [ Haskell ] title : 2D collision detection for SVG - demo of intersection routines with SVG / Javascript title : Priorities : Solaris vs Linux
That 's about enough information about these modules to create all kinds of wonderful things !
Just play around a little !
Download pyhackerstories.py : catonmat.net/ftp/pyhackerstories.py
Download pyredditstories.py : catonmat.net/ftp/pyredditstories.py
Now I 'll briefly explain how the curses user interface was made .
I 'll cover only the ideas and will not go deeply into code .
I started with reading Curses Programming with Python howto .
This howto explained how to do all the basic curses operations in Python - how to get into curses mode , how to create windows , print colorful text and how to handle user input .
The user interface had two requirements - it had to be responsive while the new stories were being retrieved from the sites , and it had to be independent from the website , meaning that it should be easy to display data from a different website with minor ( or no ) modifications to the interface code .
The first requirement was satisfied by creating a separate thread ( see Retriever class ) which periodically called get_stories ( ) and passed the stories to the interface via a queue .
The second requirement was already satisfied when I created the pyredditstories .py and pyhackerstories .
py modules .
As I mentioned , these modules provided the same interface for retrieving stories and could be used almost interchangeably .
That 's basically it !
If you have any specific questions , feel free to contact me .
Download Hacker Top and Reddit Top Programs
Hacker Top
Download link : hacker - top.tgz
Reddit Top
Download link : reddit - top.tgz
Next I 'll release Dzone Top and Digg Top , and then merge all these top programs into a single social news console program .
See you then !
By SAM GREENHILL
Last updated at 00:00 01 January 2008
A man wrongly jailed when a woman cried rape has failed to prevent being charged £ 12,500 for his " board and lodging " while in prison .
Warren Blackwell , 38 , spent three years in jail as a convicted sex attacker until his ' victim ' was unmasked as a fantasist .
It was revealed he has been awarded £ 252,500 compensation for his lost years - but minus the estimated cost of his food and accommodation while behind bars .
Mr Blackwell said he had failed to stop the money being siphoned off after his lawyer told him there was little to be done about it .
The father - of - two , said : " It 's the principle of the thing .
They slam you in jail for three years and four months , brand you a sex attacker , leave your family to cope without you , then turn around and say sorry but demand £ 12,500 for living expenses incurred during your time inside .
" I tried to fight against it but my solicitor says the only hope of overturning the decision would be to go all the way to the European Court of Human Rights .
I would probably use up all the compensation money on legal fees if I did that . "
Scroll down for more ...
Mr Blackwell was jailed on the word of a woman who claims he seized her at knifepoint outside a village club early on New Year 's Day 1999 , marched her down an alleyway and indecently assaulted her .
She picked him out of an identity parade and a jury found him guilty , even though there was no forensic evidence and he had no previous convictions .
His wife Tanya never doubted him and an investigation by the Criminal Cases Review Commission later discovered that his accuser had invented the story .
Not only did Mr Blackwell not commit the crime , but the crime had never taken place .
It also emerged she was a serial accuser , having fabricated at least seven other allegations of sexual and physical assault against blameless men .
She kept changing her name and moving around , so police forces never realised they were dealing with the same woman .
Mr Blackwell , of Woodford Halse , Northamptonshire , was dramatically cleared at the Appeal Court in 2005 , and lodged a formal bid for compensation .
It was accepted by the Government , but left to an assessor to calculate the actual amount .
The assessor has now estimated that the portion of Mr Blackwell 's compensation for loss of earnings - put at just over £ 70,000 - should be cut by 20 per cent to cover his " living expenses . "
But Mr Blackwell said : " If murderers and robbers do n't get charged for their time in the clanger , how come an innocent man does ?
It does n't make sense and it is plain discrimination . "
His solicitor , Robert Berg , said : " The adjudicator made a fair award of compensation for the suffering caused in this miscarriage of justice , however it is very unfair to charge him board and lodging .
" It is illogical that someone should have to pay for a punishment - which prison is - that should never have been given in the first place .
" Even though he was in prison , it does n't mean there were no living expenses at his home .
His family was still there , having to feed themselves and manage the home .
" So they cooked one less pork chop because he was n't there - it 's hardly a great saving , is it ? "
The practice of charging " bed and breakfast " was challenged in 2007 by the Bridgewater Three , the men wrongly convicted of murdering newspaper boy Carl Bridgewater in 1978 , but the principle was upheld by the House of Lords .
Advertisements
John McCain ’s campaign manager Rick Davis accused Obama of playing the race card after Obama characterized McCain ’s recent attacks against him as trying to scare voters away from him .
Yesterday in Springfield , Missouri Obama said , “ So nobody really thinks that Bush or McCain have a real answer for the challenges we face , so what they are going to try to do is make you scared of me .
Oh , he ’s not patriotic enough .
He ’s got a funny name .
You know he does n’t look like all these other presidents on the dollar bills .
He ’s risky .
That ’s essentially the argument they ’re making . ”
The McCain campaign replied by accusing Obama of playing the race card , “ Barack Obama has played the race card , and he played it from the bottom of the deck .
It ’s divisive , negative , shameful and wrong . ”
In a campaign where the McCain people have made idiotic charge after idiotic charge against Obama , this one takes the cake .
According to the McCain campaign , Obama ca n’t point out the fact that he is the first black major party nominee .
Advertisements
Using their logic , every time McCain refers to his military service , he would be playing the patriotism card .
Notice how the McCain camp completely ignored Obama ’s characterization of their attacks against him .
The tactics that McCain is using against Obama in 2008 are the same ones that George W. Bush used against Al Gore and John Kerry in 2000 and 2004 .
The Republicans always try to paint the Democrats as liberal , elitist and risky .
There was nothing divisive about Obama ’s remarks .
He was pointing out a fact .
He does look different than previous presidents , and the main theme of the McCain campaign has been that different is bad .
The Clintons tried to bring up the race issue during the Democratic primary and it backfired on them .
To me , the point of the Davis statement today was to remind everyone that Obama is black .
If anyone is trying to bring race into the discussion , it is Davis , not Obama .
Davis Statement
Unbalanced U.S. trade with China since 2001 has had a devastating effect on U.S. workers .
Between 2001 and 2007 , 2.3 million jobs were lost or displaced , including 366,000 in 2007 alone ( Scott 2008 ) .
These jobs were displaced by the growth of the U.S. trade deficit with China , which increased from $ 84 billion in 2001 to $ 262 billion in 2007 .
Growing China trade deficits between 2001 and 2007 eliminated jobs in all 50 states and the District of Columbia .
Jobs displacement exceeded 2.0 % of total employment in Idaho , New Hampshire , South Carolina , Oregon , California , Minnesota , Vermont , Texas , and Wisconsin ( see Map ) .
The effects of growing trade deficits with China have been felt widely across the United States and no area has been exempt from their impact .
While traditional manufacturing states such as Wisconsin , Tennessee , and the Carolinas were certainly hard hit , so too were states in the tech sector such as California , Texas , Oregon , and Minnesota .
Rapidly growing imports of computers and electronic parts accounted for almost half of the $ 178 billion increase and eliminated 561,000 U.S. jobs .
Idaho , which lost an estimated 9,000 jobs in computer and electronic products alone , was the hardest - hit state in the country in terms of share of total state employment .
The U.S - China trade relationship needs a fundamental change .
Addressing the exchange rate policies and labor standards issues in the Chinese economy are important first steps .
With research assistance by Emily Garr
Apple bolstered the iPhone 's enterprise credentials during today 's iPhone Software Roadmap event at its Cupertino headquarters .
Saying that business users were demanding additional capabilities from the iPhone , Apple will bring push capabilities for e-mail , contacts , address lists , and other features via a software update due in June , said Apple worldwide marketing head Phil Schiller .
The iPhone will also be opened up to third - party developers with a new SDK , effective today .
" [ The iPhone ] is the most advanced platform out there for mobile devices , " boasted CEO Steve Jobs .
" We are years ahead of any other platform for mobile devices . "
The iPhone will offer full Exchange support , thanks to licenses from Microsoft .
The iPhone will also get enterprise - friendly security features , including remote wipe , support for Cisco IPsec VPN , certificates , identities , and WPA2 / 802.11 x support .
" Enterprise customers will be pretty excited , " says Schiller .
The long - awaited iPhone SDK is also here .
Jobs said that all third - party developers will have access to the same APIs and tools Apple uses to build iPhone apps .
Developers will use Cocoa Touch , a new SDK for the iPhone .
Cocoa
Touch supports multitouch events and controls , the accelerometer , view hierarchy , localization , alerts , web view , people picker , image picker , and camera .
All of these features will also be available for the iPod touch .
A third - party SDK also means games , and EA announced that it will be bringing Spore to the iPhone .
According to EA , all 18 levels are up and running and the iPhone version will include a full editor .
Other demos included a Salesforce.com app , a drug identification app from Epocrates , and the venerable AOL Instant Messenger .
Rizwan Sattar of AOL bragged about how easy it was to use the SDK .
" I 've never written on a Mac before , never written in Objective - C , just had a spec sheet for how to connect to AIM ! "
Applications for the iPhone will be available through the AppStore , which will come included with the next iPhone software update .
The AppStore will be browsable by categories such as games , business , finance , lifestyle , and health , and will also have a Top 50 section .
If you buy an app and it is later updated , it can automatically be updated on the iPhone .
Apps will also be available for purchase from a Mac or Windows PC .
Developers will be able to set their own prices ( including " free " ) and will keep 70 percent of the revenues according to Jobs .
Check out more from our live event blogging as well as coverage on Infinite Loop .
The good news is that this time Verizon did not start the blaze , unlike on so many other occasions that we have chronicled here in excruciating detail .
The bad news , at least for the burned - out - of - house - and - home in - laws of Network World columnist James Gaskin , is that this is a telephone company that continues to have trouble grasping the finer points of smoke and flame .
Gaskin tells the tale on his private blog , Technology is Broken .
Forced out by the fire , his in - laws asked Verizon to transfer their phone number to their temporary quarters .
Answer :
No can do .
The highlight of the post comes when the in - laws are told that the best Verizon can do is to have their calls forwarded from their long - time number -- the one whose associated physical telephones were lying in charred ruins -- to their temporary phone .
There would be one catch with Plan B , though , which Gaskin explains :
We can't do ( the forwarding ) , said the Verizon reps ; only you can do it .
Get this :
They were told to call from their old phone to request the forwarding service .
Yes , the phone in a house that burned down .
Yes , calling on phones that had turned into lumps of melted plastic with metal bits sticking out .
See what I mean about not grasping the finer points .
( Update : Coincidentally , Verizon recently commissioned a survey that found 83 percent of consumers intend to keep their landlines indefinitely , whether or not they have a cell phone , and whether or not that cell phone has been melted into an unidentifiable lump of plastic in a house fire .
" Ninety - four percent of the respondents cited reliability and 91 percent cited safety as the key factors for retaining landline service , " according to Verizon .
It was not clear how many , if any , cited number portability . )
( Update 2 : You think the in - laws with the fried phone had problems with Verizon ?
You think you have had problems with Verizon ?
Tell it to Dr. Herman I. Libshitz of the West Philadelphia Libshitzs .
Now Dr. Libshitz , he 's had trouble with Verizon ... and all because he wo n't change the spelling of his name . )
The waiting list is long for a class at Providence College where democracy comes to life .
Right off the bat , Prof.
Richard Battistoni asks the class to decide together how they should be graded .
He routinely turns discussion - leading over to pairs of students .
As the semester wound down recently , students presented " artifacts " that symbolized their own views of what democracy means – everything from a voter registration form to a box of spaghetti ( in which all the pieces are equal ) .
Strategies in this class and similar ones around the country aim to equip students to make their mark in the landscape of American democracy .
But such efforts are too rare in higher education , some in the academic world say .
They are urging colleges to do more to foster students ' desire and ability to contribute in the political realm .
The classroom , they say , can be a neutral arena for students to test their ideas and reflect on their attempts to make change in whatever real - world project they take on .
The Political Engagement Project by the Carnegie Foun­dation for the Advancement of Teaching in Stanford , Calif. , which studied the outcomes of 21 such courses , is at the forefront of this push .
College students these days are doing volunteer projects in droves , but campuses do n't offer enough " that is strong on educating them for their political responsibilities ... [ for ] trying to make a difference on a systemic level – that is a really important gap , " says Anne Colby , a senior scholar at Carnegie and coauthor of a new book emerging from the three - year project , " Educating for Democracy : Preparing Students for Responsible Political Engagement . "
Focus on engagement
The students tracked in the 21 courses , at a wide variety of colleges , gained on scales of political motivation , understanding , and skills .
After taking these classes , they were more inclined to read about politics , to plan future involvement in political action , and to feel that they would be effective .
Those who started without much interest in political issues ( about half ) made the most gains .
In urging colleges and universities to involve students more in political learning , it 's essential that there be a neutral environment for discussion , says Thomas Ehrlich , an " Educating for Democracy " coauthor .
" So much of the dialogue about politics that students hear from politicians and the media is the ' Crossfire ' variety .
In a college or university there 's the obligation to engage in open inquiry , with rational issues being debated based on sound evidence ... and not just emotion . "
The professors of these courses seek out diverse opinions and minority voices .
" If a student expresses some discomfort with a point of view , we 'll [ ask him or her ] to take that point of view and learn how to argue with it , " says Alma Blount , director of the Hart Leadership Program at Duke University .
When Battistoni has students lead the class , at least one takes on the role of " vibes watcher . "
" If students are attacking other students instead of their ideas ... the vibes watcher can intervene , " he says .
" If students are silent or not really voicing their opinions ... the vibes watcher tries to lift those voices up . "
It 's not an easy job .
During one discussion about gender and 19th - century laws , the issue of rape within marriage came up .
One student said he did n't understand how it was possible for there to be rape in marriage , and the student discussion leaders " did n't want to honor that opinion at all , " Battistoni says .
After a few minutes of heated discussion , everyone backed off .
" Some faculty are reticent to have open dialogue and discussion - based courses , because you never know what 's going to happen , " he says .
Many of the courses include service - learning projects , which are predictors of political engagement , according to a report by the Higher Education Research Institute ( HERI ) at the University of California , Los Angeles .
In Ms. Blount 's year - long Service Opportunities in Leadership course , students create community - based research projects for the summer and then follow up with policy recommendations .
Student discovers the power of one
Channing Mathews , now a junior at Duke , went to Charlotte , N.C. , to work with a community group and to study tensions between Hispanic immigrants and African - Americans .
When Ms. Mathews started college , she says her idea of " politics " was narrow – she thought it pertained mainly to elected politicians , and she had little interest .
" I was pretty disillusioned with the idea of me making a difference , " she says .
Now she 's written a 25 - page memo for the community group , detailing the issues raised among those she interviewed in Charlotte .
Next she wants to apply the lessons to improving campus racial dialogue .
" This class by far is the hardest I 've ever taken at Duke , " Mathews says .
" I 'm being pushed to really think about what I care about and ... to take action about it . "
Battistoni's students echo that appreciation : " I 've never really been forced to think about my own theory [ of democracy ] , " says Chris Gunneson , a senior at Providence College .
In his " thought book " assignments , he 's written more than 70 pages on his own perspectives , bouncing off ancient and modern theorists .
He and his classmates have also been excited about a voter - registration and awareness campaign they 've been conducting this semester .
Several said how worthwhile it felt when students would thank them for helping them register locally .
To Mr. Gunneson , the voter - registration form is a symbol of " the opportunity to check our leaders ....
That is what separates democracy from an authoritarian form of government ....
We have the ability to say , ' I do n't like what 's going on , and I 'm going to do something about it , ' " he proclaimed during his presentation .
Certainly , the campuses where these 21 courses are taught do n't have a monopoly on avidly political students .
And wherever such students can be found , they try to persuade their peers to defy the label of " apathetic . "
" I hear so much in the media about either [ college students ] are lazy or we do n't vote or we do n't care , but I do n't feel that 's right , " says Tyler Lewelling , a junior at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville ( which is not featured in the book ) and an intern this semester at the College Republican National Committee in Washington .
" I care about our country and the future of the world we live in .... [ I ] and my friends want to help do something to make sure we have a better world . "
In anticipation of the 2008 presidential election , he 's heard a number of college friends that usually are n't politically minded say they are going to jump into the fray , either because they 're upset about the war in Iraq or they do n't want to see Hillary Clinton win .
The next step for the Political Engagement Project is to assist professors and campus leaders who want to enhance their own programs through the lessons outlined in " Educating for Democracy . "
In California , 23 professors on various campuses have signed on to the idea , Mr. Ehrlich says .
And eight campuses involved in the American Democracy Project ( ADP ) , affiliated with the American Association of State Colleges and Universities , have agreed to work toward educating all their students for political engagement .
If that pilot goes well , Ehrlich says , more of the 200 - plus members of ADP are likely to follow suit .
" If a department or ideally a whole campus says this is a priority ... it 's more reinforced , " Ehrlich says .
" It gives us a good deal of reason to think positively .
Illustration by Kevin Kallaugher
THE reaction to Jesse Helms 's death on July 4th is a reminder of how bipolar American politics has become .
The right praised him as a man of principle who also overflowed with the milk of human kindness .
The left retorted — rightly , in our view — that he was also a bigot and a bully ( see article ) .
But at least conservatives and liberals have discovered one thing they can agree on : that Barack Obama is a cynical opportunist , a flip - flopper and a shape - changer , a man who brushes aside his principles with the same nonchalance that lesser mortals reserve for their dandruff .
Bob Herbert of the New York Times worries that Mr Obama is “ not just tacking gently to the centre .
He 's lurching right when it suits him , and he 's zigging with the kind of reckless abandon that 's guaranteed to cause disillusion , if not whiplash . ”
Some 22,000 people have protested on his website about his change of heart on wiretapping .
A group called “ Recreate68 ” promises to complain about his move to the centre at the Democratic convention in Denver in August .
For its part , the right has discovered that Mr Obama is not a “ hard left ” liberal , as it had previously thought , but a standard - issue politician who will “ say and do anything to get elected ” .
Charles Krauthammer calls him a “ man of seasonal principles ” .
Bo Snerdley , Rush Limbaugh 's sidekick , describes him as “ the first black Clinton ” .
“ Has there ever in recent political memory been so much calculation and bad faith by a politician who has made so much of eschewing both ? ” , asks Rich Lowry , the editor of the National Review .
This is all overstated .
Mr Obama was always clear that he was running for the presidency of the United States , not the chairmanship of MoveOn.org .
He has repeatedly presented himself as a post - partisan problem - solver who wants to work with Republicans as well as Democrats .
His enthusiasm for “ faith - based ” social services is long held .
Even on the issue that first endeared him to the left — the Iraq war — he made it abundantly clear that he was opposed to that particular war , not to the exercise of American power .
Still , there is no doubt that he has engaged in a bit of vigorous repositioning in the past few weeks .
The old Obama pledged to take public financing in the general election .
The new one will spend what it takes .
The old Obama pledged to filibuster a bill giving legal immunity to telecoms companies that co-operated with the government on terrorist surveillance .
The new one supports the bill .
The old Obama failed to wear a flag pin .
The new Obama talks about patriotism in a sea of American flags , praises General David Petraeus , the chief commander in Iraq , raises doubts about partial - birth abortion , agrees with the Supreme Court on gun rights , supports the death penalty for child - rapists and embraces faith - based social work .
But is n't moving to the centre just sensible politics as the primary turns into a general election ?
Ronald Reagan devoted a great deal of energy to persuading people that he was not a trigger - happy ideologue .
Bill Clinton sold himself as a New Democrat who felt Middle America 's pain .
George Bush initially styled himself a “ compassionate conservative ” .
The likes of Walter Mondale and Michael Dukakis , on the left , and Barry Goldwater , on the right , may have won brownie points from their supporters for sticking to their principles .
But they went down to calamitous defeats .
The oddity of this election cycle is not that Mr Obama is moving to the centre but that John McCain is moving to the right .
Mr Obama 's flip - flop on public finance is certainly cynical ( and his willingness to justify it as an act of high principle even more so ) .
But polls suggest that Americans are happy with a certain amount of flip - flopping : Mr Bush has all but destroyed the market in stubborn consistency .
And Mr Obama 's hard - edged cynicism also helps to quell one of the biggest doubts about his candidacy — that he is too naive and soft - minded to hold the most powerful job in the world .
Mr Obama is capitalising not only on his huge fund - raising advantage over Mr McCain but also on his rival 's problems with his base .
He is occupying the middle ground in order to reassure white voters that he shares their values .
This is no airy - fairy liberal who is going to allow himself to be pushed around by Middle Eastern despots .
This is a shrewd opportunist at work .
John Kerry 's shadow
The vital question is not whether Mr Obama is changing his positions but whether he is changing them for better or worse .
Here the picture is largely positive .
His new - found enthusiasm for NAFTA and free trade could help to avert a prosperity - destroying drift to protectionism .
Indeed , his chief economics adviser , Jason Furman , sounds like the very model of good sense .
Mr Obama 's willingness to support wiretapping in certain circumstances suggests that he is trying to strike a balance between security and privacy in what he calls a “ dangerous world ” : the policy challenge is not to pursue vendettas against the Bush administration but to find a reasonable set of rules to govern surveillance .
His repositioning on the Iraq war represents a recognition that the situation on the ground in Iraq has changed dramatically .
If there is a problem with all this repositioning , it is that it is not going far enough for most American moderates .
Mr Obama has punted on partial - birth abortion rather than denouncing the whole gruesome procedure .
He has insisted on putting restrictions on faith - based social services that most churches find unacceptable .
On July 3rd he held not one but two press conferences on Iraq — one in which he seemed to suggest that he would adjust his policy in the light of new realities , another in which he insisted that his position “ has not changed ” .
Mr Obama needs to embrace centrism as a matter of conviction rather than flirting with it as an instrument of political expediency .
Otherwise the accusations of flip - flopping that did John Kerry so much harm in 2004 will begin to bite .
" QUANTUM SHOT " # 453 ( rev ) Link - article by M. Christian and Avi Abrams
" It 's not the size that counts but what you do with it "
( top image : Captured WWII Railroad Gun ; image via )
1. Chinese Hand Cannons
Although they are n't known for having the biggest cannons , the Chinese were definitely the first builders and also the first to point them at people they did n't like .
For many reasons , though , they stopped using them , mostly because while the big guns terrified the folks they were pointed at , they also had a little defect .
They blew up .
Chinese Hand Cannon - Bronze firearm , Yuan dynasty ( 1271-1368 AD ) .
Photo by Yannick Trottier
A functional miniature replica of a Chinese Hand cannon , and a Hand Bombard , Europe 1380
Europeans really took to the idea of a thick metal cylinder , a charge of gunpowder , and a nasty surprise to hurl at people they did n't like .
A first these early cannons were simple mortars : a lump of bell - shaped iron ( because bell - makers were the first cannon - makers ) with a hole for the charge and the shell .
They still exploded as often as they fired , but unlike the Chinese , the Europeans thought the bang was worth the buck .
As long as someone else lit the fuse , that is .
Once they got that whole " exploding in your face " thing fixed , or at least tuned down to a dull roar , they began to really play the " mine is bigger than yours " game .
2. The First True Supergun
The first true " supergun " was The Great Turkish Bombard , which was also called the Dardanelles Gun , the Royal Gun , the Hungarian Cannon , Muhammed 's Great Gun or the less common but more honest " Good Lord , Look at the Size Of That Thing . "
Built in 1453 in Hungary and used by turks to conquer Constantinople , they shocked their builders by unexpectedly doing what they were designed to do : lobbing a 1,500 pound granite sphere at whoever they were pointed at .
3. Tsar 's Bragging Monster
Not to be outdone , the Russians swaggered up with their own Mutually Assured Demolisher .
Forged in 1585 , the Tsar Cannon was a 35 - inch - wide yawning monster designed to toss 800 pounds of grapeshot -- a whole lot of little cannon balls instead of one big one .
The Tsar Cannon was never fired , but that did n't stop the Russian military from boring everyone by bragging about how huge it was .
( image credit : Will )
Another huge cannon : Mons Meg , made in 1449 and actually fired for almost 200 years - is now located at Edinburgh Castle , Scotland :
( image via )
3. Trench Horror Upgrade
It 's said that the first world war was truly the first modern war .
Poison gas , tanks , air combat , the machine gun -- they were all gleefully experimented with during those years of trench horror .
But the classics were used as well , the old standby of thick metal cylinder , a charge of gunpowder , and a nasty surprise , never really going out of style .
But as this was a modern war , the classic cannon got a big -- a very big -- upgrade as well .
It 's odd that such a monster got a woman 's name , but the always - romantic Krupp engineers did just that : smashing champagne over the 17 - inch - caliber gun , they christened it after their boss 's -- possibly zaftig -- daughter .
Big Bertha , or more accurately " Fat Bertha " was a hit with the German military , showing the Belgians at Liège , Namur and Antwerp , and the French at Maubeuge who had the really big one .
( image courtesy of C. Luzent , les Canons de l'Apocalypse )
( images via )
But that was n't enough .
Sure Bertha had the thickness and the length , but what the Germans wanted was something to really show off -- especially since those swaggering Americans were about to enter the game .
4. Long Max to follow Big Bertha
Searching for something they could get to their Eastern Front , German military engineers glanced out at sea and hit on the idea of transplantation instead of simple enhancement .
To put it simply , the Long Max was a naval gun , the biggest one the Germans had .
Luckily it quickly got its land legs : on the battlefield it showed its potency by shooting off 1,600 pound shells a respectable distance ... of 30 miles .
( Comparison of 30.5 cm /50 and 38 cm/45 guns , image by Peter Lienau )
A naval ordnance on wheels - a 14in. , 30 mile gun ... an entire train composed of rail artillery ...
( images via )
5. The First Terror Weapon
But that was n't enough .
The Paris Gun was n't named because it reminded those warm - hearted Krupps of the famous City Of Light .
Hardly .
Another transplanted naval piece , the gun has sometimes been called the first terror weapon .
Although it needed a lot of maintenance , did n't shoot anything very heavy or destructive , but it still horrified that romantic city by dropping shells from ... wait for it ... 80 miles away .
It was a monster to the Germans as well -- mounted on a special train carriage , it was so loud that a set of regular artillery was fired along with it to hide its thunderous discharge .
Side note :
Dr. Kapitza proposed an interesting Electric Cannon in 1932 , which would use no gun powder , generating noiseless magnetic explosions - a sort of silent " Big Bertha " :
" SILENT guns sending their whistling messengers of death into the sky at speeds far beyond those now attained by powder - driven shells ... "
( images via , click to enlarge )
6. The Largest Gun Ever Built
Then , as Monty Python said , peace broke out and everyone got much more polite about the size of their ammunition .
Howitzers and field pieces tucked away , the refined gentleman nations of the world played croquet and gin rummy for a few decades until someone -- that is , Germany -- decided to wave their barrels and calibers in everyone 's faces .
No doubt about it , the Schwerer Gustav certainly was impressive .
Like the old Paris gun , this monster belonged to the German Navy , but unlike the piece that had frightened the City of Light , the Schwerer Gustav was more than a thunderous braggart .
First gun was named " Gustav " , the second - " Dora " :
The monster was so huge it took a team of 2,500 " volunteers " to lay track for it , and the train carrying and supporting it was 25 cars long , about a mile .
( See the rare video of " the biggest gun in the world " firing here )
Unlike the Paris version , it only had a range of about 30 miles , but this one could throw a shell that did n't weigh just 1,000 , 2,000 , or even 3,000 pounds -- the damned thing could fire a 7,100 - kilogram shell !
( That 's more like 15,620 ( US ) lbs )
( right image credit : Pepe Garcia )
Another gun from that era : K - 5E " Leopold "
( images credit : one35th.com )
See the 3 - D drawings of various German railway guns on this page , made by Greg Heuer :
7. The Centipede Supergun
The Germans were n't the only ones obsessed with the size of their guns .
The Brits and the Americans were not to be outdone , but they certainly seemed to be constantly looking down at their drawing boards , and wondering how their guns could be even bigger .
Before peace again broke out , Germany had one last idea , a gun that , once and for all , would given them ultimate bragging rights .
What makes the V3 Hochdruckpumpe ( " High Pressure Pump " , or " Centipede " ) gun so interesting is that it was n't one gun but a bunch of smaller ones that fired in precise order to kick its shell faster and faster .
Part of the whole Victor Weapon package that included the V1 Buzz Bomb and the V2 ( the first ballistic missile ) , the V3 was to be permanently mounted in a concrete fortress in France where it would have blasted a 300 - pound shell more than 100 miles , straight into the heart of London - the Yanks and the Brits , however , blasted the gun into oblivion before it was ready to fire back .
8. More - Than -Supergun to reach stratosphere
Things got coolly polite after the war .
We and They still obsessed over the sizes of our pieces , but new toys had begun to seriously threaten the satisfyingly primal big bang of massive artillery .
Missiles , luckily , had n't completely stolen the show .
Back in ' 61 two superpowers , the US and ... Canada ? ... worked with the genius gun-designer Gerald Bull on the HARP system , a more - than - supergun designed to reach to the edge of the stratosphere .
Like those charming folks at Krupps , Bull loved his guns .
After HARP went nowhere , Bull tried to find someone else to back his idea of a true supergun , a piece to end all pieces .
His ultimate project was called Project Babylon , and while Bull 's final intentions are a bit hazy , no one doubts that what he really wanted to do was make a gun big enough to do what HARP did n't have a chance to do : fire something into space .
Bull was a genius .
But he was profoundly stupid in one very crucial way : his choice of clients .
After knocking on all kinds of doors for Project Babylon sponsors , he finally managed to secure the backing of the president of a Middle Eastern country , who'd write the checks if Bull the gun master would build the biggest one in human history .
9. Saddam 's Supergun spells doom for its inventor
The problem was the signature on those checks belonged to Saddam Hussein ( more info ) , and a lot of his neighbors began to get kind of ... well , twitchy about someone like Hussein being able to wave Bull 's massive piece around , especially , if Bull had succeeded , it would have been able to fire a shell almost 500 miles .
( image credit : fas.org )
In the end Bull did n't succeed , not because of poor engineering but because of a considerably smaller gun .
A tiny thing , really , compared to what he wanted to show the world .
But , as the old saying goes , it 's not the size that counts but what you do with it .
And the Mossad ( the Israeli Secret Service ) knew just what to do with their small gun : put a tiny bullet in the brain of the man who was building a supergun for Saddam Hussein .
Article by M. Christian and Avi Abrams , Dark Roasted Blend .
CONTINUE TO DRB MILITARY CATEGORY ->
Please note our login process has changed .
You now use your email to login .
Email : *
Password : *
[ / caption ]
NASA is debating whether the new Orion capsule should land in the water , like Apollo , or on land , similar to how the Russian Soyuz capsule returns to Earth .
To help them determine the potential for human injuries with each possible landing scenario , NASA has used human cadavers during their tests .
At first , this revelation may seem quite morbid or even gruesome .
But as Keith Cowing said in his expose article on Space Ref and NASA Watch on this subject , “ Given the potentially hazardous nature of the tests required , cadavers must be used in the place of living persons . ”
Sometimes , crash - test dummies or computer simulations do n’t provide the crucial information needed , such as the forces on the spinal cord or internal organs .
If NASA does n’t have that information , they ca n’t get accurate test results .
Living test subjects could possibly be killed during the landing tests .
Imagine the headlines if that happened .
So they have used cadavers .
The cadavers NASA used were donated to science to be used for exactly this type of purpose , and NASA , of course , went through the proper channels to obtain the cadavers and treats them in an ethical manner .
So while this may seem a little grisly , NASA is doing the right thing .
Marc Carreau from the Houston Chronicle also wrote an article on this subject , and he interviewed David Steitz , a spokesman for NASA ’s medical division .
“ It ’s a socially awkward topic , ” Steitz said .
“ The bodies are all carefully handled through all of the tests .
We follow ethical medical procedures with these bodies that have been donated for science . ”
Three human bodies were used during testing last year , said NASA seat engineer Dustin Gohmert , to help determine the potential for serious human injury during descent and landing .
“ The interface between the spacesuit and the seats is relatively complex , much more so than in an automobile , even one from the racing industry , ” Gohmert said .
“ The ( forces ) we anticipate have never been studied before .
We are using this research to help define and refine the suits and the seats . ”
Tests using human bodies has been done for previous spacecraft , as well .
Cowing received this statement from NASA on the use of cadavers :
“ In limited cases , postmortem human subject tests may be performed when insufficient data are available from simulations that use dummies or from mathematical modeling of the human body responses .
This is particularly critical where the dynamic responses of internal organs and soft tissue must be evaluated .
Using a combination of test methods , the engineering and scientific teams at NASA are able to enhance astronaut safety by designing landing attenuation systems that will minimize accelerations imparted to the crew and significantly reduce the potential for injuries . ”
Personally , I could imagine donating my body for this type of research .
Even if I never get to fly to space when I ’m alive , I ’d be proud to help the rest of the human race get there and return safely by giving my body for tests such as this .
News Sources : NASA Watch , Space Ref , Houston Chronicle
California has a huge deficit , a looming cash crisis , an angry public and pressure to raise taxes -- and in this dismal state of affairs , the state ’s minority Republicans see opportunity .
GOP lawmakers hope to use their leverage over the state budget , which cannot pass without some of their votes , to roll back landmark policies implemented by Democrats and the governor .
Among them are curbs on greenhouse gas emissions , regulations banning the dirtiest diesel engines and rules dictating when employers must provide lunch breaks for workers .
None of those laws has any direct connection to the state budget ; changing them will do nothing to close California ’s $ 15.2 - billion deficit .
And the Democrats who control the Legislature already have rejected Republican proposals to delay or eliminate the laws through the regular legislative process .
But as pressure mounts on lawmakers to resolve the budget crisis , the GOP ’s renewed requests could get some traction .
Republican clout grows along with the state ’s financial problems -- at least during the summer budget season .
Advertisement
“ We think the budget is an appropriate place to talk about these issues , ” said Sen. George Runner ( R - Lancaster ) .
“ We are setting them on the table for discussion . ”
Runner acknowledges that the proposals wo n’t help balance the books in the coming fiscal year , but he argues that they would stimulate the economy and thus generate cash for the state over time .
“ They are reasonable issues to bring up ” now , he said .
Lawmakers are making little progress in those negotiations .
Legislators did not meet their June 15 constitutional deadline for passing a budget , and they are saying publicly that a spending plan is unlikely to be in place by the July 1 start of the fiscal year .
Advertisement
The state will run out of cash in September , according to the state treasurer , and finance officials say that borrowing to remain solvent will be extremely tough without a budget in place by July .
Securing a loan takes time , and lenders look for an enacted budget as assurance that the state will have enough cash to repay them .
Democrats , meanwhile , are calling for as much as $ 11.5 billion in new taxes -- though they have not specified what they want to tax .
Republicans say cuts in government services and programs are the way to go -- though they , too , mostly demur when it comes to specifics .
Republicans have made clear , however , that relaxing the environmental and labor laws would put them in more of a mood to compromise .
That position has drawn a sharp rebuke from Democrats and activists .
Advertisement
“ Using a fiscal crisis to delay and roll back protections for Californians is just wrong , ” said Sen. Alan Lowenthal ( D - Long Beach ) .
Sierra Club lobbyist Bill Magavern called the GOP lawmakers “ a dwindling minority trying to exploit the limited leverage they have . ”
Environmentalists are particularly outraged by the Republican call for a delay in the curbs on greenhouse emissions .
The global warming measure is one of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s proudest accomplishments .
It has landed the governor , himself a Republican , on the covers of magazines around the world .
Advertisement
State officials are drafting rules for implementing the emissions caps , which are scheduled to take effect in January 2010 .
GOP legislators say complying with the rules will be costly for businesses at a time when they already are reeling from the poor economy and higher oil prices .
They want the governor to exercise a provision in the law that allows him to postpone implementation by declaring that it would cause the state “ significant economic harm . ”
“ We ’ve got a major downturn in the economy , ” said Dave Cogdill of Modesto , leader of the state Senate ’s Republicans .
“ We ’re trying to convince the governor to give us more time on this . ”
Republicans are making the same case for new rules requiring retrofitting of diesel engines on trucks , tractors and heavy construction equipment .
The engines are a leading source of pollution and have been singled out by scientists as a cause of thousands of premature deaths and hospital admissions for respiratory problems in California each year .
Advertisement
Supporters of the laws say that the sickness they will prevent and the boost they will give to “ green ” technologies promise to be far more helpful to California ’s economy than a delay in their implementation .
Schwarzenegger has said through aides that he does not wish to postpone environmental regulations and wo n’t let the budget situation sidetrack his long - term goals .
But he also says nothing is off the table .
“ We have open doors where everything is on the table , ” Schwarzenegger said in a speech last month to the California Peace Officers Assn .
“ I do n’t want to go and say to anything , ‘ No . ’ ”
Schwarzenegger spokesman Aaron McLear said the governor is interested , for example , in working with Republicans on a relaxation of workplace rules that dictate when employees must be granted lunch breaks .
Advertisement
The governor , an ally of the state Chamber of Commerce and other business groups , is sympathetic to complaints from business owners that some workplace rules cost them money without benefiting employees .
The example most often cited comes from restaurant owners who say they must give their workers breaks at particular times , even if it is in the middle of the busiest shift , when many would rather be working tables to collect tips .
The Legislature must sign off on changes to such laws , something Democrats say they have no intention of doing .
Their labor allies say budget season is a cynical time to raise the issue .
“ If these were viable policy proposals , they would pass on their own merits , ” said Emily Clayton , policy coordinator with the California Labor Federation .
Advertisement
Republicans , she said , “ are trying to hold the budget negotiations hostage . ”
--
evan.halper@latimes.com
For years , the media and Democrats have sold the public an understanding that Gerorge W. Bush fabricated a story that Saddam Hussein had a WMD program in order to justify invading Iraq , which invasion then becomes " based on a lie . "
About 550 metric tons of yellowcake concentrated uranium were recently shipped out of Iraq .
It had been part of Saddam Hussein 's nuclear program .
That much was recently reported by the Associated Press .
I wrote an article for American Thinker that commented on that story the day it appeared .
That yellowcake stockpile pre-dated 1991 , and had been under the UN's International Atomic Energy Agency " safeguard " from then until 2003 .
That was mentioned in the AP article and I mentioned it in the update to my article the day it was published .
In fact , American Thinker contributors Douglas Hanson and Rick Moran had written about that yellowcake stockpile years ago
here
,
here
and
here
. Douglas Hanson reported four years ago :
" Professor Norman Dombey , professor of theoretical physics at the University of Sussex , England , has confirmed that Saddam Hussein had more than enough yellowcake uranium to make over 100 nuclear weapons . "
The recent AP story was not news with respect to the existence of this stockpile in Iraq to those who follow such things closely .
But I 'm sure many readers had never been aware of this large stockpile of yellowcake in Iraq at all .
This new AP story , and perhaps my article , helped get that information out .
As Investor 's Business Daily more recently put it , " Seems to us this should be big news , " but " the mainstream media find it inconveniently contradicts the story they have been telling you for years . "
Also , this new story reminded even those aware of its existence of what a huge and dangerous stockpile it was .
First , it took 37 military flights to ship it from Baghdad to Diego Garcia .
Even when not processed into nuclear weapons , it was dangerous in its own right , being radioactive .
It could also be used in other methods of spreading radiation short of full nuclear bombs .
The AP story explained the logistical nightmare of simply transporting it .
It also cited the fear of it falling into the hands of insurgents .
That is how dangerous it was when we were in control of it .
However , some readers have noted its " old news " aspect .
One wrote the American Thinker as follows .
" Of course there was lots of yellow cake in Iraq .
Those news orgs you so dislike reported five years ago on how tons of it was just sitting out in the open in Tawaitha .
It was so accessible that the locals were looting the site .
Most of the articles at that time were critical of the lack of security from U.S. troops for the former nuclear development site .
Please note the word former ... it 's pretty important since former was the word you could use in 2000 as well .
Anyway , that is n't news .
Neither is the fact that Saddam had delivery mechanisms .
However , he did not have an active nuclear weapons program , unless one means the capacity to deliver one or two dirty bombs ( which the yellow cake could n't be used for , btw , because it is basically an inert compound ) .
But even dirty bombs are n't a particularly scary threat , since you or I or anyone else could buy materials for dirty bombs at Home Depot .
But Saddam just did n't have the resources to do anything more than that due to IAEA inspections and other international efforts .
In fact , he did n't have any technology or raw materials dating anytime after 1991 .
He was technologically impotent .
Which means the UN 's efforts , so belittled by the Bush administration in the ramp - up to invasion ( as well as by revisionist neocon historians ...? ) had worked exactly as intended .
So the " American Thinker " article is really a great example of precisely the distorted sort of ranting that it tries to claim is nobly contrary to popular sentiment but somehow true .
But it 's not true .
It 's simply bizarre . "
I believe the dirty bomb scenario is irrelevant here .
Saddam could have had an active program without having anything in production or deliverable at all .
A weapon program is not a weapon ; it is a program -- it means the potential for future weapons .
This distinction seems to get lost way too often .
I also believe it is way too naive to think being under IAEA safeguard really means " safe " .
First , Saddam continually defied the IAEA as it was ; that was a reason for multiple UN resolutions to sanction him .
Second , the IAEA got what little respect it did from Saddam because the U.S. was backing it up with about 150,000 troops on the ready nearby .
Third , Saddam was using oil - for - food money to bribe away the sanctions and inspection regime ( see the Duelfer Report ) .
Fourth , why did n't the IAEA make Saddam get rid of it ?
In short , the IAEA was no guarantee that Saddam would keep his hands off that stockpile in the near future , or that he was keeping away from it even then .
But a question remains : Was Saddam 's nuclear weapon program active at the time of our invasion in 2003 ?
As IBD puts it , this yellowcake stockpile " more or less proves Saddam in 2003 had a program on hold for building WMD and that he planned to boot it up again soon . "
Is a program that is " on hold " not an " active " program ?
Does it matter ?
After all , a " program " is not currently deliverable WMD ; it is the potential of future WMD .
In turn , a program " on hold " just pushes the date of deliverable WMD a little more into the future .
How tightly do you want to time defending yourself against incoming WMD ?
( To many critics , there just never seems to be a good time .
From the time WMD are in development to the time nuclear missiles are inbound , these critics just can't seem to find an appropriate window of opportunity to defend against them . )
But let me get back to the question of whether Saddam had an active nuclear program in 2003 , in the strong sense of the word " active " .
The recent AP story on the shipment of the stockpile to Canada does not let us conclude anything one way or the other on that .
But that does not mean that Saddam did not have an active WMD program in 2003 .
Nor does it mean the 550 tons of yellowcake were " safe " , even if under UN " safeguard " .
Nor does it mean we had nothing to worry about from Saddam regarding WMD in 2003 .
It simply means , as it always did , that in 2003 Saddam was sitting on enough yellowcake to make more than 100 nuclear weapons .
While some read the Duelfer Report as conclusive and definitive ( meaning no nuclear program in 2003 , period ) , read its " findings " closely .
Duelfer states that " Iraq 's ability to reconstitute a nuclear weapons program progressively decayed " after 1991 , and the " ISG found no evidence to suggest concerted efforts to restart the program . "
A " decayed " ability does not mean non-existent .
Finding " no evidence " does not mean no existence .
And why would an effort need to be " concerted ? "
( Always beware of adjectives in executive summaries . )
Duelfer also reports " Iraq took steps to conceal key elements of its program . "
In the nuclear section of the Duelfer report , the word " looted " is found 28 times , as in " U.S. military forces found Al - Athir abandoned and heavily looted .
ISG visited and found no evidence of uranium conversion activities . "
I do not think it " bizarre " that the Saddam regime , one that had once had WMD programs and deployable chemical weapons ( which are WMD ) , a government that had defied UN inspectors multiple times , and one that " took steps to conceal " its WMD programs , might just clear out evidence of its programs -- those areas that were " looted " -- once it was likely they would fall into the hands of the U.S. Coalition .
As I have said before , Eliot Ness also found " no evidence " in Al Capone 's hotel room .
Frankly , I do n't know for sure what is true .
Saddam might have had ready - to - go WMD , but they were hidden or taken to another country by the time our CIA inspectors showed up in Iraq .
( Duelfer says " we cannot express a firm view on the possibility that WMD elements were relocated out of Iraq prior to the war . " )
Saddam might have had active programs , but they were concealed at the time , with the evidence destroyed ( " looted " ) by March 2003 .
Or maybe he really did put all his programs on hiatus by 2003 .
But even Charles Duelfer concluded that Saddam had every intention of getting back into the WMD business as soon as he could end the sanctions regime , which he was busy doing with oil - for - food bribes .
I think it neither illogical nor bizarre to think Saddam had WMD or WMD programs in 2003 .
I still believe he did , in a " preponderance of the evidence " sense .
And I believe , beyond a reasonable doubt , that he would have been back in the WMD business by now , if not by 2004 , had we not invaded .
That he sat on 550 metric tons of yellowcake under UN " safeguard " is about as comforting to me as knowing the convicted child rapist next door has a case of duct tape ( dual use , by the way ) that the police check up on every week .
Physical theories as women
0. Newtonian gravity is your high - school girlfriend .
As your first encounter with physics , she 's amazing .
You will never forget Newtonian gravity , even if you 're not in touch very much anymore .
1. Electrodynamics is your college girlfriend .
Pretty complex , you probably wo n't date long enough to really understand her .
2. Special relativity is the girl you meet at the dorm party while you 're dating electrodynamics .
You make out .
It 's not really cheating because it 's not like you call her back .
But you have a sneaking suspicion she knows electrodynamics and told her everything .
3. Quantum mechanics is the girl you meet at the poetry reading .
Everyone thinks she 's really interesting and people you do n't know are obsessed about her .
You go out .
It turns out that she 's pretty complicated and has some issues .
Later , after you 've broken up , you wonder if her aura of mystery is actually just confusion .
4. General relativity is your high - school girlfriend all grown up .
Man , she is amazing .
You sort of regret not keeping in touch .
She hates quantum mechanics for obscure reasons .
5. Quantum field theory is from overseas , but she does n't really have an accent .
You fall deeply in love , but she treats you horribly .
You are pretty sure she 's fooling around with half of your friends , but you do n't care .
You know it will end badly .
6 . Cosmology is the girl that does n't really date , but has lots of hot friends .
Some people date cosmology just to hang out with her friends .
7. Analytical classical mechanics is a bit older , and knows stuff you do n't .
8 . String theory is off in her own little world .
She is either profound or insane .
If you start dating , you never see your friends anymore .
It 's just string theory , 24/7 .
For several months Nick Carr has pointed out that Wikipedia ranks highly in the search results for a number of common topics in Google 's search engine .
In his post entitled Googlepedia Nick Carr speculated on why Google would see this trend as a threat in a paragraph which is excerpted below
I 'm guessing that serving as the front door for a vast ad - less info - moshpit outfitted with open source search tools is not exactly the future that Google has in mind for itself .
Enter Knol .
Clearly Nick Carr was n't the only one that realized that Google was slowly turning into a Wikipedia redirector .
Google wants to be the # 1 source for information or at least be serving ads on the # 1 sites on the Internet in specific area .
Wikipedia was slowly eroding the company 's effectivenes at achieving both goals .
So it is unsurprising that Google has launched Knol and is trying to entice authors away from Wikipedia by offering them a chance to get paid .
What is surprising is that Google is tipping it 's search results to favor Knol .
Or at least that is the conclusion of several search engine optimization ( SEO ) experts and also jibes with my experiences .
Danny Sullivan wrote in his post The Day After : Looking At How Well Knol Pages Rank On Google that
We 've been assured that just because content sits on Google 's Knol site , it wo n't gain any ranking authority from being part of the Knol domain .
OK , so a day after Knol has launched , how 's that holding up ?
I found 1/3 of the pages listed on the Knol home page that I tested ranked in the top results .
…
I was surprised to see a post covering how Knol 's How to Backpack was already hitting the number three spot on Google .
Really ?
I mean , how many links could this page have gotten already ?
As it turns out , quite a few .
And more important , it 's featured on the Knol home page , which itself is probably one of the most important links .
While Knol uses nofollow on individual knols to prevent link credit from flowing out , it 's not used on the home page -- so home page credit can flow to individual knols featured on it .
…
here 's a test knol I made yesterday -- Firefox Plugins For SEO & SEM -- which ranks 28 for firefox plugins for seo .
I never linked to it from my article about knol .
I do n't think it made the Knol home page .
I can see only three links pointing at it , and only one of those links uses anchor text relevant to what the page is ranking for .
And it's in the top 30 results ?
Look , I know that being ranked 28 is pretty much near invisible in terms of traffic you 'll get from search engines .
But then again , to go from nowhere to the 28th top page in Google out of 755,000 matches ?
I 'm sorry -- do n't tell me that being in Knol does n't give your page some authority .
Aaron
Wall noticed something even more insidious in his post entitled Google Knol - Google 's Latest Attack on Copyright where he notices that if Google notices duplicate content then it favors the content on Knol over a site that has existed for years and has decent PageRank .
His post is excerpted below
Another Knol Test Maybe we are being a bit biased and / or are rushing to judgement ?
Maybe a more scientific effort would compare how Knol content ranks to other content when it is essentially duplicate content ?
I did not want to mention that I was testing that when I created my SEO Basics Knol , but the content was essentially a duplicate of my Work.com Guide to Learning SEO ( that was also syndicated to Business.com ) .
Even Google shows this directly on the Knol page Google Knows its Duplicate Content Is Google the Most Authoritative Publisher ?
Given that Google knows that Business.com is a many year old high authority directory and that the Business.com page with my content on it is a PageRank 5 , which does Google prefer to rank ?
Searching for a string of text on the page I found that the Knol page ranks in the search results .
If I override some of Google 's duplicate content filters ( by adding & filter=0 to the search string ) then I see that 2 copies of the Knol page outrank the Business .
com page that was filtered out earlier .
Interesting .
Following Danny 's example , I also tried running some searches for terms that appear on the Knol homepage and seeing how they did in Google 's search .
Here 's the screenshot of the results of searching for " buttermilk pancakes "
Not bad for a page that has existed on the Web for less than two weeks .
Google is clearly favoring Knol content over content from older , more highly linked sites on the Web .
I wo n't bother with the question of whether Google is doing this on purpose or whether this is some innocent mistake .
The important question is " What are they going to do about it now that we 've found out ? "
What Little House on the Prairie Taught Me About Debt
I may be dating myself here , but I used to love the show Little House on the Prairie as a kid .
Little did I know that I would learn a lot about finances and debt by watching .
Here are a few of the things I picked up .
1 . Do what you have to do , and be proud of it .
I remember the episode entitled , The Richest Man in Walnut Grove , where the Ingalls family ran up a debt at Oleson ’s Mercantile .
Charles was expecting a nice paycheck from the sawmill , but the money did n’t come in .
To pay off his debt , he worked digging ditches .
The kids at school made fun of Laura , because they said Charles smelled bad from working so hard .
Charles told Laura that it was true .
He did smell bad .
But he was working to provide for his family , and that was something for which he should be proud .
You should always be proud of the effort you put into paying off your debts .
Even if you ’re mowing lawns on Saturdays to raise extra money , the effort is worthwhile and something to be proud of .
2 . Do n’t bank on money that you do n’t have yet .
If Charles would n’t have spent his paycheck before it was in his hands , he never would have been in debt to the Olesons in the first place .
Never spend what you do n’t yet have .
My husband and I fell into this trap earlier this year .
We knew we had some inheritance money coming , so we charged a new computer on a 0 % card .
We just knew we could pay it off before the interest hit .
Unfortunately , my husband lost his job in that time period , and we needed to use the inheritance money for basic expenses .
We ’re still paying on the credit card .
3 . Every little bit adds up .
When the Ingalls family was working to pay off their debt , they focused their efforts and put every last resource into paying their bill .
Charles dug ditches .
Mary quit school for a while to earn money by sewing .
Laura did Mary ’s chores , so Mary would have more time to work .
Caroline did the farm work , so Charles could work multiple jobs .
Everyone pitched in .
They pooled their resources and worked together as a family until the debt was paid .
When your family pulls together , you will be able to pay your debt more quickly .
Family morale also remains high when your family is working together toward a common goal .
4 . Your whole family benefits when the debt is paid .
The Ingalls family paid their debt at the Mercantile together as a family .
You could see the pride on their faces .
They had worked together .
It was n’t easy , but they got the job done .
They had accomplished their goal .
When your family works together toward a goal and succeeds , it builds family unity .
It also instills strong values in your children .
Hypothetically , I ’ll bet Mary , Laura , and Carrie never forgot the feeling of paying for the purchases they made that day in cash .
The same thing is true of families today .
If you make taking care of your finances a priority , and your children see it and are part of the process , they will learn .
They will be far less likely to make the same financial mistakes that you have .
At the end of the episode , after seeing the proud looks on the Ingalls ’ faces as they paid their bill , Nels Oleson took Charles aside and said , “ I think you ’re the richest man in Walnut Grove ” .
Charles replied , “ I know I am . ”
Family and values are much more important than anything money can buy .
Wealth does not come from the things you can afford to buy .
It comes from who you are and what you stand for .
Election Night 2008 " You Can Vote However You Like "
Nov. 4 , 2008  --
After all the policy speeches , debates , town hall meetings , rallies , polls , conference calls , bus tours , commercials , web videos , more conference calls , Saturday Night Live sketches , press releases , In Case You Missed Its , and more conference calls , the day has finally arrived .
An election night that has been nearly two years in the making – decades maybe if you go back to the point where both candidates first pondered this moment – and finally the voters have their say .
Below is a handy guide to the evening – poll closing times , Electoral College votes by state , and key congressional and gubernatorial races .
Election 2008 by the numbers :
Money Raised -- Primaries & General Election :
Obama $ 659.1 million
McCain $ 233.6 million ( McCain accepted public financing )
Money spent -- Primaries & General Election :
Obama $ 593.1 million
McCain $ 273.5 million
Number of TV ad airings during the general , from the Campaign Media Analysis Group :
Obama 370,000
McCain 250,000
Events in Battleground States :
Obama : 230
Biden : 107
McCain : 252
Palin : 150
ABC News kicks off Election Night coverage at 6:30 pm ET from the Crossroads of the World , Times Square , with a special edition of " World News with Charles Gibson " and continues with election coverage from 7 pm ET until at least 2 am ET .
On election night , ABC News will transform Times Square into an outdoor global viewing event , with thousands of people watching ABC News coverage of real time election results on three iconic jumbo screens .
ABC NewsNow 's coverage tonight will be hosted by Sam Donaldson and Rick Klein and live - streaming on ABCNews.com .
Klein , ever the multi- tasker , will be live - blogging while on the air .
Everything else you need for Election Night is right on ABCNews.com :
Want more information on the key battleground states ?
ABCNews ' political unit has analyzed the polling data , information and reported from across all 50 states for the last 50 consecutive days .
Check out our " 50 States in 50 Days " map and dig down into each state to learn more .
A map of presidential results state - by - state and Senate , House and Gubernatorial races .
Want to play pundit ?
Check out the ABC News.com Electoral College Calculator where you can determine the national landscape and give states to Obama or McCain .
With so much talk about exit polls , find out who voted and why in a sate by state and nationwide breakdown of voting demographics and full exit polls .
Hear from everyday voters about their experiences at the polls today and read about the Ballotwatch team 's reporting on these problems with the new Ballotwatch blog here .
7:00 PM ET 58 Electoral votes
PRES Obama McCain
Georgia ( 15 )
SEN Jim Martin- Saxby Chambliss
GA - 8 HOUSE Jim Marshall - Rick Goddard
Virginia ( 13 )
SEN Mark Warner - Jim Gilmore
VA - 2 HOUSE Glenn Nye- Thelma Drake
VA - 5 HOUSE Tom Perriello - Virgil Goode
Indiana ( 11 )
GOV Jill Long Thompson - Mitch Daniels
IN - 3 HOUSE Michael Montagano - Mark Souder
Kentucky ( 8 )
SEN Bruce Lunsford - Mitch McConnell
KY - 2 HOUSE David Boswell - Brett Guthrie
South Carolina( 8 )
SEN Bob Conley - Lindsey Graham
Vermont ( 3 )
GOV Gaye Symington - Jim Douglass
7:30 PM ET 40 Electoral Votes
Ohio ( 20 )
OH - 1 HOUSE Steve Driehaus - Steve Chabot
OH - 15 HOUSE Mary Jo Kilroy - Steve Stivers
OH - 16 HOUSE John Boccieri- Kirk Schuring
North Carolina ( 15 )
SEN Kay Hagan - Elizabeth Dole
GOV Bev Perdue - Pat McCrory
NC - 8 HOUSE Larry Kissell - Robin Hayes
West Virginia ( 5 )
SEN Jay Rockefeller - Jay Wolfe
GOV Joe Manchin- Russ Weeks
8:00 PM ET 171 Electoral Votes
Florida ( 27 )
FL - 21 HOUSE Raul Martinez - Lincoln Diaz - Balart
FL - 24 HOUSE Suzanne Kosmas - Tom Feeney
Illinois ( 21 )
SEN Richard Durbin- Steve Sauerberg
IL - 10 HOUSE Dan Seals - Mark Kirk
IL - 11 HOUSE Debbie Halvorson - Martin Ozinga
Pennsylvania ( 21 )
PA - 3 HOUSE Kathy Dahlkemper - Phil English
PA - 10 HOUSE Chris Carney - Chris Hackett
PA - 11 HOUSE Paul Kanjorski- Lou Barletta
New Jersey ( 15 )
SEN Frank Lautenberg - Dick Zimmer
NJ - 3 HOUSE John Adler - Christopher Myers
NJ - 7 HOUSE Linda Stender - Leonard Lance
Massachusetts ( 12 )
SEN John Kerry - Jeff Beatty
Missouri ( 11 )
GOV Jay Nixon - Kenny Hulshof
MO - 6 HOUSE Kay Barnes - Sam Graves
MO - 9 HOUSE Judy Baker - Blaine Luetkemeyer
Tennessee ( 11 )
SEN Bob Tuke - Lamar Alexander
Maryland ( 10 )
MD - 1 HOUSE Frank Kratovil - Andrew Harris
Alabama ( 9 )
SEN Vivian Figures - Jeff Sessions
AL - 5 HOUSE Parker Griffith - Wayne Parker
AL - 2 HOUSE Bobby Bright - Jay Love
Connecticut ( 7 )
CT - 4 HOUSE Jim Himes - Christopher Shays
Oklahoma ( 7 )
SEN Andrew Rice - James Inhofe
Mississippi ( 6 )
SEN Erik Fleming - Thad Cochran
SEN Ronnie Musgrove - Roger Wicker
MS - 1 HOUSE Travis Childers - Greg Davis
Maine ( 4 )
SEN Tom Allen - Susan Collins
New Hampshire ( 4 )
SEN Shaheen - John Sununu
GOV John Lynch - Joe Kenney
NH - 1 HOUSE Carol Shea - Porter - Jeb Bradley
Delaware ( 3 )
SEN Joe Biden - Christine O'Donnell
GOV Jack Markell - William Swain Lee
D.C. ( 3 )
PRES Obama - McCain
8:30 PM ET 6 Electoral Votes
Arkansas ( 6 )
SEN Mark Pryor
9:00 PM ET 159 Electoral Votes
Texas ( 34 )
SEN Rick Noriega - John Cornyn
TX - 22 HOUSE Nick Lampson - Pete Olson
New York ( 31 )
NY - 13 HOUSE Mike McMahon - Robert Straniere
NY - 20 HOUSE Kirsten Gillibrand - Sandy Treadwell
NY - 26 HOUSE Alice Kryzan - Christopher Lee
NY - 29 HOUSE Eric Massa - Randy Kuhl
Michigan ( 17 )
SEN Carl Levin- Jack Hoogendyk
MI - 7 HOUSE Mark Shauer - Tim Walberg
MI - 9 HOUSE Gary Peters - Joe Knollenberg
Arizona ( 10 )
PRES Obama - McCain
Minnesota ( 10 )
SEN Al Franken - Norm Coleman
MN - 3 HOUSE Ashwin Madia - Erik Paulsen
MN - 6 HOUSE Elwyn Tinklenberg - Michele Bachmann
Wisconsin ( 10 )
WI - 8 HOUSE Steve Kagen - John Gard
Colorado ( 9 )
SEN Mark Udall - Bob Schaffer
CO - 4 HOUSE Betsy Markey - Marilyn Musgrave
Louisiana ( 9 )
SEN Mary Landrieu - John Kennedy
LA -6 HOUSE Don Cazayoux - Bill Cassidy
Kansas ( 6 )
SEN Jim Slattery - Pat Roberts
KS - 2 HOUSE Nancy Boyda - Lynn Jenkins
Nebraska ( 5 )
SEN Scott Kleeb - Mike Johanns
NE - 2 HOUSE Jim Esch - Lee Terry
New Mexico ( 5 )
SEN Tom Udall - Steve Pearce
NM - 1 HOUSE Marty Heinrich - Darren
White
NM - 2 HOUSE Harry Teague - Ed Tinsley
Rhode Island ( 4 )
SEN Jack Reed - Bob Tingle
North Dakota ( 3 )
GOV Tim Mathern - John Hoeven
South Dakota ( 3 )
SEN Tim Johnson - Joel Dykstra
Wyoming ( 3 )
SEN Christopher Rothfuss - Michael Enzi
SEN Nick Carter - John Barrasso
10:00 PM ET 20 Electoral Votes
Iowa ( 7 )
SEN Tom Harkin- Christopher Reed
Nevada ( 5 )
NV - 3 HOUSE Dina Titus - Jon Porter
Utah ( 5 )
GOV Bob Springmeyer - Jon Huntsman
Montana ( 3 )
SEN Max Baucus - Bob Kelleher
GOV Brian Schweitzer - Roy Brown
11:00 PM ET 81 Electoral Votes
California ( 55 )
CA -11 HOUSE Jerry McNerney - Dean Andal
CA -50 HOUSE Nick Leibham - Brian Bilbray
Washington ( 11 )
GOV Christine Gregoire - Dino Rossi
WA - 8 HOUSE Darcy Burner - Dave Reichert
Oregon ( 7 )
SEN Jeff Merkley - Gordon Smith
Hawaii ( 4 )
PRES Obama - McCain
Idaho ( 4 )
SEN Larry LaRocco - Jim Risch
ID - 1 HOUSE Walter Minnick - Bill Sali
1:00 AM ET 3 Electoral Votes
Alaska ( 3 )
SEN Mark Begich - Ted Stevens
AK - AL HOUSE Ethan Berkowitz - Don Young
POLITICAL NEWS STORIES ON ABCNEWS.COM
ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos : Guide to Election Night : Six Early States to Watch LINK
ABC News ' Kate Barrett : Race Boils Down to Battlegrounds LINK
ABC News ' Susan Donaldson James : Historic Election 2008 : For the Record Books LINK
ABC News ' Emily Friedman : Democrats Vie for Filibuster - Proof Senate LINK
ABC News ' Matt Jaffe : Biden Greets Virginia Voters on Election Day LINK
ABC News ' Andy Fies : Small Moments Writ Large LINK
ABC News ' Andy Fies : Irony in Geography LINK
ABC News ' Matt Jaffe : Biden Casts His Ballot in Wilmington LINK
ABC News ' Matt Jaffe : Phils fan Biden rallies City of Brotherly Love LINK
ABC News ' Imtiyaz Delawala : Palin's Family Physician Says
She 's in " Excellent Health " LINK
ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos : Turnout LINK
ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos : Key Moments LINK
ABC News ' Jake Tapper : Rove Calls it for Obama : 338-200 Electoral Blowout LINK
ABC News ' Jake Tapper : Among the Other Voters LINK
ABC News ' Jake Tapper and Matt Jaffe : Oh , That Joe ! ( No. 46 in a Series ) -- Gaffes ?
What Gaffes ?
LINK
ABC News ' Jake Tapper : All Eyes Turn to Coos County LINK
POLITICAL VIDEO ON ABCNEWS.COM
Voters Get Excited and Emotional
For some people , Election Day goes beyond just casting a ballot .
LINK
Election Day Is Under Way
Long voting lines are reported in the swing states of Ohio and Virginia .
LINK
McCain Casts His Vote
The senator and his wife vote at Albright United Methodist church in Phoenix .
LINK
Obama Casts His Vote
The senator and his wife vote at Chicago 's Shoesmith Elementary School .
LINK
Obama Demands College Football Playoffs
Democratic candidate speaks with ESPN's Chris Berman on " Monday Night Football . "
LINK
McCain Says He Can Go ,
All , the , Way
Republican candidate speaks with ESPN's Chris Berman on " Monday Night Football . "
LINK
Hasselbeck Still Angry About Rev. Wright
" View " co-host continues to blast Obama for past ties with his ex-pastor .
LINK
' View ' Is Sick of Voting Problems
The ladies wonder why the election process never seems to run smoothly .
LINK
Kimmel : Bush Gets the Boot
Jimmy shows a bogus ad giving McCain and Obama something to agree on .
LINK
Kimmel : Obama Attacks Sagging Pants
The senator takes on the issue of ill - fitting clothes during an MTV interview .
LINK
Young Muslim Voters
The Muslim community at Syracuse University weighs in on the U.S. election .
LINK
Political Dream Team Breaks
It Down
Cokie Roberts , Matt Dowd and Juan Williams discuss the election .
LINK
What Else Is on the Ballot ?
Voters in several states weigh in on some controversial ballot questions .
LINK
Frank Luntz Tracks the Voters
The veteran pollster uses Squiggle technology to help analyze voter reactions .
LINK
What Your Vote Means
Voters explain in three words what voting means to them .
LINK
Campaigning in the 11th Hour
John McCain makes his final pitch to American voters .
LINK
David Plouffe on Barack Obama
Obama 's campaign manager makes a final pitch for the Democratic candidate .
LINK
Candidates Fire Up Voters
Obama , Biden , McCain and Palin address crowds in the final hours of campaigning .
LINK
Sen. Stevens Asks for Alaskans ' Vote
GOP Sen. : " My Future is in God 's hands .
Alaska 's future is in yours . "
LINK
Dole Ad : ' Promises '
Dole ad suggests Kay Hagan received money from the " Godless Americans " PAC .
LINK
Final Push to Get Out the Vote
Campaigns create last - minute recruiting frenzy in battleground states .
LINK
Jake Tapper on the Last - Minute Rush
A look at the final moments of the Obama and McCain campaigns .
LINK
The Bottom Line on Election Day
George Stephanopoulos discusses the last leg in the race to the White House .
LINK
Plunging to the Polls
Texas man hands out " Joe the Plumber " plungers to McCain supporters .
LINK
The Business of Calif . Propositions
A look at who is sponsoring which ballot initiatives and with how much money .
LINK
You 're a teen hacker , you want to impress , you demo code
__Jonny looks around , confused , his train of thought disrupted .
He collects himself and stares at the teacher with a steady eye .
" I want to code demos , " he says , his words becoming stronger and more confident as he speaks .
" I want to write something that will change people 's perception of reality .
I want them to walk away from the computer dazed , unsure of their footing and eyesight .
I want to write something that will reach out of the screen and grab them , make their heartbeats and breathing slow to almost a halt .
I want to write something they are reluctant to leave , knowing that nothing they experience that day will be quite as real , as insightful , as good .
I want to write demos . "
Silence .
The class and the teacher stare at Jonny , stunned .
It is the teacher 's turn to be confused .
Jonny blushes , feeling that something more is required .
" Either that or I want to be a fireman . "
- from PC Demos Explained , on the Web at trixter / html / demos.html ] ( http://www.mcs.net/ [ www.mcs.net/ trixter/html/demos.html ] ( http://www.mcs.net/ trixter/html/demos.html ) .__
Demos are the last bastion of passionate enthusiast - only programming .
It 's not a true story , but it sums up the demo coding ethos just fine .
If you 're young , like computers , and have plenty of free time , there are three main ways to impress your peers .
You can hack into other people 's systems , you can crack the copy protection on games software , or you can code demos .
Years ago , young people used the term demo as shorthand for a political march or rally .
Now , to thousands of computer - obsessed kids across Europe ( and a growing number in the US ) , it 's more likely to mean a short , self - contained graphics - and - sound demonstration program .
But it is n't a demonstration of a game or business application , and it has n't been commissioned for any ulterior commercial purpose .
The only thing it demonstrates are the skills of its programmer - or , more often , the skills of a group of coders , graphic artists , and musicians who 've grouped together .
And the only reason it has been written is to show off .
Demos are the last bastion of passionate , crazed , enthusiast - only programming , crafted purely for the hell of it by inspired teenagers working entirely in their spare time .
The teens create jaw - dropping audiovisual effects beyond the dreams of most multimedia designers .
Constantly striving to better their rivals , devotees of the demo scene cram spectacular three - or four - minute presentations onto a single 800 - Kbyte floppy disk , fitting them into tiny amounts of memory .
Freely spread by disk - swapping over bulletin boards and other sites on the Internet , then replayed on home computers all over the planet , each demo becomes a piece of digital graffiti , proclaiming the superiority of the gang that created it .
Demos are made by the rock - and - roll groups of code .
The demo scene is driven by competition , visible at its best in huge three - to five - day demo parties , which take place during the school holidays in mainland Europe .
Thousands of young coders attend these events , their latest works proudly on display .
Most demos follow a traditional structure - vivid animations , spinning polygons , and assorted video effects , all pulsing to a techno , rock , or jazz soundtrack .
( A second , quieter sequence scrolls the credits , comments , and greetings to other coders , often in charmingly bad English . )
But the discussions and voting that decide the best are always heated and controversial , because what drives every demo coder is the overwhelming desire to create something new , something spectacular , something cool .
Despite growing European press coverage , demos have remained part of the computer underground - they first appeared in Northern Europe in the early ' 80s as add - on introductions to illegally " cracked " computer games .
Terrified of playground piracy , software companies experimented with means of making their games disks copy - proof .
For hard - bitten hackers sitting at home looking for a fresh programming challenge , this was like putting a red rag in front of a bull .
They 'd spend hours ( or days ) cracking the copy protection , and then , pleased with their achievements , would write a brief audiovisual intro sequence claiming credit for it before redistributing the pirated warez to their contacts and friends .
As the abilities of home computers ( and programmers ) grew , the intros to cracked games became more and more impressive , and they began to get distributed in their own right .
And so the demo scene was born .
Today 's demo scene is packed with works of astonishing sophistication .
Everyone you ask has a favorite : Human Target , from French coding team Melon Dezign , was one of the first to synchronize all the graphics to the music ; the groundbreaking Jesus on E's by UK group LSD combines a rave soundtrack with flickering counterculture imagery .
Switchback by Rebels takes you on a rendered high - speed roller coaster ride , while State of the Art by Spaceballs replays vast digitized video sequences as collections of animated polygons .
The coding groups responsible for these ( and many other ) titles average about two or three big releases a year , each representing many teen - hours of programming , art work , and design .
Until fairly recently , demos like these have been almost exclusively a European phenomenon , running on the Euro- coders ' favorite home computer , the Commodore Amiga .
Historically , demo origins can be traced to early 8 - bit home micros like the Commodore 64 and Apple II , but demos ( and their corresponding culture ) really took off when Commodore 's 16 - bit Amiga hit the market in 1985 , with its hi-res graphics , 4,000 - color palette , powerful video handling , and four - channel digitized sound .
As one coder put it , " We could really start experimenting with all sorts of stuff that made noncomputer people turn their heads . "
Like games before them , demos swiftly evolved to a point where they were too complex and time - consuming for individuals alone to write .
Inevitably , coding groups appeared , featuring a minimum of a programmer , a graphics designer , and a musician .
Sometimes these would be groups of school friends with a common interest in computers , although larger groups started to form , working across national boundaries via bulletin boards , e-mail , and the Internet .
They exchanged music , pictures , code , and homemade development tools , but never met in person .
At first , these groups retained close links with the illegal pirate scene : traders would exchange demos for cracked games if they did n't have any warez of their own .
" They were a currency at one point , a great currency to buy pirate games . " explains ex-coder Jolyon Ralph , technical director of the Croydon , England - based Almathera Systems Ltd. , publisher of several demo compilations ,
This is still reflected in the demo scene 's unique terminology - with its world of BBSes , busts ( police raids on BBSes ) , and lamerz ( noncoders , bad coders , or generally clueless individuals ) .
Group members play with nicknames or handles , which means that news sheets ( found on the scene 's numerous bulletin boards and disk magazines ) read like sports transfers or soap opera updates .
They keep fans informed of new recruits and summarize the antics of existing members .
Groups form swiftly , poaching members from other teams ; if your skills are in demand , you can expect to move around .
Oedipus , currently with the UK group LSD , gives a detailed account of joining the relatively small group Trance UK as a C coder in April 1992 : he was poached by rivals Nerve Axis ( NVX ) , wondered whether to join Destiny ( a larger group ) or stay with his friends in NVX - his mind was made up for him when NVX split up .
Destiny then linked up with the famous Swedish group , Talent , so Oedipus formed a new group , Nebula , which he headed for a year , until arguments with co-manager Antichrist prompted him to take up an invitation from Pazza of LSD .
Incidentally , Oedipus is 16 .
Much of the demo scene 's impetus came from the intense rivalry between manufacturers of two of the most popular 16 - bit home computers of the time , the Commodore Amiga and the Atari 520ST .
( In Europe , the high price of IBM PC - compatibles kept them out of the home market until the early ' 90s . )
In the early days , commercial software support was thin on the ground and technically disappointing , so users wrote their own routines to demonstrate their machine 's superiority .
" I 've got an Amiga and my friend 's got an ST , " mimics Jolyon Ralph .
" How do I prove that my Amiga 's better ? "
Competition between groups also helped advance the demo coder 's art - Jolyon fondly recalls the BOB wars , an ongoing contest to animate the greatest number of BOBs ( Blitter OBjects , or independently moving graphics ) on an Amiga screen at one time .
" Somebody released a demo saying , Look at this , we can get 64 BOBs running around on screen .
So , of course then somebody said , 64 ?
I can get 68 . - 68 ? I can get 80 . - 80 ?
And so on ....
It got to around 200 .
One of our guys was a particular fan of the BOB war and was determined to win it .
Eventually , " says Jolyon , " it was won by someone who did infinite BOBs , but that was really a big cheat .
But they were all cheats , so it did n't really matter . "
Trained by cracking the protection on game disks , demo coders show little respect for the work of other programmers .
Armed with memory - scanning routines called rippers , they can page through the data of someone else 's demo , extracting the graphics or sound as required .
" The music is fair game , " muses Jolyon .
" If it has n't been protected , the musician is happy for you to take it out .
If the music has been protected , then it 's obviously supposed to be a challenge , so again you 're allowed to get at it . "
" There 's no mercy , " agrees Almathera 's CD cutter and self - confessed demo groupie , Steve .
( Steve prefers not to give his surname , favoring instead his demo scene handles Steve and THP . )
" When Spaceballs 's State of the Art first came out , it did n't run on every version of the Amiga operating system , " he explains .
" So Skid Row took it , disassembled it , fixed the bugs , then re-released it with a sarcastic message at the end . "
Coders generally do n't set themselves any restrictions .
" There 've been a lot of attempts to do 3 - D Doom - style graphics on the Amiga , " Steve smiles , " simply because it 's difficult , because of the way the display hardware is set up .
Which means everyone has to prove that it can be done . "
As a result , 3 - D environments are a common feature on current demos , and coder Gengis ( erstwhile member of the French group Complex , now in smaller group Bomb ) is putting the final touches to FEARS , a commercial Doom engine for the Amiga , based mainly on routines from his own award - winning demo Motion .
Listening to demo fans tell these and other tales , it 's hard not to think of coders as modern - day equivalents of the ' 70s MIT pioneers in Steven Levy 's Hackers .
Rather than the rarefied atmosphere of time - sharing mainframes in academic institutions , now it 's out there in the real - world environment of pirate bulletin boards - rather than how many useful commands you can add to the standard Unix kernel .
It 's how many assembler instructions you can execute in a single video frame ( usually about one - fiftieth of a second ) .
But the challenge , still , is to come up with the ultimate hack , the piece of code that makes other programmers stop and ask themselves , How do they do that ?
Nowhere is this more apparent than at demo parties , the huge European conventions hosted by coding groups and organized entirely by amateurs .
Funded by ticket sales and sponsor contributions , the largest include The Gathering ( held in Norway at Easter ) , and The Party ( held in Denmark every New Year ) ; each resembles nothing so much as a cross between a computer show and a science fiction convention .
These events hire out conference halls with thousands of square meters of floor space , accommodating up to 2,500 people , their computers , desks , and tables for the equipment , as well as alternative sources of entertainment - video cinemas , laser - tag games - in case the appeal of checking out hundreds of demo routines wears thin .
There are also cafeterias , showers , and sleeping areas - although most owners prefer to sleep with their computers for security - and , one imagines , some small amount of reassurance .
These are the trade shows - and the craft fairs - of the computer underground .
" It 's not often you can hook up with all the guys you 've been talking to over BBSes , mail , and the Net , " says Steve .
If they 're not working on producing a demo at a party , many coders spend their time socializing or indulging in the various group activities - networked Doom , in - jokes , gobbling pizza .
" It 's an absolutely electric atmosphere - you should see the web of power cables , " he jokes .
Meeting these coders , designers , and artists for the first time is a curious experience .
If you 're expecting wild - eyed cyberpunks on the cutting edge of industrial fashion , what 's most surprising is how ordinary they seem .
Sensible haircuts sit next to heavy - metal T - shirts , and the grunge look is as popular as sports - casual .
It seems to be a cross-section of European teenagers who happen to like computers - the most overwhelming surprise is how young they are ( many under 16 , few over 20 ) .
They are almost all male - for whatever reason , the other half of European youth manage to resist the temptation of the ticket - price publicity , which always proclaims " Girls - free ! "
Because of the age range , demo parties usually place a blanket ban on alcohol and drugs ; to cover themselves , organizers put out a disclaimer regarding software piracy .
" Besides , a typical party is a stamina and endurance test to match anything a game show could devise , " Steve reports .
" External stimulants are the last thing you need if you 're trying to keep your mind on your latest demo release .
You 're exhausted , you 're running low on sleep and high on adrenaline , and you 're starting to smell bad .
But the competitive nature prevails . "
Because of the size of the events , the demo contests are divided into categories : best overall demo , best music , best intro under 40 Kbytes .
There are separate classes for different machines : chiefly the Amiga and its new archrival , the PC .
Steve estimates that , across the board , cash prizes can total more than £ 10,000 ( about US $ 15,500 ) .
" It 's a hell of an incentive to write something that 's really respectable , " he observes .
Comparisons with large - scale commercial computer graphics fairs are obvious .
" That 's what they are , " he agrees .
" They 're the poor man 's SIGGRAPH . "
Although broadly despised by the Amiga community , the PC has helped revitalize the demo industry , especially now that the old enemy , the Atari ST , has disappeared from the scene - a disappearance hastened , if you believe the coders , by the sheer superiority of Amiga demos .
Even PC coders - like Trixter of the US group Hornet - admit that Amiga releases have much more flair , style , and presentation , although IBM demos have more horsepower .
" 3 - D Gouraud - shaded , light - sourced , texture - mapped polygons will tax the average Amiga .
A 486-66 can do them quite nicely , " he quips .
" But Amiga coders are generally 95 percent European , and about 40 percent are from Finland .
Something about those wacky
Finns just keeps them churning out stuff with style . "
All on the scene have their own theories as to why Europe - and Scandinavia in particular - has become the heart of the demo coding scene .
Some cite the long , cold evenings , the easy overland access from one country to another , or the lack of decent commercial software .
This also suggests where demo innovation will come from in the future : Eastern Europe .
" Hungary , Slovenia , Russia - they 've all got a good demo scene , " Jolyon Ralph explains .
" They 're in exactly the same situation we were in during the late ' 80s - brilliant computers but no proper programs for them , so they write their own . "
The skills learned from coding demos can transfer to more commercial applications - typically , writing games .
The best - known products of this include the much - acclaimed Pinball Dreams / Fantasies / Illusions series ( published by 21st Century Entertainment , written by Swedish demo group Digital Illusions ) , and the graphically astonishing Asteroids clone , Stardust ( from Finland - based Bloodhouse ) .
But some companies , wary of pirates , are still reluctant to take on demo programmers .
And besides , as the games magazines never tire of pointing out , there 's more to gameplay than good graphics and sound .
That said , the guys at Almathera still estimate that games - writing careers are a powerful lure .
" The big two killers for demo groups are people going off into the games industry , and conscription into the army , " says Jolyon .
This is particularly true of the Scandinavian countries , where a year of national service is mandatory .
( Jolyon and Steve have seen several groups appear almost out of nowhere and produce several startling and successful releases , only to fall apart just as quickly when key members go off to spend 12 months in the armed forces . )
Nevertheless , Jolyon suspects that this " may be why the Scandinavian countries have particularly good demo coders - because they have to get it done quickly ! "
Despite ( or because of ) these real - world intrusions , a glance at disk magazines and demo newsgroups ( alt.sys.amiga.demos , for instance ) shows that the demo culture is still going strong .
This unique mix consists in part of standard fan quibbles over the merits of particular coders and their demos .
One posting reads : " First of all , Dweezil 's intro from Ass93 is not called Bananamen but Tequila .
The intro by Shining was running about 125 percent slower than the one in Tequila .
Dweezil did a great job of optimizing the method !
But , it was Tizzy who used the method first . "
Lame and kewl ( or k00l , depending on who 's talking ) are the two big buzz words of the demo scene , forever debated in the demo forums - lame in this case referring to any scanned or copied graphics , sound samples , or visual effects that are previously worked out rather than calculated in real time , and the uploading of old software to BBSes .
Kewl is equated with winning competitions , coding difficult routines and making them look easy ; obtaining , cracking , and spreading prerelease versions of commercial software ; and having a life outside the digital underground .
Other hot topics include , " Are mail - swappers needed in a demo team ? "
" Is piracy really killing the machines ? " " Rave and hard - core techno versus heavy - metal and rock . "
And the old chestnut , " Who is a lamer ? "
Nowhere else in teen culture ( except , perhaps , on the Web , where demos are thriving ) will you find this reckless adolescent enthusiasm coupled with intense discussion of detailed physics and mathematical theorems , arguments over excerpts from professional computer - graphics textbooks , and all - out hard - core technical advice on coaxing the most from your machine .
Take this example regarding saving extra microseconds when coding on the Amiga 4000 : " At the extreme , an '040 will have to dump out 4 k of copyback , and will have to read in the 4 k of cache , which is ( 4096+4096 ) /4=2048 memory accesses , which will take a minimum of 2096x40ns ( '040 clock cycle ) , or 80 ms to get back to how it was before the flush . "
As long as there are home computers and scores to be settled , kids will be writing demos .
Although the prospect of large cash prizes and programming careers are powerful incentives , the months of effort required to create a demo transforms the process into a labor of love .
In a world where programs are a plaything , where the clicking of an empty Amiga disk drive is as challenging as the ball - bearing rattle of a spray can , it 's simply about proving who 's the best .
As Jolyon Ralph says , " It 's a completely underground thing that 's completely harmless .
No one gets hurt .
Apart from Atari owners , of course . "
The best source for downloading Amiga demos are Aminet sites : ftp.luth.se , ftp.wustl.edu , or .
PC demos can be had from ftp.mpoli.fi or ftp.cdrom.com .
Refugees have often been victims of rape
The UN Security Council has voted unanimously in favour of a resolution classifying rape as a weapon of war .
The document describes the deliberate use of rape as a tactic in war and a threat to international security .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said violence against women had reached " unspeakable proportions " in some societies recovering from conflict .
The UN is also setting up an inquiry to report next June on how widespread the practice is and how to tackle it .
Human rights groups hailed the resolution as historic .
' Silent war '
The BBC's Laura Trevelyan said China , Russia , Indonesia and Vietnam had all expressed reservations during the negotiations , asking whether rape was really a matter for the security council .
But the US - sponsored resolution was adopted unanimously by the 15 - member council .
It 's a very effective weapon , because the communities are totally destroyed
Maj Gen Patrick Cammaert
Former UN peacekeeper
Raped for opposing Mugabe
It described sexual violence as " a tactic of war to humiliate , dominate , instil fear in , disperse and / or forcibly relocate civilian members of a community or ethnic group " .
The document said that the violence " can significantly exacerbate situations of armed conflict and may impede the restoration of international peace and security " .
During the debate in the council , Mr Ban said : " Responding to this silent war against women and girls requires leadership at the national level . "
" National authorities need to take the initiative to build comprehensive strategies while the UN needs to help build capacity and support national authorities and civil societies , " he added .
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said the world now recognised that sexual violence profoundly affected not only the health and safety of women , but the economic and social stability of their nations .
Other speakers identified the former Yugoslavia , Sudan 's Darfur region , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Rwanda and Liberia as regions where deliberate sexual violence had occurred on a mass scale .
Deterrent ?
The former commander of the UN peacekeeping force in eastern Congo , Maj Gen Patrick Cammaert , told the BBC he had personally witnessed its impact .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement " It 's a very effective weapon , because the communities are totally destroyed , " he said .
" You destroy communities .
You punish the men , and you punish the women , doing it in front of the men . "
In the Democratic Republic of Congo alone , some 40 women are raped every day , our correspondent says .
Sometimes women are even raped by peacekeepers who are supposed to be protecting them , she adds .
The question is whether those in conflict zones who use rape in war will be at all deterred by the new measures , she says .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
With the introduction of folding metal hardtops we thought the days of using canvas on cars were numbered .
But if a new concept by BMW is anything to go by this could n’t be further from the truth – as the car ’s entire body has been made of fabric .
The extraordinary thing about the GINA Light Visionary model , which we previewed last week , is that individual functions such as lights are only revealed when necessary .
The car also dispenses with traditional panels and doors ; instead the body is made of a flexible textile cover that stretches across a moveable substructure .
The lights blink open when operated and in place of a bonnet the skin stretches open to reveal the engine .
Other parts of the body can move to meet certain conditions .
For example instead of a rear spoiler the entire back of the car lifts seamlessly to create extra downforce .
The fabric that makes up the outer layer is water - repellent and resistant to extreme temperatures , and because it stretches over a structure replicates metal panels .
BMW used the expertise of seat pattern designers to help sculpt the bodywork and make sure it keeps tension in all conditions .
The special fabric is supported by a metal wire structure .
At specific points , the high - strength metal is enhanced by carbon struts with a higher flexibility .
The interior is as innovative as the exterior and whenever the driver parks the steering wheel and instruments go into ‘ idle position ’ , making it easier to get in and out .
When the driver is in place the seat ’s backrest rises , the steering wheel and instrument panel move towards the driver and car is started with a start / stop button .
Part of the thinking behind GINA is to cut down on tooling and consume less resources and energy than in traditional car making .
MacPorts is a package repository that aims to be an easy - to - use system for compiling , installing , and upgrading [...] open - source software on the MacOS X operating system .
Unfortunately , it is not very good .
In fact , I think it sucks quite a bit , in a way that cannot be repaired easily without some fundamental changes .
At the end of this story , I will propose to let MacPorts die .
Here 's why .
First Things First : Why a Package System ?
Here 's the scenario :
In order to accomplish some given task Jane User wants to use a program which is not yet installed .
The sole point of a package system is to get Jane to her goal ( running and using said program ) as fast and efficient as possible .
The fact that she has to install the program 's package before using it is already overhead .
Minimizing this overhead will help Jane focus on her task , and be more efficient .
With MacPorts , chances are high that instead , Jane has to handhold the installation , un - or reinstall packages , jump through hoops , and generally wait a long time before she can use the program .
Even worse , she quite likely has to page in knowledge about compilers , build systems , OS idiosyncrasies , etc. , if something goes wrong .
Nothing of this is related to her original task .
All of it slows Jane down .
In the remainder of this longish rant , I will try to highlight why MacPorts fails me .
I will use a recent GNUCash installation as running example , but similar things happened before with other packages .
Notice that I am not blaming the GNUCash ports package .
Were none of the dependencies installed already , it would have needed less handholding , I am sure .
( Unfortunately , it seems the installed dependencies are never just right in a production system ... )
However , the overall experience would have been only slightly better .
Do n't Waste My Time
Apparently , I am not the only one having trouble to install GNUCash from MacPorts : John had , too .
When the efforts to build the package reached the point of becoming ridiculous , I started to keep a build log of the ordeal .
Much of this was trial - and - error , because I actually wanted to do something else .
However , there are some gems in there , where the package system tries quite hard to mislead me .
It took me about one - and - a - half days to get GNUCash installed with MacPorts .
Granted , there were long periods of waiting in between when the package system was busy doing whatever , and I was not near that computer most of the time .
But it 's even worse , the whole process is not entirely automatic — it required interaction every other hour or so to help it getting unstuck .
I have better things to do than babysit a stretched - out installation process .
Okay , GNUCash has a lot of dependencies .
Perhaps , it is the ultimate package system benchmark .
Good !
I applaud the developers for reusing whatever is possible .
Actually , I do n't even care , the package system should shield me from having to think about this at all .
As a user , all I really care about is to have GNUCash installed .
And GNUCash is not the only behemoth here , this happened before .
Take GHC , for example .
It takes ages to build with MacPorts .
Download Missing Pieces In One Batch
The Debian equivalent of installing GNUCash looks like this : % sudo time apt - get -d install gnucash [...]
0 upgraded , 82 newly installed , 0 to remove and 171 not upgraded .
Need to get 24.3MB/32.9 MB of archives .
After unpacking 120 MB of additional disk space will be used .
Do you want to continue [ Y / n ] ? [...]
Get : 65 http://ftp.de.debian.org testing / main gnucash 2.2.1-1 [ 1965 kB ]
Fetched 24.3 MB in 4s ( 6024kB /s )
Download complete and in download only mode 1.16user 0.24system 0:30.63elapsed 4%CPU ( 0avgtext+0avgdata 0 maxresident ) k
So , I need a network connection for all of 4 seconds to get everything that is needed onto my hard disk for GNUCash to run .
Before that , I am asked whether it is okay to continue , so that I can intervene if needed .
With a drawn - out build like GNUCash , MacPorts alternates between downloading a package , compiling it ( which can take an arbitrary amount of time ) , installing it , and then looking at the next dependency .
Suck !
When I am near a fast net connection , I want the package system to download whatever is possibly needed to complete my initial installation request in one go .
When finished , I want to disconnect my machine from the net , and go hiking in the outback while still being able to finish the installation .
There is a reason why I chose a laptop as my main work horse : mobility .
In other words , network access should only be needed right after the user - initiated command to install a new package .
When all network activity is done , a clear indication of this fact should be given .
See also : Debian 's package manager .
( While not perfect , it gets some things right .
I 'll spare you mentioning this in the sections hereafter . )
Do n't Install Stuff I Did Not Ask For ( Or Explain Why )
No really , why would I ever want firefox - x11 on MacOS X , considering that I have already another Firefox installed , and Camino , and Flock , not to mention Safari , which I actually use most of the time ?
Oh right , yelp , a help browser for GNOME , depends on firefox - x11 .
% port installed gnucash - docs
The following ports are currently installed : gnucash - docs @ 2.0.1_0 ( active )
Why on earth does GNUCash pull in the firefox - x11 package ?
Not to mention evince and goffice !
If other packages get pulled in because the package I requested has declared a dependency ( perhaps by transitivity ) on them , I want at least to be told what will be installed .
Maybe I would refine my installation request in light of that information .
On a similar note , MacPorts tries really hard to install gcc , perl , and some other basic packages , completely ignoring the ones that ship with MacOS X .
This is explained in the MacPorts FAQ :
The drawbacks on this behaviour also are minimal : Wasting 10 MB for a Python installation is next to nothing if you have a GB - harddisk and gain consistency all the way in return .
Right .
Except , how long does it take to build gcc , perl and python from source ?
Long enough to make me forget what I actually wanted to install , and why .
Anyway , some programs come bundled with heaps of documentation , or in different flavors .
Sometimes , I just do n't care , but sometimes I 'd like to have some influence on what gets installed .
Depending on the circumstances , I would like to choose from a minimal or a batteries included installation , or just the documentation , please .
Too much to ask ?
Building from Source Considered Harmful
The reason is simple : there are too many variables in the process .
Too much can ( and routinely does ) go wrong , resulting in broken programs , or even installations .
Another war story : after a gettext update ( which was pulled in as a dependency by some other program , no less ) , all of a sudden vital programs started to segfault : awk , sed , tcl , you name it .
Unnecessary to mention , MacPorts needs some of these programs to function .
Chicken , meet Egg .
I hope nobody dares to point to the installable packages facility of MacPorts .
They are utterly lacking in comparison to , e.g. , the Debian package manager .
Dependencies , anyone ?
I am really astonished that with all the emphasis on optimization , it is not considered odd that every installation of MacPorts repeats all the package compilation jobs over again .
Why not cache the work on download servers , and share it ?
Even if package build bots are generally untrusted , it should only be a Small Matter Of Programming to provide a web of trust with cryptographically signed packages , right ?
Build Environment and Run-time Environment Should be Separate
Build Environment
The Build Environment of a package contains the set of dependencies needed to successfully build that package from source code .
This includes external packages containing compilers , linkers , header files , libraries , documentation generators , OS settings .
Run-time Environment
The Run-time Environment of a package contains dependencies needed to use the package .
Without them present , the contents of the package are not functional , at least not fully .
The point here is that the build environment can differ significantly from the run-time environment , and a package system should acknowledge this .
Extreme cases are cross -compiled packages : such packages might not even be usable in the build environment , but they are usable in the run-time environment .
A more common case is that the build environment has perhaps a compiler or document generation system like TeX installed , while the run-time environment does not need a compiler , but instead a PDF reader to view the documentation ( which was not needed on the build environment ) .
Another reason is that it is usually fine to have several versions of a single library installed at the same time , with the loader taking care of choosing the right one for the program at hand .
However , when it comes to compiling and linking C code , one set of header files and one ( matching ) shared library should be installed in standard places in the build environment , such that the brittle mess that is autotools ( a fine topic for another rant ) can find them without getting confused .
When I want to build against the newest library version , I do not want to touch at all the installed programs which were built against some older version .
They should keep working just fine .
As user of the package , I do not care what was needed to get it to the point when I can execute the program .
Whether it was written in C or INTERCAL does not matter , as long as I have an executable to run , which works .
Thus , all I need to ensure is that the run-time environment for the package is complete .
And fortunately , I do not have to take care about that myself .
If the package declares its dependencies , the package system can make sure that everything that is needed gets installed alongside the package .
Transactions and Rollback
If something goes wrong during package installation , I want an easy way out .
I want at least the ability to get back to the point before I started installation .
Also , if some dependencies cannot be fulfilled , I want the whole transaction to fail , or possibly ask the user whether to proceed with a partial installation .
User Interaction
Even with the ideal of a short installation time , any user interaction should be at the beginning ( or the end ) of this transaction , never interspersed with other activity .
You Failed It
How long are the BSDs around ?
Is the ports system really the best package system that came out of this ?
When I was waiting for the GNUCash build to finish I saw warnings scrolling by which effectively said that something could not be undone because post - remove hooks are not yet implemented .
It 's 2007 for another couple of days , the much sneered - at Linux package systems ( e.g. , Debian 's ) have had {pre , post} - {install , remove} hooks for how many years now ?
So , invoking Fred Brooks here ( " Fail fast " ) : please , let MacPorts die .
It is a waste of resources .
Instead , I recommend spending energy on improving , e.g. , Fink packages .
At least , it has modern , full - featured package management tools .
Speaking of which , I just asked fink to selfupdate via rsync .
It is still ...
COMPILING ?!
p.s. : Another option is Zero-Install , the package management nirvana .
I managed to get Zero - Install installed on MacOS X actually ( which also was not a smooth process , in parts thanks to MacPorts ) .
However , before it becomes usable in day - to - day situations it needs a bigger user base .
I will give it a spin and see how far I get .
Alcohol was strongly associated with underage sex Young adults in Europe deliberately binge on drink and drugs to improve their sex lives , research suggests .
The UK has one of the worst reputations for binge drinking and underage sex but there are striking similarities between countries , a study found .
A third of 16 to 35 - year - old men and 23 % of women questioned said they drank to increase their chance of sex .
The study - of 1,341 young people in nine countries including the UK - is published in BMC Public Health .
Young people were also more at risk of unsafe sex while under the influence of alcohol or drugs , the study found .
Despite the negative consequences , we found many are deliberately taking these substances to achieve quite specific sexual effects
Professor Mark Bellis
The researchers said although it was well known that use of alcohol and drugs was linked to risky sexual behaviour , this study showed many young people were " strategically " binge drinking or abusing drugs to improve their sex lives .
They questioned young people in nine cities , one each in the UK , Germany , Austria , Czech Republic , Greece , Italy , Portugal , Spain and Slovenia - who all routinely went to pubs , bars and nightclubs .
Early use of alcohol and other drugs was closely linked to having sex under the age of 16 years , in all countries , especially in girls .
Almost half of participants in Vienna , Austria had drunk alcohol and had sex by the time they were 16 compared with 36 % in Venice , Italy , 37 % in Palma , Spain and 30 % in Liverpool .
The same was true for those who took drugs under the age of 16 but there were variations in popularity of different drugs among different countries .
More than a quarter of youngsters taking cocaine said they used it to prolong sex and drug use in general was linked to having multiple partners .
' Risky '
Drunkenness and drug use were found to be strongly associated with an increase in risk taking behaviour and feeling regretful about having sex .
Those who had been drunk in the past four weeks were more likely to have had five or more partners , sex without a condom and to have regretted sex after drink or drugs in the past 12 months .
Cannabis , cocaine or ecstasy use was linked to similar consequences .
Study leader Professor Mark Bellis , director of the Centre for Public Health at Liverpool John Moore 's University said : " Millions of young Europeans now take drugs and drink in ways which alter their sexual decisions and increase their chances of unsafe sex or sex that is later regretted .
" Yet despite the negative consequences , we found many are deliberately taking these substances to achieve quite specific sexual effects . "
He added that strategies to reduce substance abuse and encourage safe sexual behaviour needed to take into account the fact that the two were inextricably linked .
Simon Blake , chief executive of Brook , said : " When it comes to drugs and alcohol young people learn from us , the adults who help determine the culture in which young people are learning about sex , and learning about drugs and alcohol .
" Sex and relationships education also needs to include more discussion about the association between alcohol , drugs and unsafe sex . "
Frank Sodeen from Alcohol Concern said : " The report is a good reminder of the multiple dimensions of drink - related harm . "
He added local authorities need to think as broadly as possible about projects to reduce alcohol use and incorporate issues such as sexual health .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Gordon Brown ’s announcement that he and his acolytes have drawn up a £ 3 m plan to give Margaret Thatcher a state funeral is a disgrace and an unforgivable betrayal of the millions of Labour and trade union people who have constantly cast their votes for the party .
Thatcher ’s elevation to prime minister in 1979 unleashed an unprecedented attack on the living standards and democratic rights of working people in this country ; market forces guided every aspect of British life , lining the pockets of her cronies under the guise of “ rolling back the frontiers of the state ” .
Her centralised government completely undermined UK manufacturing , destroyed jobs and local democracy and decimated communities .
In the pursuit of greed , state assets were privatised , trade union activities were outlawed and council houses sold off .
Even the lives of older people in care homes were auctioned off to the highest bidder .
November 22 , 1990 , will forever be etched in the collective memory of working people - it was the day a tearful Thatcher left Downing Street having been dumped by her own party .
History , they say , is written by the victors and hence Sir Geoffrey Howe gets the credit for bringing her down by saying something nasty about her European policy .
Rubbish !
The millions of us who were on the extra- parliamentary front line campaigning against the iniquitous policies of the Conservatives throughout the 1980s , know that the more astute sections of her party realised after the selfless miners strike of 1984 / 85 , the heroic battle of Liverpool City Council and the fortitudinous struggle of the anti-poll tax campaign she was a lame duck head of state .
Howe ’s historical role was merely to administer the knife in her back .
Give him his due , he did it beautifully .
The scars of Thatcher ’s decade still run deep and her name is often followed by the sound of spit hitting the floor , especially in the major cities of the UK .
Having experienced eleven years of New Labour attacks on the rights of working people , the creeping privatisation of education and health , and a reactionary foreign policy , it comes as no surprise that the New Labour leaders are keen to give their mentor a state funeral .
After all , Thatcher was hardly an ogre to Tony and Cherie Blair ( they attended her 80th birthday party ) and Gordon Brown , who last September invited Thatcher for tea at 10 Downing Street .
Of course this little state funeral arrangement had been discussed at the top level of New Labour for a few years now but brushed under the carpet and denied when raised by concerned MPs like Ronnie Campbell .
Mr Campbell , a former miner , was last year prevented from putting forward an Early Day Motion asking the government to publicly confirm that they would “ never commemorate her cruel and divisive reign in this manner " .
It was two years ago that I first heard a report at around 2 am on Radio 5 that New Labour were considering giving Thatcher a state funeral .
I could n’t believe my ears .
The report was subsequently dropped but amid my anger I told my writing partner , Trevor Wood .
We wondered what the consequences would be if New Labour were determined to give her a state funeral .
The end result of that initial conversation was our play , Maggie 's End , which premiered at the Gala theatre in Durham last October and attracted nearly 2,000 people .
The play , which explored the repercussions of such a crass betrayal across the nation and in one particular family , foresaw spontaneous and mass popular demonstrations against the funeral .
While mainly ignored by the London - centric theatre critics , Maggie ’s End attracted a great deal of interest in the local media , though ironically many people believed that the initial premise was too far - fetched !
Now that it has become a reality , this initial reaction reflects just how out of touch New Labour ’s leaders are with ordinary people , especially as they do not realise their misguided state funeral proposal will divide the country and re-open the social and political sores of the 1980s .
It seriously raises the question whether New Labour can now legitimately claim any semblance of representing working people .
Their embarrassment will be complete when a million people hit the streets of London to prevent the charade from going ahead .
The upshot of Maggie ’s End , incidentally , sees the New Labour government arrest the socialist organisers of the state funeral protest under the Prevention of Terrorism Act .
Do n’t bet against these traitors doing that , also !
For more information email Ed Waugh
Ed Waugh and Trevor Wood have : Dirty Dusting on at the Fortune Theatre , New Zealand , until July 26
Son of Samurai on at the Latitude Festival ( July 18 and 19 )
Waiting For Gateaux at Winchester Theatre Royal ( July 22 and 26 )
Stories abound about animals who have taken a nip — or 10 .
In 2004 , Reuters reported that a black bear had passed out at the Baker Lake Resort in Washington State after binging on beer .
Last October the Associated Press recounted a tale of six Indian elephants stumbling around and uprooting a utility pole , electrocuting themselves , after guzzling a homemade rice brew in the northeastern state of Meghalaya .
Even Charles Darwin noted in The Descent of Man that monkeys have a “ strong taste ” for “ spirituous liquors ” and beer .
Still , there is scant scientific evidence proving that animals go on benders with the naturally occurring alcohol in fermenting fruit .
Quite the contrary : the few studies done seemed to indicate they had either no interest or a distinct aversion to it .
But new research , published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , shows that at least a few creatures in the wilds of the Malaysian rainforest like to drink the hard stuff .
In the mid 1990s , Frank Wiens and Annette Ziztmann , animal physiologists at Germany ’s University of Bayreuth , observed that tiny pentailed treeshrews frequent the bertam palm , returning regularly to nip the nectar .
Wiens also noticed a strange yeasty aroma wafting from the plant , and what appeared to be foam like the head on a mug of beer .
“ This indicated [ to me ] that there might be alcohol involved , " Wiens recalls .
He tested the nectar and , lo and behold , discovered that it was 3.8 percent alcohol , which is similar to that of some beers .
Seems the bertam palm flower bud harbors a previously unknown species of yeast , which acts as a brewery , fermenting the nectar .
This botanic bartender knows how to please its customers : seven species of mammals in that west Malaysian rainforest , including the pentailed treeshrew and the slow loris , quaff alcohol nightly , sometimes going back for seconds and thirds in a single evening .
In human terms , according to Wiens ’ calculations , these diminutive creatures are regularly consuming the equivalent of about nine alcoholic beverages a night .
Wiens says that it's a two - ways street : the animals get to enjoy a brew — or two or three — but they also act as the plant 's pollinators .
Despite high alcohol levels , however , the furry little nippers did n’t get fuzzy — they displayed no overt signs of drunken behavior ; there was no stumbling , swaying , passing out .
Wiens speculates that the alcoholic nectar may still have some neurological effect in enticing them back for seconds , which , he says , makes sense from an evolutionary perspective .
The animals get food , and the plant retains its pollinators .
Biologist Robert Dudley of the University of California Berkeley says this study is the first to demonstrate his theory that our attraction to alcohol evolved from a time when we roamed forests in search of energy - rich plants .
A whiff of alcohol might have signaled that a fruit had reached peak calorie content .
But like many adaptions that may once have been useful , he says , our evolutionary predilection for fermented fruit may lead to an unhealthy addiction to alcohol in today 's world of plenty ( just as we now just get fat instead of expending energy stored for use when food was scarce ) .
And pentailed treeshrews are similar to the earliest pre-primates , a living model of extinct species from which shrews and primates , leading to humans , branched off .
“ Humans have an affinity for ethanol ( plant - derived alcohol ) , and captive primates are well known to like to drink anthropogenically sourced ethanol , ” Dudley told Sciam.com .
“ Natural consumption of dietary ethanol deriving from fermenting fruits or nectar has never been studied previously , and this is a highly fruitful area for future investigation . ”
The appeal of naturally occurring alcohol has not yet been investigated because , in the handful of previous studies , animals expressed no interest .
Anthropologist Katherine Milton of UC Berkeley surveyed primate researchers , working with 22 species , on whether they had seen animals reach for fermented fruit .
All said they had not .
Scientists at Israel ’s Ben Gurion University of the Negev studying bats reported that the animals shunned foods with elevated alcohol concentrations , despite higher sugar levels .
Perhaps this is because , says animal physiologist Berry Pinshow , a co-author of that study , “ a drunk bat is a dead bat . ”
And the oft - heard tales of elephants getting sloshed off the fermented fruit of marula trees in South Africa ’s Kruger National Park ?
Pure fiction .
Physiologist Steve Morris of the University of Bristol in England calculates that , based on elephant size and metabolism , along with the alcohol content in fermenting marulas , an average elephant would have to eat more than 700 individual fruits to get looped .
But pentailed treeshrews — admittedly lightweights — prove that at least some animals enjoy a nightly cocktail .
Great apes should have the right to life and freedom , according to a resolution passed in the Spanish parliament , in what could become landmark legislation to enshrine human rights for chimpanzees , gorillas , orang - utans and bonobos .
The environmental committee in the Spanish parliament has approved resolutions urging the country to comply with the Great Apes Project , founded in 1993 , which argues that " non-human hominids " should enjoy the right to life , freedom and not to be tortured .
The project was started by the philosophers Peter Singer and Paola Cavalieri , who argued that the ape is the closest genetic relative to humans – that it displays emotions such as love , fear , anxiety and jealousy – and should be protected by similar laws .
The resolutions have cross-party support and it is thought they will become law , meaning that potential experiments on apes in Spain will be banned within a year , according to a Reuters report .
" This is a historic day in the struggle for animal rights and in defence of our evolutionary comrades which will doubtless go down in the history of humanity , " Pedro Pozas , the Spanish director of the Great Apes Project , said .
" We have no knowledge of great apes being used in experiments in Spain , but there is currently no law preventing that from happening . ''
Using apes in circuses , television commercials or filming will also be banned and while housing apes in Spanish zoos , of which there are currently 315 , will remain legal , supporters of the bill have said the conditions in which most of them live will need to improve substantially .
In 1999 , scientists and lawyers petitioned New Zealand 's parliament to pass a bill conferring " rights " on chimpanzees and other primates .
The government gave the great apes something less than human rights , but also something more practical : legal protection from animal experimentation .
The first country to take such a decision was Britain : Home Office guidelines now forbid experiments on chimpanzees , orangutans and gorillas .
This is a guest post by Kate Lister .
Kate , along with partner Tom Harnish , runs a web site called Undress4Success.com , which offers advice on work at home jobs , freelance opportunities , and home - based businesses .
Kate and Tom are telecommuting researchers and authors ; their academic study of the topic is balanced with practical lessons they 've learned from over twenty years of home - based work and business ownership .
They are currently working on a book , Undress4Success — The Naked Truth About Working From Home for John Wiley & Sons ( March 2009 ) .
This will be their third book for Wiley .
I 've been working from home for over 25 years .
Two years ago my husband and I sold the vintage aircraft flightseeing business that we operated for over sixteen years — from home .
More unemployed than retired , we were determined to continue to live the at - home lifestyle to which we'd become accustomed , and set out to look for home - based work .
It was a real eye opener to find that in spite of all the individual , corporate , and community benefits of telework , a huge number of stigmas and biases about it persist .
So we decided to write a book on the topic .
As part of our research , we 've synthesized information from over 250 studies of telecommuting and related topics .
We 've interviewed dozens of telework enthusiasts and naysayers including researchers , Fortune 500 executives , virtual employers , venture capitalists who support the remote work model , and dozens of home - based workers in a wide variety of professions .
What we 've concluded is that while there are some very real barriers to telework , the industry pioneers have proven it can be done and it is worth the effort .
Telework offers a pull , rather than a push solution to a wide range of problems .
It benefits employers , employees , and the community .
A strong national telework strategy would increase GNP .
It would substantially reduce our Gulf Oil dependence .
It would bring traffic jams to a halt and reduce the carnage on our highways .
It would alleviate the strain on our crumbling transportation infrastructure .
It would help reclaim many of the jobs that have been lost to offshoring , and provide new employment opportunities for at - home caregivers , the disabled , and the un- and under - employed .
It would improve family life , and emancipate latchkey kids .
It would substantially bolster pandemic and disaster preparedness .
It would reduce global warming .
And it would save companies and individuals billions of dollars .
Naysayers argue that not every person or every job is right for telework .
I do n't argue that point .
But studies show that 40 % of jobs could be done from home and two - thirds of the working population say they 'd prefer it .
What 's more , the companies that have tried telework have proven that the negatives can be easily overcome and the pros far outweigh the cons .
Do n't take my word for it , read on and decide for yourself :
Advantages of Telecommuting for the Community *
• Reduces our foreign oil dependence
- If the 40 % of employees who could work from home did so half of the time ( approximately the national average ) it would reduce Gulf Oil dependence by almost 60 % and save Americans $ 40 billion at the pumps ( http://undress4success.com/research)
• Slows global warming
- Half - time telecommuting could reduce carbon emissions by almost 80 million metric tons a year
- Tougher environmental laws are coming
- Telework offers easy Clean Air Act compliance
- Additional carbon footprint savings would come from reduced : office energy , paper usage ( as electronic documents replace paper ) , roadway repairs , urban heating , office construction , and business travel
• Bolsters pandemic and disaster preparedness
- Three quarters of teleworkers say they could continue to work in the event of a disaster compared with just 28 % on non-teleworkers
- A decentralized workforce would reduce the chance of another World Trade Center or Pentagon - like target to attack by removing the temptation that a large population center provides .
If an attack does occur , fewer people will be effected , economic stability will be maintained , and continuity of operations is assured .
• Redistributes wealth
- Location - independent job opportunities offer better employment options to rural workers
• Higher productivity among teleworkers will increase GDP
• Cost savings from telework will encourage home - shoring and bring back many of the jobs that have been lost to foreign labor
Advantages of Telecommuting For Companies *
• Improves employee satisfaction
- People are sick of the rat race , eager to take control of their lives , and desperate to find a balance between work and life .
- Two thirds of people want to work from home
- 36 % would choose it over a pay raise
- Gen Y’ers are particularly attracted to flexible work arrangements
- 80 % of employees consider telework a job perk
• Reduce attrition
- Losing a valued employee can cost an employer $ 10,000 to $ 30,000
- Recruiting and training a new hire costs thousands
- 14 % of Americans have changed jobs to shorten the commute
- 46 % of companies that allow telework say it has reduced attrition
- 95 % of employers say telework has a high impact on employee retention
• Reduces unscheduled absences
- 78 % of people who call in sick , really are n’t .
They do so because of family issues , personal needs , and stress .
- Unscheduled absences cost employers $ 1,800 / employee per year ; that adds up to $ 300 billion / yr for U.S. companies
- Teleworkers typically continue to work when they ’re sick ( without infecting others )
- Teleworkers return to work more quickly following surgery or medical issues
- Flexible hours allow teleworkers to run errands or schedule appointments without losing a full day
• Increases productivity
- Best Buy , British Telecom , Dow Chemical and many others show that teleworkers are 35 - 40 % more productive
- Businesses lose $ 600 billion a year in workplace distractions
- Sun Microsystems ’ experience suggests that employees spend 60 % of the commuting time they save performing work for the company
• Saves employers money
- IBM slashed real estate costs by $ 50 million
- McKesson saves $ 2 million a year
- Nortel estimates that they save $ 100,000 per employee they do n’t have to relocate
- Average real estate savings with full - time telework is $ 10,000 per employee per year
- Partial telework can offer real estate savings by instituting an office hoteling program
- Dow Chemical and Nortel save over 30 % on non-real estate costs
- Offers inexpensive compliance with ADA for disabled workers
- Saves brick and mortar costs in industries where regulations or needs require local workers ( e.g. healthcare , e-tail )
• Equalizes personalities and reduces potential for discrimination
- Hiring sight unseen , as some all - virtual employers do , greatly reduces the potential for discrimination
- It ensures that people are judged by what they do versus what the look like
- Communications via focus groups , instant messaging , and the like equalizes personalities .
No longer is the loudest voice the only one that ’s heard .
• Cuts down on wasted meetings
- Asynchronous communications allow people to communicate more efficiently
- Web - based meetings are better planned and more apt to stay on message
• Increases employee empowerment
- Remote work forces people to be more independent and self - directed
• Increases collaboration
- Once telework technologies are in place , employees and contractors can work together without regard to logistics .
This substantially increases collaboration options .
• Provides new employment opportunities for the un and under - employed
- 18 million Americans with some college education are n’t working
- Less than a third of disabled Americans hold jobs ( compared to 80 % of rest of the labor force ) ; 41 million disabled Americans are unemployed
- 24 million Americans work part time
• Expands the talent pool
- Over 40 % of employers are feeling the labor pinch ; that will worsen as Boomers retire
- Reduces geographic boundaries
- Provides access to disabled workers
- Offers alternative that would have otherwise kept parents and senior caregivers out of the workforce
- Offers geographic , socioeconomic , and cultural diversity that would not otherwise be possible
• Slows the brain drain due to retiring Boomers
- 75 % of retirees want to continue to work — but they want the flexibility to enjoy their retirement
• Reduces staffing redundancies and offers quick scale - up and scale - down options
- Having access to a flexible at - home workforce allows call centers , airlines , and other to add and reduce staff quickly as needed .
- The need to overstaff , just in case , is greatly reduced
- 24/7 worldwide coverage is easier to staff with home - based help
• Reduces traffic jams
- Traffic jams rob the U.S. economy of $ 78 billion / year in productivity
- They idle away almost 3 billion gallons of gas and accounts for 26 million extra tons of greenhouse gases
- Every 1 % reduction in vehicles yields a three fold reduction in congestion
• Prevents traffic accidents
- Highway deaths cost $ 60 billion a year and result in 3 million lost workdays
- More than a quarter of accidents occur during commuting hours
• Take the pressure off our crumbling transportation infrastructure
- Crumbling transportation infrastructure - new roads are being built to meet needs of 10 - 20 years ago .
Less than 6 % of our cites roads have kept pace with demand over the past decade .
- By 2025 we ’ll need another 104 thousand additional lane miles - that will cost 530 billion
• Insures continuity of operations in the event of a disaster
- Federal workers are required to telework to the maximum extent possible for this reason
- Bird flu , terrorism , roadway problems , and weather - related disasters are all drivers
- Three quarters of teleworkers say they could continue to work in the event of a disaster compared with just 28 % on non-teleworkers
• Improves performance measurement systems
- Drucker , Six Sigma , and management experts agree that goal setting and performance measurement is key to successful management
- For telework to work , employees must be measured by what they do , not where or how they do it
• Offers access to grants and financial incentives
- A number of states , including Virginia , Washington , and Connecticut , offer training and financial incentive for businesses that adopt telework .
Advantages of Telecommuting For Employees *
• Saves employees money
- Employees save on gas , clothes , food , parking , and in some cases , daycare ( provided they can flex their hours to eliminate the need )
- Average savings is $ 7,000 to $ 13,000 / year per person
• Increases leisure time
- Full time telework results in an extra 5 workweeks of free time a year — time that would have been spent commuting
- The majority of teleworkers report they have more time with family , friends , and leisure .
• Reduces stress , illness , and injury
- 80 % of diseases show that stress is a trigger .
Because telework reduces stressful commutes and alleviates caregiver separation issues , teleworkers are likely to suffer fewer stress - related illnesses .
- Teleworkers are exposed to fewer occupational and environmental hazards at home
- Teleworkers suffer fewer airborne illnesses because of lack of contact with sick co-workers
- Teleworkers report being able to make more time for exercise
- Anyone who has ever dieted knows it ’s harder to stay the course when you dine out .
Teleworkers often eat healthier meals and are less inclined to consume fast food lunches .
The Holdbacks To Telework *
• Management mistrust
- 75 % of managers say they trust their employee , but a third say they ’d like to be able to see them , just to be sure .
- Company culture must embrace the concept at all levels , sweatshop and typing pool mentality has to be abandoned
- From Peter Drucker ’s introduction of Management - By - Objectives in the mid-1950 ’s , to Six Sigma which was popularized by General Electric ’s Jack Welch in the 1990 ’s , setting and measuring goals has long been held as the key to good management .
• It ’s not for everyone
- For some , social needs must be addressed .
Telephone , email , instant messaging are a solution for some .
Innovative solutions such as virtual outings , online games , and even Second Life have proven successful as well .
Occasional telework is also a solution .
- Telecommuters must be self - directed
- They should be comfortable with technology or arrangements should be made for remote tech support
- They should have an defined home office space
- Home - based employees need to understand that telecommuting is not a suitable replacement for daycare unless they can schedule work hours around their children ’s needs .
• Career fears from ‘ out of sight out of mind ’ mentality
- Some employees cite career fears as a reason not to telecommute .
Successful teleworking programs overcome the ‘ out of sight , out of mind ’ issue with performance - based measurement systems , productivity versus presenteeism attitudes .
Teleworkers who maintain regular communications ( telephone , email , instant chat , even the occasional face - to - face meeting ) with traditional co-workers and managers find career impact is not an issue .
• Co-worker jealousy
- Employees need to understand why they were or were not chosen for telework
- Employees should see telework as a benefit that is earned , not given
- Standards of selection should be uniform
• Security issues
- Security issues are easy to solve , but must be addressed
- 90 % of those charged with security in large organizations feel that home - based workers are no a security concern .
In fact , they are more concerned with the occasional work that is taken out of the office by traditional employees who lack the training , tools , and technologies that teleworkers receive .
- Security training should be provided for all employees
• IT infrastructure changes may be necessary
- Teleworkers need access to company systems , software , and data
- Infrastructure changes that support telework improve efficiency for office and traveling employees as well
- Companies need to address remote technical support issues .
Off the shelf solutions exist .
All roads point to telework .
As a nation , it ’s time to make the road less traveled , our way to work .
* Statistical information contained herein comes from a wide range of studies .
Sources are are available on request .
Email info - at - undress4success - dot - com .
×
" What I wrote was sexist , " says Rachel Moss , " I will admit this . "
The University of Wisconsin - Madison grad student is referring to a photo essay she posted in late May on the widely - read online humor forum Something Awful .
Attending the annual WisCon feminist science - fiction convention held at the Concourse Hotel over Memorial Day weekend , she shot photos of various con attendees with a focus on obese participants , and combined these with negative commentary to assemble a salvo that touched off a particularly nasty online controversy last week .
Here 's how Moss started her troll : " If you are unfamiliar with this con , it is like any other sci - fi con , except that well over half of the attendees are female , about a third of the panels are political , there is no gaming , and absolutely everybody is a huge bitch . "
Comments on the post rapidly followed , uniformly piling on the original mocking of WisCon and its participants .
It also drew almost immediate condemnation from WisCon attendees and sympathizers .
Many took issue with what they saw as a major betrayal of trust by Moss , who paid $ 45 to attend a convention considered by participants as a safe space to writing , identity politics , and the worlds of science - fiction and fantasy in a social setting .
Shortly after publishing the post on Something Awful , Moss requested that it be removed , and her wish was granted .
But it was already too late .
Using cached versions of the original thread , a Something Awful splinter group reposted her photos and commentary , kick - starting a whole new round of personal attacks .
Indeed , it was in this second round that the most misanthropic and bigoted comments were made about the convention and its attendees .
" This incident , unfortunately , is not unusual , " wrote one Madison woman singled out by Moss .
" Fat people hear negative comments , see the disgusted looks , and feel the drawing back of people around them …
Unfortunately , these messages can be internalized .
So not only do you face the challenges of dealing with society but you tell yourself that you are ugly , worthless and disgusting .
So it becomes a radical act when you choose to live your life and love yourself despite the negativity that we swim thorough every day . "
Many others shocked by the post had plenty to say about it , accusing Moss of being homophobic , trans - phobic , anti-fat , anti-disabled , and a virtual rapist , among other things .
Meanwhile , a few persons upset with Moss and her trolling started posting her personal contact and medical information that they had found online , spreading these details through blogs and forum posts .
Others called for supporters to Google bomb her name , and she began to receive threats through email and at her office , with unidentified individuals threatening to render her unemployable .
Moss filed a pair of police reports , one with the MPD after receiving what she describes as " vague physical threats " and another with the UWPD after somebody entered her campus office and left behind " a negatively - themed note scribbled on the back of a page ripped from the WisCon programming booklet . "
For their part , WisCon organizers responded by requesting that its participants and sympathizers refrain from making any threats and to stop passing around her personal information .
For a furious few days following Memorial Day weekend , Moss ' post and the reaction that followed became a widely - discussed topic on numerous online personal journals .
It was particularly discussed by supporters of the fat acceptance movement , and rapidly hit the blog mainstream with a nod on Jezebel by mid-week .
This was no standard fanboy kerfuffle or typical partisan political flamewar , though .
Throughout the echo chamber of the Internet , just about every negative accusation imaginable has been thrown around at anyone who has even dipped a toe into the ruckus .
Something Awful has a global membership numbering in the hundreds of thousands , and exerts a tremendous influence in online culture .
Most of those funny internet phenomena you 've laughed at recently -- everything from Lolcats to Rickrolling to that cleverly photoshopped image being touted as proof of one conspiracy or another -- trace their roots back to these online forums , particularly Something Awful and its spin - off imageboard 4 chan .
Their bread and butter also often includes targeted mockery of convention - goers and various other niche groups .
Some of it is good - natured , but some of it goes well over the line of what most would consider malevolent .
Back in January , Wired examined one facet of this targeted online mockery , detailing the practice of " griefing " in online gaming and its connections with the Goons of Something Awful .
" [ Griefing is ] designed to push users past the brink of moral outrage toward that rare moment -- at once humiliating and enlightening -- when they find themselves crying over a computer game , " explains Julian Dibbell in the story .
" Getting that response is what it 's all about . "
This culture of pranks and mockery can easily spill out of worlds like Second Life and into real - life , though , leading to trolling posts like the one by Moss and the subsequent snowball of personal insults and photoshops .
When one happens to strike the fancy of the masses , it 's a sure - fire way to get your words or pictures spread far and wide .
That 's the allure : starting a minor flamewar and watching it spread is a way to gain some level of virtual power and fame , however piddling and fleeting , from the comfort of your own computer .
Countless individuals , groups and locations have enjoyed their moments of online glory or shame as a result of these episodes .
At the center of this particular episode is Rachel Moss .
While the controversy was ongoing last week , she published multiple short apologies for the post , most notably one regretting her comments that targeted a child whose parents attended the convention .
All of these , though , have since been taken down or removed from public view .
" I was venting against a group of people who I do not think are approaching the existing problems in a reasonable way , " says Moss about her motivation for publishing the post .
" I do not believe that having a convention where you have to pay $ 45 to even be a part of the wider conversation is going to be productive towards tackling real gender inequalities . "
It 's likely she could n't have known just what level of backlash her writing would elicit -- and that 's the catch .
It 's growing ever more impossible to remain anonymous on the Internet , and the perceived freedom to say whatever one wants online has started to backfire , sometimes spectacularly .
Take the experiences of Emily Gould , for example , as recently detailed in a self - authored essay published in New York Times Magazine over the same weekend that the WisCon flamewar unfolded .
An editor for the media gossip website Gawker , Gould was also a prolific personal blogger before and during her gig at the blog network flagship .
She wrote a lot about her private life , publishing often deeply personal anecdotes about herself , co-workers , and close friends , living more and more in a self - directed public eye until she eventually became a target of the snark that was her stock - in - trade .
In the prevailing online culture , many are inclined to tell - all , believing that the electronic barrier will protect us and our loved ones from harm .
We 're learning , often the hard way , that this is rarely the case .
Our everyday lives are increasingly being recorded , photographed , and shared not only by ourselves , but by others too .
Most of this is relatively legal .
What 's at issue here is etiquette , and what our reasonable expectations of privacy and reactions to perceived breaches of it are .
" Many of these people want to be both invisible and visible at the same time , " says Moss about the WisCon participants .
" They claim they want what they have to say heard , but then they are extremely vindictive for being exposed by someone who does n't subscribe to it .
They want their names / photos private -- which , at the time , I thought I was respecting -- but then as a group they condone harassment of me by my full name and job , and many of them condoned violence against me . "
Moss ' criteria for her post were based upon drawing laughs , meanwhile .
" There was plenty about the convention I appreciated as far as the political panels , " she says , " which I did not mention in the silly post because , honestly , it was n't funny . "
Only , in this case , what was funny to her -- and to the people who piled on the mockery -- was extremely hurtful to others .
" The problem reaches beyond just what Rachel Moss did , " Other convention - goers and observers had plenty to say as well :
An open letter to Rachel Moss and the rest of WisCon 32
Rachel Moss and the Legions of Hiding Assholes
On matters of passing
Not Such a Pretty Face
At least SA goons are honest trolls , or , Fandom double - standards FTL
A Modest Invitation
, .
And now this specific incident centering on a three - decade - old Madison tradition has rippled out to various obscure niches of the ether and has spread interest and outrage to vast numbers of otherwise unrelated people and communities .
You did n't know about WisCon before ?
Now you do .
Had n't heard of " fat activism " or " griefing " prior to this ?
Now you have .
And tomorrow will bring some new bit of slang , fetish , political intrigue , scientific breakthrough , or dog riding a skateboard .
The furor over Moss , her post , and the storm that followed has died down , and by the time you read this , the episode will be ancient history in terms of Internet time .
It lives on , though , well - archived online and in memories .
Rachel Moss and the people who were the brunt of most of hers and others ' snide comments are not likely to soon forget what happened after this year 's WisCon .
7th May 2008 , 02:26 pm
Lately I ’ve been playing again with parametric surfaces in Haskell .
Surface rendering requires normals , which can be constructed from partial derivatives , which brings up automatic differentiation ( AD ) .
Playing with some refactoring , I ’ve stumbled across a terser , lovelier formulation for the derivative rules than I ’ve seen before .
Edits :
2008-05 -08 : Added source files : NumInstances.hs and Dif.hs .
2008 -05 - 20 : Changed some variable names for clarity and consistency .
For instance , x@( D x0 x ') instead of p@( D x x ' ) .
instead of .
2008 -05 - 20 : Removed extraneous Fractional constraint in the Floating instance of Dif .
Automatic differentiation
The idea of AD is to simultaneously manipulate values and derivatives .
Overloading of the standard numerical operations ( and literals ) makes this combined manipulation as simple and pretty as manipulating values without derivatives .
In Functional Differentiation of Computer Programs , Jerzy Karczmarczuk extended the usual trick to a “ lazy tower of derivatives ” .
He exploited Haskell ’s laziness to carry infinitely many derivatives , rather than just one .
Lennart Augustsson ’s AD post contains a summary of Jerzy ’s idea and an application .
I ’ll use some of the details from Lennart ’s version , for simplicity .
For some perspectives on the mathematical structuure under AD , see sigfpe ’s AD post , and Non-standard analysis , automatic differentiation , Haskell , and other stories .
Representation and overloadings
The tower of derivatives can be represented as an infinite list .
Since we ’ll use operator overloadings that are not meaningful for lists in general , let ’s instead define a new data type :
data Dif a = D a ( Dif a )
Given a function f :: a ->
Dif b , f a has the form D x ( D x ' ( D x ' ' ... ) ) , where x is the value at a , and x ' , x '' … , are the derivatives ( first , second , … ) at a .
Constant functions have all derivatives equal to zero .
dConst :: Num a => a ->
Dif a dConst x0 = D x0 dZero dZero :: Num a =>
Dif a dZero = D 0 dZero
Numeric overloadings then are simple .
For instance ,
instance Num a =>
Num ( Dif a ) where from Integer = dConst . fromInteger D x0 x ' + D y0 y' = D ( x0 + y0 ) ( x ' + y ') D x0 x ' - D y0 y' = D ( x0 - y0 ) ( x ' - y ') x@( D x0 x ' ) * y@( D y0 y ') = D ( x0 * y0 ) ( x ' * y + x * y')
In each of the right - hand sides of these last three definitions , the first argument to D is constructed using Num a , while the second argument is recursively constructed using Num ( Dif a ) .
Jerzy ’s paper uses a function to provide all of the derivatives of a given function ( called dlift from Section 3.3 ) :
lift :: Num a => [ a -> a ] -> Dif a ->
Dif a lift ( f : f ' ) p@( D x x ' ) = D ( f x ) ( x ' * lift f ' p )
The given list of functions are all of the derivatives of a given function .
Then , derivative towers can be constructed by definitions like the following :
instance Floating a =>
Floating ( Dif a ) where pi = dConst pi exp ( D x x ' ) = r where r = D ( exp x ) ( x ' * r ) log p@( D x x ' ) = D ( log x ) ( x ' / p ) sqrt ( D x x ' ) = r where r = D ( sqrt x ) ( x ' / ( 2 * r ) ) sin = lift ( cycle [ sin , cos , negate .
sin , negate . cos ] ) cos = lift ( cycle [ cos , negate .
sin , negate . cos , sin ] ) asin p@( D x x ' ) = D ( asin x ) ( x ' / sqrt ( 1 - sqr p ) ) acos p@( D x x ' ) = D ( acos x ) ( - x ' / sqrt ( 1 - sqr p ) ) atan p@( D x x ' ) = D ( atan x ) ( x ' / ( sqr p - 1 ) ) sqr :: Num a => a -> a sqr x = x*x
Reintroducing the chain rule
The code above , which corresponds to section 3 of Jerzy ’s paper , is fairly compact .
It can be made prettier , however , which is the point of this blog post .
First , let ’s simplify the lift so that it expresses the chain rule directly .
In fact , this definition is just like dlift from Section 2 ( not Section 3 ) of Jerzy ’s paper .
It ’s the same code , but at a different type , here being used to manipulate infinite derivative towers instead of just value and derivative .
dlift :: Num a => ( a -> a ) -> ( Dif a -> Dif a ) -> Dif a ->
Dif a dlift f f ' = u@( D u0 u ' ) -> D ( f u0 ) ( f ' u * u ' )
This operator lets us write simpler definitions .
instance Floating a =>
Floating ( Dif a ) where pi = dConst pi exp = dlift exp exp log = dlift log recip sqrt = dlift sqrt ( recip .
( 2* ) . sqrt ) sin = dlift sin cos cos = dlift cos ( negate . sin ) asin = dlift asin ( x -> recip ( sqrt ( 1 - sqr x ) ) ) acos = dlift acos ( x -> - recip ( sqrt ( 1 - sqr x ) ) ) atan = dlift atan ( x -> recip ( sqr x + 1 ) ) sinh = dlift sinh cosh cosh = dlift cosh sinh asinh = dlift asinh ( x -> recip ( sqrt ( sqr x + 1 ) ) ) acosh = dlift acosh ( x -> - recip ( sqrt ( sqr x - 1 ) ) ) atanh = dlift atanh ( x -> recip ( 1 - sqr x ) )
The necessary recursion has moved out of the lifting function into the class instance ( second argument to dlift ) .
Notice that dlift and the Floating instance are the same code ( with minor variations ) as in Jerzy ’s section two .
In that section , however , the code computes only first derivatives , while here , we ’re computing all of them .
Prettier still , with function - level overloading
The last steps are cosmetic .
The goal is to make the derivative functions used with lift easier to read and write .
Just as we ’ve overloaded numeric operations for derivative towers ( Dif ) , let ’s also overload them for functions .
This trick is often used informally in math .
For instance , given functions f and g , one might write f + g to mean x -> f x + g x .
Using applicative functor notation makes these instances a breeze to define :
instance Num b =>
Num ( a - > b ) where fromInteger = pure .
fromInteger (+ ) = lift A2 (+ ) ( *) = lift A2 (*) negate = fmap negate abs = fmap abs signum = fmap signum
The other numeric class instances are analogous .
( Any applicative functor can be given these same instance definitions . )
As a final touch , define an infix operator to replace the name “ dlift “ :
infix 0 >-< (>-<) = dlift
Now the complete code :
instance Num a =>
Num ( Dif a ) where from Integer = dConst . fromInteger D x0 x ' + D y0 y' = D ( x0 + y0 ) ( x ' + y ') D x0 x ' - D y0 y' = D ( x0 - y0 ) ( x ' - y ') x@( D x0 x ' ) * y@( D y0 y ') = D ( x0 * y0 ) ( x ' * y + x * y ') negate = negate >-< - 1 abs = abs >-< signum signum = signum >-< 0 instance Fractional a => Fractional ( Dif a ) where fromRational = dConst .
fromRational recip = recip >-< - sqr recip instance Floating a =>
Floating ( Dif a ) where pi = dConst pi exp = exp >-< exp log = log >-< recip sqrt = sqrt >-< recip ( 2 * sqrt ) sin = sin >-< cos cos = cos >-< - sin sinh = sinh >-< cosh cosh = cosh >-< sinh asin = asin >-< recip ( sqrt ( 1 - sqr ) ) acos = acos >-< recip (- sqrt ( 1 - sqr ) ) atan = atan >-< recip ( 1+sqr ) asinh = asinh >-< recip ( sqrt ( 1+sqr ) ) acosh = acosh >-< recip (- sqrt ( sqr - 1 ) ) atanh = atanh >-< recip ( 1 - sqr )
The operators and literals on the right of the ( >-<) are overloaded for the type Dif a ->
Dif a .
For instance , in the definition of sqrt ,
2 :: Dif a ->
Dif a recip :: ( Dif a -> Dif a ) -> ( Dif a -> Dif a ) ( * ) :: ( Dif a -> Dif a ) -> ( Dif a -> Dif a ) -> ( Dif a -> Dif a )
Try it
You can try out this code yourself .
Just grab the source files : NumInstances.hs and Dif.hs .
Enjoy !
Lately I ’ve been playing again with parametric surfaces in Haskell .
Surface rendering requires normals , which can be constructed from partial derivatives , which brings up automatic differentiation ( AD ) .
Playing with some ...
You can get pretty much anything through a vending machine in Japan these days - even bread .
But for products that come with an age restriction , the authorities are having a hard time thinking up new ways to prevent under -agers from getting their hands on them .
Blogger " Pink Tentacle " has written about the discovery by a Japanese reporter that you can trick newly introduced age - verifying scanners on cigarette vending machines by holding up a picture of somebody older .
The wrinkle - scanning machines have barely come off the production line but are already proven failures in deterring under - 20s ( the legal age ) from lighting up .
With Japan counting one of the highest smoking rates in the world , it seems like a lame attempt at tackling the problem .
Our Observer in the country wonders whether the Japanese government 's 50 % share in the tobacco industry has anything to do with it .
Undoing the Worrying Habit Once acquired , the habit of worrying seems hard to stop .
We 're raised to worry and are n't considered " grown up " until we perfect the art .
Teenagers are told : " you 'd better start worrying about your future " .
If your worries are n't at least as frequent as your bowel movements , you 're seen as irresponsible , childish , aimless .
That 's a " responsible adult " game rule .
To the extent that worrying is learned / conditioned behaviour , it can be undone .
There are psychological gimmicks for undoing the worry habit .
There are also obstacles .
Obstacle 1 : Happiness Negation Centuries - old cultural conditioning has given us a nasty neurosis : the belief that happiness must be " earned " .
It can be " earned " only by enduring unpleasantness ( eg work , pain , misery ) .
But how do you know if you 've endured enough unpleasantness to deserve happiness ?
Another unspoken game rule : " responsible adults " can never endure enough unpleasantness to truly deserve happiness .
Laid on top of the first neurosis is the idea that spending money will make you happy .
This is toffee coating on a bad puritan apple .
If you spend enough money to give you the ( advertised ) conditions for happiness , the neurosis emerges in the form of apparently random worries , guilt , " feeling shitty " , etc .
Worrying is the easiest and most popular way to negate happiness .
( See sidebar interlude ) .
So : we never stop working , we never stop spending money , we 're never really happy  ideal conditions , coincidentally , for a certain type of slave economy .
Obstacle 2 : The Idea that Worrying Serves a " Purpose " You wo n't stop worrying if you think it serves you .
So it 's a good idea to distinguish the fight - or - flight response ( a healthy bodily reaction to immediate danger ) from worry ( a psychological problem ) .
By making this distinction , you 're less likely to overrate the value of worrying .
The fight - or - flight response ( FOF ) is useful on rare occasions of real danger .
In animals , the FOF responds to " external " stimuli ; in humans it responds also to worries about imagined dangers , and to socially - conditioned psychological stimuli : " what will people think about me ? " , etc. Worrying is never useful .
It handicaps and diminishes us .
The more it triggers the FOF with imagined threats , the more it prevents clear thinking ( which is probably our greatest survival asset ) .
Rearranging the mental furniture
There 's a useful gimmick to help stop worrying ( we 've already mentioned it briefly in How to Avoid Responsibilities , but it 's worth looking at in detail ) .
You simply cultivate the habit of postponing worrying .
Your mind becomes ( re -) conditioned to not dwell on worries in the present .
The trick is that whenever you feel plagued by a worrying thought , note it down on a " worry sheet " ( a piece of paper set aside for the purpose )  you can then forget about it , knowing that you plan to worry later .
This deceptively simple technique is effective because it bypasses the psychological obstacles mentioned above .
Your mind is " fooled " into thinking that you have n't given up worrying .
Meanwhile , you lose the habit of worrying in the present moment .
You can plan to revisit noted worries at a time when you 're worry - free .
Or you can postpone worries indefinitely .
That might sound bizarre , but then so is the notion that you must experience endless unhappiness ( eg worrying ) before you 're allowed to be happy .
More likely is that when using this technique you will simply forget your original worries  they will never have bothered you .
Accelerator - Brake analogy
What follows is slightly more esoteric than above .
Feel free to ignore ...
Strange as it may seem , you want what you worry about .
Or at least that 's what you inadvertently tell your brain when you worry .
On one level , your brain can't process " negatives " .
If you tell it : " do n't think about crashing the car " , it can't help being " attracted " to the thought / image of crashing .
Consciously , worrying is about preventing / resisting / avoiding X. Subconsciously , it 's a reinforcement of wanting X ( at least to the extent of wanting the experience of X in your mind ) .
Consciously , you 're pressing on the brake ; subconsciously you 're pressing on the accelerator .
The difficulty is that your " feet " ( to continue with the analogy ) are tied together .
So , to stop accelerating , you must also lift your foot from the brake .
But you refuse to do this ( which might be sensible in a car ; but your brain is n't a car ) .
You somehow have to persuade ( or con ) your brain into thinking it 's safe to lift both feet from the worry pedals .
For serious anxiety disorders , phobias , etc , many people go into therapy .
The end result , if successful , is equivalent to learning to lift both feet ( ie to " let go " of the worry / fear ) .
For relatively " minor " worry problems , you can use psychological gimmicks to " con " your brain into letting go of the worry  eg the worry postponement and " focused punishment " techniques described above ( both have the effect of getting you to " lift both feet " from the accelerator - brake ) .
printable version >
Catch our daily blog on the UK news headlines , News Frames >
Please donate a small amount ( by Paypal ) , and as a thank - you we 'll give you download access to our book and other goodies ...
Donate > Interlude :
You 're finally on holiday / vacation .
Sun , sand , palm trees , etc .
You say to yourself :
" I think I deserve this after all those months in the office ! "
Suddenly , an apparently random worry pops into your head : did you turn off the water before you left for the airport ?
What about the dripping tap ?
Focused " Punishment "
Lie down somewhere undisturbed .
Separate the feeling of the worry / anxiety from the thoughts / circumstances which triggered it .
Focus entirely on the unpleasant feeling .
Artificially increase the unpleasantness of the feeling .
Spend 10 - 15 minutes doing this .
It 's good " punishment " .
Fight - or - Flight ( FOF ) : Normal & Pathological i) " Normal " : Present or imminent danger triggers FOF , which leaves body in a state conducive to anxiety & worry ( temporary ) until body returns to non-adrenaline state .
For example , your car skids on an icy surface .
ii ) " Pathological " : Works in the opposite direction .
Starts with worry ( about imagined or non-imminent danger ) , which triggers FOF , which leaves body in state conducive to more worrying ( a vicious circle / spiral ) .
It is possible to worry without noticeably triggering FOF .
Minor worries thus seem harmless .
But the effect is cumulative , known as " stress " .
Worrying is never useful .
Worrying only appears useful because problems are often solved after a period of worrying .
Perhaps we make a ( false ) connection between the worrying and the problem 's solution .
Over the past few days , John McCain has launched an all - out war against Barack Obama 's fitness to be commander - in - chief .
In Denver on Friday , McCain claimed that in supporting the January 2007 surge in Iraq , he passed " a real - time test for a future commander - in - chief " his Democratic rival supposedly failed .
That same day , McCain insisted to CNN 's Wolf Blitzer , " I know how to win wars . "
And on ABC This Week on Sunday , McCain ridiculed over and over Barack Obama 's " total lack of understanding " of the realities - and stakes - in Iraq .
As McCain put it in his address to the American GI Forum Friday , Barack Obama failed the John McCain commander - in - chief test :
" Senator Obama and I also faced a decision , which amounted to a real - time test for a future commander - in - chief .
America passed that test .
I believe my judgment passed that test .
And I believe Senator Obama 's failed . "
Sadly , when it comes to the war in Iraq , it is the Arizona Republican who failed his own commander - in - chief exam .
At almost every turn in the run-up to the invasion and the ensuing American occupation , McCain 's judgment was almost always wrong , often disastrously so .
From his predictions of a short war , claims U.S. troops would be greeted as liberators and that the U.S. would find weapons of mass destruction to his announcements of mission accomplished , his ongoing confusion over friend and foe in Iraq and so much more , John McCain the would - be wartime president gets failing marks .
That F grade is not , as McCain insists , a " job for the historians . "
As his past statements show , American voters can reach that conclusion right now .
On the Run - Up to War
" I am very certain that this military engagement will not be very difficult . "
( John McCain , September 12 , 2002 . )
" Look , we 're going to send young men and women in harm 's way and that 's always a great danger , but I cannot believe that there is an Iraqi soldier who is going to be willing to die for Saddam Hussein , particularly since he will know that our objective is to remove Saddam Hussein from power . "
( John McCain , September 15 , 2002 . )
" But the fact is , I think we could go in with much smaller numbers than we had to do in the past .
But any military man worth his salt is going to have to prepare for any contingency , but I do n't believe it 's going to be nearly the size and scope that it was in 1991 . "
( John McCain , September 15 , 2002 . )
" He 's a patriot who has the best interests of his country at heart . "
( John McCain , on Ahmed Chalabi , 2003 . )
On Saddam 's Weapons of Mass Destruction
" Proponents of containment claim that Iraq is in a " box . "
But it is a box with no lid , no bottom , and whose sides are falling out .
Within this box are definitive footprints of germ , chemical and nuclear programs . "
( John McCain , February 13 , 2003 . )
" I remain confident that we will find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq . "
( John McCain , June 11 , 2003 . )
On Being Greeted as Liberators
" Absolutely .
Absolutely . "
( John McCain , asked by Chris Matthews , " you believe that the people of Iraq or at least a large number of them will treat us as liberators ? "
March 12 , 2003 . )
" Not only that , they 'll be relieved that he's not in the neighborhood because he has invaded his neighbors on several occasions . "
( John McCain , asked by Chris Matthews , " And you think the Arab world will come to a grudging recognition that what we did was necessary ? "
March 12 , 2003 . )
" There 's no doubt in my mind that we will prevail and there 's no doubt in my mind , once these people are gone , that we will be welcomed as liberators . "
( John McCain , March 24 , 2003 . )
On a Rapid Victory and Mission Accomplished
" I think the victory will be rapid , within about three weeks . "
( John McCain , January 28 , 2003 . )
" It 's clear that the end is very much in sight ... It wo n't be long .
It , it 'll be a fairly short period of time . "
( John McCain , April 9 , 2003 . )
" We won a massive victory in a few weeks , and we did so with very limited loss of American and allied lives . "
( John McCain , May 22 , 2003 . )
" I thought it was wrong at the time .
Do I blame him for that specific banner ?
I can't . "
( John McCain , on President Bush 's " Mission Accomplished " speech , May 1 , 2008 . )
" Well , then why was there a banner that said mission accomplished on the aircraft carrier ? " ( John McCain , responding to assertion by Fox News ' Neil Cavuto that " many argue the conflict is n't over , " June 11 , 2003 . )
" I have said a long time that reconstruction of Iraq would be a long , long , difficult process , but the conflict -- the major conflict is over , the regime change has been accomplished , and it's very appropriate . "
( John McCain , June 11 , 2003 . )
" I'm confident we 're on the right course . " ( John McCain , March 7 , 2004 . )
" We 're either going to lose this thing or win this thing within the next several months . "
( John McCain , November 12 , 2006 . )
" My friends , the war will be over soon , the war for all intents and purposes although the insurgency will go on for years and years and years . "
( John McCain , February 25 , 2008 . )
On the Safe Streets of Baghdad
" [ There ] there " are neighborhoods in Baghdad where you and I could walk through those neighborhoods , today . "
( John McCain , after touring a Baghdad market wearing a bulletproof vest and guarded by " 100 American soldiers , with three Blackhawk helicopters , and two Apache gunships overhead , April 1 , 2007 . )
" There 's problems in America with safe neighborhoods as we well know . "
( John McCain , March 8 , 2008 . )
On President Bush and His Team
" We are very fortunate that our president in these challenging days can rely on the counsel of a man who has demonstrated time and again the resolve , experience , and patriotism that will be required for success and the hard - headed clear thinking necessary to prevail in this global fight between good and evil . "
( John McCain , on Dick Cheney , July 16 , 2004 . )
" I think he strengthened our national defenses .
I think he has a good team around him . "
( John McCain , on President Bush , September 3 , 2004 . )
" I said no .
My answer is still no .
No confidence . "
( John McCain , on whether he had confidence in Bush Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld , December 15 , 2004 . )
On the Non-Existent Alliance Between Al Qaeda and Iran
" But Al Qaeda is there , they are functioning , they are supported in many times , in many ways by the Iranians . "
( John McCain , February 28 , 2008 . )
" As you know , there are al Qaeda operatives that are taken back into Iran , given training as leaders , and they 're moving back into Iraq . "
( John McCain , March 17 , 2008 . )
" [ Iranian operatives are ] " taking al - Qaeda into Iran , training them and sending them back . "
( John McCain , March 18 , 2008 . )
" [ It is ] common knowledge and has been reported in the media that al - Qaeda is going back into Iran and receiving training and are coming back into Iraq from Iran , that 's well known .
And it 's unfortunate . "
( John McCain , March 18 , 2008 . )
" Al Qaeda and Shia extremists -- with support from external powers such as Iran -- are on the run but not defeated . "
( McCain campaign statement , March 19 , 2008 . )
" To think that I would have some lack of knowledge about Sunni and Shia after my eighth visit and my deep involvement in this issue is a bit ludicrous . "
( John McCain , March 19 , 2008 . )
" Do you still view Al Qaeda in Iraq as a major threat ?
Certainly not an obscure sect of the Shiites overall … " ( John McCain , questioning General David Petraeus , April 8 , 2008 . )
On the Timeline of the Surge and the Sunni Awakening
" Too often the light at the tunnel has turned out to be a train , but I really believe -- I really believe that there 's a strong possibility that you may see a very substantial change in Anbar province due to this new changes in our relationships with the sheiks in the region . "
( John McCain , January 5 , 2007 ( five days before President Bush announced the surge strategy and the deployment of more U.S. forces to Iraq . )
" Because of the surge we were able to go out and protect that sheik and others .
And it began the Anbar awakening .
I mean , that 's just a matter of history . "
( John McCain , July 22 , 2008 . )
On a Permanent American Military Presence in Iraq
" We cannot keep our forces indefinitely staged in the region .
Were we to attempt again to contain Saddam , we would eventually have to withdraw them .
The world is full of dangers and , more likely than not , we will need some of those brave men and women to face them down . "
( John McCain , February 13 , 2003 . )
" Well , if that scenario evolves , then I think it 's obvious that we would have to leave because - if it was an elected government of Iraq - and we 've been asked to leave other places in the world .
If it were an extremist government , then I think we would have other challenges , but I do n't see how we could stay when our whole emphasis and policy has been based on turning the Iraqi government over to the Iraqi people . "
( John McCain , April 22 , 2004 . )
" We have had troops in South Korea for 60 years and nobody minds . "
( John McCain , June 7 , 2007 . )
" Make it a hundred . "
( John McCain , told that President Bush had said American troops could remain in Iraq for 50 years , January 3 , 2008 . )
" I asked McCain about his ' hundred years ' comment , and he reaffirmed the remark , excitedly declaring that U.S. troops could be in Iraq for ' a thousand years ' or ' a million years , ' as far as he was concerned . "
( David Corn , January 3 , 2008 . )
" The U.S. could have a military presence anywhere in the world for a long period of time . "
( John McCain , February 20 , 2008 . )
" By January 2013 , America has welcomed home most of the servicemen and women who have sacrificed terribly so that America might be secure in her freedom . "
( John McCain , May 15 , 2008 . )
" I can tell you that it is succeeding .
I can look you in the eye and tell you it 's succeeding .
We have drawn down to pre-surge levels .
Basra , Mosul and now Sadr city are quiet and it's long and it's hard and it's tough and there will be setbacks . "
( John McCain , on a day when Mosul was rocked by suicide bombs and U.S. troop strength remained abve pre-surge level , May 30 , 2008 . )
" No , but that 's not too important . "
( John McCain , asked by NBC's Matt Lauer if he had a better estimate of when American troops can come home from Iraq , June 11 , 2008 . )
( For a video compilation of these and a legion of other McCain erroneous statements on iraq , visit the Jed Report . )
Note :
This piece was crossposted at Perrspectives .
Neal Stephenson ’s new novel , ANATHEM , germinated in 01999 when Danny Hillis asked him and several other contributors to sketch out their ideas of what the Millennium Clock might look like .
Stephenson tossed off a quick sketch and promptly forgot about it .
Five years later however , when he was between projects , the idea came back to him , and he began to explore the possibility of building a novel around it .
ANATHEM is the result , and will be released on September 9th , 02008 .
I recently finished reading the review copy that Neal sent .
The book pulled me in immediately , and I ended up reading the nearly 1000 - page tome in just a few days .
Set in a genre bending alt - future - retro world where mechani - punk technology meets space opera in a blend of the best of Snow Crash and the Baroque Cycle .
Here is what Stewart , Danny and Kevin from the Long Now board had to say …
“ ‘ I suffer from attention surplus disorder , ’ jokes a character in Anathem .
Attention surplus is exactly what Stephenson teaches his readers , in a book so tightly crafted it rewards instant rereading . ” – Stewart Brand
“ It is a great story , set in an alternative reality where people take long - term thinking seriously . ”
– Danny Hillis
“ Long Now ’s 10,000 - year clock inspired Neal Stephenson ’s new story , Anathem , and now Anathem is inspiring the Long Now .
In ten centuries , no one will be sure which came first . ” – Kevin Kelly
The Long Now Foundation will be hosting the book launch event in San Francisco on the evening of September 9th .
The evening will include a reading by Stephenson , Q&A with Danny Hillis , and a small concert of the original music inspired by the book .
Signed copies of the book will also be available .
Members of The Long Now Foundation will get complimentary priority invitations , and if you want to sign up for updates on this event please do so here .
Still wondering what The Long Now Foundation is ?
You can find out more here .
The French are different from you and me .
Yes , they have Sarkozy .
And they have Carla .
And they have “ the Carla effect , ” as it ’s known in Paris .
If an American first lady , or would - be first lady , described herself as a “ tamer of men ” and had a “ man-eating ” past filled with naked pictures , Mick Jagger and Eric Clapton , sultry prone CD covers , breaking up marriages , bragging that she believes in polygamy and polyandry rather than monogamy , and having a son with a married philosopher whose father she had had an affair with , it would take more than an appearance on “ The View ” to sweeten her image .
It ’s hard to imagine the decibel level on Fox News if Michelle Obama put out a CD this summer , as Carla Bruni - Sarkozy is , with songs featuring lyrics like “ I am a child / despite my 40 years / despite my 30 lovers / a child ” ; and this song , “ Ma came ” : “ You are my junk / more deadly than Afghan heroin / more dangerous than Colombian white .
.../ My guy , I roll him up and smoke him . ”
Or if Michelle gave an interview , as Carla did in a new book , “ La Véritable Histoire de Carla et Nicolas , ” revealing that she fell in love with her husband for his many fertile brains .
All Countries Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Antigua Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Burma Cambodia Canada Cape Verde Chad Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czechia Denmark Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Estonia Falkland Islands Federated States of Micronesia Finland France French Polynesia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Greenland Guatemala Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Malaysia Maldives Malta Martinique Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Panama Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Saudi Arabia Serbia Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
According to the official account , 19 Arabs hijacked four passenger planes on September 11 , 2001 and crashed these planes with passengers and crew onto the World Trade Center , the Pentagon and a field near Shanksville , Pennsylvania .
Two of the aircraft belonged to American Airlines and two to United Airlines .
In view of the huge losses incurred by these airlines in terms of human lives and assets , one would have expected them to help shed light on the criminal events .
As will be shown below , the airlines have , on the contrary , refused to disclose crucial evidence to the families of the victims and to the public in general and continue to do so .
One of the immediate worries of American Airlines on September 11 , 2001 , was how to mould information flow to the general public and prevent " rumors " and wrong " theories " to leak out .
A prestigious public - relations agency was put on the scene by AA " minutes after the first crash " to help carry out that communications task .
Concurrent to such public - relations efforts , both airlines refused and continue to refuse to disclose the most fundamental data in their possession regarding the murderous events , such as passenger lists and access to eye - witnesses .
This evidence suggests airlines ’ complicity in covering up the truth on 9/11 .
THE OFFICIAL ACCOUNT
While the US administration has not issued any authoritative " official account " ( or " white book " ) of the events of 911 , as promised shortly after the events by Secretary of State Colin Powell ( 1 ) , the report issued by the bi-partisan Congressional Commission of Inquiry in June 2004 ( 2 ) may be regarded as the nearest thing to an " official account " .
According to this report , 19 Arab hijackers , whose names and photographs have been posted shortly after the attacks on the FBI website ( 3 ) ( 4 ) , perpetrated the atrocities on September 11 through a collective suicide operation .
Two AA and two UA passenger jets were , according to this account , flown as living missiles into the named targets .
The first AA aircraft ( flight AA11 , tail no .
N334AA ) is said to have left Logan airport in Boston at 7:59 with 92 people on board ( crew , passengers and hijackers ) and crashed at 8:46 on the North Tower of the World Trade Center in New York City .
The second AA aircraft ( flight AA77 , tail no .
N644AA ) is said to have left Dulles airport in Washington , D.C. at 8:20 with 64 people on board and crashed into the Pentagon at 9:37 .
The above departure times , incidentally , are still disputed and in the case of AA11 ( 5 ) .
As of November 13 , 2003 , the statistical database of the Department of Transportation ( BTS ) did not even mention AA11 as a flight scheduled for September 11 , 2001 ( 6 ) .
At a later date the Department added a record for this flight with the departure time set as zero .
Checking again the BTS database for this article on November 18 , 2004 , I discovered that the DoT again amended its database by setting the scheduled departure of AA11 to the " official time " of 7:45 ( 6 ) .
It appears that the DoT had received orders to align its database with the " official account " on the crime of 9/11 .
Should this have happened , there would be grounds to charge the DoT for falsification of official records and participation in a criminal cover-up .
Hundreds of questions regarding the events of 9/11 remain unaddressed both by the Joint Senate House Committee as well as by the 9/11 Commission of Inquiry .
The present article examines only one particular question :
Whether American Airlines ( and United Airlines ) are participants in the vast cover -up of the crimes committed on September 11 , 2001 .
WAS THERE PRIOR KNOWLEDGE ?
On the morning of September 11 , 2001 , the Dallas office of Weber Shandwick , one of world ’s largest public relations agencies , mobilized a nationwide network of public relations professionals to assist the American Airlines corporate communications department .
The details are reported on Weber Shandwick ’s website :
" Within minutes of the first terrorist attack involving American Airlines , Weber Shandwick put in motion a national strategic support network , comprising more than 75 Weber Shandwick professionals , to assist American Airlines during this unprecedented crisis situation .
Over the following week , the W.S. team worked around the clock on site at the AA corporate headquarters in Fort Worth , Texas , as well as in New York , Washington , D.C. , Boston and Los Angeles , providing strategic counsel and tactical support for both internal and external communications .
Additionally , the Dallas office of W.S. was staffed 24 hours a day , monitoring breaking national broadcast and online news .
Communications specialists in crisis management , consumer relations , internal communications , and government affairs provided support ....
Externally , AA faced the difficult challenge of controlling what was being said about the airline by unauthorized spokespeople .
Flight attendants , pilots – and their unions - along with contracted security firms , airport authorities , government agencies including the FBI , FAA and National Transportation Safety Board , and local government agencies all issued statements regarding the events .
Eyewitnesses , stranded passengers and post - September 11 travelers were also of concern .
All of these external groups has an impact on American Airlines ’ communications strategy , requiring that the W.S. team ensure consistent communications with all audiences . " (
7 )
Timothy Doke was AA Vice President of Corporate Communications at the time of the 9/11 events .
He is now Vice President – Corporate Communication at Freescale Semiconductor , Inc .
As a response to the present author ’s inquiry , Tim Doke responded by email on October 6 , 2004 :
" Dear Elias .
There seems to be some confusion around the way AA handled the crisis at the time of 9/11 .
We did not ‘ outsource ’ all our crisis communications to Weber Shandwick .
We managed it from beginning to end in - house .
Because of our staffing resources were limited and the air transportation system was shut down , precluding us from getting our staff to key locations around the country , we relied heavily on W.S. professionals to supplement our PR resources at our headquarters in DFW and to provide on - site personnel to support our people in Boston , LA and New York ... Nothing in [ our crisis ] plan contemplated having the FBI move into our offices , declare an incident a criminal investigation and shut - off any of the traditional external media communications we would do in the case of a crash . "
Tim Doke added , laconically : " Most of the people who were involved in the crisis on 9/11 have left AA . "
According to Sherri Green and Claire Murphy of PR Week USA of November 11 , 2001 ( 5 ) , who interviewed Tim Doke , he " immediately called Ken Luce , president of Weber Shandwick Worldwide ’s Southwest US office .
The agency sent more than 20 people to American ’s headquarters and to airports around the U.S. [ according to the agency , the figure was 75 professionals , see above – E.D. ] ..
It seemed like every media call raised a new issue " .
Doke also reportedly said that " spokespeople subtly steered reporters away from false rumors and leaked information .
Employees from WSW and American ’s other agency , Burson - Marsteller , served as the firm ’s eyes and ears in the airports its staff could n’t reach while planes were grounded " .
The above account raises various questions with far - reaching consequences :
( a) Weber Shandwick states on its website that it deployed 75 P/R professionals around the country in support of AA " within minutes " of the crashes .
The accuracy of this statement was confirmed to a colleague of the present author by Weber Shandwick ’s Ken Luce on October 5th 2004 .
How could Tim Doke , let alone Ken Luce of Weber Shandwick , know within minutes that AA aircraft were involved in the attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , when it is publicly claimed that neither the US President , the US military and other security agencies , knew at the time what was going on , let alone could know the identity of the crashed aircraft ?
Is it plausible that a service agreement , detailing the nature , scope and costs of Weber Shandwick ’s P/R services for American Airlines , could have been drafted , finalized and negotiated within minutes of the attacks ?
Or were AA and Weber Shandwick executives forewarned on the attacks , ready to act on the spur of the moment ?
If so , by whom were they forewarned ?
In an email of November 7 , 2004 to the present author , Tim Doke dismisses that AA or Weber Shandwick " had any premonition of the events of 9/11 .
It was the furthest thing from our minds . "
Regarding the promptness of Weber Shandwick ’s reaction he merely explained that " Weber Shandwick had people ready to respond quickly to this event . "
( b)
What were the specific interests that prompted AA to engage in a massive P/R efforts on the very day of the attacks ?
A hint is given in the statement by Weber Shandwick that it was necessary for AA to " ensure consistent communications with all audiences " .
In his email of November 7 , 2004 , Tim Doke shed some light on the term " consistent communications " by saying : " Lots of people claimed to have knowledge or theories about what happened that they shared with any reporter who would listen .
It was important for us to go ‘ off the record ’ with certain media who were straying from the facts as we , at AA , uniquely knew them .
We did this to prevent inacurate reporting . "
However , in his email he maintained that " employees who were in contact with the terrorists on the ground were fully interviewed by the FBI , but had no desire to speak to the media .
Of course , they could not talk to reporters anyway under the FBI 's restrictions . "
One may surmise that AA employees were strictly forbidden to talk to media and the public about what they knew so that only " authorized " individuals could describe the events in line with what the corporation wanted the world to know .
This required to " subtly steer [ ...] reporters away from rumors and leaked information " .
AA was apparently concerned , and seriously so , that some facts regarding the events of 9/11 and AA ’s relation to these events , would reach the public .
PARTICIPATING IN THE COVER -UP ?
As mentioned already in the previous section , part of the public relations efforts carried out by Weber Shandwick , at the request of American Airlines , was to " subtly steer [ . , .] reporters away from rumors and leaked information " .
What type of " leaked information " was AA concerned with ?
It is argued here that the information AA did not want to " leak " to the public was the same information that AA refuses to reveal to the families of the victims and to the public in general since 9/11 .
Such information includes :
( a) Names of ground personnel who saw off the passengers and crew at the departure gate on 9/11 and could testify on what they saw ; ( b ) Authentified copies of the flight manifests , which would show the names of the alleged hijackers and of the passengers ; ( c ) Copies of boarding cards , which would show the names of the alleged hijackers and of the passengers and confirm their seat numbers ; ( d) Computer listing of the boarding times of individual passengers and hijackers ; ( e ) Positive evidence that the aircraft which left the airport was indeed the aircraft which later crashed into the known target ( aircraft serial number , tail number , engine serial numbers , black boxes , etc. ) ; ( f ) Names and contacts of AA personnel who reportedly communicated by cellphones with crew or passengers on the hijacked aircraft and could publicly testify on these conversations .
The present author asked both American and United Airlines to provide some of the above information .
Both airlines declined to provide the information and referred the author to the FBI for all such data .
The last attempt to obtain information from American Airlines ( a letter to AA spokesman Marty Heires of October 6 , 2004 ) did not elicit any response at all .
Neither airline , however , justified in its answer its refusal on a legal restraining order or on the need to protect the privacy of the families of the victims or of its personnel .
The author has not come across any Justice Department order , or any legal ruling , that prohibits airlines from releasing the above information and airline personnel to communicate freely with the media on matters relating to 9/11 .
However , Tim Doke , in his email to the present author claimed that the FBI " limited what we could say publicly through the media " and that " employees who were in contact with the terrorists on the ground ... could not talk to reporters ... under the FBI 's restrictions . "
A spokesperson of the FBI , asked why the agency has not publicized the original flight manifests in support of its allegation against 19 named hijackers , did not maintain that the FBI or the airlines were legally prohibited from disclosing the original flight manifest .
She simply referred the present author to the airlines for such information .
The airlines ’ apparently uncoerced refusal to produce the above information suggests that this refusal is prompted by their interest to prevent their employees , the families of victims and the public from knowing the full truth on the events of 9/11 ,
DID AA OFFICIALS POSITIVELY IDENTIFY THE CRASHED PLANES ?
In order to obtain insurance benefits , owners of a crashed plane must positively identify the plane as theirs .
Yet , in the case of the reported crashes of the four planes on September 11 , 2001 , no evidence could be found in the public domain that airline experts positively identified the crashed planes from the planes ’ wreckage .
If such expertise did take place beyond public gaze , why would American or United Airlines not announce such positive identification on their website or in a press release ?
The Report by the Congressional Inquiry Commission does not either , for its part , refer to any positive forensic identification of the aircraft by the airlines or by public agencies .
According to the " official account " , the aircrafts were the weapons with which the passengers were killed .
In a proper criminal investigation , one of investigators ’ first tasks is to identify the owner of the murder weapon and find out how that weapon reached the scene of the crime .
Yet , no reference to such an investigation could be found in the allegedly " comprehensive " report by the Congressional Commission of Inquiry .
The lack of positive identification of the aircraft means that the families of the dead or missing passengers cannot know with certainty where and how their beloved ones actually died nor who caused their deaths .
WHAT COULD THE AIRLINES BE COVERING UP ?
It might be argued that the airlines ’ secrecy is prompted by their fear of being sued for negligent security measures rather than by charges of criminal complicity .
If this were the case , what would explain the refusal of the airlines to release the original flight manifests or allow eyewitnesses to be questioned publicly ?
It appears , therefore , that the airlines cooperate with US public agencies in covering up the crime of 9/11 .
I 've read online that bacon can be successfully added to Rice Krispies treats , but I can't find a recipe to figure how much bacon would be good to add - - how much is too little or too much .
Also , would I replace some of the butter with bacon grease , or does that matter as far as flavor ?
I 'm trying to make a trio of bacon treats for a road trip & music show this weekend , and would l like to have this one to go with the bacon cookies and bacon brittle .
Thanks !
What is the right amount of bacon to add to Rice Krispies treats ?
The US Transport Security Administration ( TSA ) has celebrated the successful trial of ' see through clothes ' scanners by ordering 30 more of the millimeter wave devices for Los Angeles and JFK International airports this spring .
The scanners , which produce a whole , naked , body image , have been in use at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport since October last year , following an earlier deployment there of backscatter whole body scanners .
Neither flavour of scanner seems to have massively outraged the Phoenix air travelling public , and the TSA claims a 79 per cent acceptance rate for backscatter , which uses low intensity x-ray technology .
In Phoenix , however , backscatter was offered as a voluntary alternative to a pat - down to passengers selected for secondary screening - i.e. , it was n't an option offered to all passengers , just for the ones security was already suspicious of , or who thought security was already suspicious of them .
' Do n't make trouble ' could have a serious effect on a scanner 's acceptance rate .
For the more recent millimeter wave deployment , the TSA claims 90 per cent of passengers preferred the scanner to the pat - down .
LAX and JFK passengers wo n't be getting quite the same treatment .
The JFK trial will operate in the same way as the Phoenix one , while at LAX passengers will be selected at random , and according to the TSA , those who decline the offer of a virtual strip - search will be offered " alternative screening measures . "
Whether by this the TSA means a pat down , an aggressive pat down by a lascivious goon , or something even more " alternative " involving hosepipes , is not clear .
The LAX pilot , says the TSA , will allow it " to examine millimeter wave 's operational capability , throughput , training , ease of use and privacy perceptions by the traveling public . "
Privacy is certainly an issue .
Millimeter wave scanner images are n't exactly what you 'd call porn , but they produce a fair rendering of the human body underneath the clothes , revealing non-metallic but troubling items that might be concealed by your average drug smuggler or terrorist .
The TSA seems not as yet to have come up with a privacy FAQ specific to these scanners , but the backscatter one covers similar territory , less graphically .
Does that woman have two navels , or is it just us ?
The TSA 's " actual image " graphics , in any event , seem mysteriously less detailed than the ones used in conjunction with its failed attempt to introduce backscatter at Orlando airport in 2002 .
The viewing set up for the new scanners is intended to " ensure privacy . "
Images are viewed by officers at a " remote location " ; so you can't hear them laughing , and as they can't see your actual body they 're unable to recognise you ( later , say , in some bar ) and laugh again then .
Unless your shape is seriously distinctive .
Images are deleted after they 've been viewed , we are told .
At the time of the announcement of the Phoenix pilot the TSA committed to buying eight of the scanners to cover this and the JFK and LAX rollouts .
But with the number now up to 30 the intent is clearly to deploy them generally , no arguments .
The scanners being used are ProVisions from L3 Communications , which claims scans can be generated in " as little as 10 seconds " and have " potential peak throughput levels of over 400 people an hour " .
Multilane configurations are available , which is possibly how the maths of those claims work . ®
:
P
On this page :
I 've been thinking a bit about JavaScript inclusion in the last few weeks as I 've been working on quite a few different Web projects that use a fair bit of JavaScript functionality .
One thing that I 'm still trying to feel good about is how JavaScript is included into pages .
There are a number of different ways that script embedding can be done especially with ASP .
NET and none of them are really perfect .
So what 's the Problem ?
The issue is plain and simple , how do you deal with JavaScript inclusion into the page given that you have a fair number of JavaScript files that are bound to change frequently and across multiple projects / applications ?
My assumption here is that I 'm using a few libraries and utility classes both public ( jQuery and jQuery plug- ins mainly ) and some internally developed support libraries .
All in all many pages I deal with have typically 4 - 8 related JavaScript resources in AJAX centric applications with about 15 - 20 JavaScript resources overall involved in a typical project .
In addition there are a few ASP .
NET custom controls that depend on some of these Ajax libraries and components .
My project load currently runs about 10 concurrent projects both internal and external and all of them are making use of these same script resources .
Keeping versions of both my internal JavaScript libraries as well as external libraries in sync and up to date for each of these applications both in development and online gets to be challenging especially if the files are not necessarily delivered as a unified whole ( ie. often I pick and choose which plug-ins to use ) .
So as you can probably see , it 's pretty easy to be in ' script file hell ' - I find myself using Beyond Compare quite frequently to compare what 's changed across different projects and update scripts precariously .
I do n't think there are easy solutions to this problem other than being very organized and managing versions as anally as possible but doing so can be a real drag on productivity as I move from project to project wondering if I have the correct current version .
There are many different ways that JavaScript resources can be loaded into pages from the basic manually managed header embedding of each script to using full ASP.
NET resource management of all script files used .
And plenty of other options in between .
Try as I might I have not found a solution that really makes me feel all warm and fuzzy , so I 'm curious what you are doing and what works best for you .
But let 's review some of the approaches that are available to script embedding .
For a specific example , let 's take the more generic case of the jQuery library .
Here are some of the options you have to get jQuery into your page :
Include in a scripts folder and link via script include as jQuery.js
Include in a scripts folder and link via script include as jQuery - 1.2.6.js ( ie. version specific )
Link to the version specific file at jQuery.com ( typically jQuery - 1.2.6.js )
Link to the latest version at jQuery.com ( ie. jQuery - latest.js )
Link to some other script hosting site ( ie. Google 's Ajax Lib API ) via script loading
Embed scripts into ASP.NET Resources
Use ScriptManager to load scripts either from Folder or Resources
Use a custom script manager
All of these are options but they all have a few shortcomings as well .
Local Script Files
The most common and easiest to understand approach is to simply embed local script links into the page .
Add scripts into the header with < script src=" scripts/jquery.js " > and off you go .
In many situations this approach is perfectly fine , especially if script files are static and do n't change frequently .
< head runat = " server " > < title > Configuration Settings </ title > < link href = " Standard.css " rel = " stylesheet " type = " text/css " /> < script src = " scripts/jquery.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script > </ head >
The issue with locally stored script files is that they they need to be updated if files changed .
In a single application this is not a big issue .
But if you 're managing a large number of projects , changes to resusable scripts both of your or third party script libraries can easily become a burden and an exercise in version management .
It 'd be great if source control would solve this problem , but because resources are often mixed and matched storing a fixed set of script files under source control also does n't really address this scenario either and would n't work very well anyway if the project is already under Source Control .
In addition , if you start using script code as part of related ASP.
NET controls that might build on top of client script components and that code has some dependencies on specific versions you can run into subtle versioning problems that are difficult to detect and test for .
But even for relatively simple things like the static core jQuery library this can get sticky as new versions are frequently distributed .
Versioning JavaScript files in general is a sticky issue .
If you have local files , how do you version these JS resource ?
For example , many jQuery examples are shown using the version specific file like so :
< script src =" ~/scripts/jquery-1.2.6.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script >
This addresses versioning alright but then gets tedious when a new version gets released and all pages referencing this version needs to be updated .
Again , with a single file this is n't terrible but now think about 10 - 20 resources used in an application that are all versioned this not really a good option .
The other choice is to use a non-versioned file and just update the files - this is easier for updates but in turn can result in subtle feature incompatibilities if newer esions break old builds / dependencies .
I personally lean towards the latter approach of using non-versioned filenames and take my chances hoping that changes are backwards compatible .
In my own libraries even a breaking change is easily caught because I know what was changed intimately , but with third party libraries this can be tricky .
For example , while using the jQuery .ui beta versions there many subtle breaking changes that were difficult to catch once the code was migrated to the release version because 95 % of the code worked great .
Testing JavaScript code consistently - especially UI code - is difficult at best and it's easy to have a subtle bug to not show up until the app is in production for a while .
One Library Path for All Scripts
Another option for ' local ' script files might be to store all scripts in one place - say off the root of the Web site similar to the way ASP .
NET 1.1 used to store resources in a / WebClient folder - and access them through this single script location .
This solves the problem of having to copy versioned files around for each application and having a single store to update third party libraries and modify internal libraries .
If there 's a single store it's also easier to put the files under source control and manage them effectively .
< script src =" / scripts/jquery.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script >
But this approach also has a few problems .
First it 's not a generic solution because it requires that you use the same convention across applications .
Might work fine for your own applications where you set policy , but if you 're working to somebody else specs it may not be possible to dump scripts into a specific consistent location .
It also may not necessarily be Ok to update scripts for every application at once , especially if scripts have breaking changes that might not work with older code not adapted to it .
If you work with script files that are dependent on one another and these files are updated out of band it 's easy to run into version problems .
This is always a concern and not having local copies or linking to a single non-versioned script file is prone to potential version issues .
Having local files in each app allows isolation from this version issue that can crop up with a single shared library folder .
This issue is probably not a major concern
I played around with this approach some time ago , but tossed the idea because of issues
External Hosting
Another centralized approach is to use external hosting for certain script resources .
This is more applicable for public librarires like jQuery , Prototype etc. and some high profile plug-ins available for them .
External hosting also offloads the bandwidth for downloading scripts from your site to whatever public site hosting the scripts .
Additionally , chances are that these script resources may be already cached in user browsers as the public resources are more widely used by users in general browsing which provides additional performance gains .
For example , you can load the latest jQuery version from :
< script src = " http://www.jquery.com/src/jquery-latest.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script >
< script src = " http://jqueryjs.googlecode.com/files/jquery-1.2.6.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script >
or a version specific one from the Google jQuery code repository
Most other major libraries also provide similar direct links to libraries so that you can offload loading from your site .
Google recently also started hosting various JavaScript libraries with the Google 's Ajax Lib API .
This API allows you to load script via JavaScript code in the page and allows you to specify specific version numbers as part of the API call .
This is a clever way to get a better handle on versioning as you can potentially use single script file to in your app to load various script files with ' factory ' function calls that load each library with the appropriate version .
FWIW , it does n't require Google 's API to do this ; you can take a similar approach by yourself by creating a small loader script that can be updated for each application ( see below on how this can be done with jQuery for example ) .
The disadvantage for external hosting is of course that you are dependent on an external provider to be up and running 100 % of the time and to have adequate bandwidth to serve the script files .
The provider can decide any time to remove files or APIs so at that point you may end up with bad links in your code .
This is where an API - whether your own or Google 's can actually buy some advantage because it can be changed in one place .
Another concern is that scripts loaded across sites can also trigger warnings in the browser in some situations like SSL connections ( to non SSL script resources ) or strict browser requirements for cross domain loading of any files .
Dynamic Loading
As mentioned above you can also load script dynamically from other script code .
For example , it might be useful to load one script from another script to provide dependency loading .
In jQuery for example you can do :
/// < reference path=" jquery.js " /> $.getScript ( " scripts/basepage.js " ) ;
to pull in additional script code .
One potential advantage of this approach is that you can build a simple loading api that turns scripts into resources with maybe some constants that determine which scripts to load and from where , consistently across an application .
Rather than linking all scripts in pages you can call a single script file that handles loading all other scripts .
However , when loading script dynamically it 's important to be very careful and ensure that the code in the dependency is not accessed before the script has actually loaded .
This can have tricky side effects .
In one app I was working on just today pages would call into a loaded script function and it would work just fine the first time the page loaded or when a full refresh occurred , but not when the page was just reloaded via click ( ie. most resources are already cached ) .
The difference is that the other scripts are fully cached and so load time is significantly faster and the code executes before the second script page loads .
In this case IE fails to see the function on page startup ( even in $ ( document ) .ready ( ) in jQuery ) while FireFox , Opera and Safari properly delay the loading code .
Most JavaScript libraries allow working around this via events fired when the script loading completes .
In jQuery there 's a handler that can be passed as a second parameter that 's a handler :
$.getScript ( " scripts/wwJquery.js " , function ( ) { showStatus ( " Ready " ) ; } ) ;
which will reliably cause dependent code to run .
But it 's not always feasible to tie code to a specific library having been loaded .
Often you have to wait on multiple libraries .
Oddly I 've seen a host of problems with this approach both with jQuery , the Google API while script loading from the page 's < script > tags seems to work just fine .
Detecting script completion across browsers is tricky especially in IE it appears .
I have this approach on my list of things to play around with someday , but given the mixed results I 've seen with load order failures I 'm incline to pass this option up completely .
ASP.NET Resources
When using ASP.NET it 's also possible to rein in JavaScript resources by building them into ASP .
NET compiled assemblies as Resources .
Using this approach allows the resources to be stored in a single location that is centrally managed .
Web Applications can then access these resources by calling Page.ClientScript.RegisterClientScriptInclude( ) , Page.ClientScript.RegisterClientScriptResource( ) or the methods of the same name on the ASP .
NET ScriptManager control .
When using resources in a separate non-Web project , the project can be added other solutions and so can be shared across multiple projects which can both read the resources and modify any of them and have the changes reflected in any other application that includes the resource ( or more often control ) assembly .
I use ASP.NET resources a lot for a variety of purposes from images to scripts to css files and it's a great way to put everything into one place .
But resources are not without their problems either .
The worst issue by far is that they produce hideously long URLs that are non-transparent in the page and you can't easily tell what each script file points at .
They also take up a fair bit of space ( a typical WebResource . axd url can be 150 chars long ) .
Additionally the API to actually load these script files is a code only API that needs to be handled in Codebehind of the page with no HTML page markup equivalent .
Resources are a must if you 're building controls that have script dependencies in my opinion and that 's how I 've been using them .
I use my own script library that has both client and server components and the server controls need to ensure that scripts are loaded appropriately into the page .
Without resources these controls would have to explicitly require the developer to add scripts to the page which would be a bit hokey .
So the control internally loads the appropriate resources itself and in the right order and so ensures that the component is self contained .
On the flip side using resources this way can be a problem if you also use the same library for other coding .
The smaller problem is that it 's very easy to double load resources when you forget that a component loads the resources internally .
Further it 's possible that the component loads the resources too late or in the wrong order from what the same page code might require if there are dependencies .
In worse cases there may be issues where there are load order problems where the page control order rather than manual ordering end up determining the order in which scripts load .
Again , this can become tricky if you have libraries that depend on each other like say a jQuery and a jQuery plug - in , or my personal library that might depend also on jQuery in certain parts .
Resources also do n't work well with Intellisense , except when using them with the ScriptManager control ( see below ) .
Otherwise the resource URLs are n't transparent so there 's no easy way to embed scripts into other JavaScript resources as /// < script reference= " " />.
The big problem is that ASP.
NET natively does n't have a native script loading API that works both for markup and code based script injection .
Because the ClientScriptManager is a code only component it 's very difficult to coordinate script loading both through markup and CodeBehind or component code and it can get very tricky to coordinate script dependencies loaded from resources if those same scripts also need to be loaded for other code .
ASP.NET Script Manager
Ah , but what about the new ScriptManager control that 's part of Microsoft ASP .
NET AJAX ?
It addresses a number of the issues that I 've mentioned above .
Indeed , ScriptManager provides a mirror interface for most of the ClientScript functions so you get the same functionality as the ClientScript for code manipulation and you get the actual control which can be stuck into a page and provide markup based script injection into the page .
You can embed both physical url based scripts links as well as resource links so it 's possible to consistently embed scripts from both .
The control also detects script duplication and only embeds only a single script reference into the page so it 's easier for Markup and Code injected scripts to not generate multiple script references .
It 's possible to add a script like jQuery into the page and ensure that it does n't get embedded twice for example .
But ScriptManager is also very problematic .
First it 's a .NET 3.5 component so it 's really and add - on and not universally available .
There 's also no easy way to detect whether ScriptManager is available in a page without using the ScriptManager in the first place ( it 's possible but it 's a royal pain ) .
ScriptManager also requires a control on the page - it's not a standalone API which complicates using it in generic solutions especially since only one ScriptManager is allowed per page .
Finally last but not least the control arrogantly throws the Microsoft ASP .
NET AJAX ClientLibraries into the page ( at least 28 k of compressed script for minmal support ) with no option to turn that off .
If you 're not using ASP .
NET AJAX like myself the last thing I want is to get a bunch of scripts I 'm not using thrown into my page .
Custom Script Manager
My first thought when seeing ScriptManager 's issue of AJAX script loading was to subclass the control .
It 's easy to turn off the AJAX script injection , but unfortunately ScriptManager can't be subclassed in such a way that it still provides Intellisense because apparently Visual Studio 's Intellisense for script Intellisense is hard coded to look for ScriptManager 's specific properties .
Script Intellisense is quite useful so ontop of the other shortcomings of SM I decided to just build my own .
The control I ended up with is similar in concept , but with better focus on externally hosted scripts .
< ww : wwScriptContainer ID =" scripts " runat = " server " RenderMode = " Header " > < Scripts > < Script Src = " Scripts / jquery.js " Resource= " jquery " ></ Script > < Script Src = " Scripts/ui.core.js " AllowMinScript = " true " ></ Script > < Script Src = " Scripts/ui.draggable.js " ></ Script > < Script Src = " Scripts/wwscriptlibrary.js "
Resource= " wwscriptlibrary " ></ Script > < Script Resource = " ControlResources.Menu.js " ResourceControl = " txtInput " /> </ Scripts > </ ww : wwScriptContainer >
The control can either be embedded into the page or there 's a .
Current property that can be used from code that either finds an existing instance or creates a new control and adds it to the page dynamically which is useful for controls that want to embed resources .
This gives a single API both for markup and code based embedding .
While working on this there were are a few other things that came up as useful : Optional automatic usage of minimized scripts ( . min.js ) extensions , abillity to embed all scripts into the page header ( or inline , or as scripts ) rather than adding into the page , the ability to order scripts by inserting at the end or beginning , as well as determining on a per script basis where it renders ( Header , Script , Inline or InheritedFromControl ) all of which gives some additional control both for markup and code behind .
You can also embed resources but use reference a script on disk ( for example in a central Web location ) in order to still get Intellisense .
The latter is n't as nice as ScriptManager 's ability to just work off resource Urls , but at least it allows for some Intellisense of resource based scripts .
The format of the control is a bit ugly - I had to use the < scripts > and < script > tags in order to get Intellisense in pages to work because this is the only way I could figure out how to get Intellisense to work .
Using custom prefixes ( required for new controls ) immediately breaks VS JavaScript Intellisense .
The result is that I had to use HtmlControls for the script which means there 's no Intellisense .
Bummer , but the syntax is easy enough to look up .
This is a relatively new control for me and so far I 've only used it with one project , but so far this looks promising .
But of course this too is a non-standard way of working - it requires using this control instead of script embedding into headers , but at least the syntax of this control is pretty much based on standard Script tags .
In fact , for basic scripts the syntax is identical ( ie. like the draggable .js ) above .
If this sounds interesting to you let me know in comments and I can post more info on this control .
But this control is also not a generic solution .
It works well for my internal purposes as well as for a few customers I 'm working with but it's not totally satisfying either because of the inconsistencies in Visual Studio .
And forcing developers to use a custom control is not my idea of a good design either , but for me at least this control addresses a few key scenarios like script compression and programmatic control over scripts and resources .
No Clear Winning Solution
So as you can see I have no clear answers that satisfy even my own requirements entirely .
For the most part I 'm still embedding scripts straight into the HTML header and hope for the best .
The biggest issues I 've run into have been conflicts between some of my controls that rely on script resources and scripts loaded through the header with duplicate loads .
Most of this is mitigated by my controls which can disable script loading and defer to manually loaded scripts when needed ( ie . all script resources are properties and can be loaded either from resources , a url or not all injected by the control ) .
Tracking these things down though can be time consuming .
I 'm not there yet but I think using hte above control is likely to fix that problem , but for generic controls requiring this control container to be used is probably a hard sell .
Even the wwScriptContainer control does n't address the versioning and update scenarios although it does help with managing resource and file based script injection both for markup and controls ( at least for my own controls ) .
So I 'm still searching for sanity and some input on what works for others who are heavily using scripts .
So , dear reader , what are your thoughts on this issue ?
Are you also fighting with script management hell ?
Do you use scripts from raw files , or do you use resources ?
What about for controls that use these scripts ?
And how do you manage these scripts if they get used across solutions ?
There are lots of options available but which ones make the most sense to you and why ?
I 'd love to hear your thoughts .
Biotechnology is improving rapidly : taking sets of individual cells and looking in the state of DNA inside the mitochondria of those cells is a reasonable exercise for a modest research group nowadays .
As expected , neurons in old brains have a bunch of deletions :
Mitochondrial dysfunction is a consistent finding in neurodegenerative disorders like Alzheimer 's ( AD ) or Parkinson 's disease ( PD ) but also in normal human brain aging .
In addition to respiratory chain defects , damage to mitochondrial DNA ( mtDNA ) has been repeatedly reported in brains from AD and PD patients .
Most studies though failed to detect biologically significant point mutation or deletion levels in brain homogenate .
By employing quantitative single cell techniques , we were recently able to show significantly high levels of mtDNA deletions in dopaminergic substantia nigra ( SN ) neurons from PD patients and age - matched controls .
In the present study we used the same approach to quantify the levels of mtDNA deletions in single cells from three different brain regions ( putamen , frontal cortex , SN ) of patients with AD ( n = 9 ) as compared to age - matched controls ( n = 8 ) .
There were no significant differences between patients and controls in either region but in both groups the deletion load was markedly higher in dopaminergic SN neurons than in putamen or frontal cortex ( p < 0.01 ; ANOVA ) .
This data shows that there is a specific susceptibility of dopaminergic SN neurons to accumulate substantial amounts of mtDNA deletions , regardless of the underlying clinical phenotype .
Deletions are much more important than point mutations when it comes to degrading function in mitochondria , and thereby causing a follow - on chain of issues in a cell and surrounding tissue .
You might recall recent work showing mice loaded up with point mutations and perfectly fine for it , for example .
Deletions , however , have a much greater chance of knocking out one of the few genes necessary for the effective function of mitochondria .
You can look back in the archives to see what happens when mitochondrial DNA is damaged , and the important contribution this makes to degenerative aging .
We should all be supporting and encouraging work on the slate of potential technologies to repair , replace , augment , and move mitochondrial DNA :
Other potential methods exist in a more speculative state , such as using engineered bacteria to consume damaged mitochondria , or xenotransplantion of new mitochondria from other species .
The breadth of potential approaches is growing , which is a good sign , but the field is n't moving fast enough for my liking at this time .
More funding and attention is needed .
Migliori programmi gratuiti su Windows per recuperare file che sono stati cancellati ed eliminati dall ' hard disk e dal cestino
Tempi di recupero
Recupero file sull 'SSD
Programmi di recupero file gratuiti
Windows File Recovery è lo strumento Microsoft ufficiale per Windows 10 , semplice da usare per recuperare i file persi , anche se senza interfaccia grafica .
è lo strumento Microsoft ufficiale per Windows 10 , semplice da usare per recuperare i file persi , anche se senza interfaccia grafica .
Recuva ha interfaccia molto user - friendly ed è buono per recuperi veloci ma occasionali .
Recuva è il programma più facile da utilizzare per gli utenti alle prime armi , è tra i più veloci ed è sempre , quindi , il primo da provare per recuperare file eliminati sul PC .
ha interfaccia molto user - friendly ed è buono per recuperi veloci ma occasionali .
Recuva è il programma più facile da utilizzare per gli utenti alle prime armi , è tra i più veloci ed è sempre , quindi , il primo da provare per recuperare file eliminati sul PC .
DMDE è un programma di recupero efficace , semplice e veloce nella scansione del disco , con molte opzioni per personalizzare la scansione .
è un programma di recupero efficace , semplice e veloce nella scansione del disco , con molte opzioni per personalizzare la scansione .
PhotoRec e TestDisk : questo è uno dei programmi più potenti in circolazione , visto che è in grado di recuperare file anche da dischi danneggiati o non più accessibili .
Una volta scaricato e avviato il suo eseguibile qphotorec_win.exe ( presente all ' interno della cartella scompattata dal file ZIP ) , si aprirà una semplice interfaccia dove selezionare il disco su cui operare il recupero e inserire la cartella dove salvare i file recuperati , per concludere con la pressione del tasto Search .
Il programma partirà ed effettuerà il recupero di tutti i file cancellati ma ancora presenti sul disco , operazione che può essere anche molto lunga ( anche 4 ore e più , quindi conviene farla di notte ) .
Al termine vedremo i file recuperati nella cartella indicata , pronti per essere conservati sul PC o spostati in backup su un'unità esterna .
Il programma è ottimizzato per recuperare le foto , ma può procedere al recupero di qualsiasi tipo di file comune ( tra cui documenti , video , PDF etc . ) .
: questo è uno dei programmi più potenti in circolazione , visto che è in grado di recuperare file anche da dischi danneggiati o non più accessibili .
Una volta scaricato e avviato il suo eseguibile ( presente all ' interno della cartella scompattata dal file ZIP ) , si aprirà una semplice interfaccia dove selezionare il disco su cui operare il recupero e inserire la cartella dove salvare i file recuperati , per concludere con la pressione del tasto Search .
Il programma partirà ed effettuerà il recupero di tutti i file cancellati ma ancora presenti sul disco , operazione che può essere anche molto lunga ( anche 4 ore e più , quindi conviene farla di notte ) .
Al termine vedremo i file recuperati nella cartella indicata , pronti per essere conservati sul PC o spostati in backup su un'unità esterna .
Il programma è ottimizzato per recuperare le foto , ma può procedere al recupero di qualsiasi tipo di file comune ( tra cui documenti , video , PDF etc. ) .
EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard Free per PC Windows e Mac permette di fare la scansione profonda del computer alla ricerca di tracce di file cancellati .
Questo programma è compatibile con tutti i filesystem e la versione gratuita è limitata al recupero di 2 GB di file .
per PC Windows e Mac permette di fare la scansione profonda del computer alla ricerca di tracce di file cancellati .
Questo programma è compatibile con tutti i filesystem e la versione gratuita è limitata al recupero di 2 GB di file .
Wise Data Recovery è un programma che si può usare anche in versione portatile , senza installazione , in grado di recuperare praticamente qualsiasi tipo di file : musica , video , archivi compressi , eseguibili , ecc .
Una volta che un disco viene sottoposto a scansione , i file recuperabili vengono evidenziati col colore verde .
Wise Data Recovery è disponibile sia come installer e portatile che lo rende una buona aggiunta al toolkit USB .
L'interfaccia è pulita e semplice da usare , con due soli pulsanti necessari .
La scansione è molto veloce e si possono vedere i file ritrovati in una finestra simile all 'esplora risorse di Windows .
è un programma che si può usare anche in versione portatile , senza installazione , in grado di recuperare praticamente qualsiasi tipo di file : musica , video , archivi compressi , eseguibili , ecc .
Una volta che un disco viene sottoposto a scansione , i file recuperabili vengono evidenziati col colore verde .
Wise Data Recovery è disponibile sia come installer e portatile che lo rende una buona aggiunta al toolkit USB .
L'interfaccia è pulita e semplice da usare , con due soli pulsanti necessari .
La scansione è molto veloce e si possono vedere i file ritrovati in una finestra simile all 'esplora risorse di Windows .
Undelete 360 consente di ripristinare i tuoi file con l'aiuto di un algoritmo veloce ed efficiente .
Oltre a recuperare file dall ' hard disk del computer , può funzionare anche su dispositivi esterni come smartphone e fotocamere digitali .
consente di ripristinare i tuoi file con l'aiuto di un algoritmo veloce ed efficiente .
Oltre a recuperare file dall ' hard disk del computer , può funzionare anche su dispositivi esterni come smartphone e fotocamere digitali .
Puran File Recovery è un programma gratuito di recupero file portatile , senza installazione , semplice e immediato .
è un programma gratuito di recupero file portatile , senza installazione , semplice e immediato .
DiskDigger è semplice da usare e serve a recuperare soprattutto immagini , foto , documenti , video e musica dal pc , molto simile a Recuva , anche nelle prestazioni .
è semplice da usare e serve a recuperare soprattutto immagini , foto , documenti , video e musica dal pc , molto simile a Recuva , anche nelle prestazioni .
NTFS Undelete è un ottimo software con interfaccia grafica che riesce a recuperare i file che sono stati cancellati per sbaglio .
Con questo tool opensource si può anche recuperare un intero hard disk e ritrovare tutti i file e dati , anche dopo che è stato formattato .
è un ottimo software con interfaccia grafica che riesce a recuperare i file che sono stati cancellati per sbaglio .
Con questo tool opensource si può anche recuperare un intero hard disk e ritrovare tutti i file e dati , anche dopo che è stato formattato .
Disk Drill permette di leggere i file che sono stati cancellati per errore per salvarli e recuperarli .
Il programma è portatile per Windows 10 , funziona con tutti i tipi di memorie , sia hard disk che schede SD e penne USB ed è molto semplice da usare con procedura guidata .
permette di leggere i file che sono stati cancellati per errore per salvarli e recuperarli .
Il programma è portatile per Windows 10 , funziona con tutti i tipi di memorie , sia hard disk che schede SD e penne USB ed è molto semplice da usare con procedura guidata .
Paragon Rescue
Kit è un programma diverso per recuperare file da un hard disk formattato o da un pc che non si avvia .
è un programma diverso per o da un pc che non si avvia .
Stella Phoenix è un programma a pagamento molto potente e veloce che può essere usato gratis per recuperare massimo 1 GB di file cancellati dal PC .
Programmi di recupero file professionali ( a pagamento )
DIY Data Recovery
Software serve a recuperare dati dal disco rigido , non solo da una cancellazione erronea , ma in molti casi anche da una successiva formattazione .
E ' un programma molto complesso , prima di utilizzarlo bisogna necessariamente studiare la guida e prendersi tutto il tempo che serve sia nella preparazione del programma , sia durante le operazioni di recupero .
Il costo del software è molto elevato .
serve a dal disco rigido , non solo da una cancellazione erronea , ma in molti casi .
E ' un programma molto complesso , prima di utilizzarlo bisogna necessariamente studiare la guida e prendersi tutto il tempo che serve sia nella preparazione del programma , sia durante le operazioni di recupero .
Il costo del software è molto elevato .
GetDataBack è un po ' meno potente di Easy Recovery ma molto più semplice e veloce da utilizzare e con le stesse funzioni ; costa anche un po ' di meno .
è un po ' meno potente di Easy Recovery ma molto più semplice e veloce da utilizzare e con le stesse funzioni ; costa anche un po ' di meno .
EaseUS Data Recovery Wizard Professional : esattamente come la versione gratuita , ma permette di recuperare anche i file più grandi , ad una velocità maggiore , con vari scenari da sfruttare in base al tipo di disco e un disco d'emergenza per poter recuperare i file anche dai PC appena formattati ( senza Windows ) .
Uno strumento potente ed efficace per recuperare file eliminati dal computer .
: esattamente come la versione gratuita , ma permette di recuperare anche i file più grandi , ad una velocità maggiore , con vari scenari da sfruttare in base al tipo di disco e un disco d'emergenza per poter recuperare i file anche dai PC appena formattati ( senza Windows ) .
Uno strumento potente ed efficace per recuperare file eliminati dal computer .
Data Recovery Pro : altro software molto efficace per recuperare qualsiasi tipo di file , anche grazie al monitoraggio continuo del sistema ( riesce a memorizzare tutti i percorsi dei file cancellati così da recuperarli in un secondo ) e alla possibilità di visualizzare anche un'anteprima dei file recuperati ( cosa molto utile se si è perso il nome originale e non sappiamo dove cercare ) .
Tra i migliori in assoluto nel panorama dei software di recupero dati a pagamento .
Quante volte ci sarà capitato di svuotare il cestino di Windows , salvo poi ricordarsi di aver buttato per errore un file o una foto importantissima .
Fino a qualche anno fa una cosa del genera poteva buttare nel panico chiunque , al punto dal dover chiedere sempre l'aiuto di un professionista del settore ( che poteva contare su programmi costosi e difficili da utilizzare ) .
Oggi invece è decisamente più semplice recuperare i file eliminati dal PC per errore e non dobbiamo nemmeno portare il computer dal tecnico : possiamo fare tutto noi , con i programmi giusti !
In questo articolo vi mostreremo quindi iNella maggior parte dei casi dovremo solo installare il programma e fare due clic del mouse per avviare la scansione del disco , in altri casi dovremo selezionare l'unità su cui effettuare la scansione e il tipo di file da recuperare ( per velocizzare il processo di recupero ) .
LEGGI ANCHE :
Affinché il file cancellato per sbaglio possa essere recuperato , dovremo procedere il prima possibile : infatti anche se un file viene cancellato dal cestino di Windows , le sue " tracce " rimangono custodite nel settore del disco fino a quando esso non verrà impegnato da un altro file .
Se iniziamo quindi la procedura di recupero pochi secondi dopo esserci accorti di aver cancellato il file , esso sarà recuperabile nella stragrande maggioranza dei casi ; se invece il file cancellato è vecchio oppure sono passaggi dei giorni , potrebbe essere difficile recuperarlo se il suo settore è stato impegnato da un altro file .
Con i dischi meccanici quindiper riuscire nell ' impresa : prima utilizziamo uno dei programmi proposti in basso , più possibilità avremo di recuperare tutti i file cancellati .
Sui moderni SSD il discorso della velocità è ancora più importante rispetto ai dischi meccanici : la velocità d'esecuzione è tutto per poter recuperare un file cancellato per sbaglio , visto che su questi dispositivi di memorizzazione , ossia la procedura che svuota le celle non più assegnate e le rende pronte per ospitare nuovi file .
come su qualsiasi disco meccanico ; se invece il file è stato cancellato per errore e il TRIM è stato già eseguito , il recupero potrebbe essere impossibile .
Ecco perché è sempre consigliabile effettuare un backup delle cartelle più importanti del computer , così da avere sempre una copia sana del file cancellato per errore senza doversi affidare alla buona sorte .
Se il backup non è attivo e dobbiamo recuperare urgentemente un file cancellato per sbaglio , consigliamo di utilizzare i prima possibile uno dei seguenti programmi gratuiti .
Sono tutti più o meno efficaci , ma per ottenere i migliori risultati possiamo provarne anche 2 o 3 , uno alla volta , così da ampliare le possibilità di recupero .
Questi programmi sopra elencati , pur essendo validi vanno utilizzati possono non con molta cautela onde evitare di danneggiare il proprio computer e perdere l'intero hard disk e , , come dover recuperare dati importanti da hard disk danneggiati,e quindi a pagamento .
Per ottenere il massimo dell ' efficacia dovremo affidarci ai programmi a pagamento per recuperare file cancellati , come quelli elencati qui sotto :
Per approfondire il discorso sui file cancellati possiamo leggere la guida a comee la guida perSu un altro articolo invece vi mostreremo comenemmeno con i programmi citati sopra , così da garantirci la massima privacy al momento della vendita di un portatile o di un disco fisso .
LEGGI ANCHE ->
CAUTION : NBOMes sold as LSD / Acid
Since 2013 , some blotter and liquid " acid " being sold in the Americas and Europe contains NBOMe compounds instead of LSD .
The NBOMe chemicals can cause strong effects even on a single standard hit of blotter ( 1/4 " ( 6 mm ) square ) .
Unlike LSD , NBOMes can cause death .
NBOMe compounds are usually bitter while LSD - containing liquid or blotter has only a mild metallic flavor or no flavor at all .
A man displays his bloodied finger after dipping his hand in the piranha - infested waters of the Parapeti River .
H. John Maier Jr./ Time Life Pictures / Getty Images
Roosevelt explored the exotic Brazilian Amazon as an avid hunter , but he was n't exactly the common tourist .
He was a former U.S. president , and his guides wanted him to be very pleased with his trip .
But what he saw was real : piranhas stripping a cow to the bone in a shockingly short period of time .
Whether it was really under a minute , we 'll never know .
But we do know that this type of attack is feasible for piranhas .
What Roosevelt witnessed had some special circumstances , which we 'll get to later .
Nonetheless , it was a disturbing sight , considering the size of these fish .
" " A piranha bears its fearsome teeth .
Paul A. Zahl / National Geographic / Getty Images
We 're not talking monsters here .
While piranhas top out at about 2 feet ( 60 cm ) , most are about 8 inches ( 20 cm ) from head to tail and weigh just a few pounds .
The most vicious of the roughly 20 species found in the Amazon River , the red - bellied piranha ( Pigocentrus naterreri ) , is on the small end of the spectrum and usually weighs about 3 pounds ( 1.36 kg ) [ source : ESPN ] .
The next most aggressive species is the black piranha ( Serrasalmus rhombeus ) , which tends to be bigger than the red-bellies .
Advertisement
Advertisement
In the case of piranhas , it 's not the size that counts .
It 's the teeth .
A piranha's teeth are only about a quarter - inch ( 4 mm ) long , but they 're like razors , and the whole jaw mechanism is designed for chomping efficiency .
The teeth are spaced in an interlocking pattern , so when a piranha jaw snaps shut , the top teeth and the bottom teeth interlace like dozens of razor - sharp scissors .
The jaws are incredible strong :
Some people who have lost toes to piranhas have actually lost the entire toe , bone included .
The reason why piranhas can strip a large animal like a cow down to a skeleton so quickly is because of a few factors .
First , piranhas do n't chew .
When they bite down , the big chunk of flesh they take out of the cow goes right into their bellies .
They just keep snapping their jaws shut and filling themselves up .
Next , that type of task is accomplished by hundreds of piranhas , not just the typical school size of 20 , and piranhas are very efficient team eaters .
In a feeding frenzy , they rotate continuously , so as each piranha takes a bite , it moves out of the way so the piranha behind it can get a bite , and so on .
They take turns with incredible speed , which is where the boiling - water effect comes from .
The piranhas are constantly changing position during a feeding frenzy .
Another important factor involved when piranhas eat a large animal in minutes has to do with the special circumstances surrounding what Roosevelt saw : Feeding frenzies happen when piranhas are starving .
It 's not an everyday occurrence .
Roosevelt 's guides in Brazil had set up the scene for their famous guest .
They had set nets to close off a small part of the river and had tossed hundreds of piranhas into it , trapping them .
By the time they threw that cow into the water , the piranhas had been starving for some time .
So if eating an entire cow in under a minute is n't the norm , how and what do piranhas usually eat ?
­
© Matt Davies
Just in case you do n’t get this , it is a parody of a very famous New Yorker magazine cover from 1976 .
Keep laptops close at airports , because they have a startling tendency to disappear in the blink of an eye , according to a new survey .
Some of the largest and medium - sized U.S. airports report close to 637,000 laptops lost each year , according to the Ponemon Institute survey released Monday .
Laptops are most commonly lost at security checkpoints , according to the survey .
Close to 10,278 laptops are reported lost every week at 36 of the largest U.S. airports , and 65 percent of those laptops are not reclaimed , the survey said .
Around 2,000 laptops are recorded lost at the medium - sized airports , and 69 percent are not reclaimed .
Travelers seem to lack confidence that they will recover lost laptops .
About 77 percent of people surveyed said they had no hope of recovering a lost laptop at the airport , with 16 percent saying they would n't do anything if they lost their laptop during business travel .
About 53 percent said that laptops contain confidential company information , with 65 percent taking no steps to protect the information .
Airports , along with hotels and parked cars .
are places where laptops can be easily stolen , said the U.S. Federal Trade Commission on its Web site .
The confusion of going through security checkpoints can make it easy for travelers to lose track of their laptops , making it " fertile ground for theft , " the FTC said .
The FTC recommends people treat laptops " like cash . "
Like a wad of money , a laptop in public view -- like the backseat of the car or at the airport -- could attract unwanted attention .
The FTC also recommends using tracking devices like Absolute Software 's LoJack , which can help track down a stolen laptop by reporting its location once it is connected to the Internet .
Lenovo last week announced it would offer the LoJack option in its upcoming ThinkPad SL series laptops .
Attaching bells and whistles that sound off after detecting laptop motion could also minimize the chances of laptop theft , the FTC says .
Laptop theft is fairly prevalent in the U.S. , said Mike Spinney , a spokesman for Ponemon Institute .
In a study conducted by the institute , 76 percent of companies surveyed reported losing one or more laptops each year , of which 22 percent were due to theft or other criminal mischief .
Many people are ashamed of reporting lost laptops as they leave them where they should n't be , Spinney said .
The Ponemon survey was commissioned by Dell , which on Monday announced new security services to commercial customers that include tracking and recovery of lost laptops and prevention of data theft .
Dell 's laptop tracking service uses technology including GPS ( Global Positioning System ) to locate and recover lost laptops .
The data protection services include the ability to remotely delete data on a hard drive and services to recover data from failed hard drives .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Parts of North Korea are experiencing their worst levels of hunger in nearly a decade , the U.N. World Food Program said on Wednesday as it called on donors to provide urgent assistance over the next few months .
A caretaker holds a malnourished infant at an orphanage in Chongjin city , North Korea , June 20 , 2008 in this photo released by World Food Programme .
REUTERS / Anette Kirkeboe / WFP / Handout
Jean - Pierre de Margerie , the World Food Program ’s ( WFP ) country director for North Korea , said a food security assessment conducted last month showed that parts of the country could fall into a humanitarian emergency ahead of the autumn harvest .
Millions of people are facing the worst hunger seen since the late 1990s , when famine killed an estimated 1 million people , de Margerie said .
The crisis is especially severe in the northeast .
“ What is critical for us right now is to be able to address the immediate needs , the needs of average Koreans between now and the end of the lean season , ” de Margerie told reporters in Beijing .
“ This is the period when people are hurting . ”
Flooding last year , higher oil and commodity prices and a decline in shipments of aid from countries including South Korea are all adding to the shortfalls , de Margerie said .
He called on international donors to contribute to the $ 20 million needed to enable the WFP to expand its food distribution to reach 6.4 million of the country ’s roughly 23 million people ahead of the autumn harvest , up from the current 1.2 million .
The U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) said in late March it expects North Korea to have a shortfall of about 1.66 million tonnes in cereals for the year ending in October 2008 , the largest deficit in about seven years .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
De Margerie said the recent assessment , conducted by the WFP and the FAO , found that more than half of North Korean households had cut the number of meals they eat each day from three to two and close to three - fourths had reduced their food intake .
The price of rice has risen nearly three times over the last year while that of maize has tripled or even quadrupled , he said , adding that the standard government ration in cities had been cut drastically .
Many people are resorting to scavenging for wild fruits and vegetables , including seaweed , grass and roots , contributing to an apparent rise in malnutrition , de Margerie said .
“ They ’re simply running out of options , ” he said .
The WFP recently reached an agreement with the North to allow it to expand its operations .
De Margerie estimated that it will need $ 500 million to carry out its expanded program from September until the end of 2009 .
“ Basically , we ’re moving back to the emergency mode of intervention , ” he said .
He acknowledged a pledge by the United States to provide 500,000 tonnes of food to North Korea , 400,000 tonnes of which will be via the WFP and the rest of which will be distributed by U.S. non-governmental organizations .
The first shipment was received late last month , and a second was expected to arrive in the coming weeks , de Margerie said .
He added that there were currently no signs that China had closed its border with North Korea to trade , about which there has been some speculation as the country clamps down on its borders ahead of the Beijing Olympics , which start on August 8 .
Some of the WFP ’s own aid is shipped across the border between China and the North .
“ It has not been closed up to now , which is of some relief to us , ” he said .
( Natural News ) Juvenile chimpanzees beat adult humans in two different short - term memory tests , according to a study conducted by researchers at Kyoto University in Japan and published in the journal
The research was carried out on three five - year - old chimpanzees that had been taught the order of the Arabic numerals 1 through 9 , and 12 human adult volunteers .
In the first test , researchers displayed the numerals in nine squares on a computer screen , and the task was to touch the squares in the proper order .
But when the first square was touched , the other squares went blank , and the participant had to remember the original order .
All three chimpanzees performed faster than the human volunteers , although they did not score any higher in accuracy .
Even after six months of training , three of the human volunteers were still unable to match the speed of the juvenile chimps .
In the second test , researchers included only the chimpanzee , named Ayumu , that had been the most accurate in the first test , and nine human college students .
This time , five numbers were flashed on a screen briefly before disappearing , and then the participants had to touch the squares in the right order .
When the numbers were displayed for approximately seven - tenths of a second , both Ayumu and the college students scored about 80 percent accuracy in this test .
When the numbers were displayed for four - tenths or two - tenths of a second , however the humans ' accuracy dropped to 40 percent and Ayumu 's remained steady at 80 percent .
When the numbers were displayed for only two - tenths of a second , it was impossible for a human or chimpanzee to look at each box on the screen individually .
The researchers believe that the young chimp was simply better at absorbing the whole pattern than the humans
The researchers hypothesize the young chimps did better merely because juveniles have a better memory for images , because an adult chimpanzee did worse than the humans in the same test .
Next , they would like to test the young chimps against human children .
Littledid Bucknell University geology professors Craig Kochel and Jeffrey Trop know , as they were working in Alaska , that they would soon predict one of the mostimportant planetary observations ever made .
Thepair was in Alaska for an eight - day trip in July 2006 , studying geologicalfeatures and the processes that create them .
As they studied photographs takenof the surrounding area , some features caught Kochel 's eye .
He thought theywere strangely familiar , and then realized they reminded him of images he 'dseen when working on the Vikingmissions to Mars in the 1970s .
Kocheland
Trop trekked to where the shots were taken overlooking a glacier .
Spottingtriangle - shaped landforms called " fans " sealed the deal :
They lookedstrikingly similar to photographs taken of features on Mars .
Mystery solved
Althoughgeologists can usually tell what shapes the landscape around us , it was amystery what formed the Mars - like features found in Alaska .
Theconditions on Mars are quite different than anything experienced on Earth .
Forexample , Mars is much colder than even the Arctic — theaverage martian temperature is - 81 degrees F ( - 63 degrees C ) — and theplanet 's atmospheric pressure is lower than Earth's .
Still , for the samefeatures to be present on Earth and Mars , the two professors suspected similarprocesses would have made them .
Theyhad just over a week in Alaska to discover what created the glaciers and fans .
Duringthis time they managed to see an impressive 289 events , including rock fallsand floods .
The vast majority of these events were snow and ice avalanches .
Thefrequency of these avalanches astounded the scientists , who reasoned thatclimate change was the most likely culprit .
As temperatures rise , the glacierspull back , creating large areas where ice has been separated .
Material can falldown these cracks and lead to avalanches .
This was creating the features seenin Alaska , and perhaps the same thing had happened on Mars .
An astounding prediction
Realizing the importance of this discovery , Kochel and Trop presented their findings to aNASA lunar and planetary science meeting .
Their comparisons were based on olderphotographs of Mars , but the HiRISEcamera aboard NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter was sending back newpictures which further confirmed the idea of avalanches on Mars .
Kocheland
Trop explained that with a bit of luck and good timing , it would bepossible to snap photographs of martian avalanches .
Amazingly , soon afterwards the orbiter sent back images of an ice flow avalanche in actionon Mars .
Pieces of ice , dust and possibly rocks crashed down from high , steepareas , sending clouds of fine material billowing upwards .
The cloud itself wasabout 590 feet ( 180 meters ) across .
The exact cause of the avalanche is n'tknown with certainty , but it could be because the sun warmed layers of ice .
Thiswas the first time an avalanche had been observed on another world , and was theperfect confirmation of Kochel and Trop 's ideas .
Valuable research
Studieslike this help us understand the changes that take place during periods ofclimate variation .
They also show that although planets like the Earth and Marsare very different places , in many ways they can be astoundingly similar .
Thedetails of this paper will also be of interest to astrobiologists .
Searchingfor wateron other worlds is thought to be a key step toward finding life , andunderstanding how the water cycle takes place on Mars will help scientists makemore accurate predictions .
Couple water with a dynamic world experiencing changesto its landscape , and Mars looks all the more promising for life .
Kocheland Trop 's research paper was published in the July issue of the journal Icarus .
A while ago , I wrote a post about a Japanese Pizza Hut pizza titled : “ Pizza Hut ’s double roll pie is the ultimate geek food “ .
I did n’t realize then how wrong I was on the subject .
Last night when I got home , my wife said , “ Honey , I feel like eating a Joe Bob poutine . ”
( I ’ll get back to the Joe Bob thing later . )
Excited , I took my keys , jumped into the truck , and headed over to our local fast - food joint .
While driving , I realized that the “ poutine ” was in fact the ultimate geek food for us here in “ La belle province “ , and not that disgusting Japanese excuse for pizza .
I really do n’t see why it should n’t be that way for the rest of the world !
This is probably the only post I ’ll ever write about my local “ fine - cuisine , ” so enjoy it while it lasts .
How to make a poutine and its many variations :
The poutine ( poo- teen ) is a very versatile dish that can be served as a side dish to hot dogs and hamburgers , or can be eaten as a main dish .
It is also a very popular choice to set your stomach right after a night of heavy drinking .
What you need :
1- French fries .
You can make your own or buy them in the frozen section of your grocery store .
I usually go for the frozen stuff .
It ’s a lot less messy , and they only take a few minutes to prepare .
2- The sauce .
Here ’s a basic recipe for poutine sauce :
1 quart stock of chicken or veal
2 ounces of flour
2 ounces of butter or oil
Salt and pepper to taste
First , bring the stock to a boil in a saucepan .
Then , combine the butter and the flour and cook over high heat , stirring the mixture until everything simmers ( two to three minutes ) .
Then , bring the heat down and let simmer for around 35 minutes .
Do n’t forget to stir the sauce frequently .
When you ’re done , strain the sauce through a strainer lined with cheesecloth , and add salt and pepper to taste .
If you want your sauce to be thicker , lower the heat to medium and let it reduce further .
And if you are like me , just take some pre-prepared ( powder form ) brown or BBQ sauce ( like the stuff they use on chicken ) .
Much easier that way !
3- A bag of fresh cheese curds .
You want those to be really fresh !
How can you tell ?
When you eat a piece , they have to squeak loudly in your mouth .
If you ca n’t find that kind of cheese , you can use grated cheddar or mozzarella , but it ’s not as good .
When you have all the ingredients handy , follow these instructions :
Dump a bit of cheese curds on the bottom of a bowl Cover them with lots of fries
Cover the fries with a good fistful of curds Pour sauce on top of everything Enjoy
Sounds disgusting ?
Maybe , but it ’s absolutely delicious .
Here are a few extras you can add to your poutine :
Fried onions
Chopped hot dog sausages
Chicken
Peas ( I ca n’t stand them )
Replace the traditional sauce with a Bolognese or Marinara one .
We call this an Italian poutine .
Get the idea ?
Use you imagination .
I ’m sure you ’ll come up with some fantastic variations .
Oh and about that Joe Bob thing : it ’s the name of a poutine served in my home town .
It ’s a regular poutine , but the chef adds some fried onions and chopped hot dog sausages to the mess .
It ’s extremely good ( just not for your behind ! ) .
When it comes to collecting traffic ticket revenue from red light cameras , Culver City has been king in Los Angeles County .
The city generated nearly $ 2 million in photo ticket fines in the last eight months -- hundreds of thousands more than Los Angeles , which had cameras at twice as many intersections , according to new government estimates obtained by the Los Angeles Times .
And although Culver City makes money , Los Angeles ’ photo enforcement program is running in the red and may never recover about $ 2 million in construction costs and past deficits , records and interviews show .
In addition , Los Angeles officials recently reported that they overpaid their red light camera contractor by more than $ 500,000 .
Critics say that red light cameras -- hailed for reducing deadly collisions at the intersections they monitor -- have essentially become ATMs for local governments , issuing citations around the clock that can cost up to $ 400 .
But a Times review of more than two dozen systems in Los Angeles County found sharply mixed financial results .
Some officials also acknowledge that because camera ticket revenue flows through a labyrinth of court and county agencies , it is hard to precisely gauge how much cash their systems generate .
Some cities , including Walnut , Santa Clarita and Montebello , have netted tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars above camera operating costs , officials say .
Culver City could clear even more this year , based on budget documents and recent revenue estimates .
Yet Paramount shut down its camera program in 2006 after running a projected $ 178,000 deficit in two years .
“ It just really was n’t what we thought it would be , ” said Assistant City Manager John Moreno .
Compton also canceled its program because of concerns over costs .
The reasons for the financial differences can include varying traffic volumes , citation and collection rates , as well as drivers adjusting their behavior , officials say .
Pasadena ’s 6 - year - old camera program has produced safety benefits , including reductions in red light running , but it is struggling to cover contractor costs , said Norman Baculinao , the city ’s senior traffic engineer .
“ You have less violations , you have less revenue , ” he said .
“ We ’re at that point now : Our violations are barely making the monthly fees . ”
Protecting motorists and pedestrians -- not filling public coffers -- is the point of red light cameras , backers argue .
In addition , cameras help reduce serious accidents , which saves money and frees up officers for other duties , police say .
Most of the cash generated by red light cameras goes to state and county agencies , along with private contractors who install and maintain the systems , and process violation data for police to review .
Cities receive less than half the ticket fines and from that typically pay the vendors $ 4,000 to $ 6,000 per month per intersection approach monitored .
Culver City ’s program will cost about $ 1.5 million this fiscal year in fees and personnel , according to the city budget .
But for the last eight months alone revenue has exceeded that cost by about $ 400,000 .
Additional legal costs are not included in those calculations , said police Lt. Manuel Ariza .
Still , he acknowledged : “ The city does n’t break even or lose .
. . .
It makes money at end of the year . ”
Tickets and revenue are boosted partly because of the city ’s location , near the heart of the Westside ’s busy 405 Freeway , he said .
In Los Angeles , contractor Nestor Traffic Systems is paid about $ 2.5 million a year -- about 80 % of the red light program ’s annual costs , records and interviews show .
The remaining expense is for Los Angeles Police Department officers who approve photo tickets and appear at traffic court trials .
Based partly on revenue projections supplied by Nestor , city analysts had predicted that the program would break even this summer , if only in terms of ongoing costs .
But new estimates prepared by Los Angeles County Superior Court , which processes traffic tickets , indicates that Los Angeles ’ red light camera income is falling short of expectations , possibly by tens of thousands of dollars a month , according to the city budget office .
“ Based on the court figures , we ’re not covering costs , ” said a city financial analyst familiar with the program .
He said superiors authorized him to speak with The Times but not to be quoted by name .
One problem has been that citation rates have been lower than expected .
Payments to Nestor are supposed to be reduced if citations do not meet an agreed - upon threshold .
A recent Police Commission review found that citation rates fell below that level in 2006 and 2007 , and that the city overpaid the firm more than $ 500,000 .
The city has recouped the funds by withholding payments , but the company disputes the action and hopes to negotiate a settlement , said Nestor ’s general counsel , Brian Haskell .
The city also gets less photo enforcement revenue because the vast majority of its camera tickets are for rolling right turns .
As issued by the city , those tickets carry a $ 159 fine and the city gets back about $ 58 .
In other jurisdictions , all photo tickets cost $ 381 , not counting traffic school , and those cities receive $ 150 to $ 160 on each citation .
Los Angeles officials still hope that their red light cameras will cover future operating costs .
But LAPD Sgt. Matthew MacWillie said : “ This is a traffic safety program .
The intent is not to raise money . ”
Promises of sizable red light camera profits were a part of a vendor ’s pitch to at least one city , records show .
South Gate officials were told they could reap an estimated $ 600,000 to $ 1.5 million in “ annual net profit ” from photo enforcement , according to a copy of a confidential memo by Redflex Traffic Systems obtained from the city .
A Redflex spokeswoman said she could not comment on the South Gate proposal .
But cities often seek assurances that camera systems will be self - supporting and not require additional public funding , said Cristina Weekes , Redflex vice president of marketing .
Six years later , South Gate officials are reexamining the safety and financial performance of their camera program but have not decided whether to renew the contract , said city Finance Director Julia James .
For James and fiscal officials in other cities , red light camera financing has been frustratingly fuzzy .
The county court system combines red light camera funds due cities with fines and bail forfeitures from all other types of cases -- making photo ticket dollars difficult to identify or audit .
“ This has been a thorn in my side , ” said Joyce Rooney , a transportation manager in West Hollywood .
Because of such complaints , court administrators in September began producing estimates of what cities should receive each month from their camera systems , based on monthly snapshots of payments actually made on photo tickets .
Though not precise , authorities say the figures are the best measure available of red light camera revenue going to cities .
Still , the Los Angeles budget analyst said , “ It ’s impossible for us to know exactly how much money we ’re getting . ”
rich.connell@latimes.com
The Palm Beach post is reporting Suicide calls jump amid economic woes .
A local hot line has seen a dramatic spike in suicide calls from people in Palm Beach County who are facing foreclosure and can't pay their bills , according to numbers released today .
Since the start of the year , 256 people in the county told operators at the 211 hot line that they were thinking about suicide .
Of those , 44 told operators that their main reason was that they had lost a job , were facing foreclosure , could n't afford to pay their bills or were homeless .
During the same period in 2007 , from Jan. 1 to June 10 , the hot line received 137 suicide calls from people in Palm Beach County .
Only 15 of those gave economic reasons .
The callers ' problems seem markedly different than in the past , said Susan Buza , executive director of 211 Palm Beach / Treasure Coast .
Many callers , she said , have tried to find work for months .
Buza said she began adding up the numbers after operators noticed a rise in calls from people who could lose their homes .
" When we started looking at it , we were really shocked , " she said .
Weekly Claims
In the week ending June 7 , the advance figure for seasonally adjusted initial claims was 384,000 , an increase of 25,000 from the previous week 's revised figure of 359,000 .
The 4 - week moving average was 371,500 , an increase of 2,500 from the previous week 's revised average of 369,000 .
State Fiscal Budgets
Monster Job Listings Plunge
The number of job listings on employment Web site Monster Worldwide ( MNST ) fell dramatically in May compared with a year earlier , according to Deutsche Bank analyst Jeetil Patel .
Patel says that U.S. job postings are down 18 % on a year - over - year basis for the quarter to date , with a 21 % drop in May .
That ’s worse than the 8 % slide in April .
Patel says the shrinking number of listings could pressure revenue and profits in the June quarter .
He says revenue from the North American careers segment could be down 10 % year - over - year in the quarter , well below the 4 % decline he had been projecting .
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
It ’s the sort of thing that must have been impossible to keep quiet , and we ’re fairly sure only a select few people knew this was happening , but at the very end of Microsoft ’s solid E3 keynote , Yoichi Wada , Square Enix CEO revealed that Final Fantasy XIII will not be PS3 exclusive .
Sure , it ’s a port , but this was meant to be the PS3 ’s big title , the game that would cement its future , especially in Japan , but the fallout from this will be massive .
Sony , over to you , but you ’d better have something fucking massive tomorrow …
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
Source Picture
How to become a zombie Zombie intelligence Zombie speed How to destroy a zombie
George A. Romero ( Night of the Living Dead and sequels )
Anyone who dies , no matter the reason , becomes one .
A zombie bite makes the victim die after a few hours Mostly instinct and memories , though some later zombies are able to learn and reason ( rudimentarily )
Slow ( rigor mortis ) Destruction of the brain
The Return of the Living Dead Contamination from a gas , which also remains inside the zombies ' bodies , and can turn even old corpses into zombies Human - like : can cooperate , make plans , and talk Human - like Total destruction ; even burning still releases the gas from the corpse , which can create more zombies
Shaun of the Dead Zombie bite : kills after a few hours , then causes reanimation Instinct and memories Slow ( rigor mortis ) Destruction of the brain
Resident Evil Zombie bite : kills after a few hours , then causes reanimation .
Also , contact with the T - virus Instinct ; some smarter zombies exist Slow ( rigor mortis ) ; some faster zombies exist Destruction of the brain ; some more powerful zombies exist
Zombie Survival Guide / World War Z Zombie bite : kills after a few hours , then causes reanimation Instinct only Slow ( rigor mortis ) Destruction of the brain
28 Days Later
Any contact with infected blood ; victim turns into an " infected " in seconds Instinct ( aggressive rage ) only Human - like ; higher endurance Anything that would kill a human
Dawn of the Dead ( remake ) Zombie bite : kills after a few hours , then causes reanimation Instinct only Human - like Destruction of the brain
Autumn World - wide plague kills more than 99 % of population in hours ; a third of those reanimate after a few days Animation only at first , then instinct , and , later , possibly some intelligence Slow ( rigor mortis ) Destruction of the brain
The Walking Dead Anyone who dies , no matter the reason , becomes one .
A zombie bite makes the victim die after a few hours Instinct only Slow ( rigor mortis ) Destruction of the brain
Marvel Zombies Zombie bite causes death and reanimation in seconds
Full intelligence , memories , skills , and powers ( if applicable ) from previous life , but complete lack of morality ; feeding is now the only goal As in previous life Destruction of the brain
Resident Evil 4 ( Ganados only ) Infection by " Las Plagas " parasite Human - like , including memories ( but with obedience to " Las Plagas " queen 's host ) Human - like Anything that will kill a human , but , as they seemingly feel no pain or fear , more damage than normal is needed to stop one
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama vie for the Democratic presidential nomination .
Photo illustration by Darrow .
It was supposed to be a run for the roses , only to turn into the chariot race from Ben-Hur , with Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama grimacing like Chuck Heston down the brutal homestretch , lashing toward a multi- horse pileup .
No , this was n’t anybody ’s dream finish .
After two terms of George W. Bush , which only seemed like a scarred eternity , American voters ( so the scenario went ) would be pining for Democratic recapture of the White House and a return to competency as a novel change of pace .
Let the reclamation begin .
In January 2009 , the former president would pack his saddlebags and head back to his Texas ranch , secure in the knowledge of having wrecked pretty much everything there was to wreck ( Iraq , the dollar , the national debt , America ’s prestige abroad , the rebuilding of New Orleans , the Endangered Species Act ) .
The president ’s impromptu tap dance at the White House as he killed time waiting for a tardy Senator John McCain to arrive for his official endorsement as the Republican nominee was the perfect vaudeville symbol for the breezy , wanton disconnect of this administration from the consequences of its actions , the unsinkable cheer of its sunshine superman .
Despite his dapper moves , Bush ’s dragging approval numbers were proof that his old white magic had lost its spell , that his was not an aura in which it was healthy to bask .
He shrivelled everything he touched .
( So far 29 House Republicans have announced their retirement this cycle , one sure sign of blight . )
In the electoral battle to succeed Bush , the positivity seemed lopsided : the Democrats had cornered the market on good vibrations and Pepsodent smiles , while the Republicans — apart from Mitt Romney and Mike Huckabee — majored in grim tidings and sour dispositions .
Poll after poll showed that Democrats were happy with their top candidates — Hillary Clinton , John Edwards , and Barack Obama — while Republicans kept scanning the horizon for a hunk of salvation , measuring Fred Thompson for Ronald Reagan ’s raiment until he went logy on them and had to be put out to graze .
Even the second tier of Democratic contenders , from happy warrior Joe Biden to Dennis Kucinich , with his red-tressed , tongue - pierced , statuesque wife , seemed like a Happy Meal compared with furrowed Republican also - rans such as Duncan Hunter and Tom Tancredo .
One by one the camera fodder dropped out of the race as the winnowing process culled the weak , the fanged , and the superfluous , the Republican field reduced until John McCain became the winner by default , the last bowling pin standing .
MSNBC ’s Chris Matthews is fond of repeating the political maxim “ Democrats fall in love , Republicans fall in line , ” and a halfhearted queue formed behind McCain ’s candidacy despite the cranky impetuosities of a highly crafted nonconformity that grated on the Rush Limbaugh dittoheads , the Club for Growth tax - cut fanatics , and the nativists who wanted to Berlin Wall the border with Mexico to keep out the intruders causing Lou Dobbs such gastritis .
Democrats had fallen in love with Obama , in heavy like with Hillary and Edwards .
A born - again populist , Edwards functioned as a lubricant , a slick lining separating — and dampening the friction between — two competing iconographic surge forces ( the first black presidential nominee versus the first female nominee ) and drawing enough support on Daily Kos and other liberal - Dem Web sites to diffuse the animosity , competitive zeal , and gender - generational differences between the two camps .
Once Edwards dropped out of the race , however , the buffer zone was removed , direct contact replaced triangulation , and the Obama and Hillary supporters faced off like the Jets and the Sharks .
The rancor was disproportionate in intensity and extravagant in invective , a fervor worthy of ancestral foes .
Months - old grievances seethed and erupted as if they had been bubbling for centuries in a lake of bad blood .
On the most egoistic plane , it seemed like a clash of entitlements , the messianics versus the menopausals .
The Obama - ites exuded the confidence of those who feel that they embody the future and are the seed bearers of energies and new modalities too long smothered under the thick haunches of the tired , old , entrenched way of doing things .
The Hillarions felt a different imperative knocking at the gate of history , the long - overdue prospect of the first woman taking the presidential oath of office .
For them , Hillary ’s time had come , she had paid her dues , she had been thoroughly vetted , she had survived hairdos that would have sunk lesser mortals , and she did n’t let a little thing like being loathed by nearly half of the country bum her out and clog her transmission .
Not since Nixon had there been such a show of grinding perseverance in the teeth of adversity , and Nixon in a pantsuit was never going to be an easy sell contrasted with the powerful embroidery of Obama ’s eloquence — his very emergence on the political scene seemed like a feat of levitation .
Hillary ’s candidacy promised to make things better ; Obama ’s to make us better : outward improvement versus inward transformation .
With Hillary , you would earn your merit badges ; with Obama , your wings .
Hillary ’s candidacy was warmed - over meat loaf — comfort food for those too old or fearful to Dream .
The battle between science and creationism has reached the prestigious Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution , where a former researcher is claiming he was fired because he does n't believe in evolution .
Nathaniel Abraham filed a lawsuit earlier this week in US District Court in Boston saying that the Cape Cod research center dismissed him in 2004 because of his Christian belief that the Bible presents a true account of human creation .
Abraham , who is seeking $ 500,000 in compensation for a violation of his civil rights , says in the suit that he lost his job as a postdoctoral researcher in a biology lab shortly after he told his superior that he did not accept evolution as scientific fact .
" Woods Hole believes they have the right to insist on a belief in evolution , " said David C. Gibbs III , one of Abraham 's two attorneys and general counsel of the Christian Law Association in Seminole , Fla .
Evolution is a fundamental tenet of biology that species emerge because of genetic changes to organisms that , over time , favor their survival .
Creationists reject the notion that humans evolved from apes and that life on Earth began billions of years ago , but Gibbs said Abraham " truly believes there was no conflict between religion and his job . "
Woods
Hole officials released a statement saying , " The Institution firmly believes that its actions and those of its employees concerning Dr. Abraham were entirely lawful , " and that the center does not discriminate on the basis of religion .
In a 2004 letter to Abraham , his boss , Woods Hole senior scien tist Mark E . Hahn , wrote that Abraham said he did not want to work on " evolutionary aspects " of the National Institutes of Health grant for which he was hired , even though the project clearly required scientists to use the principles of evolution in their analyses and writing .
The lawsuit is the latest in a series of cases pitting creationists against scientists in academic settings .
Last year , a University of Rhode Island student was awarded a doctorate in geosciences despite opposition after it became known that he was a creationist .
Earlier this year , an Iowa State University astronomer claimed he was denied tenure because he did not believe in evolution .
Like these cases , the Abraham lawsuit pointedly raises the question : Can people work in a scientific field if they do n't believe in its basic tenets ?
" I have a cleaning woman who is a Seventh - day Adventist and neither of us feel any tension , " said Michael Ruse , a philosopher of science at Florida State University who has written extensively on creationism and evolutionary biology .
" Yet , what is a person doing in an evolutionary lab when they do n't believe in evolution . . . and did n't tell anybody they did n't believe in evolution ? "
IPv4 Address Report
This report generated at 12 - May - 2020 02:15 UTC .
IANA Unallocated Address Pool Exhaustion : 03 - Feb -2011
Projected RIR Address Pool Exhaustion Dates : RIR Projected Exhaustion Date Remaining Addresses in RIR Pool ( /8s ) APNIC : 19 - Apr-2011 ( actual ) 0.2043 RIPE NCC : 14 - Sep-2012 ( actual ) 0.0204 LACNIC : 10 - Jun-2014 ( actual ) 0.0429 ARIN : 24 Sep -2015 ( actual ) 0.0002 AFRINIC : 31 - Dec--1 0.1213
Projection of consumption of Remaining RIR Address Pools
The IP v4 address space is a 32 bit field .
There are 4,294,967,296 unique values , considered in this context as a sequence of 256 " / 8s " , where each " / 8 " corresponds to 16,777,216 unique address values .
As noted in RFC 5735 a number of address blocks are ' reserved . '
There are a total of the equivalent of 35.078 / 8 address blocks that are ' reserved ' .
( This is composed of 16 / 8 blocks reserved for use in multicast scenarios , 16 / 8 blocks reserved for some unspecified future use , a /8 ( 0.0.0.0/8 ) for local identification , a / 8 for loopback ( 127.0.0.0/8 ) , and a / 8 reserved for private use ( 10.0.0.0/8 ) .
Smaller address blocks are also reserved for other special uses . )
The remaining 220.922 /8 address blocks are available for use in the public IP v4 Internet .
The current status of the total IP v4 address space is indicated in Figure 1 .
Figure 1 - Address Pool Status
This allocated number pool is managed by the Regional Internet Registries , ( RIRs ) and the breakdown of IANA allocated address blocks to each of the RIRs is shown in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 - Address allocations to RIRs
Any individual IP v4 address can be in any one of five states :
reserved for special use , or
part of the IANA unallocated address pool ,
part of the unassigned pool held by an RIR ,
assigned to an end user entity but not advertised in the routing system , or
assigned and advertised in BGP .
The current totals of IP addresses according to this set of states is shown in Figure 3 .
Figure 3 - Address Pools by State
This status can be further categorized per RIR , as shown in Figure 4 .
Figure 4 - Address Pools by RIR by State
Another view of the address state pools is by grouping the address space into a sequence of / 8s , and looking at state sub totals within each / 8 address block .
The following view shows the current status of the IP v4 address space as 256 / 8 columns each describing a pool of 16,777,216 addresses .
Figure 5 - IP v4 Address Status
Allocations
IPv4 Address are drawn from the Unallocated Address Number Pool , administered by the IANA .
These allocations are made to the Regional Internet Registries ( RIRs ) , and the allocation unit is in units of /8s .
Figure 6 - Cumulative IANA Address allocations
This series can be further broken down by RIR .
Figure 7 - Cumulative IANA
Address block allocations per RIR
Assignments
RIRs perform assignments of address blocks to ISPs and local Internet registries .
The cumulative number of assigned addresses over time is shown in Figure 8 .
Figure 8 - Cumulative RIR Address assignments
This data can be further categorized by RIR .
Figure 9 - Cumulative RIR address assignments , per RIR
RIR Pools
Each RIR allocates from its locally administered number pool .
When the pool reaches a low threshold size a further address block is allocated by IANA to the RIR .
The allocation quantity is based on the allocation activity recorded by the RIR for the 18 months prior to the allocation request , rounded to the next largest / 8 address block .
The pool size within each RIR over time can be derived from the allocation and assignment series data , producing the following graph .
This is indicated in Figure 10 .
Figure 10 - RIR Address Pool size
The more recent data from this series is shown in Figure 10a .
Figure 10a - RIR Address Pool size
Advertisements
The next data set is total span of address space advertised in the BGP routing table over time .
The data has been collected since late 1999 .
This is shown in Figure 11 .
Figure 11 - Advertised Address Count u
July 22 , 2008
SocialistWorker.org columnist Anthony Arnove , author of Iraq : The Logic of Withdrawal , examines Obama 's proposal , point by point , to see what the Democratic presidential candidate is really saying .
On July 14 , the New York Times featured an op -ed by Barack Obama laying out his " plan for Iraq . "
But Obama 's position on Iraq is carefully crafted to sound antiwar , while providing a vehicle for the U.S. to pursue a different strategy in the Middle East .
My Plan for Iraq
By Barack Obama
The call by Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al - Maliki for a timetable for the removal of American troops from Iraq presents an enormous opportunity .
We should seize this moment to begin the phased redeployment of combat troops that I have long advocated , and that is needed for long - term success in Iraq and the security interests of the United States .
Obama is not proposing a withdrawal plan but a limited , phased redeployment plan .
That is , he is not for a complete withdrawal , let alone an immediate and unconditional one .
The term redeployment also makes clear that the troops will be moved , whether to Afghanistan , where Obama proposes to send at least 10,000 more troops , or " over the horizon " in the Middle East , but still within " striking distance " of Iraq - - namely Qatar , Kuwait , Turkey , Azerbaijan , Djibouti or on aircraft carriers stationed in the Gulf .
That Obama still talks about success in Iraq is truly remarkable and reveals how narrow the spectrum of debate is between Democrats and Republican .
McCain and Obama both would only end the occupation if they are able to declare a victory for the United States .
Columnist : Anthony Arnove Anthony Arnove is the author of Iraq : The Logic of Withdrawal , an essential book for all antiwar activists , and the coauthor , with Howard Zinn , of Voices of a People ’s History of the United States , a companion volume to Zinn 's classic book .
He is also on the board of Haymarket Books .
The differences on Iraq in this campaign are deep .
Actually , the differences are mostly rhetorical .
Both John McCain and Barack Obama will keep troops in Iraq as an occupying force .
Both are committed to dominating the energy resources of the Middle East .
Both favor a strong relationship with Israel .
Both have said " all options " must be on the table in terms of preventing Iran from emerging as a nuclear power ( Obama said specifically : " We should take no option , including military action , off the table . " )
They differ on the tactics and in part on the strategy to pursue in achieving these aims .
Unlike Senator John McCain , I opposed the war in Iraq before it began , and would end it as president .
The only way to end the war would be to withdraw all U.S. troops ; withdraw all mercenaries and private contractors involved in the occupation , all U.S. " advisers " who are meddling in Iraq 's internal affairs , and all military bases ; and end all threats against Iraq about the policies it must pursue in relationship to oil policy , neoliberal economic policies and support for U.S. political positions in the region .
Obama has no plan to end the war .
He plans instead to repurpose it and refashion it .
I believed it was a grave mistake to allow ourselves to be distracted from the fight against al - Qaeda and the Taliban by invading a country that posed no imminent threat and had nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks .
Obama has said repeatedly lately that Iraq is a distraction from the Afghanistan occupation .
He thus accepts the broader framework of the " war on terror , " even while saying it needs to be fought more effectively , and accepts that the invasion and occupation of Afghanistan have legitimacy .
But the Afghan occupation has , from the outset , been motivated by the goal of regime change and creating a demonstration of U.S. power , at the expense of Afghan civilians , who also had nothing to do with the attacks of 9/11 .
Since then , more than 4,000 Americans have died and we have spent nearly $ 1 trillion .
The true cost of the war is already well beyond a trillion dollars , if you factor in the true costs of the war , as economists Joseph Stiglitz and Linda Bilmes suggest .
What Obama does not mention is that he has voted for hundreds of billions of those dollars to be spent in his time in the Senate , through his support of an expanded Pentagon budget and the ongoing supplemental funding bills to continue the occupation .
Obama 's
Web site excuses this by this circuitous rationale : " Since Obama came to Washington in January of 2005 , every single Senate Democrat has voted for every single Iraq funding bill that has come to the Senate floor until President Bush vetoed a timetable for withdrawal . "
Obama would , in fact , increase military spending on a number of weapons programs and expand the military by 92,000 new troops .
Our military is overstretched .
Nearly every threat we face -- from Afghanistan to al - Qaeda to Iran - - has grown .
The threat of Iran is an interesting idea .
No one speaks of the threat of the United States to Iran , though the U.S. has an official policy of regime change in Iran and is sponsoring covert operations against the country .
No one speaks of the threat of Israel against Iran , even though Israel recently engaged in military exercises meant to demonstrate its ability to strike Iran , and even though Israel - - which , unlike Iran , is not a signer of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty -- has more than 200 nuclear warheads , while Iran is many years away from being able to have even one .
In the 18 months since President Bush announced the surge , our troops have performed heroically in bringing down the level of violence .
This is a complete fallacy .
The presence of U.S troops as an unwanted foreign occupying force is the main source of violence and instability in Iraq , which is still enormously high .
The rate of violent deaths and attacks has declined for three reasons , having nothing to do with the so - called surge .
The first is that ethnic cleansing and displacement of Iraqis has been so widespread , Iraq has become a tragic example of what economists call " the point of diminishing returns " -- in this case , of further sectarian violence .
The second is that many Sunni groups previously engaged in military conflict with the United States -- that is , the people a year ago we called " the terrorists , " " Baathist dead - enders " and al - Qaeda , but who we now call Awakening Councils and Iraqi volunteers -- have entered temporary alliances with the United States to fight the Shia militias Washington previously armed .
The third is that Moktada al - Sadr , the Shia leader of the Mahdi Army , has for most of the last year declared a ceasefire .
He could call off that ceasefire at any moment , just as at any moment , the Sunni militias on the U.S. payroll could conclude that they should again return to the conflict with occupying soldiers .
New tactics have protected the Iraqi population , and the Sunni tribes have rejected al - Qaeda - - greatly weakening its effectiveness .
Iraqis have never accepted al - Qaeda .
The reality is that the occupation and the resistance to it created an environment in which al - Qaeda of Mesopotamia , its own separate and distinct formation , could operate .
But the overwhelming majority of Iraqis and anti-occupation fighters have rejected these groups from the beginning and have sought to root them out .
Unless the United States completely withdraws , they will continue to have room to operate in Iraq .
But the same factors that led me to oppose the surge still hold true .
The strain on our military has grown , the situation in Afghanistan has deteriorated , and we 've spent nearly $ 200 billion more in Iraq than we had budgeted .
Again , this has been enabled by Obama and the Democratic Party leadership , which , despite being elected to a majority in the House and Senate in 2006 because of popular opposition to the war , have repeatedly voted to fund the war .
Iraq 's leaders have failed to invest tens of billions of dollars in oil revenues in rebuilding their own country , and they have not reached the political accommodation that was the stated purpose of the surge .
Obama here follows the establishment lead of blaming Iraqis for the problems created by our illegal invasion and occupation .
The U.S. has overseen the " reconstruction " of Iraq -- in reality , its destruction -- with the benefits accruing only to the contractors making profits from their no -bid contracts .
The mantra about reaching a " political accommodation , " borrowed from Hillary Clinton 's campaign , again seeks to blame Iraqis for the problems we created .
The purpose of the increase of troops was not to foster reconciliation between Iraqi government factions -- which the United States has manipulated since the onset of the occupation , and even in advance of it through its work with exiled Iraqi elites -- but to forestall a defeat of the U.S. in Iraq .
The good news is that Iraq 's leaders want to take responsibility for their country by negotiating a timetable for the removal of American troops .
Here , we see more of Obama 's " tough love " message for Iraqis .
They need to " take responsibility . "
Not the United States , which illegally invaded , destroyed the country , created millions of refugees , and killed untold numbers of Iraqis .
Not the military contactors who tortured and killed Iraqis , and lined their pockets .
And if the Iraqis do n't " take responsibility , " we might just have to end all our hard , selfless work to help them out .
Meanwhile , Lt. Gen. James Dubik , the American officer in charge of training Iraq 's security forces , estimates that the Iraqi Army and police will be ready to assume responsibility for security in 2009 .
This is a fantasy .
On the one hand , Iraqis have long been capable of running their own affairs , despite all the paternalism of the occupation .
But the Iraqi security forces are themselves sectarian militias ( ones we armed ) that are badly divided internally .
And most security forces will be seen as collaborators with the occupiers , without any legitimacy , and hence the target of attacks until there is a real end to the U.S. occupation .
Only by redeploying our troops can we press the Iraqis to reach comprehensive political accommodation and achieve a successful transition to Iraqis ' taking responsibility for the security and stability of their country .
Instead of seizing the moment and encouraging Iraqis to step up , the Bush administration and Senator McCain are refusing to embrace this transition -- despite their previous commitments to respect the will of Iraq 's sovereign government .
They call any timetable for the removal of American troops " surrender , " even though we would be turning Iraq over to a sovereign Iraqi government .
The definition of sovereign here is an interesting one .
The status of forces agreement the U.S. is hoping to put in place before December 30 , when the United Nations mandate for the occupation is set to expire , will leave Washington in control of Iraqi air space , exempt from Iraqi law , able to detain any Iraqis at its own initiative , able to launch military strikes at its own initiative , and in possession of long - term military bases and the world 's largest embassy in Baghdad .
Other agreements will leave Western companies largely in control of Iraqi oil .
But this is not a strategy for success -- it is a strategy for staying that runs contrary to the will of the Iraqi people , the American people and the security interests of the United States .
The occupation has long been contrary to the will of Iraqis and the U.S. populace .
That is why , on my first day in office , I would give the military a new mission : ending this war .
The war will not end if troops remain , if mercenaries remain ( an Obama aide acknowledged to journalist Jeremy Scahill that Obama may , in fact , increase the number of mercenaries from companies such as Blackwater to replace active - duty troops redeployed from Iraq ) and if U.S. bases remain -- and Obama acknowledges they will for many years to come .
As I 've said many times , we must be as careful getting out of Iraq as we were careless getting in .
We can safely redeploy our combat brigades at a pace that would remove them in 16 months .
That would be the summer of 2010 -- two years from now , and more than seven years after the war began .
Obama has floated this 16 - month period several times , while also acknowledging it is not a fixed timetable .
But this timeframe , which will almost certainly be extended in " consultation with military advisers , " is only for " combat " troops -- a verbal slight of hand since roughly half of U.S. troops fall in this category .
Again , Obama also says nothing about the private contractors who equal or even exceed the total number of troops .
After this redeployment , a residual force in Iraq would perform limited missions : going after any remnants of al - Qaeda in Mesopotamia , protecting American service members and , so long as the Iraqis make political progress , training Iraqi security forces .
Here , Obama takes away with one hand what he gives with the other .
The residual occupying force will most likely be tens of thousands of troops -- perhaps more , with support staff and contractors alongside them .
" Going after " al - Qaeda is the rationale George Bush gives for staying in Iraq .
" Force protection " is not necessary if you are not in Iraq as an occupying power .
And training is really a euphemism for Iraqification , much like Vietnamization before it .
That would not be a precipitous withdrawal .
After more than five years of illegally occupying a country , no withdrawal , however speedy , would be " precipitous . "
In carrying out this strategy , we would inevitably need to make tactical adjustments .
Meaning that the 16 - month schedule , limited and problematic as it is , is likely to be extended .
As I have often said , I would consult with commanders on the ground and the Iraqi government to ensure that our troops were redeployed safely , and our interests protected .
We would move them from secure areas first and volatile areas later .
What interests does Obama mean ?
Certainly not the interests of U.S. soldiers -- more than 4,100 of them are now dead , more than 28,000 are injured , and many more are deeply scarred psychologically .
Not the interests of the poor and working - class people paying for this war .
Not the interests of the Iraqi people .
Instead , the interests of the arms dealers , the oil companies , the war planners and the U.S. elites who manage the domination of the Middle East and benefit from it .
We would pursue a diplomatic offensive with every nation in the region on behalf of Iraq 's stability , and commit $ 2 billion to a new international effort to support Iraq 's refugees .
With more than 2 million Iraqis internally displaced and more than 2 million externally displaced , this is a paltry sum , especially when one considers the immense harm and destruction the United States has created during -- and before -- the occupation .
The U.S. should drop Iraq 's debt and pay hundreds of billions in reparations to Iraqis , not just the refugees , who Washington has indeed criminally abandoned .
Ending the war is essential to meeting our broader strategic goals , starting in Afghanistan and Pakistan , where the Taliban is resurgent and al - Qaeda has a safe haven .
Iraq is not the central front in the war on terrorism , and it never has been .
As Adm .
Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , recently pointed out , we wo n't have sufficient resources to finish the job in Afghanistan until we reduce our commitment to Iraq .
As president , I would pursue a new strategy , and begin by providing at least two additional combat brigades to support our effort in Afghanistan .
We need more troops , more helicopters , better intelligence - gathering and more nonmilitary assistance to accomplish the mission there .
I would not hold our military , our resources and our foreign policy hostage to a misguided desire to maintain permanent bases in Iraq .
The word permanent here is a red herring .
George Bush has said repeatedly that we do not want " permanent " bases .
But when pressed , Bush officials acknowledge that they regard no bases as permanent .
In this campaign , there are honest differences over Iraq , and we should discuss them with the thoroughness they deserve .
Unlike Senator McCain , I would make it absolutely clear that we seek no presence in Iraq similar to our permanent bases in South Korea , and would redeploy our troops out of Iraq and focus on the broader security challenges that we face .
But for far too long , those responsible for the greatest strategic blunder in the recent history of American foreign policy have ignored useful debate in favor of making false charges about flip - flops and surrender .
The Iraqi bases are clearly meant to be long - term , " enduring " bases .
The embassy the United States is building in Baghdad is the largest of any in the world .
Obama is simply engaging in a sleight of hand here .
Unless he is in favor of a complete withdrawal , any " residual " forces will be on U.S. bases for years to come .
It 's not going to work this time .
It 's time to end this war .
It is indeed time to end the occupation of Iraq and to end the war against the world that goes under the rubric of the " war on terror . "
But the only way to do this is to build a mass , democratic and independent antiwar movement , build the resistance of soldiers and veterans , and push for genuine withdrawal , not a repurposing of the war on terror .
Dear EarthTalk : Recent NASA photos showed the opening of the Northwest Passage and that a third of the Arctic ’s sea ice has melted in recent .
Are sea levels already starting to rise accordingly , and if so what effects is this having ?
-- Dudley Robinson , Ireland
Researchers were astounded when , in the fall of 2007 , they discovered that the year - round ice pack in the Arctic Ocean had lost some 20 percent of its mass in just two years , setting a new record low since satellite imagery began documenting the terrain in 1978 .
Without action to stave off climate change , some scientists believe that , at that rate , all of the year - round ice in the Arctic could be gone by as early as 2030 .
This massive reduction has allowed an ice - free shipping lane to open through the fabled Northwest Passage along northern Canada , Alaska and Greenland .
While the shipping industry — which now has easy northern access between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans — may be cheering this “ natural ” development , scientists worry about the impact of the resulting rise in sea levels around the world .
According to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , made up of leading climate scientists , sea levels have risen some 3.1 millimeters per year since 1993 .
And the United Nations Environment Program predicts that by 2010 some 80 percent of people will live within 62 miles of the coast , with about 40 percent living within 37 miles of a coastline .*
The World Wildlife Fund ( WWF ) reports that low - lying island nations , especially in equatorial regions , have been hardest hit by this phenomenon , and some are threatened with total disappearance .
Rising seas have already swallowed up two uninhabited islands in the Central Pacific .
On Samoa , thousands of residents have moved to higher ground as shorelines have retreated by as much as 160 feet .
And islanders on Tuvalu are scrambling to find new homes as salt water intrusion has made their groundwater undrinkable while increasingly strong hurricanes and ocean swells have devastated shoreline structures .
WWF says that rising seas throughout tropical and sub-tropical regions of the world have inundated coastal ecosystems , decimating local plant and wildlife populations .
In Bangladesh and Thailand , coastal mangrove forests — important buffers against storms and tidal waves — are giving way to ocean water .
Unfortunately , even if we curb global warming emissions today , these problems are likely to get worse before they get better .
According to marine geophysicist Robin Bell of Columbia University ’s Earth Institute , sea levels rise by about 1/16 ” for every 150 cubic miles of ice that melts off one of the poles .
“ That may not sound like a lot , but consider the volume of ice now locked up in the planet ’s three greatest ice sheets , ” she writes in a recent issue of Scientific American .
“ If the West Antarctic ice sheet were to disappear , sea level would rise almost 19 feet ; the ice in the Greenland ice sheet could add 24 feet to that ; and the East Antarctic ice sheet could add yet another 170 feet to the level of the world ’s oceans : more than 213 feet in all . ”
Bell underscores the severity of the situation by pointing out that the 150 - foot tall Statue of Liberty could be completely submerged within a matter of decades .
CONTACTS : Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , www.ipcc.ch; WWF , www.panda.org; Earth Institute at Columbia University , www.earth.columbia.edu.
GOT AN ENVIRONMENTAL QUESTION ?
Send it to : EarthTalk , c/o E / The Environmental Magazine , P.O. Box 5098 , Westport , CT 06881 ; submit it at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/thisweek/, or e-mail : earthtalk@emagazine.com .
Read past columns at : www.emagazine.com/earthtalk/archives.php.
* Correction ( 6/16/08 ) :
The statistics in this sentence have been corrected since the original posting .
by Ramsey Clark — Join the Tuesday , June 3rd Call - in to John Conyers .
Jam the capitol switchboard with our demand to restore justice and reclaim democracy .
Capitol Hill Switchboard —
Toll call : 202.224.3121 —
Toll - Free call : 800.828.0498 — 800.459.1887 — 866.340.9281 — 866.338.1015 — 877.851.6437 .
When you get the operator ask for John Conyers ’ office .
Contact the House Judiciary Committee too .
More toll - free numbers at CallCongress.org .
— NEW YORK CITY NY — EVERY DAY BRINGS ANOTHER REASON FOR GEORGE BUSH TO BE IMPEACHED .
WE HAVE A DUTY TO ACT AND WE CAN MAKE A DIFFERENCE .
Explaining that his “ loyalty to the truth ” overrode his “ loyalty to Bush , ” former White House spokesman Scott McClellan published a new memoir this week , which details the ways in which the administration regularly lied to and deceived the American public .
McClellan asserts that the White House had managed the debate leading up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq in a way that “ almost guaranteed that the use of force would become the only feasible option . ”
In this “ culture of deception , ” the corporate media acted as “ enablers ” to the Bush administration ’s war of aggression .
McClellan undoubtedly wrote the book for the sake of his career , to distance himself from an increasingly detested president .
But the fact is that the longstanding beliefs of the anti-war and impeachment movement have now been confirmed by a Bush insider .
The president lied about going to war ; it was not just a case of “ bad intelligence , ” but intentional deception .
This is an impeachable crime .
Our relentless efforts for impeachment have helped change the political climate .
Everyone ’s actions have made a difference .
More than 1 million people have voted to impeach .
This is a stunning example of grassroots democracy in action .
The Judiciary Committee and its Chairman have failed to act in the face of overwhelming evidence of the most grievous high Crimes and Misdemeanors ever to imperil our nation and its place among nations .
The time to act is now .
We are asking you to take a moment on Tuesday , June 3rd , to call Rep. John Conyers , the Chair of the House Judiciary Committee , to act on the impeachment resolution in the hands of his committee .
This is not a matter of electoral politics or partisan politics .
It is a matter of right - and - wrong , whether the Constitution is still adhered to , or if it is just a piece of paper .
Please call John Conyers Tuesday , June 3rd , at the numbers listed above .
Let Mr. Conyers know , “ You have a constitutional and legal obligation to act on impeachment .
The Bush administration intentionally deceived the public to go to war , and the people of this country demand that they be held accountable . ”
This impeachment drive is part of a two - month intensive effort , announced by Ramsey Clark , to have the House Judiciary Committee commence impeachment hearings by July 4 .
This movement is making a difference .
One law for the billionaires ?
Tetra
Pak heir and wife caught with crack cocaine and heroin wo n't face court
A fabulously wealthy couple caught with a huge haul of cocaine , crack and heroin are to escape prosecution .
Eva Rausing , whose 45 - year - old husband Hans is an heir to the multi-billion - pound Tetra Pak drinks carton empire , was caught trying to smuggle heroin and crack into a function at the American Embassy in London .
When police searched the couple ’s £ 10 million home in exclusive Cadogan Place , Chelsea , they found more crack and heroin – and £ 2,000 worth of cocaine .
Hans and Eva Rausing :
They will not even have criminal records
Typically , addicts caught with such huge quantities of drugs will face a prison sentence .
But at Westminster magistrates ’ court yesterday , it was revealed that all charges are being dropped after a ‘ protracted correspondence ’ between their lawyers and the Crown Prosecution Service .
Instead , they will each accept a ‘ conditional caution ’ , which will probably involve them promising to attend drug misuse programmes .
They will not even have criminal records , although the cautions will be recorded on police files .
Critics said the move adds to the belief among many observers that the rich and famous are ignoring drugs laws with impunity .
When he took office , Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair announced that middle - class addicts who snort cocaine at dinner parties are not above the law .
But he was embarrassed when the force failed to prosecute model Kate Moss despite the publication of images of her snorting cocaine .
Last night , a spokesman for campaign group Europe Against Drugs said : ‘ There is a general acceptance in society that cocaine use among celebrities is almost fine .
It appears there is one law for normal people and another for celebrities . ’
Neither Mr Rausing nor his 44 - year - old wife appeared in court yesterday , when their solicitor made an extraordinary suggestion that the Press should be asked to leave to keep proceedings secret .
The hearing was held in public as is usual .
Before the hearing , Mr Rausing ’s family issued a statement in which they said : ‘ We hope with all our hearts that Hans K and Eva can overcome their addiction and we continue to do what we can to help . ’
Court documents revealed that Mr Rausing was charged with possessing 0.2 oz of crack cocaine , 0.1 oz of heroin and almost 1.8 oz of cocaine at his home .
Mrs Rausing faced charges of possessing Class A and Class C drugs .
But Martha Godwin , prosecuting , said the charges were being dropped , and police were issuing conditional cautions instead .
District Judge Timothy Workman said the drugs charges would be formally discontinued at a hearing next month .
The Rausings ’ solicitor Philip Smith , told the court : ‘ That is a course that is acceptable to them both .
‘ There has been a protracted course of correspondence from my office to the Crown Prosecution Service to enable them to make that very sensible decision . ’
Mr Rausing stands to inherit the £ 5.4 billion Tetra Pak empire built up by his Swedish father , also named Hans – who also lives in Britain .
The family are said to have the seventh largest fortune in Britain .
The Rausings own numerous properties , including a £ 50 million estate in Barbados and a 3,000 - acre retreat in East Sussex .
Mr and Mrs Rausing have contributed huge sums to addiction charities , and Mr Rausing was long believed to have dabbled in drugs .
But only after American - born Mrs Rausing ’s arrest did it become public that both were addicted to crack and heroin .
After being arrested , Mrs Rausing , the daughter of a Pepsi-Cola executive , said : ‘ I intend to seek the help that I very much need .
I am ashamed of my actions . ’
OFFENCE THAT CAN MEAN LIFE
The maximum sentence for possession of Class A drugs is seven years in prison .
And those convicted of possession with intent to supply - charges which can apply even to those providing only their own friends and relatives with drugs with no intention of making any profit - can be jailed for life .
The sentences sound tough , but in practice the maximum penalties are almost never imposed .
And as drug consumption has soared , taking Britain to near the top of the European table for cocaine abuse , there has been a huge growth in the use of cautions instead of full prosecutions leading to conviction .
Labour ’s downgrading of cannabis has led to a fall in prosecutions over possession of that drug , but those caught with small amounts of cocaine also have a good chance of escaping with a caution .
Most people , however , would have a lot of explaining to do if caught with £ 2,000 worth of cocaine , plus crack and heroin .
Hans Rausing might have struggled to explain why he had so much cocaine for personal use , but with his enormous fortune he could argue that he had no intention of profiting from the stash .
Figures show that when the Metropolitan Police choose to prosecute for drugs offences , they have a 95 per cent conviction rate .
The New York Yankees have found a replacement for Jorge Posada .
New York acquired catcher Ivan Rodriguez from the Tigers on Wednesday for right - handed pitcher Kyle Farnsworth .
The deal was first reported by ESPN The Magazine 's Buster Olney .
" Honestly , I was shocked by this , but that 's baseball , " Rodriguez said .
" Now , I 'm just looking forward to playing for the Yankees and maybe I will play against Detroit again in the playoffs . "
After New York 's 13 - 3 rout of the Orioles on Wednesday , Yankees manager Joe Girardi expressed his satisfaction with the deal .
" He 's hitting over .290 I believe and he 's been hot so we 're looking forward to having him , " he said .
Rodriguez , who is in the final year of the contract he signed with the Tigers in 2004 that will ultimately pay him $ 50 million , waived his no -trade clause to join the Yankees .
" Pudge has always wanted to play in New York and Detroit felt it needed a relief pitcher , so both sides were able to get what they wanted to some degree , " Rodriguez 's agent Scott Boras told The Associated Press .
Rodriguez is batting .295 this season with five home runs and 32 RBIs in 82 games .
In 18 seasons with the Rangers , Marlins and Tigers , he 's hit .302 with 293 homers and 1,214 RBIs .
" It 's going to be very exciting .
They are in the race and I 'm ready to do my job , " Rodriguez said .
A 14 - time All - Star , Rodriguez won the American League MVP award in 1999 and for years was known as the best defensive catcher in the game .
He earned Gold Gloves in 13 seasons , a record for a catcher .
Willie Mays , Roberto Clemente and Rodriguez are the only three players in baseball history with at least 12 Gold Gloves and a career .300 average or better .
Rodriguez has caught 2,142 games , trailing only Carlton Fisk ( 2,226 ) and Bob Boone ( 2,225 ) in terms of longevity behind the plate .
" He 's been a great player for a long time and I remember the battles we had in Texas .
He 's been a world champion , " said Girardi , who was a member of the Yankees during playoff battles with the Rangers in the '90s .
In his lone season in Florida in 2003 , Rodriguez helped lead the Marlins to a World Series victory over the Yankees .
The Yankees expect Rodriguez to join the team on Thursday , when they start a four - game series against the Los Angeles Angels .
Rodriguez has said he wants to play next season and beyond , but for now is focusing solely on helping the Yankees catch Tampa Bay and Boston in the AL East .
" It 's going to be very exciting , " he said .
" They are in the race and I 'm ready to do my job . "
Do yourself a favor .
Have something ready to throw against the wall , hard , before you read this *
Times story on the botched hunt for Bin Laden .
Or pour yourself a stiff drink , at least .
Yeah , yeah , it 's early in the morning .
But trust me , you 'll need it .
Because our Special Forces are " still waiting for the green light " to go get Al Qaeda bigs in their mostly likely hiding places , in Pakistan .
And the renewed CIA push to attack Bin Laden , " Operation Cannonball , " is still being treated like a second - tier priority in the Agency , two years after its creation .
*
[ G]iant Quonset huts were erected outside the cafeteria on the CIA 's leafy Virginia campus , to house a new team assigned to the Bin Laden mission .
In Pakistan , the new operation was staffed not only with CIA operatives drawn from around the world , but also with recent graduates of ... the agency 's training center …
" We had to put people out in the field who had less than ideal levels of experience , " one former senior CIA official said .
" But there was n't much to choose from . "
One reason for this … was that by 2006 the Iraq war had drained away most of the CIA officers with field experience in the Islamic world …
" We were all hurting because of Iraq . "
Thousands of people took part Friday in a protest march in the Arab city of Sakhnin in northern Israel following Attorney General Menachem Mazuz 's decision not to indict the police officers involved in the October 2000 riots , which left 13 Israeli Arabs dead .
The protestors carried a coffin simulating the Israeli legal system and promised to continue their struggle until those involved in the events pay for their actions .
Tit for Tat Official : Arab public refused to cooperate with October riots probe Aviram Zino Senior Justice Ministry official defends attorney general 's decision not to indict officers involved in October riots , saying victims ' families , Arab sector refused to cooperate with investigation Official : Arab public refused to cooperate with October riots probe
The demonstration was attended by the family members of the riots ' casualties , including Jamila Asala , who held the picture of her son Asil , killed during the riots in the village of Arabeh in northern Israel .
" Our lands can be confiscated , our sons can be murdered , but our dignity can not be taken away .
We shall not keep quiet and we shall show the world what a racist establishment this is , so that everyone knows what is taking place in the State of Israel .
" We will show them what dignity is .
Palestinian blood is the most precious thing , " Asala said .
According to Asala , her son was killed as a shahid ( martyr ) defending his land .
" This is a shahid of the land , of his people .
My son was murdered for being a Palestinian defending his land .
The passing years only increase the pain .
" This large amount of people is an answer to Mazuz and to the racist establishment .
They thought that the years gone by have erased our memories and caused us to forget , but a murdered shahid will never be forgotten , " she added .
' Same fingerprints on gun and pen '
Hassan , Asil 's father , read out the names of the police officers involved in the events and promised to avenge the casualties ' death .
" I promise the shahids that I will pursue the criminals .
We will pursue them to the last drop of blood , " he said .
Hadash chairman , Knesset Member Mohammad Barakhe , said that Mazuz 's decision would have far - reaching consequences .
" The impressive participation in the Sakhnin demonstration is an unequivocal cry against the racist establishment , headed by Meni Mazuz , over their decision which throws us and our sons to the dogs .
The appeal to the courts should include the murderers , their senders and those covering for them , " he said .
Balad chairman , MK Jamal Zahalka , also slammed the legal system , which he claimed had betrayed the trust of the Arab public .
" The hand which wrote the Police Investigation Unit report and the Mazuz report is the same hand which pulled the trigger in October 2000 and killed 13 of our sons .
" The gun that fired the shots and the pen used to write the report have the same fingerprints on them .
The Arab public gave the Israeli legal system a chance to reveal the truth , but it failed to do so , " Zahalka said .
According to the Pentagon , the U.S. military carried out tests of chemical and biological agents on 6,440 of its own personnel between 1962 and 1973 .
One Navy veteran who participated in some of those tests is now pushing for recognition and benefits , having learned that more than half of his fellow seamen are either dead or stricken with cancer or other illnesses .
AP via Google :
WASHINGTON — Jack Alderson was ordered never to talk about the secret weapons tests he helped conduct in the Pacific during the 1960s .
He kept quiet for decades .
Sparse attendance at a 1993 reunion prompted Alderson , a retired Navy Reserve lieutenant commander , to speak out .
He learned that more than half of the 500 or so crew members who took part in the tests were either dead or suffering from cancer , respiratory problems or other ailments .
Alderson wondered whether his own skin cancers , allergies and chronic fatigue were linked to those tests or were simply the result of aging .
“ I was told by my bosses and the docs and so forth that if you follow these routines … you ’re going to be OK , ” Alderson , 74 , said in an interview .
“ We did exactly as told .
And we ’re finding out now that we ’re sick . ”
Read more
Dogs need 4 legs to walk …or do they ?
Well most of them do , but not wonder dog Faith .
She was born with deformities , she only had one front leg and it had to be removed when she was 7 months because it was starting to atrophy .
But thanks to the care of her adoptive owners Faith managed to survive and grow into an amazing dog .
She learned to move by using only her 2 remaining legs , but , according to her owners although it was a very difficult process , it was also natural .
Faith has become a star and her owners have started the With Little Faith Foundation and they travel along with their pet , spreading their faith and God ’s love to as many as they can .
Faith ’s official site
Exclusive Women working on Debian have been getting death threats from a nut job who believes they 're killing free software .
A poll by new project leader Steve McIntyre into whether people are happy on Debian revealed one female coder had been getting the threats as thanks for her hard work .
Further daggering soon revealed she was not alone .
McIntyre told The Reg : " I have since discovered that several of our female developers and documenters were threatened .
It was some kook in the US who made quite a name from himself harassing women for supposedly destroying the free software movement . "
In an email to the Debian community McIntyre promised to " track down and deal with the perpetrators " in future incidents .
He told The Reg the women pledged to stand together and not to be intimidated .
Which is good , " because we want more women to be involved in open source , " he said .
This is not the first time the fringe elements of the open source movement have revealed their taste for intolerance and juvenile attacks .
Blogger and author Kathy Sierra quit blogging and canceled a planned appearance at a Tim O'Reilly conference last year after she received death threats .
Turning to Debian , McIntyre told the community : " Many of our developers are used to strong discussions and technical arguments in the course of Debian and free software development , but I was shocked to hear that one of our community has been the target of death threats as a thank - you for her work . "
Overall , the survey of the Debian community found the overwhelming problem is there just are n't enough developers involved .
" I was n't aware of just how badly some of our teams were performing .
Quite a few are barely functional at all .
In more than one case , I had responses like ' team ? what team ? '.
Several are technically made up of a group of people , but only one person is doing all the work . "
Nut jobs attacking women in open source should remember that it 's easy to kill their precious projects by turning people off through their antics .
Getting people to participate becomes that much harder ( see here and here ) . ®
According to the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , their terrorist list is growing by an average of 20,000 names a month .
The ACLU says that over a million people are already on this list .
Let ’s get real .
Either we are creating a quarter of a million terrorists every year , or else our government has gone bonkers .
So let ’s look and see who our government believes is a terrorist :
When we start listing 11 - month - old infants as terrorists , then I ’d have to vote with “ bonkers ” .
When too many people are on the list it makes the list itself worthless , since it does n’t distinguish between real terrorists and innocent people .
Not to mention that many of the people mentioned here were prevented from flying , were strip - searched , or in some cases even beaten , because they were mistakenly identified as terrorists .
It makes you wonder how many people being held in secret prisons ( or even not - so - secret ones like Guantanamo Bay ) are there by mistake .
Save the planet by getting a big butt
There ’s no accounting for some people ’s tastes , but if you like a bit of kitsch , this waterbutt will make a great conversation starter at your summer barbecue .
The butt butt is the deal of the week over at Evengreener where it ’s been marked down from £ 100 ( that ’s what you pay for designer dahling ) , to an affordable £ 29.95 , including a free rain diverter kit .
This is a limited edition piece of kit , so get it while you can .
The front of the butt butt is flat so that it will stand against a wall , and it takes 215 litres of rainwater , which is another thing to get while you can .
Update !
It seems that Evengreener have now sold out / removed the product from their site and so the link provided above does n’t point to the butt butt anymore .
Sorry !
.
The Manbottle Library : Pictures : The Proper Way to Pronounce Oklahoma The Proper Way to Pronounce Oklahoma
The proper way to pronounce " Oklahoma " is
Okla ..... homa
( There 's a pause between the A and the H )
See below ...
The PackBot — iRobot 's military droid — has special oblong paddles that help it flip over .
The Navigator , built by Robotic FX , used a similar mechanism . *
Photo : Rainer Hosch * Jameel
Ahed says he did n't really read the email .
He was preoccupied with trying to solve a few electrical problems on the robots he hoped his company would sell to the US Army for as much as $ 300 million , one of the largest robot orders in history .
So he did n't pay much attention to the fact that iRobot , his former employer and chief competitor for the Army contract , was suing him for stealing their designs .
And he did n't read the attachment ordering him to preserve any evidence related to the case .
Nevertheless , a few hours later that evening , Ahed began cleaning out his suburban Chicago office .
He gathered up circuit boards and electronic components and threw them into a box marked " iRobot " — maker of the cute little Roomba vacuum cleaner and sophisticated military robots .
He stuffed the box into a green duffel bag , carried it outside , and put it in the trunk of a white Saturn registered to the parents of Kimberly Hill , his girlfriend and the chief operating officer of his company , Robotic FX .
Around midnight that night , August 17 , 2007 , Ahed and Hill drove to her apartment on Chicago 's North Side .
The next morning , they went out to breakfast .
When they came out of the restaurant , the Saturn 's trunk was ajar .
Ahed made sure the duffel bag was still inside .
Then they drove to a Staples , where he bought a shredder and a disc- erasing program .
On the way back , Ahed stepped out of the Saturn , opened the trunk , and emptied the contents of the bag into a curbside dumpster a block from Hill 's apartment .
Ahed did n't know that a private investigator was parked nearby .
The PI , hired that morning , photographed the dumpster drop and recovered all of the gear .
Then he reported back to his client : iRobot .
Ahed was 20 years old when he joined iRobot in May 1999 , a biomedical engineering student at the University of Illinois on a summer internship .
In those days , the company was just 80 or so geeks in the Boston exurbs designing toys for Hasbro and doing research for Darpa .
Ahed stood out .
He was hardworking , flirtatious , and outgoing .
He dressed well ( for an engineer , anyway ) and drove a DeLorean .
The only criticism anyone could level was that he had the arrogance of youth — he seemed to think he was the smartest kid in the room , that he could solve any problem .
When the summer ended , iRobot gave him some robot parts to play with at school ; when he graduated , they gave him a job .
The company was a classic startup — almost a cliché .
Everyone hung out together .
Everyone worked constantly .
" We 'd sleep in the office , by the front door , so the first people arriving in the morning would hit us on the head and wake us up , " says Tom Frost , Ahed 's former supervisor .
They watched movies at Ahed 's apartment and test - drove robots at Frost 's parents ' house on the beach in Rhode Island .
The range of projects at iRobot was staggering : an automated industrial floor cleaner for Johnson Wax ( now SC Johnson ) , makers of Windex and Pledge ; a baby doll that laughed when its feet were tickled ; and Urbie , a small , rugged military robot with flippers that enabled it to climb stairs and right itself when turned upside down .
But Ahed was dissatisfied .
He missed his hometown of Chicago , and he wanted to be his own boss — or at least to rise in the company a whole lot faster .
Building radio antennas was n't enough .
In December 2001 , he bought the domain name roboticfx.com , planning to launch his own startup .
Then Frost chose
Ahed to work on the electrical team for the PackBot — a descendent of the Urbie for which the company had high hopes .
Ahed made two requests .
He asked for a raise and for the machine 's full electrical schematics .
That set off alarm bells .
Ahed already had access to the PackBot 's mechanical designs , which were kept on a shared server .
If he got hold of the complete electricals , he'd be able to make a PackBot on his own .
Frost said no , and Ahed exploded .
" I was left without the tools that I needed to do my tasks , " he said later in a videotaped deposition .
" That frustration took me over the top ... I told Tom if I did n't have — if I did n't get help , that I did n't want to stay . "
Ahed gave his two weeks ' notice .
Before he left , a company staffer demanded that he sign a final confidentiality agreement .
Ahed complained but signed .
The next day , an email was sent at 10:18 pm from his still - active iRobot account to his new Robotic FX address detailing how the PackBot 's batteries were made .
Shortly thereafter , Ahed packed up and returned to Chicago .
In July 2002 , a month after Ahed quit , Frost took five PackBot prototypes to Afghanistan .
Near the mountainous Pakistani border , the Army 's 101st Airborne sent the squat , rectangular machines to map suspected terrorist compounds and find weapons caches .
Normally , flesh - and - blood scouts would risk their lives to do these jobs .
Now the 101st was risking only hardware .
The soldiers liked the robots so much , they would n't let Frost take them back home with him .
Stateside , Frost and his Army liaison became popular figures on the Pentagon briefing circuit , even pitching the robots to defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
By the summer of 2003 , iRobot had orders for a few dozen PackBots at around $ 60,000 each .
And that looked to be just a warm - up .
Advanced robots are the heart of the Army 's $ 200 billion Future Combat Systems modernization project .
By 2030 , 15 brigades are to be reinforced by more than 1,200 little robot buddies .
The firm 's civilian business was taking off , too .
In 2002 , engineers applied what they 'd learned building the SC Johnson floor - cleaner to a disc - shaped bot they called the Roomba .
The quirky $ 200 robovac became the must - have gadget that holiday season , eventually selling more than 2.5 million units .
On November 9 , 2005 , iRobot went public and emerged with a market capitalization of more than $ 620 million .
The PackBot rang the Nasdaq 's opening bell .
A private detective photographed Jameel Ahed unloading iRobot - related equipment from his car .
Photo : Courtesy of Xconomy
Ahed , meanwhile , was working out of a small office and basement workshop attached to his father 's dental practice .
He was intent on creating a lighter , cheaper , easier - to - operate version of his former employer 's machines .
And he was smart about it .
He used inexpensive commercial processors instead of robot - specific chips .
He designed custom fixtures so he could injection - mold thermoplastic rubber parts — much lighter than the PackBot 's aluminum components .
By 2004 , Ahed had a bare - bones prototype he called the Negotiator .
It weighed just 20 pounds and cost less than $ 30,000 — half what iRobot was charging for a comparable early version of the PackBot .
The Negotiator 's driving system also beat the PackBot 's , which at the time used two hockey - puck - like discs mounted on a console — a nonintuitive and complicated setup .
Early models of the Negotiator worked with a simple joystick .
Later ,
Ahed incorporated an ingenious puppet controller , similar to what doctors use to teleoperate surgical machines .
Pinch your fingers and the Negotiator 's claw pinches , too .
( The latest PackBot works with joysticks or a PlayStation - style D- pad . )
Ahed debuted the Negotiator at a trade show in April 2004 .
He made his first sale three months later , and a few months after that he sold six Negotiators to the Illinois State Police for about $ 20,000 each .
Then , in September 2005 , an iRobot sales rep saw a Negotiator at a police conference in Miami .
Like the PackBot , it was about 2 feet long and a foot wide , and it , too , had tanklike treads with ovoid flippers .
He could n't get his cell phone out fast enough .
" You 've got to look at this , quick , " he told Frost .
" This thing looks a hell of a lot like ours . "
Eventually , iRobot managed to buy a Negotiator through a third party .
Frost and his team were struck by how closely the wheels and treads resembled the PackBot's .
" It was upsetting , " Frost says .
" He worked for me .
We 'd been to each other 's homes .
Gotten our asses kicked in softball together . "
In February 2007 , iRobot 's lawyers sent a cease - and - desist letter to Ahed , demanding that he stop making and marketing the Negotiator .
Five months later , in July , the Army announced its biggest ground robot contract ever .
The so - called xBot deal would be worth up to $ 300 million and cover as many as 3,000 units — a surge .
Robots were already a familiar sight on battlefields .
In 2004 , the Defense Department had 162 robots in Iraq and Afghanistan ; in 2007 there were more than 5,000 , from a variety of vendors .
Most of the bots in the field were tiny — really just souped - up , radio - controlled toy trucks with cameras attached .
But the Army wanted to deploy robots tough enough for combat conditions .
And with the number of IEDs spiking , they wanted the machines yesterday .
The first 101 would be due six months after the contract was awarded .
Overseeing the contract was a Marine colonel named Ed Ward at the Robotic Systems Joint Project Office in Redstone Arsenal , Alabama .
A former helicopter pilot and business consultant , Ward was famous for establishing a cheap , reliable repair shop for bomb - handling robots in Iraq in just a few weeks .
He wanted to bring that same kind of economy and speed to the robots themselves , and he thought $ 120,000 a pop for the upgraded , fully loaded PackBot was a lot to pay .
" Look , if I see something strange down the road and I want to take a look at it , I do n't need all the bells and whistles , " Ward says .
" I just need mobility and a good camera . "
Rather than go through a months - long bidding process , the JPO announced a drive - off , a sort of robot ropes course , to be held in August .
And to bring prices down , the Army would then hold a reverse auction , encouraging sellers to underbid each other .
For iRobot , this was a crucial opportunity , a chance to get a bigger , more lucrative foothold in the military market .
At first glance , the company seemed to have every advantage over the competition .
The xBot specs called for a robot weighing 50 pounds or less that could hurdle obstacles and scope out potential bombs .
The PackBot was just a few pounds over and could already do all that .
But when iRobot 's people started digging into the details of the contract , they were spooked .
" Our initial reaction was , whaaaat ? "
Frost says .
The request for proposals did n't mention reliability , even though the machines were destined for Iraq and Afghanistan .
The reverse auction did n't make sense to them , either .
" It 's not unusual for a commodity like road salt , where price is the only discriminant , " says Joe Dyer , a retired vice admiral who now oversees iRobot 's government business .
" But a tightly integrated technology ?
If there 's a precedent , I 'm unaware of it . "
iRobot 's Tom Frost felt betrayed by his ex-colleague : " He worked for me .
We 'd been to each other 's homes . "
Photo : Rainer Hosch
The company plowed ahead , eventually entering two machines — a modified PackBot and a model tailored for the Future Combat Systems program .
There were so many modifications to be made , like switching to off - the - shelf encoders , gears , and cameras , that engineers began working around - the - clock shifts .
In August , Frost and his crew flew to Huntsville , Alabama , home of the JPO and the site of the drive - off .
They tipped the beds over in one of their hotel rooms and converted the place into a makeshift repair shop .
Race day began with a weigh - in and a quick inspection .
Soldiers confiscated the engineers ' cell phones and cameras to make sure that they could n't contact ( or even see ) any of the other competitors .
They led the PackBot crew into the 104 - degree Alabama summer heat and onto the test track , an old firing range ringed with hills .
Each robot was allowed 90 minutes to complete the course .
The PackBot followed a zigzagging series of green flags against grassy fields — a challenge for electronic eyes — and identified mock IEDs in trash piles along the way .
It barreled across sandpits , gravel , and rock .
Sitting in 6 inches of water , the robot lifted a 5 - pound simulated pipe bomb and spun it around , showing how well its arm could move .
It then drove up a ramp and into the back of a tractor - trailer , where it picked out coat hangers , bowling pins , and rocket launchers amid the shadows .
Finally , the PackBot had to show how fast it could sprint — and how slow it could creep along .
" That was the worst part , " says PackBot driver John Souliere .
" As the clock is ticking down , we 're watching it go as slowly as it can . "
But the bot made it with 12 minutes to spare .
Frost and his team returned to Boston exhausted and triumphant .
And the Negotiator ?
Ahed and his representatives rebuffed requests for comment ( about this and every other aspect of this story ) .
In fact , no one will describe the Negotiator 's performance on the record : Army officials wo n't even reveal how many teams competed in the xBot trial .
But emails recovered from one of Ahed 's hard drives say that the Negotiator lost power before it finished the course .
Ahed apparently swapped out the battery and asked for a retest .
He got it , and the Negotiator completed the course .
A few days later , an official told Frost 's crew that they'd have to run the course again .
One of the tests relied too much on knowledge of military gear , he said .
That was odd — how much wartime experience do you need to distinguish a rocket launcher from a bowling pin ?
Frost piled his team back on the plane , but bad weather grounded them in DC .
They rented a car and sped down to Alabama .
The shape and sequence of the test course had been slightly rearranged .
This time , the PackBot finished with 40 minutes left on the clock .
Meanwhile , as Frost 's team was packing to return to Alabama for this second audition , iRobot 's lawyers emailed Ahed to notify him of their lawsuits filed in Alabama and Massachusetts for patent and trade secret theft .
The following morning , a Saturday , the private investigators snapped the pictures of Ahed 's dumpster run .
Ahed spent the rest of that weekend scrubbing files from his hard drives and destroying the CD - ROMs he had collected from the office .
Many of them contained information about early Negotiator designs .
He fed so many CDs into the shredder , it finally gave out .
He bought a second one .
On Monday , August 20 , a district court judge in Alabama issued a temporary restraining order against Robotic FX , demanding that it preserve " all evidence , information , data , and documents . "
The next day , iRobot 's lawyers showed up at Robotic FX 's office , US marshals in tow .
They searched the office , then Ahed 's parents ' house , and finally headed to Hill 's apartment in Chicago .
Ahed and Hill got there first , barely , and went in through the back door .
Hill let the marshals in the front while Ahed ran to the bedroom .
His laptop was there , its screen displaying a message that the hard drive had been wiped clean .
He unplugged it , put it in a case , and slid the case underneath the bed .
Then he went to the living room , where the marshals were asking Hill where the computers were .
She did n't mention the laptop .
They found it anyway .
And with that , iRobot figured the competition to supply the Army 's unmanned surge was over .
Sure , the xBot contract was supposed to go to the lowest bidder , in theory .
But the iRobot team was certain the military would n't give the contract to a " gentleman of such questionable deportment , " as Dyer told me .
For that matter , how was Ahed going to make 3,000 robots anyway ?
" We were very , very suspect of our competitor 's ability to produce both quantity and quality , " Dyer says .
" So we decided , we 're not going to underbid a six - person company working out of Dad 's dental shop . "
iRobot made what it considered a reasonable offer : $ 286 million .
Ahed entered what he must have thought was an opening counterbid : $ 285 million .
iRobot did n't bother to respond .
On September 14 , 2007 , the Army awarded the five - year xBot contract to Ahed for $ 279.9 million ( Ahed knocked off the extra $ 5.1 million to sweeten the deal ) .
i Robot went into battle mode .
The company filed official protests with the Army and petitioned the Massachusetts judge for a preliminary injunction to put the brakes on the xBot contract .
The Army fought back .
Ward argued that there were too many bombs going off in Iraq to stop things now .
" The number one cause of Soldier and Marine casualties are IEDs , and this system allows the Soldier and Marine to complete their mission while keeping them out of harm 's way , " he wrote to the Massachusetts court .
" Without the xBot , the combat units will suffer additional casualties . "
On September 24 , Ahed took the stand in US district court in Boston .
He admitted to sweeping his office for old discs and circuit boards — because he no longer wanted " to have any iRobot memorabilia " lying around .
Oh , and also because of his concern that he was being followed : " I was afraid someone was going to come and take them . "
Military brass did n't buy it .
On October 23 , Joanne Byrd , a contracting officer with the Army , concluded that there were " questions regarding the award " and that a " reassessment " of Robotic FX was necessary .
The bid was officially frozen .
The next week , judge Nancy Gertner granted iRobot a preliminary injunction and ordered the suit to go to trial .
She mostly ignored the question of whether the Negotiator 's tracks were rip -offs of the PackBot 's , focusing instead on Ahed 's " highly suspect " behavior .
In mid-December , the Army canceled the Robotic FX contract and handed the deal to iRobot for $ 286 million .
And that , it seemed , was that .
The robot thief got his due .
Soldiers would have their machines .
iRobot got the contract .
" This had more twists and turns than a John Grisham novel , " Dyer says .
" But now it 's done . "
Except the story has one more potboiler twist .
Yes , Jameel
Ahed almost stopped his former bosses from getting an important military contract , and he probably used some of their designs to do it .
He certainly tried to destroy evidence to that effect .
But why he thought he could get away with it has an explanation that was barely mentioned in court .
Ward had been a Negotiator fan since June 2006 , smitten by its easy - to - use controller , its sharp - eyed camera , and , of course , its minuscule price tag .
" It changed the whole perspective on what robots could cost .
This was dramatically different , an order of magnitude different , from what we had seen , " one military official says .
" It had the potential of changing the whole landscape of robotics . "
The JPO ordered several of the machines just to play around with , though it would n't agree to a later request from Robotic FX that the government protect the company from future patent lawsuits .
In meetings with robot makers , military officials liked to bring up the Negotiator — and its price .
" They absolutely used it as a club against us , " a former iRobot employee says .
When the xBot competition came along , that club turned into a sledgehammer .
The xBot specs essentially asked for a smaller , lighter , stripped - down PackBot — in other words , a Negotiator .
The reverse auction put a premium on low cost .
It was as if the specs had been written for Ahed .
Yet to iRobot , Ahed did n't seem like much of a threat .
The company had swatted away knockoffs before .
And how could Ahed hope to fill the Pentagon 's robot needs from his father 's basement ?
Some iRobot employees hung pictures of the Negotiator around the office as objects of ridicule .
What iRobot did n't know was that Ahed had a partner .
In court , Ahed admitted that a large defense contractor had " helped us with some components " and a bit of cash .
In truth , the relationship between the two companies — not to mention their relationship with the military — went much deeper .
In return for an interview with an executive of that defense contractor , I agreed not to name him or the company .
I can say that the firm is big enough to make robots in quantity — something iRobot had only barely figured out how to do after years of supplying the government .
The executive wanted the infantry robotics contract badly ; delivering robots to soldiers was an opportunity for decades of steady cash .
" We needed that product , " he tells me .
The company did n't have a robot that could run the Alabama course .
Meanwhile , Ward , the Army robot expert , continued to talk up the Negotiator .
" He kept asking us whether we had taken a look at this robot , that it was a damn good piece of kit , " the executive says .
Ward denies that he asked any executive to team up with Ahed .
That would have been against the rules , and anyway he did n't have to .
" Eventually , you figure out for yourself where things lie , " the executive says .
In mid-June , he flew out to meet with Ahed .
A month later , when the xBot contract was formally announced , he went back for a personal demo in Ahed 's basement workshop .
At first , the executive was horrified at this " dungeon . "
Then he gave the robot a try .
Ahed laid a quarter on a table .
The executive put his hand into the puppet controller , pinched his fingers , picked up the coin with the Negotiator 's claw , and dropped the quarter into his shirt pocket .
No other robot on the market was this easy to handle or this agile .
" A first - time user — picking up a goddamn quarter ! " the executive shouts .
" That 's when I knew : I wanted that robot . "
He proposed a deal .
Ahed would move out of the basement and into a facility befitting a big - time military supplier .
If he won the xBot competition , the executive 's firm would buy Robotic FX and use its own , larger assembly lines to crank out robots by the hundreds .
And iRobot would n't be able to underbid , because the Negotiator was so cheap to make .
It would be a triple win :
The government got bomb spotters cheap enough to outfit the whole infantry , Ahed got rich , and the defense company got a giant new market .
Ahed agreed .
How could he not ?
Their arrangement might seem a little underhanded .
But in the world of defense contracting , it was business as usual — and depending on your perspective , kind of admirable .
Pentagon officials often write requirements for military gear with a particular company in mind .
( iRobot itself likely benefited from such tuned specs in earlier contracts . )
If anything , the rigid performance thresholds and reverse- auction format of the xBot deal made it fairer than many Pentagon awards .
" This is a case of trying to get the best product for the best price , " says Scott Amey , general counsel for the Project on Government Oversight , a nonprofit , nongovernmental organization that regularly investigates suspicious Pentagon deals .
" Tell me what 's wrong here . "
Of course , there is the not insignificant matter of the Negotiator 's treads — the ones that look so much like the PackBot's .
The executive and Ahed knew iRobot would come after them for patent infringement .
But they had a plan .
One line of their defense went like this : Because iRobot had developed the PackBot in part with money from the US military , its design could arguably be considered public property .
At the very least , debating such a claim could tie up a lawsuit in court for years .
" We were prepared to spend hundreds of thousands to defend ourselves , " the executive says .
And while the lawyers squabbled , the Army was ready to push ahead .
" This [ is ] a business issue between two companies and the government [ is ] not intending to become involved , " Ward emailed the two robot makers .
It almost worked .
" Jameel thought it was over .
He thought he could get this $ 300 million contract and there was nothing anyone else could do about it .
He thought his dreams were about to come true , " the executive says of Ahed .
" He was very naive about what the other players in the market would do . "
When
Ahed got the email from iRobot 's attorneys announcing the lawsuit , it could n't have been a surprise — he had received the cease - and - desist letter months earlier .
He and his partner discussed a media strategy in which Ahed would be portrayed as " the aggrieved party ... in a David vs. Goliath situation , " according to one recovered email .
Yet when marshals showed up at Ahed 's door , he called the executive in a frenzy .
" What should I do ? " he shrieked .
The man answered : Cooperate , no matter what .
Tell them absolutely everything .
Of course , Ahed responded .
Of course .
But he had already destroyed evidence , giving iRobot the ammunition it needed to undermine Ahed 's credibility and get the deal scuttled .
iRobot has delivered the first few dozen machines to Alabama , and the company expects to fulfill its initial obligation of 101 robots this month .
In all , under the terms of the contract , iRobot could provide up to 3,000 infantry robots over the next five years .
Ward , the xBot manager , has retired from the military .
The executive who hooked up with Ahed is still looking for a robot to crack the infantry market .
In December , iRobot settled with Ahed .
Under the terms of the agreement , he is barred from " competitive activities " in the robotics industry for five years and his venture was officially dissolved .
Its Web site now reads : " Robotic FX is no longer in business .
Certain residual assets are now owned by iRobot Corporation , the leader in small unmanned ground robots . "
In other words , iRobot can now use some of Ahed 's Negotiator designs .
And the thousands of robots that are supposed to accompany America 's future ground forces will almost certainly be built by iRobot .
Contributing editor Noah Shachtman wrote about network - centric warfare in issue 15.12 .
DIY Battle Bot ?
All You Need Is $ 742 Million and No Sense of Reality !
Heal a Robot , Go to War
How To Build Your Own War Bot
Gallery : Inside the Navy 's Armed - Robot Labs
10 Reasons I 'd Rather Marry a Robot
Getting a Grip : Building the Ultimate Robotic Hand
With reported benefits ranging from reducing the risk of cancer and diabetes to increased metabolism and mental clarity , green tea seems like the ultimate late night infomercial snake oil product .
However scientific research tends to support the anecdotal stories that green tea is truly a boon to overall health on many fronts .
Reduced Risks of Cancer
The consumption of green tea has long been prescribed in Eastern cultures for general medicinal purposes .
Recent research has proved strong evidence that green tea can reduce the risk of lung , prostate , and breast cancer .
Green tea is rich in catechin polyphenols and the antioxidant epigallocatechin gallate ( EGCG ) , both of which have been shown in clinical studies to have cancer fighting properties .
A recent study was conducted by the U.S. National Cancer Institute that showed animals on a diet supplemented with catechin polyphenols experienced a reduction in the number and size of tumors .
The catechin was observed to inactivate oxidants before cell damage occurred , thus reducing the effects of the cancerous tumors .
Another study conducted at Kyushu University in Japan demonstrated that growth of human lung cancer was significantly reduced by the consumption of EGCG .
Clever , very clever .
New York artist Peter Coffin teamed with London interactive architect Dominic Harris to launch a " UFO " of their own design earlier this month .
The airborne mystery pod produced shock and awe among citizens of a small town last week when it hovered , lights aglow , in Gdansk , Poland .
Dubbed Peter Coffin ’s UFO Project , the 23 - foot aluminum saucer incorporates 3,000 LED nodes controlled by a solid - state computer , according to Harris , head of Cinimod Studio .
" On board , a 6 Kw generator provides the system power , " he said .
" The overall UFO can be remotely controlled via SMS messaging . "
All we know is , the thing looks pretty damn cool ( video embedded ) .
Photo : Michal Szlaga
[ via pixelsumo.com ]
See also :
This document details the schedule and roadmap towards Django 1.0 .
All the details are below , but here 's the executive summary :
We want to ship bug - free , so we 'll dedicate as much of our time to bug stomping as possible .
This means that feature requests will need to be deferred .
Any additional database backends .
Again , the overhead in integrating a new database backend is too much .
These will need to remain external backends until after 1.0 .
Any other additions to django. contrib .
Though there are many nice candidates out there , we simply do n't have time to roll them into Django in time for a release .
We 'll come up with a " contrib process " post - 1.0 and start looking at this then .
Aggregation support .
Although this is a Summer of Code project that 's looking very promising , the timeline for SoC wo n't fit with the aggressive schedule we 're setting for 1.0 .
Further , it 's a " dangerous " change in that it modifies parts of Django 's query engine , and that needs to be rock - solid for a 1.0 release .
Unfortunately , the only way to get this done is to say no a lot .
Let 's start now :
Again , these are features that should be in 1.0 .
In most cases , they 're actively being worked on by members of the development community and simply need focus by committers ( more about how that process will work below ) .
This simply involves fixing ticket # 285 .
We 've delayed doing this to avoid the backwards - incompatible change , but we must make this change before 1.0 .
( Committed in [ 8015 ] . )
django.contrib.comments still uses oldforms as well , but is a bit of a special case .
Nothing in Django 1.0 should rely on the deprecated oldforms package .
We 'll need to replace oldforms usage in generic views , and in django.contrib.auth .
( Committed in [ 8616 ] . )
It 's clear from discussion on this list that most consider a release without newforms - admin to be a bad idea .
( Committed in [ 7967 ] . )
" No " features : things that specifically will not be in 1.0 , and which we 'll ask developers not to focus on .
We need to trim down to hit dates , after all .
" Maybe " features : things that should be in 1.0 and should be worked on in the run up to the release .
If , however , features on this list are n't completed , they will be dropped .
This of course means that these features are the " A " features , and we 'll ask anyone who can help to focus on these features first .
Must - haves : features that , if not completed , are worth delaying the release .
That is , if the work on this list is not completed by a release date , we 'll push the date .
The primary reason we 've not yet released 1.0 is the long feature wish - list .
We need to balance this list of features against the need for a timely release and speedy process .
To that end , we 'll categorize all the features of 1.0 thusly :
All the releases until 1.0 will be " snapshot " releases : we wo n't be backporting fixes -- even security fixes -- but will just be fixing bugs in the next release .
We will hold development sprints in between each release to focus on the next release .
At least one -- and hopefully only one -- release candidate .
The candidate release will mark a total freeze ( as well as a string freeze for translators ) ; only outright bug fixes will be accepted past this point .
All " maybe " features must be completed by the first beta ; after that , Django will enter feature freeze for about a month while we kill bugs .
An alpha release containing all must - have features , but likely not bug - free .
We 'll push hard to have all the must - haves done in time for ample testing .
Each feature on the list ( both " must - have " and " maybe " ) will have a " lieutenant " ( to steal of term from the Linux community ) and a committer assigned .
It 's OK if this is the same person , but the idea is that one committer can keep an eye and commit from patches from a number of trusted lieutenants .
In most cases , the features on the todo list have obvious lieutenants ; we 'll need to assign missing ones and also committers .
See VersionOneFeatures for the current list of lieutenants and committers .
James , as the release manager , will be in charge of keeping the schedule .
He 'll keep track of who 's working on what issues so that bug reports can be efficiently routed ; he 'll also nag , cajole and ( if necessary ) berate developers who are in danger of missing deadlines .
Once 1.0 is out we 'll appoint a " version manager " .
This person will be responsible for maintaining the 1.0 release series , which means backporting security fixes and " important " bugs and releasing 1.0.1 , etc .
Similarly , we 'll appoint a 0.96 version manger who will do the same with 0.96 .
We 'll continue to support 0.96 until 1.1 ships .
With the 1.0 release , however , we will stop support 0.95 and earlier .
This is somewhat flexible ; if someone has a stake in one of those older versions we 'll happily let them continue to maintain those releases , but if nobody steps up the core team wo n't be able to do it .
INTERNATIONAL CORPORATE CENTRE
With our locations on St Stephens Green , Harcourt Street , and Northumberland Road , renting office space and meeting rooms has never been easier with our flexibility and affordability .
Excellent location unmatched in Dublin , the International Corporate Centre provides beautiful serviced office and meeting room facilities in Dublin 2 .
Our professional service , prestigious location and high - end building fit out provide clients with the perfect working environment .
It is our aim to provide the highest standards of service and to always deliver on the services we provide .
SERVICED OFFICE SUITES
We offer companies and individuals the flexibility and scalability to grow with our office suites .
Our centre offers a unique all inclusive service which allows clients to accurately budget all their monthly expenditure and avoid any hidden costs .
Our fully furnished office suites are inclusive of all monthly bills , including a full time receptionist on site .
We also offer a vast range of professional business support services .
FLEXIBLE OFFICE SPACE TO LET
We have everything your business needs in our luxurious office designs and spacious bright settings .
Our serviced offices range in size from smaller one person offices to large office spaces and blend the old Georgian features with the latest state - of - the - art IT and telephony systems .
We price per office space not per person so you can have as many desks as you desire at no additional cost .
PRESENTATION FACILITIES
Our presentation facilities will make a lasting impression and keep your audience focused during a meeting or presentation .
Make a real statement of intent with our beautifully furnished meeting room and presentation facilities .
Our luxury meeting rooms are available to hire at a very reasonable hourly , daily or monthly rate .
Presentation rooms to Rent
With our facilities , you can be sure they are designed to ensure your success during a presentation .
Our presentation rooms offer the latest technology , high speed internet and cosy relaxed seating for your skilled workforce focused .
The boardrooms are very spacious and have everything you would need for your presentations including all modern IT equipment .
Our large boardroom can cater for up to 14 people and the smaller rooms for up to 8 people .
Our rates are very competitive and start from just € 30 per hour .
You can book with our user friendly online booking system through our meetings booker where all rooms are for rent at very affordable prices and will meet all your business requirements .
If you require any assistant on site , our team are always available to help you .
Temporary Office Space D2
Temporary office space is that extra and additional space available to you for short term notice and is usually more flexible towards your requirements .
The temporary office space we let in D2 is generally on a short - term lease from 3 , 6 , 9 , or 12 months .
Our long - term leases are normally associated with a traditional office and will give the businesses more flexibility if they wish to make their businesses bigger or smaller .
Most companies that offer temporary office space are more flexible in their rental leases , compared to conventional offices that may need furniture , extra equipment , and stricter leases .
A lot of clients would then be able to have to shared services at reduced costs , such as business machines , resources and reception services .
Give International Corporate Centre a call to find out more information .
Last updated at 18:25 21 March 2008
Life can have its little irritations when you 're cruising around the world on your £ 100 million superyacht .
For example , the endless vista of clear blue sea fails to provide much greenery to ease the eye - apart from the odd tropical island .
Scroll down for more ...
As good as it gets :
The ' gigayacht ' , complete with tree - filled garden and swimming pool
For the owner of a forthcoming craft named WallyIsland , however , this will not be a problem .
For he , or she , will have a personal ocean - going garden .
The 325 ft - long yacht is to feature a growing area with shrubbery and flower beds , kept healthy by an irrigation system .
Scroll down for more ...
An artists 's impression of the onboard garden - a revolutionary concept in luxury yachts
It will also have a tennis court , pool and five accommodation decks including a main saloon , dining room , library , cinema , spa and fitness area .
The fuel tanks are so large that they allow for five years of cruising without having to stop for a fill - up .
Its designer , Monaco - based Wally Yachts , is known for coming up with unconventional ideas and is already in negotiations with a potential buyer .
The term megayacht has already been used for private vessels more than 220 ft long .
However , WallyIsland - which is 59ft across and at half load weighs 2,730 tons , is considered to be in a class of its own and so earns the name " gigayacht " .
Wally 's Monica Paolazzi said the vessel , an artist 's impression of which is above , would fulfil the dream of someone who wanted to " live comfortably on board like on their own estate " .
Scroll down for more ...
The yacht can carry enough fuel to cruise for FIVE years
She added : " This is a yacht where you have a piece of land that you can use to play your favourite sport , to grow your favourite plants , to enjoy your favourite outdoor activity .
" This will appeal to someone who wants to be completely independent .
No other yachts offer this kind of garden . "
The buyer will be able to specify the exact foliage required before building is completed .
Because of its huge 1,000 square metre deck space , which is finished in teak , the Wally Island design differs from that of traditional super - yachts in that it is constructed more like a tanker .
Although the makers are refusing to disclose a price for the extraordinary vessel , it is believed that this industrial method of construction will bring the cost down to a " competitive " figure of around £ 100 million .
Wally Island includes sleeping quarters for up to 40 crew and 24 guests as well as the owner 's suites .
It holds 750,000 litres of fuel , enabling it to stay out of port for 15,000 nautical miles .
The aft deck holds two 45ft motor yachts , as well as space for two 27ft sailing yachts , two cars and water - toys including six jetskis .
Klares " Jein " zu Bushs Amtsenthebung Hermann Ploppa
Wieder einmal ist ein Antrag auf Amtsenthebung des US - Präsidenten George Bush in einem Parlamentsausschuss beerdigt worden
Der Abgeordnete Dennis Kucinich aus dem Bundesstaat
Ohio hatte viele gute Gründe zusammengetragen , um vor dem Repräsentantenhaus des Washingtoner Kongresses am Montag , dem 9 . Juni seinen Antrag zu formulieren .
In einem Marathon von annähernd fünf Stunden führte der stets übernächtigt wirkende Kucinich in 35 Anklagepunkten aus , warum der Kongress den amtierenden Präsidenten der USA , George W. Bush , umgehend seines Amtes entheben solle .
Und da die Verfassung vorsieht , dass ein derart schwerwiegender Antrag den Abgeordneten zweimal zu Gehör gebracht werden muss , las in der Nacht auf den Dienstag ein einfacher Beamter des Hohen Hauses die Kucinich - Entschließung noch einmal vor .
Dennis Kucinich hatte bereits im November 2007 einen ähnlich lautenden Antrag auf Amtsenthebung gegen Bushs Stellvertreter Richard Cheney am gleichen Ort vorgetragen .
Damit hatte Kucinich auch sein Profil als Bewerber um die Präsidentschaftskandidatur bei den Demokraten geschärft .
Die Medien nämlich luden den Spielverderber daraufhin nicht mehr zu öffentlichkeitswirksamen Kandidatendebatten ein .
Die Verfassung der USA sieht in Fällen besonders schwerer Verstöße gegen die Verfassung durch einen Amtsinhaber die Amtsenthebung , das sog .
Impeachment , vor .
Das Unterhaus des Washingtoner Kongresses , das Repräsentantenhaus , muss mehrheitlich das Impeachment beschließen .
Dann stimmt das Oberhaus , der Senat , über die Amtsenthebung ab .
Wird im Senat das Impeachment beschlossen , ist der Amtsinhaber seinen Posten mit sofortiger Wirkung los .
Damit entfällt auch seine Immunität , und er kann zivil - und strafrechtlich verfolgt werden wie jeder andere Bürger auch .
1868 überstand der damalige Präsident Andrew Johnson ein Impeachment - Verfahren unbeschadet .
Richard Nixon kam seiner Amtsenthebung durch Rücktritt zuvor .
Und Bill Clinton überstand ein Impeachment - Verfahren , das die Republikaner wegen einer Sex - Affäre gegen ihn angestrengt hatten .
Allerdings wurde noch nie ein US - Präsident so schwerer Vergehen angeklagt wie jetzt George Bush in der Entschließung von Kucinich :
Was früher nur als Verschwörungstheoretiker gebrandmarkte Außenseiter öffentlich vermuten durften : Die Regierung Bush habe lange vorher von den Plänen für die Attacken vom 11 .
September 2001 durch Dossiers von Geheimdiensten gewusst .
Die Administration habe diese Attacken - quasi wohlwollend – auf New York und Washington zukommen sehen , um in der nachfolgenden Verstörung der Bevölkerung einen idealen Nährboden für völkerrechtswidrige und ungerechtfertigte Angriffskriege gegen souveräne Staaten vorzufinden .
Für den schon lange geplanten Angriffskrieg gegen den Irak habe die Bush - Regierung eine auf Fälschungen beruhende Verbindung zwischen Al Qaida und Saddam Hussein konstruiert .
Auch die Behauptung , der Irak verfüge über Massenvernichtungswaffen und stelle eine unmittelbare Bedrohung für die Sicherheit der USA dar , beruhe auf bewusst fabrizierten Fälschungen .
Völkerrechtswidrige Kriegsführung im Irak .
Verbrechen von privaten Subunternehmern der US - Regierung gegen die Bevölkerung des Irak .
Folter und Entführungen von unschuldigen Zivilisten durch private und staatliche Organe der USA .
Irreführung von Kongress und Bevölkerung über Bedrohungspotenziale , die von Iran ausgehen würden .
Vorbereitung eines Putsches gegen die iranische Regierung .
Rechtswidrige Bespitzelung der eigenen Bevölkerung .
Manipulation von Wahlen .
Unterlassung geeigneter Hilfsmaßnahmen bei der Katastrophe infolge des Hurrikan Katrina .
Verletzung der Verfassung durch Nichtbeachtung der Posse Comitatus - Regelung .
Laut Posse Comitatus dürfen Mitglieder der Streitkräfte keine polizeilichen Befugnisse innerhalb der USA ausüben .
Amtsanmaßung des Präsidenten durch exzessiven Gebrauch des Signing Statement .
Soll heißen : Wenn der Präsident ein Gesetz , das der Kongress beschlossen hat , unterzeichnet , fügt er , seit George Bush dem Älteren in zunehmendem Maße , dem Gesetz eine schriftliche eigene Auslegung bei , und biegt damit allzu oft den Inhalt des Gesetzes nach seinem Gusto um .
Vorsätzliche Zerschlagung des staatlichen Gesundheitsdienstes Medicare .
Die Kongressabgeordneten wollen sich auch selbst schützen
Dass im Kongress ungerügt gesagt werden darf , der amtierende Präsident bediene sich „ verbrecherischer “ Methoden , wäre sicher unmittelbar nach 9/11 , bei Zustimmungsraten von 80 % für Präsident Bush , nicht denkbar gewesen .
Der demokratische Abgeordnete Robert Wexler aus Florida , unterstützte Kucinichs Antrag : „ Eine Entscheidung des Kongresses , die Amtsenthebung zu betreiben , ist nicht nur eine Möglichkeit .
Unser Eid verpflichtet uns dazu . “
Und : in aller Freundlichkeit und ohne jede Debatte beschloss das Repräsentantenhaus mit 251 zu 166 Stimmen , die bissige Resolution an den Rechtsausschuss ( Judiciary Committee ) weiterzuleiten , wo sie , wie Washington Post - Kommentator Dana Milbank ebenso zutreffend wie süffisant vermerkte , „ eines stillen Todes versterben wird . “
Keine Anhörungen im Judiciary Committee sind für die restliche Legislaturperiode geplant – und in der nächsten Periode ist George Bush sowieso nicht mehr im Amt .
Was soll also das ganze Spektakel ?
Zeigt sich hier das ganze Ausmaß der Doppelmoral US - amerikanischer Parlamentarier ?
Die Chefin der demokratischen Mehrheitsfraktion im Kongress , Nancy Pelosi , hielt von Anfang an nichts von Versuchen , Bush und Cheney unehrenhaft aus dem
Amt zu jagen : „ Was ich von Anfang an gesagt habe , ist , dass wir das Land zusammenführen wollen .
Es war meine Überzeugung , dass eine Amtsenthebung des Vizepräsidenten oder des Präsidenten das Land in hohem Maß spalten würde . “
Versöhnen statt spalten ?
Ist das der Wille der Wähler ?
Zunächst einmal wollen die Parlamentarier offensichtlich ihre Hände in Unschuld waschen .
Immer deutlicher zeichnet sich nämlich ab , dass die Regierung unter dem Gespann Bush und Cheney wohl als die korrupteste und unfähigste Regierung der USA aller Zeiten in die Geschichtsbücher eingehen wird .
Bislang wurde dieser Titel der 1920 ins Amt gekommenen Regierung unter Präsident Warren Gamaliel Harding zuerkannt .
Harding entging dereinst einem Impeachment - Verfahren durch eigenes frühzeitiges und plötzliches Versterben nach dem Genuss eines offensichtlich nicht ganz verträglichen Mittagessens .
Im Falle von George Bush dem Jüngeren werden sich die Parlamentarier auch mit der Kucinich - Entschließung nicht von der Schuld reinwaschen können , sämtliche schwerwiegenden Entscheidungen des Präsidenten mit großen Mehrheiten mitgetragen zu haben .
Um so wichtiger ist es von daher aus Sicht der Kongressabgeordneten , wenn durch den Impeachment - Antrag in den Congressional Records , den wuchtigen Dokumentenbüchern des Parlaments , festgehalten wird , dass die parlamentarischen Abnickungen der Bush - Verfehlungen durch dessen vorsätzliche Täuschungsmanöver zustandegekommen seien .
Ob bei der mit manipulierten Dokumenten „ bewiesenen “ Existenz von Massenvernichtungswaffen im Irak , mit großen Gesten vorgetragen von Außenminister Colin Powell vor der UN - Vollversammlung ; oder ob bei der rasch widerlegten Behauptung , Saddam Hussein und das Terrornetzwerk Al Qaida hätten eine ominöse Nuklear - Connection im Niger unterhalten :
Mit der Kucinich - Resolution stehen die Abgeordneten nun nicht mehr als willige Helfer , sondern als Opfer einer geschickt eingefädelten Verschwörung der Exekutive da .
Druck aus der Bevölkerung
Zum anderen müssen gerade die Abgeordneten der Demokratischen Partei ihren Wählern erklären , warum sie nicht alles in ihrer Macht Stehende unternehmen , um das Bush - Cheney - Tandem auf legale Weise aus dem Amt zu entfernen .
Seit 2005 zeigen Meinungsumfragen von Instituten unterschiedlichster politischer Couleur ein stabiles Segment von mindestens 35 % der US - Bevölkerung , die eine Amtsenthebung von Bush fordern .
Und noch viel mehr US - Bürger wünschen die legale Entmachtung von Vizepräsident Cheney .
Zeitweise erreichen die Impeachment - Befürworter Anteile oberhalb der 50 % .
Und die Leute antworten nicht bloß auf Telefonumfragen .
Impeachment hat Bewegungscharakter angenommen .
Die Gruppe Vote to Impeach hat für eine Petition über eine Million Unterschriften gesammelt .
Text der Petition und Vorgehensweise dieser Bürgerrechtsgruppe sind beeinflusst von dem ehemaligen Justizminister unter Lyndon Johnson , Ramsey Clark .
Vote to Impeach lässt auch nach der Entsorgung der Kucinich - Resolution nicht locker .
Der Vorsitzende des Judiciary Committee , John Conyers , wird zur Zeit mit Anrufen und Briefen von Aktivisten bedrängt , ab dem 4 .
Juli Anhörungen für ein Bush - Impeachment einzuleiten .
Am 11 .
Juni überreichten die Veterans for Peace Conyers bereits 22.000 Unterschriften von ehemaligen Soldaten der US - Streitkräfte für eine Amtsenthebung von Bush und Cheney .
Conyers hatte bereits im Jahre 2005 Abgeordnete in seinem Büro versammelt , um die Möglichkeiten eines Impeachment - Verfahrens auszuloten .
Auch in den folgenden Jahren machte Conyers immer wieder zage Versuche , ein Impeachment auf den Weg zu bringen .
Dann ließ seine Energie auf diesem Sektor nach , und heute hat Conyers nicht die Absicht , Kucinich zu unterstützen .
Am 8 . Dezember 2006 beantragte die Abgeordnete Cynthia McKinney mit der House Resolution 1106 offiziell die Amtsenthebung von Bush und Cheney ( Politik aus dem Ärmel ) .
Da dies jedoch die letzte Parlamentssitzung in der ablaufenden Legislaturperiode war , blieb auch diese Aktion nur eine symbolische Geste .
Vollversammlungen der Demokraten in einzelnen Bundesstaaten verabschiedeten gelegentlich Resolutionen zur Amtsenthebung von Bush .
So geschehen 2006 in New Mexico und 2007 in Kalifornien und Massachusetts .
Zudem haben einzelne Gemeinderäte Impeachment - Resolutionen verabschiedet .
Die Leute draußen im Lande möchten nichts lieber , als dass das peinliche Kapitel der Bush - Präsidentschaft eher gestern als morgen abgeschlossen ist .
Die regelmäßig ermittelten Umfrage - Ergebnisse zu Bushs Amtsführung , die sog .
Approval Rates , zeigen 2008 eine Umkehrung der Ergebnisse von 2001 .
Im Mai dieses Jahres fanden 28 % der befragten US - Bürger , Präsident Bush mache seinen Job gut .
69 % missbilligen Bushs Amtsführung .
Bushs Wirtschaftspolitik finden sogar nur 23 % gut , während 71 % sie schlecht finden .
Und je mehr sich die Bush - Ära ihrem Ende zuneigt , um so größer ist die Zuversicht der Befragten , dass sich die wirtschaftlichen Verhältnisse im nächsten Jahr bessern werden , wenn Bush zum Polit - Rentner mutiert ist .
Warnung vor einem Angriff auf Iran
Nicht nur einfache US - Bürger und ihre Abgeordneten denken angestrengt darüber nach , Bush loszuwerden .
Die Aussicht , dass Bush in den letzten Monaten seiner Präsidentschaft womöglich auch noch einen Krieg mit dem Iran anfangen könnte , erzeugt bei Routiniers des außenpolitischen Establishments ein Schaudern .
Zbigniew Brzezinski , dereinst Sicherheitsberater von Präsident Jimmy Carter und seitdem Chef und Mastermind der weltumspannenden Trilateral Commission , hat in den letzten Jahren Attacken gegen die Bush - Administration gefahren , die man in Ton und Inhalt eher von linksliberalen Außenseitern wie Mike Whitney oder Noam Chomsky zu hören bekommt .
In der Washington Post wetterte Brzezinski , mit dem Mantra - artig runtergebeteten Satz vom Krieg gegen den Terror habe Bush die Nation tief gespalten und eine „ Kultur der Furcht “ durch „ fortgesetzte nationale Gehirnwäsche “ betrieben und auf diese Weise eine selbstzerstörerische Eigendynamik in Gang gesetzt .
Um die Profite einer von Bush geförderten Sicherheitsindustrie immer weiter zu steigern , müssten mit gesetzmäßiger Zwangsläufigkeit immer neue , noch schrecklichere Bedrohungsszenarien fabriziert werden : „ Das gibt der Präsentation von glaubwürdig [ erscheinenden ]
Szenarien von immer noch entsetzlicheren Gewaltakten eine herausragende Bedeutung , manchmal sogar gespickt mit Blaupausen zur Ausführung [ der Gewaltakte ] . “
Die Spirale des Bush - Krieges erzeuge eine „ Belagerungsmentalität “ .
Eine Hetze gegen Araber greife um sich wie bei den Nazis gegen die Juden .
Bürgerrechte blieben auf der Strecke .
In einem weiteren Artikel im Mai dieses Jahres warnt Brzezinski noch einmal eindringlich vor einem Militärschlag gegen Iran und vor den Folgen einer konfrontativen Haltung gegen dieses Land : „ Das Durcheinander , das im Mittleren Osten nach einem präventiven Erstschlag gegen Iran entstehen würde , würde auch die USA und letztendlich Israel schaden ...
Schließlich und endlich bedenke man , dass amerikanische Sanktionen bewusst die Bemühungen des Iran untergraben haben , seine Öl - und Erdgaslieferungen zu steigern . “
Mitglieder des einflussreichen Council on Foreign Relations wie z.B. Joseph
Nye bezichtigen das Bush / Cheney - Gespann des „ Unilateralismus “ 1 Soll heißen : die Bushisten agieren in der Weltpolitik ohne Rückfrage bei ihren Verbündeten .
Ein mühsam in Jahrezehnten eingefädeltes Bündnissystem wurde in nur acht Jahren komplett zertrampelt .
So nehmen jetzt auch Netzwerker diesseits des Atlantiks kein Blatt mehr vor den Mund .
Ob Hans - Dietrich Genscher , ob Egon Bahr , ob Eckart von Klaeden : sie alle „ weinen dem scheidenden Präsidenten keine Träne mehr nach “ .
Wenn Präsident Bush die letzten Monate seiner Amtszeit tatsächlich noch nutzen sollte , um die USA in einem eskalierten Krieg gegen den Iran zu stürzen , so kann ihn davon eigentlich niemand mehr abhalten .
Denn es waren gerade Netzwerker aus dem Council on Foreign Relations , die seit dem Ende des Zweiten Weltkrieges die repräsentative Demokratie der USA in ein Präsidialregime umgewandelt haben .
Paul Nitze , Dean Acheson oder auch Allan Dulles haben den Kalten Krieg genutzt , um dem Präsidenten den Nationalen Sicherheitsrat zur Seite zu stellen .
De facto ein Geheimkabinett , das nur dem Präsidenten Rechenschaft schuldig ist .
Eine Reihe von Notstandsgesetzen haben dem Präsidenten der USA eine Allmacht verschafft , die für eine Demokratie sehr ungewöhnlich ist , wie bereits 1973 der investigative Journalist Morton Mintz in Newsweek feststellte2 : „ Wie vielen Amerikanern ist eigentlich bewusst , dass ein [ US -]
Präsident aus seiner ganz eigenen Initiative heraus einen Nuklearangriff veranlassen kann – dass nicht einmal die Sowjetunion oder China eine solche endgültige Entscheidungsgewalt einem einzigen Mann zugestehen würden ? “
Der Impeachment - Antrag wird wohl im Rechtsausschuss ungestört vor sich hin schimmeln .
Damit ist vermutlich die letzte Gelegenheit vertan , den amtierenden Präsidenten auf legale Weise daran zu hindern , seine außergewöhnlichen Machtbefugnisse in verhängnisvoller Weise auszuüben .
Man betet offenbar stattdessen , dass George Bush in den letzten Monaten seiner Amtszeit nicht noch neue selbstmörderische Abenteuer anzetteln möge .
( Hermann Ploppa )
Antibacterial wipes can still spread bacteria
A new study by a team of researchers at the Welsh School of Pharmacy , Cardiff University , Wales , UK , has found that antimicrobial - containing wipes currently used to decontaminate surfaces in hospitals can spread pathogens after first use .
The research highlights concerns as to the suitability of the wipes currently being deployed and the importance of a routine surveillance program in reducing risks of infection to patients .
The research , conducted by Dr. Gareth Williams at the Welsh School of Pharmacy , Cardiff University , Wales , UK , and supported by a grant from the Wales Office of research and Development for Health and Social Care ( WORD ) , is being presented June 3 , 2008 at the 108th General Meeting of the American Society for Microbiology ( ASM ) in Boston .
Antimicrobial - containing wipes are increasingly being used to decontaminate surfaces in hospitals .
Many studies have reported on the ability of Staphylococcus aureus to contaminate and persist in the hospital environment .
Germicides are commonly used on hard surfaces in hospitals to kill bacteria .
The research posed the question – ‘ Are we confident that these organisms are susceptible to the germicides used in our hospitals " ’
The study identified the need for a test which could thoroughly examine the ability of commonly used wipes to disinfect surfaces .
As such , a robust 3 - step protocol to assess the ability of wipes to remove , kill and prevent the transfer of bacteria between surfaces was subsequently developed .
Using the 3 - step method the study examined the ability of several commercially available wipes to disinfect surfaces contaminated with Staphylococcus aureus , including Methicillin - resistant Staphylococcus aureus ( MRSA ) .
The results showed that some wipes can remove higher numbers of bacteria from surfaces than others .
However , the wipes tested were unable to kill the bacteria that they removed .
As a result , they transferred high numbers of bacteria to other surfaces .
Our work suggests that if these wipes encounter highly contaminated surfaces in practice , the survival of bacteria on the wipe material could lead to the cross-contamination of other surfaces if used more than once .
' New Yorker ' cover angers Obama campaign RAW STORY
Published : Sunday July 13 , 2008
Print This Email This Update : Magazine defends satirical cover
On the cover of the upcoming New Yorker : Satirical portrayal of Obama through the eyes of his opposition , or McCain recruitment poster ?
Senator Obama shrugged and said he had " no response " when asked about the cover on Sunday by CBS News ' Maria Gavrilovic .
The Obama campaign , on introspection , was more decisive on the issue ; it might have appreciated the humor , if not for the delivery .
The cover art , depicting Senator Obama in a turban , while wife Michelle , packing an assault rifle , shares a " fist bump " with him , is described by the New Yorker as artist 's Barry Blitt 's lampooning of " scare tactics and misinformation in the Presidential election to derail Barack Obama 's campaign . "
" The New Yorker may think , as one of their staff explained to us , that their cover is a satirical lampoon of the caricature Senator Obama 's right - wing critics have tried to create , " countered Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton .
" But most readers will see it as tasteless and offensive .
And we agree . "
" This is as offensive a caricature as any magazine could publish , " one high - profile Obama backer told ABC News , " and I suspect that other Obama supporters like me are also thinking about not subscribing to or buying a magazine that trafficks ( sic ) in such trash . "
" We completely agree with the Obama campaign , " McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds added .
" It s tasteless and offensive . "
Update : Magazine defends satirical cover
In a statement Monday , the magazine said the cover " combines a number of fantastical images about the Obamas and shows them for the obvious distortions they are . "
" The burning flag , the nationalist - radical and Islamic outfits , the fist - bump , the portrait on the wall ?
All of them echo one attack or another .
Satire is part of what we do , and it is meant to bring things out into the open , to hold up a mirror to prejudice , the hateful , and the absurd .
And that 's the spirit of this cover , " the New Yorker statement said .
The statement also pointed to the two articles on Obama contained inside the magazine , calling them " very serious . "
Huffington Post has an interview with editor David Remnick , who talks about the controversy that erupted almost immediately this weekend .
" This cover has quickly become very controversial , " Huffington 's Rachel Sklar asked Remnick .
" The Obama campaign has called it ' tasteless and offensive . '
Why did you run it ? "
Remnick responded by email : " Obviously I would n't have run a cover just to get attention  I ran the cover because I thought it had something to say .
What I think it does is hold up a mirror to the prejudice and dark imaginings about Barack Obama 's  both Obamas '  past , and their politics .
I can't speak for anyone else 's interpretations , all I can say is that it combines a number of images that have been propagated , not by everyone on the right but by some , about Obama 's supposed ' lack of patriotism ' or his being ' soft on terrorism ' or the idiotic notion that somehow Michelle Obama is the second coming of the Weathermen or most violent Black Panthers .
That somehow all this is going to come to the Oval Office . "
" The idea that we would publish a cover saying these things literally , I think , is just not in the vocabulary of what we do and who we are ... "
Remnick adds .
" We 've run many many satirical political covers .
Ask the Bush administration how many . " ( with wire reports )
WhiteKnightTwo , which will shuttle SpaceShipTwo into suborbital space , is about to be unveiled in the Mojave desert .
I believe that 's SpaceShipTwo under the veil .
Update : More Photos of WhiteKnightTwo below .
Interview with a spaceship pilot .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Actually it 's a flight simulator for pilot training .
Virgin America pilots will be trained to fly Virgin Galactic flights , which makes them the luckiest commercial pilots in the country .
Before the ship rolls out , I might as well scribe a few of the details we learned earlier .
• WhiteKnightTwo is completely carbon fiber composite , save for the engines and landing gear .
• We were flown out from LAX on a new Virgin America plane called , " My other ride is a spaceship "
• Virgin American is 30 % more fuel efficient than other domestic airlines .
• Virgin America is giving away a ride on Virgin Galactic to one of its customers in a contest called " The Race for Space "
Advertisement
Bob Morgan , Lead engineer at Scaled Composites , is speaking now .
He 's said that the vehicle is triple the weight but has capacity for 12 more passengers .
The plane 's cabling system is also carbon fiber .
Advertisement
They 're unveiling it now .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Burt and Sir Richard are doing a Q&A now ...
• WhiteKnight and SpaceShipTwo can launch higher in altitude than the first ships , but the SpaceShip can't grab enough atmosphere any higher than the previous launch point , so can't go as high this way .
So they drop the SpaceShip payload at the same altitude .
• As far as bases go , after New Mexico , they 'll open a spaceport in Sweden , and they 're talking to Spain and the Far East .
• Who can go on this ?
Because its suborbital , we can make the flight only 2 - 3 Gs instead of 5Gs and so older people like Sir Richard 's parents , Stephen Hawking and others are going to try going .
• Food ?
Their solution is not feeding you at all .
Probably for vomit concerns .
Advertisement
• The wingspan has no seams , its one piece tip to tip .
Composites do n't bolt together well , so they do n't use them .
• This is about seeing the curvature and beauty of the earth and experience weightlessness .
• 270 people are signed up and many have begun training in centrifuges to resist G forces .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
More Facts :
• The first ships will be called " Spirit of Steve Fosset " after Sir Richard 's friend and his mother , " Eve "
• SpaceShipTwo is 60 % done .
• Similar construction and design to SS1
• Will carry six Passengers and two pilots ; could carry 11 , but Sir Richard only wants to sell window seats .
• Whole fuselage used for passenger cabin
• Reclining seats to max cabin space in zero g and re-entry .
• SpaceShipTwo can do 6 Gs front to back , and 3.8 Gs head to toe .
• Zero G WILL be out of seat .
I hope they have tethers .
• WhiteKnightTwo can ferry SS2 coast to coast in the US .
• Hugging the WhiteKnightTwo is emotionally satisfying , but the hull tastes dusty .
• The port cabin is a mockup with painted windows .
Advertisement
[ Giz at Virgin Galactic Launch ]
Digital Scales | Digital Scale
Digital Scaleworks will have the lowest prices .
The prices listed are at the minimum advertised price as determined by the manufacturer .
You can't get a better price anywhere .
http://www.digitalscaleworks.com/
And after years of international isolation on the issue of global warming , his administration is now offering to negotiate an agreement on cutting emissions with the world ’s major developed and developing nations , a plan that received a surprisingly warm response during his visit to Europe this month .
“ I think one of the things we did in this process , to be honest , is I think we learned a bit , ” Mr. Bush ’s national security adviser , Stephen J. Hadley , said at the White House on Thursday .
Though speaking of the administration ’s willingness to display patience with the North Koreans , even though its declaration came nearly six months after it was promised , his remarks reflected a striking change in the administration ’s strategy .
Offering and accepting compromise is , of course , part of diplomacy , and it can often be unsatisfactory .
The sharpest criticism came from those conservatives who accused Mr. Bush of abandoning his unwillingness , justified in their view , to deal with a government that flagrantly has broken previous commitments and continues to suppress the most basic rights of its people .
“ Many people understood a lot of things the Bush administration did , ” said Danielle Pletka , vice president for foreign and defense policy studies at the American Enterprise Institute .
“ While they were not sold very well , they were based on very sound principles , which are core Republican Party principles .
What happened to those ? ”
Mr. Bush himself went to great lengths to emphasize that the declaration was only a step , and one that required verification , before any further concessions could be considered .
The problem for Mr. Bush is that time is running out .
As each day passes , it becomes increasingly likely that little of his ambitious foreign - policy agenda will come to fruition during his presidency .
My intention for this article is to be a quick - reference guide : all the information you might need about a method or property condensed into a few lines .
This might not be possible for something like __slots__ , perhaps we should link to the Python Docs for details on the more complex ones .
I know this stuff is documented in other places ( for example , http://docs.python.org/ref/specialnames.html), but it 's all over the place and hard to mentally parse .
I want to teach while at the same time to be brief , if that is possible .
Anyways feel free to add , do n't worry about messing stuff up , I can always revert your edits if I really hate them ; )
A list of underscore methods that I have n't written about yet is at the bottom ; there might be more too that I do n't know about .
And things I 'm not sure about have question marks next to them , feel free to search for question marks and correct any uncertainties .
For the last few years , the digital payment space has centered around one main company – PayPal .
If you wanted to buy or sell things online or send online payments to friends or family members , then PayPal was one of the few available options .
But that has been changing over the last few years .
One of the current options which offers even more flexibility is Serve® from American Express® .
Serve is a digital prepaid account that gives users a safe way to pay in stores , make online payments , and even send money via email , text message , and FaceBook .
In short , it can be a game changer for how people send and receive money .
Let ’s take a look at the features , and what it takes to open an account .
Serve from American Express – Features
To start with , Serve is a prepaid account that anyone can open .
There are no credit checks and no monthly or annual fees .
There are several ways to use this account .
To begin with , you can use it like a prepaid credit card or debit card .
The Serve Card is accepted everywhere American Express Cards are accepted .
You can also use it at an ATM .
( Serve will waive ATM the $ 2 fee for the next few months , but the servicing bank may still charge a withdrawal fee ) .
Send money via e-mail , text , and FaceBook .
Having a prepaid card gives you flexibility , but these features go above and beyond .
You can send and receive money through your smartphone via email , text , or through your FaceBook account .
Serve also has apps for the iPhone , Android , and Windows platforms , making it easy to send and receive money on the go .
Easy access to your money .
You can access money at with free ATM withdrawals at over 24,000 ATM ’s , and free online bill pay .
Easy to open and fund your account .
Opening an account is very simple – it takes about 5 minutes , and we ’ll walk you through the process .
Funding is also easy – you can link a bank account , your credit or debit card , or by purchasing a MoneyPak® .
You can also add money to your account at over 15,000 CVS / pharmacy ® stores and participating 7 ? ELEVEN ® locations .
There is a $ 1 monthly fee , which a waived if you use Direct Deposit or add $ 500 during your monthly statement period .
Let ’s take a look at the process of opening an account .
Opening a Serve Account
This is the best link to open an account right now , as there is currently a $ 25 opening bonus for new users .
Once you arrive on the page , click the “ Sign up to Get Started ” button and enter your info .
You need to provide your basic personal information , such as your name , address , and telephone number .
Serve is set up to use a physical address instead of a PO Box .
You can still use a PO Box , but you will need to call their customer service at 1-800- 954-0559 if you need to use one .
Serve is a paperless service , so be sure to use an email address you access frequently if you will need to check your statement often .
The only thing your address will be used for is to send you the Serve card , which can be used anywhere American Express is accepted , and to send important updates .
Everything else is handled electronically .
Once you fill out the above form , you need to enter your email address , date of birth , last 4 of your SSN , and create a password and PIN .
Then you need to verify the application in an email they send you .
The entire process takes less than 5 minutes .
Funding Your Serve Account
Serve is a digital payment system , so the easiest way to fund your account is by linking it to an online bank .
You can do this quickly and easily through the interface by simply adding your bank routing and account number .
Then you need to verify the account through one of two methods – a verifying a small deposit , which can take 3 - 4 business days , or via an instant verification .
The instant verification requires you to provide your customer number and password .
Since this company is operated by American Express , I feel comfortable providing this information ( this is also the same process for verifying your banking information with companies and products like Mint.com ) .
You can also fund your account by linking it to a debit or credit card .
There are no fees for loading a credit card or debit card through March 15 , 2013 .
However , your credit card company may charge you a cash advance for this option .
Be sure to verify any possible fees before choosing this funding option .
And to be safe , it ’s best to use an ACH transaction through a bank , which is free .
Here is a list of Serve fees :
Thoughts About Serve
Overall , it looks like Serve offers a great product in the digital payment space .
It ’s a flexible payment system that virtually anyone can use and a better alternative than many prepaid credit cards , which often come with high monthly or annual fees .
Given that no credit check is required this is a good option for people with bad credit or no credit to get a card they can use online or at a point of sale .
But it is n’t limited to people with credit issues – this card is a flexible option for sending and receiving money .
It can be a great tool for freelancers , students , and anyone who frequently sends or receives money .
Every Wednesday night while UT is in session the astronomy department sponsors free public star parties on the top roof of Physics , Math , and Astronomy Building ( PMA ) , which is located at the southeast corner of Dean Keeton ( formerly 26th street ) and Speedway .
Once you reach PMA , take the elevators to the 17th floor and then follow the signs to the stairs up to the telescope .
Click here for map to PMA and nearby parking garages .
( Garage rate information is available here . )
Please review the rules for accessing the PMA roof and telescope dome before your visit .
All ages are welcome , but we ask that younger children be under adult supervision at all times .
Viewing times change throughout the year so please check this page for current times before planning your visit .
Please call 512-232-4265 for weather cancellation information .
This line is updated approximately 30 - 45 minutes before the scheduled start time .
( If you get an old message from an earlier date , that means the line has not been updated for the current date yet . )
If you are interested in bringing a small group of 15 or fewer , you may come to a public viewing night without prior arrangements or reservations .
If you plan on bringing a group of more than 15 , please notify Lara Eakins at least two weeks in advance to avoid having too many groups show up on the same evening .
Please note : we do not do private events for groups or individuals .
Public viewing nights occur throughout the year while the unversity is in session .
Typically spring semester viewing runs from late January to early May , summer sessions viewing runs from early - to - mid June to mid-August , and fall semster viewing runs from early September to early December .
The other telescope on campus is located at Painter Hall and is open on Fridays and Saturdays .
Public Viewing Frequently Asked Questions
Our tests point to Linux as the winner of the green flag by margins that topped out at 12 % .
But we must note that our results are full of stipulations imposed by our test bed , and , therefore , as many classified ads might say : your wattage may vary .
Ensuring your servers stamp as small a carbon footprint as possible on the earth and in your data center can encompass everything from making sure they are shipped in recyclable packaging to hiring an analyst who can predict the total life - cycle environmental impact .
For this test , we examined power consumption as a way to judge whether Windows Server 2008 or Linux is , in fact , the ' greener ' operating system .
As the price of power hits record heights , power reduction mechanisms shipping within an operating system should play a key role in you energy conservation plan .
Our tests point to Linux as the winner of the green flag by margins that topped out at 12 % .
But we must note that our results are full of stipulations imposed by our test bed , and as the more truthful car advertisements might warn -- your wattage may vary .
We ran multiple power consumption tests using Windows Server 2008 Enterprise Edition , Red Hat 's Enterprise Linux ( RHEL ) 5.1 and SUSE Enterprise Linux 10 SP1 on four , popular 1U server machines , one each from Dell and IBM and two from HP .
The results showed that while Windows Server 2008 drew slightly less power in a few test cases when it had its maximum power saving settings turned on , it was RHEL that did the best job of keeping the power draw in check across the board .
Shades of Green :
The results of our test measuring power consumption of Windows and Linux servers Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.1 was the most frugal with its power draw through our tests when tested in either performance or power savings modes .
The savings also transcended all server models used in our test bed as RHEL drew the least amount of power in 13 of 16 test scenarios , showing a close to a 10 percent savings in power over Windows Server 2008 in several cases .
All measurements are reported in watts consumed by the specific operating system / hardware server combination listed .
Server Hardware Platforms Windows Server 2008 Power Draw SUSE Enterprise Linux 10 Power Draw Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5.1 Power Draw Average Linux Power Draw Windows Server 2008 percentage of Average Linux Power Draw Windows Server 2008 percentage of lowest Linux Power Draw Quiescent test with operating system Power Savings settings applied IBM x3350 71.8 73.1 71.7 72.4 99.17 100.14 Dell 1950 200.7 207.5 205.7 206.6 97.14 97.57 HP
DL - 160 G5 * 165.6 160.3 163.0 n/a n/a HP DL - 360 G5 232.0 223.2 221.1 222.2 104.43 104.93 Quiescent test with operating system Power Savings settings applied IBM x3350 73.7 73.4 72.9 73.2 100.75 101.10 Dell 1950 220.4 209.2 205.4 207.3 106.32 107.30 HP
DL - 160 G5 167.7 165.6 164.3 165.0 101.67 102.07 HP
DL - 360 G5 239.1 238.0 233.7 235.9 101.38 102.31
Active test with operating system Power Savings settings applied IBM x3350 74.4 74.6 75.8 75.2 98.94 100.27 Dell 1950 220.4 210.0 200.7 205.4 107.33 109.82 HP
DL - 160 G50 * 166.9 159.5 163.2 n/a n/a HP DL - 360 G5 234.3 241.0 229.9 235.5 99.51 101.91
Active test with operating system tuned for performance , not power savings IBM x3350 87.8 79.6 78.3 79.0 111.21 112.13 Dell 1950 230.8 217.1 209.5 213.3 108.20 110.17 HP
DL - 160 G5 155.7 168.2 165.3 166.8 93.37 94.19 HP
DL -360 G5 244.6 242.0 239.6 240.8 101.58 102.09 * Could not be tested in power savings mode due to firmware / BIOS compatibility issues .
All measurements are in Watts used in real time taken at over 1000 sample points taken over each four - hour test run .
All data was measured after the server under test was booted , then running for more than two minutes as power - up times skew the average incorrectly .
The variable settings allowed by both Windows and Linux – which let you toggle between having a high energy efficient server vs. a high performing one – can certainly have an impact on overall server consumption .
But again , your mileage will also vary given the workloads you place on your servers and whether or not you 're using popular virtual machine hypervisors to support multiple operating system instances on the same physical server ( see related story ) .
The edge in either test category will likely not last as operating systems become more finely tuned to work in lockstep with advanced server chipsets , and as additional coding techniques that more closely tie operating systems and applications to power considerations take hold across the industry .
Part of the current " green " operating system difficulty lies in the disconnect between how an operating system and its applications can be optimized to let the underlying system quiet itself down to a lower power - consuming state while at the same time not sacrificing the ability to react to servicing application ( and therefore system and user ) needs .
In our testing , we found that the CPU ' throttle - back ' mechanism – the main technique for how an operating system can aid in reducing a server 's energy draw -- requires new firmware and updated drivers that specifically support that feature .
Only the IBM x3350 and the HP DL - 360 G5 arrived ready for optimal power conservation .
The HP DL - 160 and Dell 1950 servers required several updates throughout our six - week test period to accommodate the CPU throttling features of Windows 2008 and Linux .
We truly know from the trenches that it really is n't easy getting your servers to be green .
CPU conservation
No matter the operating system , Windows or Linux , the leading form of power conservation comes from throttling back the CPU to let the server rest during quiet activity times .
Spinning down hard disks to a quieter state is the other major power - saving setting available to Windows servers .
Even though Linux desktop distrobutions can use the Advanced Configuration and Power Interface ( ACPI ) specification , which is designed for laptops , rather than servers , that feature was not implemented by Red Hat or SUSE for the servers we tested .
Some chipsets are designed for throttle - back , while others ( especially older ones , predating 2007 ) always work at full pace and power full time .
Only in the past three years have processors shipped from Intel , Advanced Micro Devices , Via Technology , and others in the x86 family have been specifically designed to cycle between fast ( and higher power consuming ) and slow ( power savings ) states .
The systems used in our testing ship with Intel Xeon multi-core CPUs , which can support throttle - back ( manifested by slowing down the CPU clock so that the power strobes through the CPU more slowly against the slowed clock ) ; but as we stated earlier the server 's BIOS and firmware must be sufficiently upgraded to correctly supported this .
The IBM x3350 and HP DL - 160 house a single quad - core CPU ( of different models , see How we did it ) , while the Dell 1950 and HP DL360G5 each housed two quad - core CPUs for a total of eight cores .
Once throttled back , the millions of transistors in CPUs can turn back on almost spontaneously at virtually the speed of the CPU ( we could detect no latency issues in our testing ) , and can throttle - back down at nearly the same speed .
The throttle back condition can save quite a bit of power in the four systems we tested , but most other electronics within the system remain on and therefore continue to consume power .
Because the system must be ready to service application requests , it must have at minimum , some electronics running to monitoring application , user , network and other peripheral service requests .
This minimal amount of power drawn is what you see measured in our quiescent state ( sometimes referred to as minimal ready - state ) results .
Operating systems must allow a CPU to throttle back to this minimal ready state , to be considered green from the power consumption perspective , and both Linux and Windows allow for this .
However , there is a ' tickless ' version of Linux on the horizon that may prove to have power savings characteristics .
System interrupt ticks are ' time slices ' that the operating system uses to queue activities , and they 've been traditionally set in the past half dozen plus years to a 1,000 ticks per second , each of which serves as an interruption to the CPU .
A tickless version of the Linux kernel now reportedly exists that interrupts the CPU less frequently , but was not part of the Linux distribution kernels we tested — although that addition is planned in future editions of Red Hat and SUSE .
Choosing which level is green enough for your servers
In advance of setting up and running our testing , we talked with Novell / SUSE , Red Hat and Microsoft regarding their respective green initiatives .
We also asked IBM , HP , and Dell to supply the server samples they believed promoted their fullest green potential , although measuring the hardware elements was not our primary point here .
There is much contention in the server marketplace over power supply efficiency , and other hardware energy conservation initiatives that often use vendor - specific hardware management APIs that have nothing to do with the deployed operating system .
We were n't interested in a server hardware ' bake - off ' that measured power consumption of the hardware elements , as this is the operating systems view of consumption .
Windows 2008 Server and Windows Vista power saving modes are essentially identical .
They allow a system to fall back to increased resting states ( principally in CPU power consumption and disk hibernation ) .
These modes fit the Advanced Configuration and Power Interface V3 support that is more generally associated with personal computer , rather than server application use .
There are three states to these Windows power plans – Power Savings , Balanced and High Performance – which are selected through the Windows Control Panel Power Settings options .
These options can also become enforced through the Active Directory through group policies .
A program , powercfg.exe is also available to help establish very highly detailed performance policy settings , but the nearly endless permutations available with that executable were clearly beyond the scope of this test .
We chose to test the Windows Power Savings and High Performance power plans because they offer the highest comparability to power consumption parameters available in Linux — a full throttle performance mode and a rational , low - latency power savings mode .
The energy saving choices available with the Linux 2.6 kernels shipped with RHEL 5.1 and SUSE Enterprise Linux 10 center on the ability to throttle back CPU clock speed through a kernel module called cpufreq .
These modes are called " governors " , and are officially referred to as performance , ondemand , powersave , and conservative .
There is a fifth , user - space governor , but it homes in on only specific , policy - defined root objects , and we 're testing the operating system rather than discrete processes governed by the operating system .
We were able to initially test all of the servers in all of the savings modes that the cpufreq module supports to determine which would be most applicable to our test .
We chose performance for our full throttle tests and ondemand for our power saving mode .
We rejected conservative mode because it introduces unnecessary latency to a server in random - accessible , 24/7 operations service .
And we rejected the powersave mode because it slows down the processor , and everything takes longer — not a representative application for this test as there are n't many situations where ' stepping on the garden hose ' makes sense , except in periodic batch processing applications and other places where you 're simply willing to wait much longer for a required result .
Both Linux 's cpufreq kernel module and Windows ' power settings can be changed dynamically if needed , although we did n't change them during the duration of our tests .
We chose two tests to measure power consumption .
The first was a quiescent server test in which each operating system and hardware server pair sat idle for four hours in both performance ( high power use ) and the power savings mode for each operating system .
The second active test sought to gauge consumption under load in which we sent a continuous stream of e-mails to each server and operating system pair for the duration of the four - hour test in both performance and power savings profile .
The active test used an e-mail test script to continuously send e-mails to the server and operating system pair under test .
In the case of the two Linux distributions , we used sendmail / procmail as our SMTP server with 1,000 users .
We installed Microsoft Exchange Server 2007 under Windows 2008 Enterprise Server Edition , imported the same 1,000 users , and assaulted it in the same way , by using scripts we generated .
We let the operating system and application pick the number of cores to use as a default .
Summary results
With the IBM x3350 , HP DL360G5 , and Dell 1950 servers we performed our quiescent and active state tests twice : once with High Performance settings in place ; and , the other with the Power Saver mode applied .
For the HP DL - 160G5 server , we could only complete the tests without the maximum power saving setting applied as the server crashed each time we attempted to toggle between the power saving settings .
HP says a fix for this issue should be available by the time this test publishes .
Jewish World Review May 21 , 2008 / 16 Iyar 5768 John McCain , here is your vice president By Nat Hentoff
http://www.JewishWorldReview.com |
In 2006 , Sarah Palin became Alaska 's youngest and first woman governor after having earned a reputation as a determined and successful advocate of ethics reform in politics .
In the primary , she defeated an incumbent Republican governor and then a former two - term Democratic governor .
During her first year in office , as reported by the Associated Press on May 10 , she " distanced herself from the old guard , powerful members of the state GOP ( and ) stood up to the oil interests that hold great power in Alaska , and with bipartisan support in the statehouse , she won a tax increase on the oil companies ' profits . "
Last December , the mother of four children , Palin , four months pregnant , found she was going to have a child with Down syndrome , a condition characterized by moderate - to - severe mental retardation .
A school friend of one of my sons had Down syndrome , and I have known functioning adults with the extra chromosomes of that syndrome .
However , as a longtime reporter on disability rights , I have discovered that many fetuses so diagnosed have been aborted by parents who have been advised by their doctors to end the pregnancies because of the future " imperfect quality of life " of such children .
Palin's first reaction to the diagnosis was to research the facts about the condition , since " I 've never had problems with my other pregnancies . "
As a result , she and her husband , Todd , never had any doubt they would have the child .
" We 've both been very vocal about being pro-life , " she told the Associated Press .
" We understand that every innocent life has wonderful potential . "
In an age when DNA and other genetic - selection tests increasingly determine who is " fit " to join us human beings , we are witnessing the debate between sanctity of life versus quality of life being more often decided in favor of death .
This is a result welcomed by internationally influential bioethicist Peter Singer , now a celebrated Princeton University professor , who , in July 1983 , wrote in " Pediatrics , " the official Journal of the American Academy of Pediatrics :
" If we compare a severely defective human infant with a nonhuman animal , a dog or pig , for example , we will often find the nonhuman to have superior capacities , both actual and potential , for rationality , self - consciousness , communication , and anything else that can plausibly be considered morally significant . "
And there are bioethicists who point to the continuing costs of rearing a " defective infant . "
By inspirational contrast , Palin , says of her new son , Trig : " I 'm looking at him right now , and I see perfection .
Yeah , he has an extra chromosome .
I keep thinking , in our world , what is normal and what is perfect ? "
Three days after she gave birth , Palin was back in her Anchorage office with her husband and Trig .
" I can think of so many male candidates , " she tells the AP , " who watched families grow while they were in office .
There is no reason to believe a woman can't do it with a growing family .
My baby will not be at all or in any sense neglected . "
Says the governor of Alaska , " I will not shirk my duties . "
Taking her stand for life as a holder of high political office is all the more valuable in the face of not only the termination of fetal lives as not worth continuing before they can speak for themselves , but it also puts a searching light on the growing " futility " doctrine in hospitals  affecting born people of all ages .
Nancy Valko , a medical ethicist and intensive - care nurse I consult on these lives - worth - living debates , has emphasized that " with the rise of the modern bioethics movement , life is no longer assumed to have the intrinsic value it once did , and ' quality of life ' has become the overriding consideration . "
Because of Palin 's reputation as a maverick , and her initial reduction of state spending ( including pork - barrel spending ) , life - affirming Palin connects with voters and has been mentioned as a possible vice presidential running mate for John McCain .
She would be a decided asset  an independent Republican governor , a woman , a defender of life against the creeping culture of death and a fresh face in national politics , described in " the Almanac of National Politics " as " an avid hunter and fisher with a killer smile who wears designer glasses and heels , and hair like modern sculpture . "
Still unknown is whether Palin would be as flip - flopping as McCain on the Bush torture policy that has so blighted our reputation in the world .
But we 'd find out , as  if chosen as his running mate  she would create more interest in this already largely scripted presidential campaign .
And her presence could highlight Obama 's extremist abortion views on whether certain lives are worth living , even a child born after a botched abortion .
Every weekday JewishWorldReview.com publishes what many in the media and Washington consider " must - reading " .
Sign up for the daily JWR update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
Nat Hentoff is a nationally renowned authority on the First Amendment and the Bill of Rights and author of several books , including his current work , " The War on the Bill of Rights and the Gathering Resistance " .
Comment by clicking here .
Nat Hentoff Archives © 2006 , NEA
Dear readers and friends :
I am responding to an article written by the Christian Science Monitor , titled " Return to Hand - Counted Paper Ballots ?
Not so Fast " posted here to Opednews .
http://www.opednews.com/maxwrite/link.php?id=62588
Previously , I served on an election reform think tank alongside election reform expert Victoria Collier , whose work has been praised by Bev Harris , in a statement from Bev 's own mouth saying that " it takes my breath away . "
You can read Bev Harris ’s interview with Victoria here and Bev ’s high praise along with it :
Alongside three computer programmers who served on the forum with Victoria Collier , one of whom is also a Democratic election official , I learned the following facts about computerized elections and hand counted paper ballots , each alike :
A ) ASSUMPTIONS ABOUT HAND -COUNTED PAPER BALLOTS
They take too long to count .
Too many mistakes .
TRUE FACT : Canada hand - counts its paper ballots in four hours , says Victoria Collier , and with very few mistakes .
B ) ABOUT COMPUTERIZED PAPER PRINT-OUTS
This is one of the most misleading matters leading to the public ’s false sense of security .
Consider :
All three computer programmers on the Forum , plus more programmers ' opinions that I read on Moveon.org 's forum ( since closed ) , agreed unanimously that it is " easy " to simply misalign the computer 's mechanism with the pushbuttons on the screen .
Thus , if one pushed the button for OBama , the paper trail would accurately reflect the OBama vote .
However , secretly inside the black box of the computer ---- from which the vote is counted ----- the vote would secretly be cast for McCain .
Computers can " easily " be programmed to do this ... ten percent of the time , five percent , two percent .... as one wishes .
Recounts of the paper trail ?
Forget about it .
It will never happen .
The reason is simple :
It costs too much .
Depending on the size of the precinct , each area may charge anywhere upward of $ 5,000 per precinct , graduating up to $ 20,000 apiece or much more .
Multiply that by the number of precincts , county - wide and nation - wide , and you get the picture .
Thus , it becomes apparent that it is not recounts , but accurate and transparent votes to begin with , which we should be relying on for a fair election .
The false sense of security on the part of the public , in holding a piece of paper in their hand which accurately shows their vote , is the very thing which could help to steal the election .
Because when the public sees that their vote was “ accurately ” cast --- at least according to the so - called paper “ Trail ” --- then there would be little or no questioning the falsification of the vote which actually did , would and usually does occur , inside the computer ’s black box .
Based on that false sense of security , people would not be inclined to step forward , believing all was fair and square , based on the paper “ Record ” of their “ Vote ” .
In fact , nothing could be further from the truth !
C ) Is n't it just slightly suspicious that it is computer programmers , who are paid , and not transparent paper systems , that we are relying on for counting our votes ?
Check out Bev Harris 's website www.blackboxvoting.org ( not .com , which is a different entity ) :
You can see video footage of her wrestling on the floor with computer programmers , who had garbaged shredded computer print - outs , every one of which was election print - out material .
In actual fact , I can tell you of people I know who have said they personally have watched the figures on the computer jump --- for the wrong vote .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Obama vows to reverse executive orders that ' trample on liberty '
Associated Press
Published : Tuesday July 29 , 2008
Print This Email This WASHINGTON - Barack Obama told House Democrats on Tuesday that as president he would order his attorney general to scour White House executive orders and expunge any that " trample on liberty , " several lawmakers said .
Presidents , as head of the executive branch of government , issue such orders to direct operations of executive branch agencies , like the Justice Department and the CIA .
For example , President Bush used an executive order last year to breathe new life into the CIA 's controversial terror interrogation program that allowed harsh questioning of suspects .
Obama " talked about how his attorney general is to review every executive order and immediately eliminate those that trample on liberty , " said Rep. Jerrold Nadler , D - N.Y .
" He indicated there would be a review in his administration , " said Rep. James Clyburn , D - S.C. , the House majority whip .
Obama did not mention executive orders when he addressed reporters who waited for him outside the closed - door meeting .
He said only that he would be campaigning alongside members to win the presidency and help expand Democratic majorities in the House and Senate .
" I am looking forward to collaborating with everyone here to win the election , but more importantly to collaborate with everybody here and also some like - minded Republicans to actually govern and to deliver on behalf of the American people , " Obama said .
During his presidency , Bush increasingly has relied on executive orders to dictate policies without seeking congressional approval .
His orders have ranged from restrictions on striped bass fishing to sanctions against Myanmar 's government .
Obama did not indicate who his attorney general would be , or any other member of his Cabinet .
To lawmakers who asked about his Cabinet plans , Obama said : " Get me elected , and then I 'll worry about the Cabinet , " according to Nadler .
Clyburn added that Obama said there were " people in the room with more expertise than him . "
Obama 's meeting with the House Democratic caucus came hours after he spoke with both Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke about the faltering economy , part of his effort to refocus the campaign on domestic issues after last week 's foreign trip .
Obama spokesman Michael Ortiz said the senator and Bernanke discussed the outlook for consumers and businesses , as well as the effect of rising home foreclosures on families nationwide .
They also talked about the " strengths of Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and other financial institutions , " Ortiz said .
Obama called Paulson as he rode to a meeting with Pakistan 's new prime minister , the campaign said .
A campaign statement said Obama asked how the Treasury Department planned to use its new authority with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and whether the government had the tools it needs to address the challenges in the banking industry .
As part of the government 's effort to provide mortgage relief to hundreds of thousands of homeowners , Paulson has sought emergency power to rescue lending giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Congress approved a housing plan last week that would provide relief for 400,000 homeowners who can't afford their payments by allowing them to refinance their mortgages with more affordable , government - backed loans .
President Bush has promised to sign the package into law .
In a day of meetings , Obama also met with Pakistan 's new leader , Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani .
At a fundraising luncheon , he said he told Gilani " the only way we 're going to be successful in the long term in defeating extremists ... is if we are giving people opportunities .
If people have a chance for a better life , then they are not as likely to turn to the ideologies of violence and despair . "
Is John McCain losing it ?
On Sunday , he said on national television that to solve Social Security " everything 's on the table , " which of course means raising payroll taxes .
On July 7 in Denver he said : " Senator Obama will raise your taxes .
I wo n't . "
This is n't a flip - flop .
It 's a sex - change operation .
He got back to the subject Tuesday in Reno , Nev. Reporters asked about the Sunday tax comments .
Mr. McCain replied , " The worst thing you could do is raise people 's payroll taxes , my God ! "
Then he was asked about working with Democrats to fix Social Security , and he repeated , " everything has to be on the table . "
But how can . . .?
Oh never mind .
Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway fund has pocketed $ 224 m ( £ 113 m ) in a bet that Florida will not be hit by devastating hurricanes in the coming months .
That is the amount the state has agreed to pay Berkshire upfront so the fund can come to its rescue if hurricane damages top $ 25bn in this season , which runs from June 1 to November 1 .
If damages do exceed that figure Berkshire will immediately buy $ 4bn in 30 - year bonds issued by the state and that money will ensure Florida does not run into any cash flow problems as it begins any clean - up .
Florida will have to buy the bonds back and the interest rate over the 30 years is 6.5 % .
State officials have agreed to the deal , even though they admit there is only about a 3 % chance of damages going so high , because they believe the credit crunch would limit their access to funds through traditional financial markets if this a particularly bad hurricane season .
Florida has not been hit by a hurricane for two years but damages in 2005 totalled $ 11bn and in 2004 the amount was $ 16bn .
However , hurricane Katrina which bypassed Florida as it rolled across the Gulf of Mexico did $ 41bn worth of damage to New Orleans and environs .
Because many of America 's insurance giants are unwilling to insure properties in Florida and others will only do so at exorbitant rates , the state has had to be creative in providing insurance , particularly to people living near its coastlines .
It formed its own insurance company , Citizens , and created a re-insurance fund with below - market rates to entice corporations to stay in the state and offer property owners insurance .
That fund is on the line for $ 29bn should a mega - hurricane hit Florida .
However , it has less than $ 8bn in cash .
Berkshire 's $ 4bn would give the state breathing space as it trawls for help .
The Berkshire deal was pushed through by the governor , Charlie Crist , but Florida 's CFO , Alex Sink , was unhappy even though she voted in favour .
" Warren Buffett did not become a multibillionaire by not doing good deals for himself .
We 've got both hands tied behind our back , " she said , referring to the fact that Berkshire was the only company that responded to Florida 's request for proposals .
Meanwhile the National Climate Prediction Center said in early June conditions were in place for another active hurricane season with an above - average number of storms .
There should be 12 to 16 named storms this season , and that six to nine of those will become hurricanes .
Tropical Storm Bertha , the first of the season , this week formed in the Atlantic but is not thought to be a threat to the US .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Corruption - o- rama in Washington on Tuesday :
On the front page is news ( or confirmation ) that Aberto Gonzales ’ Justice Department was run by partisan hacks who illegally denied jobs to applicants who were not Republicans and Christian conservatives .
The Associated Press is reporting that the “ Environmental Protection Agency is telling its pollution enforcement officials not to talk with congressional investigators , reporters and even the agency ’s own inspector general , according to an internal e-mail . ”
AP adds : “ The EPA is currently under pressure from several congressional committees to disclose documents relating to its position on global warming and its denial of a petition by California to control greenhouse gases from motor vehicles .
Last week , EPA Administrator Stephen Johnson denied a request to appear before two Senate committees to discuss whether the agency ’s decisions comply with its staff ’s technical and legal recommendations . ”
And Senator Ted Stevens , an Alaska Republican , was indicted for making false statements on his financial disclosure forms to conceal $ 250,000 in goods and services he received from an oil company that sought official assistance from Stevens .
The 84 - year - old Stevens used to chair the powerful Senate appropriations committee .
Cronyism that undermines good government , a gag order that attempts to block the flow of information needed for oversight , and a case of ( alleged ) personal corruption in which a legislator exploited his office to line his own pocket–it ’s as if the seven - and - half years of the Bush presidency was boiled down into one news cycle .
The only thing missing is a war sold on false pretenses .
In a twist that left a neighborhood stunned , the 13 - year - old cousin of an 8 - year - old girl who was shot and killed while playing outside a South Los Angeles apartment building last week was charged Tuesday with her murder , authorities said .
The stray bullet that struck Jasmine Sanders in the chest was fired by her cousin , who was apparently aiming at a man who was also at the scene , prosecutors said .
Initially , authorities suspected that it was the work of gang members who did not know the victim .
District attorney ’s spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons said the boy , whose name is being withheld because he is a minor , was charged in juvenile court with murder and attempted murder .
The shooting is believed to be gang - related .
Gibbons said the complaint alleges the boy used a handgun at East 76th and South San Pedro streets .
He is scheduled to be arraigned today in Compton Juvenile Court .
LAPD Police Cmdr .
Pat Gannon described the boy as a “ gang associate ” and said detectives are searching for a second suspect in the case .
He said the boy was “ shooting at someone else ” in retaliation for an assault that occurred earlier in the day when he hit Jasmine .
“ It is a tragedy to lose an 8 - year - old girl , ” Gannon said .
“ It ’s double tragedy when the boy who fired the weapon is barely 13 . ”
Jasmine was shot about 8:45 p.m. last Wednesday as she was playing with her younger brother and other children behind an iron gate near the stairwell of an apartment building , police said .
Her mother , Shadonna Kinney , 28 , tried to revive her after she was shot and later made a public appeal beseeching the shooters to turn themselves in .
Witnesses initially told police that two teenage boys approached the crowd from a nearby alley and that one of them , dressed in a white shirt and dark pants , fired a round at a group of male youths standing behind the stairs .
The force of the shot pushed Jasmine against the stairs , where her mother picked her up .
Community members , police and neighbors held a vigil for Jasmine on Thursday night near the shooting site .
Flowers , balloons and stuffed animals were left near the stairwell where Jasmine collapsed after she was shot .
Candles were handed out among the crowd as ministers led a prayer .
Participants lifted their candles and sang : “ In my neighborhood , I ’m going to let it shine . ”
Jasmine ’s mother broke down in tears and was escorted to a nearby building , where she screamed and cried for about half an hour .
“ She did n’t deserve this , ” Kinney had said .
“ She did n’t deserve this . ”
richard.winton@latimes.com
Rady Ananda Byon
7/3/2008 , 8:06 am PT
Guest Blogged by Rady Ananda ...
" The voting industry sells crap , and that is the problem . "
- Douglas A. Kellner , Co-Chair New York State Board of Elections
I received a cache of documents surrounding NY 's electoral system .
Some of this material indicates justified resistance to computerized systems that fail to perform as intended , despite being certified .
Some exposes deliberate info - suppression , preventing election officials from acting in the best interest of the public .
One NY attorney extensively researched NY 's election law history , showing the wisdom and security of prior law .
A University of Virginia professor researched lever voting machines and provides a dire warning about new technology with its paper - based audit trail .
This lengthy piece synthesizes the material for those interested in New York 's battle to retain election integrity or to implement wholly condemned systems that have failed across the nation .
New York does n't use computerized voting systems .
For over a century , it has protected election integrity by using a mechanical lever voting system that can be reliably tested , combined with a brilliant legislative scheme that anticipates every opportunity for election fraud – from insiders and from voters ; from before , during and after the election .
Yet , New York may join the 49 other lemming states in electoral suicide , if its 2005 Election Reform and Modernization Act ( ERMA ) goes into effect .
Problems continue to emerge across the nation with the use of computerized voting systems , and none of the vendors hawking computerized technology meet NY 's guidelines for doing business only with responsible vendors .
Last year , Attorney Andi Novick sent a 60 - page , well - researched memo to NY officials , providing details of the shady connections , failed performance , and efforts of vendors to suppress damning evidence of their product .
She later supplemented that research with a 21 - page memo .
NY Loves Its Levers
The Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) does not require states to buy irredeemable computerized voting systems .
Lever voting systems satisfy all but one of HAVA 's requirements , as Douglas Kellner , Co-Chair of the New York State Board of Elections ( SBOE ) testified :
[ HAVA ] sets minimum standards for voting machines .
Our lever machines satisfy all but one of those standards , that there be at least one machine at each poll site that is ' accessible for individuals with disabilities ....'
Most NY officials have not been blinded by the glitz of high - tech wizardry .
NY has kept its levers for the past six years , while elections across the nation crashed , glitched , and otherwise left the public even less confident in US elections .
NY kept its levers when the nation switched to punchcard systems , which eventually brought us Florida 's 2000 " election . "
Kellner decried these failed computerized systems at a June 19th SBOE meeting :
The voting industry sells crap , and that is the problem ....
With the scanners I 'm not going to get caught in this bargain with the devil .
If the vendors do not have a product that today complies with the guidelines , I 'm not prepared to use it .
And I 'm prepared to go back to Judge Sharpe and to say : ' Judge , it would be unconstitutional to enforce [ HAVA ] by requiring us to replace the lever voting machines with scanning equipment or DRE equipment or any equipment that does not comply with the current guidelines . '
In naming Judge Sharpe , Kellner is referencing the 2006 Dept. of Justice lawsuit against the SBOE for failure to implement disabled - accessible voting devices and a statewide computerized voter database as required by HAVA .
Also resisting the effort to employ expensive gadgets that do n't work is a mounting revolution on both sides of the aisle .
Republican commissioner Gregory Peterson , newly appointed to the SBOE , expressed his bafflement at that June 19th meeting :
[ I ] f it does n't work the way you said it was going to work , we 're better with a lever - just pushing down levers .
And if the judge does n't understand that then he 's going to have to be made to understand that .
NY Experiences Software Failure
In accord with Judge Sharpe 's order , NY must install disabled - accessible voting devices in the Fall 2008 election .
Testing is underway , with three systems approved : Sequoia / Dominion Imagecast , ES&S Automark , and Premier ( formerly Diebold ) Automark .
According to documents received , newly certified Ballot Marking Devices ( BMD ) failed to perform in local tests in New York City , and in Nassau County .
After meeting with the New York County Election Commissioners Assn. , SBOE Co-Executive Director , Todd Valentine , described the scene after certified software failed to perform :
There 's a lot of high anxiety going on ... not only at our agency with dealing with these issues , but at the county level , as well .
Valentine 's comments also relate to state and county anxiety over the necessary training election workers must receive .
Only 15 % of state - certified BMDs arrived in working condition in Nassau County .
One - fifth of them were physically damaged ; at over $ 11,000 each , the frailty of such systems cannot be ignored .
Fully two - thirds of Sequoia 's BMDs failed local diagnostic and acceptance testing .
On June 26th , Nassau County Attorney Lori Barrett wrote to Judge Sharpe :
The SBOE 's acceptance testing has proven to be completely unreliable .
Fully 85 % of the 156 BMDs received by Nassau through June 26 , 2008 – after the SBOE acceptance tested them in Albany – have substantial operational flaws that render them unusable or that require major repairs .
· 29 were rejected immediately when they were unloaded from the truck because of obvious physical defects or damages .... · 62 failed diagnostic testing because of problems with the USB cord and the printer .
· And 42 failed Nassau 's acceptance testing for a variety of reasons , such as non-responsive key pads and battery failure .
Out of a total of 156 BMDs , only 23 can be used by voters in the condition they were received ....
Barrett points out that " Nassau County is not the only municipality affected by the SBOE 's unreliable testing . "
She explains :
At a hearing of the New York City Government Services Committee on June 23 , 2008 , the New York City Board of Elections testified that the state 's certification process failed to catch software flaws that resulted in problems when a voter attempted to write in a candidate and that failed to rotate candidates ' names in primary elections in compliance with the Election Law .
Due in part to these problems , New York City has not received BMDs and cannot begin training pollworkers .
Problems in a software driven voting system that is certified as safe and functional ?
Say it ai n't so .
Hidden Costs of Software Systems
Absorbing additional unexpected costs , Barrett continues in her letter to the SBOE :
Moreover , the SBOE and Sequoia negotiated a fee of $ 250 per BMD for shipment from Albany to Nassau County after the SBOE 's acceptance testing at a total cost of $ 112,250 .
The SBOE insisted on imposing this cost on Nassau County even though Sequoia was willing to make minor adjustments in its manufacturing process so that the BMDs could be acceptance tested on Long Island , thereby substantially reducing the shipping costs .
( A substantial portion of the BMD parts are manufactured by Sequoia on Long Island . )
Nassau County made numerous requests to the SBOE to test the BMDs in Nassau County , and we understand that Suffolk County and New York City made similar requests for local testing .
The SBOE , however , has refused or failed to act on these requests and taken no meaningful steps to address the problem .
Dutchess County is paying an additional $ 56,250 for the delivery , storage and overhead costs ( security and climate - controlled environment ) for its BMDs , reported the Poughkeepsie Journal .
But wait , it gets worse .
The point of a BMD is to print a ballot from a disabled - accessible voting device .
Yet it failed to perform its primary function , and Sequoia knew it did n't work , as did the SBOE .
Barrett continues :
In addition , the SBOE failed to respond to correspondence from the Nassau County Board of Elections dated April 10 , 2008 , apprising them of problems with the BMDs and failed to inform Nassau that Sequoia discovered a " systematic problem " involving its printers that cause paper jams .
Think about this a moment : an $ 11,500 ballot printing device ( plus $ 250 for shipping , plus local testing costs , etc. ) failed to print the ballots , which Sequoia understood to be a systemic problem , and which warning the SBOE failed to send to counties .
Counties are justifiably anxious and angry about the new systems , with their exorbitant price tag , their failure to perform , their fragility , and the additional pollworker training required .
All of these factors hamper the ability of election administrators to run sound elections .
No wonder NY 's election officials have hung on to their levers for six years , while the rest of the nation was hoodwinked into buying " crap . "
State and federal money covered 95 % of Dutchess County 's $ 1.8 million for 155 Sequoia BMDs , leaving Dutchess with a $ 95,000 BMD bill , plus another $ 56,000 for transport , storage and overhead .
Republican elections Commissioner , David Gamache , commented last Friday :
That 's why I 'm saying : many more dollars , but a lot less sense .
[ Levers ] have done a heck of a job for generations .
They 're very durable .
They 're mechanical .
Basically , you can drop them down a flight of stairs and they 'd still work .
Software Cannot Be Reliably Certified
As the SBOE certifies nonfunctional equipment , it learns to its dismay that software cannot be certified .
Avi Rubin explained this pretty well last year :
The current certification process may have been appropriate when a 900 lb lever voting machine was deployed .
The machine could be tested every which way , and if it met the criteria , it could be certified because it was not likely to change .
But software is different .
The software lifecycle is dynamic ... [ Y]ou cannot certify an electronic voting machine the way you certify a lever machine ....
[ W ]e absolutely expect that vulnerabilities will be discovered all the time ....
Software is designed to be upgraded , and patch management systems are the norm .
A certification system that requires freezing a version in stone is doomed to failure because of the inherent nature of software .
The History of Levers
Historical experience favors nuts - and - bolts technology over fragile paper that can easily be lost , destroyed or altered .
Anyone who has researched the history of US election fraud is well aware how easy it is to defraud a paper ballot voting system .
Professor Bryan Pfaffenberger of the University of Virginia Dept. of Science , Technology & Society was awarded a National Science Foundation grant to study the lever voting machine .
In Machining the Vote , he defends levers , which were designed with an eye toward paper ballot fraud , as superior to newer systems :
In my analysis , the lever machine deserves recognition as one of the most astonishing achievements of American technological genius , a fact that is reflected in their continued competitiveness against recent voting technologies in every accepted performance measure .
( emphasis added )
Research conducted for the U.S. Election Assistance Commission confirms what Pfaffenberger found .
An election day survey of the 2004 Presidential election conducted by Election Data Services showed that NY had a statewide undervote rate in the presidential race of just 0.77 % --- among the lowest in the nation .
( Ch.8 , p.15 ) Levers do not permit overvotes nor , unlike software - driven systems , switched votes ( where a voter chooses one candidate , but the touch screen or optical scanner displays and / or records a different choice ) .
Imagine how different the outcomes might have been in the 2000 and 2004 elections had levers been used instead of unreliable , exploitable , software - driven systems that counted easily altered , lost or destroyed punchcards .
Professor Pfaffenberger details a history we are well advised to remember , especially in light of the punchcard shenanigans in Florida and Ohio :
It is quite astonishing to realize that , while the lever machine was under development , inventors came up with just about every voting machine concept that has since been realized , including precinct - scan punchcard technologies , ballot printing machines , and even electromechanical systems that can be seen as predecessors of computerized technologies .
All of these technologies produced paper records , however , and all were flatly rejected , both by voters and election officials , as letting the possibility of fraud in through the back door .
Today , there are widespread calls to bring paper back into the picture , but the reason is that people do not trust the machines .
Having studied the history , I strongly believe that there would be no such call for paper if the ugly history of fraudulent practices enabled by paper ballots were known --- unfortunately , the American people have forgotten the lessons they learned a century ago , and I greatly fear that we will have to repeat them in order to learn them again .
( emphasis added )
Those who fail to learn history are doomed to repeat it .
Pfaffenberger 's point is well taken : our call for hand - counted paper ballots is directly related to our distrust of computerized voting systems and our ignorance of how prone a paper audit trail is to fraud .
His warning relates specifically to paper - based systems :
Although lever machines do not produce an independent audit trail , this is --- as software engineers say --- a feature , not a bug .
In the 1880s and 1890s , paper ballots emerged as the locus par excellence of election fraud ; lever machines were expressly designed to take the human element out of every aspect of the vote recording and counting process in order to eliminate fraud that was gravely undermining Americans ' confidence in their democracy .
( emphasis added )
Lever machines were designed to remove paper ; this feature was deliberate given how easy paper is to alter , lose or destroy .
There was to be no recount , because , as Andi Novick explains below in NY 's Election Law History , it was :
" historically understood that once the ongoing public scrutiny of the poll site ended and the results of the election night count were known , the count was at greater risk of subsequent tampering . "
We certainly learned that in Ohio during the 2004 recount .
Two employees from Cuyahoga , Jacqueline Maiden and Kathleen Dreamer , were convicted of tampering with the recount , resulting in felony convictions that were later expunged from their records .
New York has wisely recognized the vulnerabilities of post- election recounts , and forbidden them by law .
Documented Lever Failures in NY
No voting system is perfect .
Of 18,234 lever machines used in New York in 2006 , a total of 1,036 problems requiring service were reported to the NY SBOE .
The time to fix such problems ranged from less than a minute to up to 2 hours ( in one county ) , but most counties fixed the lever problem within 15 minutes .
Of 18,234 machines , only 23 stopped working , and could not be repaired during Election Day – a failure rate of about 1/8 of 1 % ( 0.126 % ) , which stands in stark contrast to the 66 % failure rate of certified electronic BMDs that Nassau County tested this month .
While the failure rate was a remarkable 0.126 % , the breakdown rate of these 40 - year - old lever machines in 2006 was 5.68 % .
The 2004 breakdown and failure rates during the presidential election were slightly higher than 2006 : 6.38 % and 0.15 % ( 1/6 of 1 % ) , respectively .
Can anyone imagine a computer or a printer lasting this long ?
Paper trail fan William Edelstein , who obtained the NY documentation , calculated breakdown percentages which ranged from 1.7 to 6.8 % over the years 2000 - 2006 .
He expressed this concern :
This rate of breakdown also begs the question of how many undetected errors occurred with no possible recount or audit .
We showed this material to Professor Pfaffenberger , who replied :
No , it does not .
Again , there are a finite number of things that can go wrong with a lever voting machine , and when they do , the machine stops working until it is fixed .
He adds the " exception of counter failure , " which would be caught during maintenance and testing .
He summarizes :
The takeaway point here is that [ lever breakdowns ] were typically resolved in a few minutes !
In other words , these machines are fully understood ; there is a finite number of things that can go wrong with them , people know how to fix them , and they can fix them quickly .
Not so with software - driven systems .
NY is cautioned that federal standards allow much higher failure rates of any duration for touchscreens and optical scanners ( almost 10 % ) , nearly twice the 2006 lever breakdown rate of 5.68 % , and 72 times the lever failure rate of 0.126 % .
By enacting ERMA , the NY legislature reveals its failure to recognize the fundamental difference between mechanical and software engineering .
Software is undetectably mutable , whereas any tampering to a lever machine is plainly visible to those election officials , party representatives and media who observe the machine during pre-election testing or post- election , when the vote totals are transcribed .
The post-election process is minutely detailed , allowing election officials , citizen watchers , party representatives and media to observe the tallies as they are transcribed from the machine onto paper .
NY 's Election Law History
To understand the wisdom of the electoral scheme prior to ERMA , attorney Andi Novick summarizes her research and provides her legal analysis when comparing NY 's past electoral scheme with its 2005 scheme :
The electoral scheme that has existed for more than two centuries has required a transparent , conclusive count of the ballots on election night , when the watchfulness of election officials , authorized watchers , party representatives and the press could best deter fraud .
[ S ] ince 1896 , the Election Law has required contemporaneously created record evidence of the count or of fraud .
A verified , completed count , publicly recorded and announced at each poll site on election night , before the aggregate of the total votes is known , is still mandated .
For 231 years New York 's electoral system has protected the safeguarded election night - count from corruption by forbidding post- election recounts , it being historically understood that once the ongoing public scrutiny of the poll site ended and the results of the election night count were known , the count was at greater risk of subsequent tampering .
The newly enacted legislative scheme represents an unprecedented and unconstitutional reversal of existing and long - standing presumptions and requirements , permitting vote counting for the first time to be performed by concealed , undetectably mutable software .
Repeated scientific studies have shown software - driven voting machines to be vulnerable to unseen tampering and incapable of providing trustworthy election results .
New York 's Legislature recognizes that the software - generated election - night count is not reliable and proposes to first attempt to verify and complete the count after the election with a partial hand count .
Not only does the State unconstitutionally bifurcate the canvass , but its choice of a software - driven system further undermines constitutional safeguards by eliminating contemporaneously created evidence ( or any evidence ) of the count or of fraud .
Indeed , because software cannot be secured , both the ballots and the evidence of how they were counted can be manipulated - leaving no trace of the crime .
Pursuant to ERMA , New York will no longer strive to count every vote : in fact none of the votes will be securely counted .
Instead the State will use computers to produce a questionable count and once the election is over and the results announced , will then check the uncertain count by performing a manual count of a small portion of ballots that may or may not have been tampered with and therefore are not representative of the actual ballots cast on election night .
In Count Every Vote , I expand on this last point :
Because repeated scientific studies show that software - driven voting systems provide us with no rational basis to trust reported results , in those jurisdictions that use computerized voting systems and that do audit the voter - completed ballot , only a tiny percentage of all ballots cast is reliably counted .
This represents well over 90 % of US elections with less than 5 % of all ballots reliably counted .
Unless the audit is done at the precinct , on election night , before observers of different political faith , Novick points out that even the audit count is not reliable , since continuous observation of the ballots ends after election night .
Once this chain of custody is broken , there is no proof that the ballots counted during the audit " represent the actual ballots cast at election . "
New York 's 2005 electoral scheme ( ERMA ) seeks to mimic this unsound and unconstitutional practice of only counting a small percentage of all ballots cast , allowing the audit to be performed two weeks after the election , when continuous observation of the ballots has long ended .
New York has a choice right now .
It can stand its ground , as it has for the past six years , and save its sound , secure , functioning electoral system , or it can follow the rest of the nation over the cliff by implementing non-securable , unreliable , computerized voting technology that removes all rational basis for confidence in reported results .
The ship has not yet sailed , New York : save the levers .
UPDATED Prior To Posting : On July 1st , Nassau County Attorney Lori Barrett sent another letter to the Judge , demanding the non functioning machines be addressed .
Sequoia continues to ignore Nassau ’s demands to repair damaged and non-functional machines , while the SBOE continues shipping damaged and non functional products to Nassau .
The SBOE ’s mitigation efforts compromised the security of software - driven ballot marking devices ( BMDs ) .
Barrett writes :
As was the case with earlier shipments , a very high percentage of the BMDs received in the most recent shipments are defective or damaged , and therefore unusable in their present condition .
The NY SBOE has been shipping the BMDs with a new type of plastic security seal instead of the prior metal seal which had been apparently damaging the BMDs in earlier shipments .
These new seals are evidently less secure as several BMDs have arrived … with broken security seals and there is no way for Nassau County to make sure that the BMDs have not been tampered with .
( emphasis added )
Sequoia and the SBOE turn a deaf ear to these problems .
Barrett explains :
Sequoia has failed to fix a single broken BMD … the SBOE has turned a deaf ear to our repeated requests for assistance .
She asks the court to order Sequoia to fix its machines and have the SBOE certify them in Nassau County .
She closes with :
We believe this matter is extremely urgent because the defective BMDs jeopardize the implementation of this Court ’s January 16 , 2008 Order .
We therefore respectfully request expedited treatment of our request for an Order : 1 . Directing the SBOE to immediately demand that Sequoia resolve its manufacturing problems ; and 2 .
As requested in our letter June 26 , 2007 , directing that all future acceptance tests of BMDs designated for Nassau be conducted in Nassau County at the Nassau County Board of Elections facility .
Without swift action , Nassau County , through no fault of its own , may be unable to provide functioning BMDs in the majority of polling places in the Fall 2008 elections .
( emphasis in original )
Cross posted at OpEdNews ...
Sankalp is a global information technology solutions company .
We specialize in providing E- commerce solution , direct marketing software & Mobile software development .
Sankalp started in mid 2001 , with a unique vision of achieving the heights in IT by caring and serving the people .
Sankalp values time , knowledge , innovation , client business & collaborates with them to achieve sustainable growth .
Our aim is to create consistently world class software solutions by encouraging innovation and technology , we strongly believe in customer delight .
Our consulting - driven approach makes us a strategic partner to our customer .
You define the problem , we collaborate with you to outline the solution , and implement it in a way that firmly places you in a position to lead with the power of technology ; without losing focus on your core business .
Sparring is regarded as the most effective method of teaching martial arts and senior Italian military officers hope the experience of being humiliated by Miss Wakabayshi will toughen up their soldiers .
In February , the day after his infamous encounter at Washington ’s Mayflower Hotel , Eliot Spitzer , then the governor of New York , published a remarkable opinion piece in The Washington Post .
He wrote that several years earlier , state attorneys general noticed a spike in predatory lending that the federal government was doing nothing about .
When the states tried to rein in abusive mortgage lenders , the Bush administration finally did something .
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued rules nullifying state predatory lending laws over the objection of all 50 state banking superintendents .
The clampdown , which paved the way for the subprime mortgage crisis , was done by “ pre-emption , ” a little - understood doctrine that allows the federal government to wipe away state laws .
The Constitution ’s supremacy clause says federal law can trump state law .
But the federal rule should be a floor , not a ceiling .
It should set a minimum level of rights , not stop states from doing more to protect their citizens .
For years , the federal government used pre-emption in this way .
Civil rights acts swept away discrimination at the state level , and workplace safety laws upgraded conditions in factories and mines .
Conservatives opposed many of these federal laws on the principle that they were trampling on “ states ’ rights . ”
Here ’s a maxim from the “ duh ” department :
People typically prefer to feel emotions that are pleasant , like excitement , and avoid those that are unpleasant , like anger .
But a new study appearing in the April issue of Psychological Science , a journal of the Association for Psychological Science , says this may not always be the case .
Psychologists Maya Tamir and Christopher Mitchell of Boston College , and James Gross of Stanford University tested whether people prefer to experience emotions that are potentially useful , even when they are unpleasant to experience .
The authors wanted to examine whether individuals are motivated to increase their level of anger when they expect to complete a confrontational task , where anger might enhance performance .
They told the study participants that they will either play a computer game that is confrontational ( Soldier of fortune – a first person shooter game where killing enemies is your primary goal ) or one that is not confrontational ( “ Diner Dash ” — a game in which players guide a waitress serving customers ) .
They were then asked to rate the extent to which they would like to engage in different activities before playing the game .
The researchers found that participants preferred activities that were likely to make them angry ( e.g. , listening to anger - inducing music , recalling past events in which they were angry ) when they expected to perform the confrontational task .
In contrast , participants preferred more pleasant activities when they expected to perform a non-confrontational task .
With this preference established , the researchers wanted to examine whether these inclinations to increase anger improved performance .
They randomly assigned participants to either the angry or excited emotion induction ( or a neutral condition ) and then had them play the confrontational and a non-confrontational computer games .
As expected , angry participants performed better than others in the confrontational game by successfully killing more enemies .
However , angry participants did not perform better than others in the non-confrontational game , which involved serving customers .
So it seems that individuals are not always striving to feel pleasure and may even be willing to endure some nasty emotions if necessary .
“ Such findings , ” write the authors “ demonstrate that what people prefer to feel at any given moment may depend , in part , on what they might get out of it . ”
Source : Association for Psychological Science
Jason , a loyal MR reader , asks :
Google was n’t able to help me here .
I figure that the longer you wait , the shorter the expected remaining waiting time .
However , in the worse case , if the lift has broken down , the waiting time could be infinite .
For an individual lift , one could , I suppose , collect some stats on average wait times , but I ’m interested in the best strategy for an arbitrary lift .
The technical approach is to model the arrival of the elevator as a mathematical process , set up the problem , and solve it .
The seat of the pants approach is to ask about your psychological biases .
Are you , in the first place , more likely to spend too much or too little time waiting for elevators ?
In my view standing and waiting is n’t so bad , provided you have something to do or think about .
So my advice is this : once you start waiting for an elevator , begin to think through some interesting problem you face .
The ideal is that when the elevator arrives , you will be disappointed and of course that means you have hedged your risk in the first place .
The question that people screw up is not how long they should wait but what they should do in the meantime .
If you ’ve finished thinking about your problem and the elevator still is n’t there , take the stairs .
Readers , what do you advise ?
Is there a second best case to be made for " elevator waiting indecisiveness , " or should you just have a simple time rule and stick with it ?
Is there a formula based upon the number of shafts and number of floors in the building ?
The frustrated look of the person standing next to you ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Tens of thousands of US inmates are paid from pennies to minimum wage — minus fines and victim compensation — for everything from grunt work to firefighting to specialized labor .
Here ’s a sampling of what they make , and for whom .
Eating in : Each month , California inmates process more than 680,000 pounds of beef , 400,000 pounds of chicken products , 450,000 gallons of milk , 280,000 loaves of bread , and 2.9 million eggs ( from 160,000 inmate - raised hens ) .
Starbucks subcontractor Signature Packaging Solutions has hired Washington prisoners to package holiday coffees ( as well as Nintendo Game Boys ) .
Confronted by a reporter in 2001 , a Starbucks rep called the setup “ entirely consistent with our mission statement . ”
Around the Big House : Texas inmates produce brooms and brushes , bedding and mattresses , toilets , sinks , showers , and bullwhips .
Bullwhips ?
Windows dressing :
In the mid-1990s , Washington prisoners shrink - wrapped software and up to 20,000 Microsoft mouses for subcontractor Exmark ( other reported clients : Costco and JanSport ) .
“ We do n’t see this as a negative , ” a Microsoft spokesman said at the time .
Dell used federal prisoners for PC recycling in 2003 , but stopped after a watchdog group warned that it might expose inmates to toxins .
Back to school : Texas and California inmates make dorm furniture and lockers , diploma covers , binders , logbooks , library book carts , locker room benches , and juice boxes .
Patriotic duties : Federal Prison Industries , a.k.a.
Unicor , says that in addition to soldiers ’ uniforms , bedding , shoes , helmets , and flak vests , inmates have “ produced missile cables ( including those used on the Patriot missiles during the Gulf War ) ” and “ wiring harnesses for jets and tanks . ”
In 1997 , according to Prison Legal News , Boeing subcontractor MicroJet had prisoners cutting airplane components , paying $ 7 an hour for work that paid union wages of $ 30 on the outside .
The law won : In Texas , prisoners make officers ’ duty belts , handcuff cases , and prison - cell accessories .
California convicts make gun containers , creepers ( to peek under vehicles ) , and human - silhouette targets .
A stitch in time : California inmates sew their own garb .
In the 1990s , subcontractor Third Generation hired 35 female South Carolina inmates to sew lingerie and leisure wear for Victoria ’s Secret and JCPenney .
In 1997 , a California prison put two men in solitary for telling journalists they were ordered to replace “ Made in Honduras ” labels on garments with “ Made in the usa . ”
Open wide :
At California ’s prison dental laboratory , inmates produce a complete prosthesis selection , including custom trays , try-ins , bite blocks , and dentures .
Constructive criticism : Prisoners in for burglary , battery , drug and gun charges , and escape helped build a Wal - Mart distribution center in Wisconsin in 2005 , until community uproar halted the program .
( Company policy says , “ Forced or prison labor will not be tolerated by Wal - Mart . ” )
On call : Its inmate call centers are the “ best kept secret in outsourcing , ” Unicor boasts .
In 1994 , a contractor for gop congressional hopeful Jack Metcalf hired Washington state prisoners to call and remind voters he was pro-death penalty .
Metcalf , who prevailed , said he never knew .
The Mojo Prison Guide Menu
U.S. Senator John McCain today issued the following statement on the flooding in the Midwest :
Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those impacted by the flooding throughout the Midwest .
Cindy and I would like to extend our sympathies to all those who have lost loved ones , and stand ready to help those in the Midwest to recover and rebuild .
This underscores why Team Obama launched their truth - squadding website yesterday as well as the urgency with which they need to define their candidate before November :
Fred Hobbs , a [ Tennessee ] Democratic Party executive committee member representing part of [ Rep. Lincoln ]
Davis ’ district , said he understands why Davis is not endorsing Obama and is “ skeptical ” of the Illinois senator himself .
“ Maybe [ it ’s ] the same reason I do n’t want to — I do n’t exactly approve of a lot of the things he stands for and I ’m not sure we know enough about him , ” Hobbs said when asked why he thought Davis was n’t endorsing Obama .
“ He ’s got some bad connections , and he may be terrorist connected for all I can tell .
It sounds kind of like he may be . ”
Davis was not made available for comment .
His chief of staff , Beecher Frasier , said he does n’t know for sure if Obama is “ terrorist connected ” but he assumes he ’s not .
This is not just a low - information voter — Hobbs was a Democratic superdelegate .
As Ben and I wrote last month , the perception of Obama as somehow un-American above all is the central challenge he faces .
UPDATE : Tenn Dem spokesman Wade Munday writes in to clarify that Hobbs was not a superdelegate .
He is a member of the state party leadership , though .
Munday blames the GOP for their own activist being " misinformed " and drops a reference to the Southern Strategy .
The Tennessee GOP has indeed twice pushed the envelope on the Obama front , but it would seem that a political activist sophisticated enough to get elected to the state party 's executive committee would know who Obama is beyond the caricacture some are happy to perpetuate .
The Tennessee Democratic Party is united behind our party ’s nominee , Sen. Barack Obama .
Mr. Hobbs is obviously misinformed , and his statement highlights the perpetual efforts of the Republican Party , especially here in Tennessee , to turn Internet smears and highly offensive gossip into their party ’s message against Sen.
Barack Obama as we head into the general election .
Instead of debating the issues , the Tennessee Republican Party continues to rely upon slanderous and salacious tall tales .
They are borrowing from the playbook first written by Richard Nixon and employed in the race against Congressman Harold Ford Jr. Tennesseans of every political persuasion are tired of these tactics .
comments closed
permalink
What to expect from a holiday this summer :
An inside scoop on my week in Crete
LOS ANGELES – I went to Electronic Arts ' Los Angeles studio last month in anticipation of E3 to play an early build of Command & Conquer Red Alert 3 , and I 'm still undecided as to how I feel about the game .
I can't decide whether its newfound focus on naval battles or the annoying sudden death mode annoy me because of my particular play style , or if series fans will agree that they are dubious additions at best .
I also do n't know how fans will react to the new third faction .
Robots are cool , but do transforming , anime - style mechas have a place alongside Tesla Troops ?
One thing 's for sure though :
If EA does n't change Tanya 's hair back to brown , there will be riots .
The biggest addition to Red Alert 3 is obviously the third faction .
Red Alert games have traditionally been about the tension between Soviet and Allied ( read : American ) forces , but Red Alert 3 branches out by adding a group called the Empire of the Rising Sun .
As you might expect from the name , the new faction is based heavily on a wide range of Japanese influences .
From stereotypical Evangelion - style anime mechs , to ninjas , to efficient salarymen , the Empire covers every stereotype Americans have about our Eastern brethren .
The Empire 's engineer even mimics Dance Dance Revolution when left alone too long .
Befitting the Empire 's hypertechnophilic slant , the faction relies almost entirely on machine - assisted , quick - expansion tactics .
While the Japanese God-Emperor back story crafted for the game is reminiscent of the zealotry of Starcraft 's Protoss , tactics for the group feel like a more colorful version of that same game 's Zerg .
Look for swarms of cheap Empire troops ( particularly the transforming robotic Tengu jets ) to fill early game rushes .
On the other hand , both the Allies and the Soviets remain largely unchanged , aside from minor balance tweaks to make sure the factions play nice with their new Asian counterparts .
Many stalwart units remain largely unchanged from Red Alert 2 , including homicidal ( mysterious blonde ) commando Tanya , the Allied attack dogs , Soviet Tesla Troops , Terror Drones and the mammoth Apocalypse Tank .
Of special note is the addition of Soviet anti-infantry units that , at least for the moment , are a bit too effective .
To match the Allied attack dogs , the Soviets were given Attack Bears .
Bizarrely , the bears themselves are less able in combat than the Allied dogs , but to EA 's credit the company was quick to point out that the dogs were " very well trained . "
Seemingly to counteract this deficient ursine problem , the Soviets are given robotic walkers called " Sickles " that simply destroy everything in front of them in the early game .
A favorite tactic of players at the EA preview was to simply construct three Sickles , then let them loose in the middle of the opponent 's base .
As anti-infantry units , it 's expected that they 'd decimate troops , but as it stands they have no trouble ripping apart buildings and tanks either .
If it sounds like I 'm focusing purely on the game 's tier - one units , there 's a good reason for that .
It 's not that the higher - power tier - two and - three units are n't cool – they are , particularly the Empire 's gigantic King Oni mech – but you 'll rarely see them in play .
Most games are quickly decided with a few tanks or infantry units well before you have time to develop the upgrades necessary for the more expensive weaponry .
Aside from the Empire , RA3's focus on naval combat is its most glaring change .
Every map we were shown had a large water component , and it 's obvious from the number of units that can move on both land and water that the game is meant to depict equal parts land and sea battles .
It 's such a huge change that it 's entirely possible to play the game on maps without any land .
I can see why players looking for something , anything to set the game apart from other strategy titles would be excited by this , but honestly I have no special attachment to boats , so I 'm apathetic at best to the naval direction .
Those who yearn for some hot boat - on - boat action will be pleased to hear that the game complements its new naval focus with the finest looking computer - generated water ever .
Without any hyperbole or exaggeration I can say that the water in Red Alert 3 tops every previous effort .
Realistically depicted wake , foam , flotsam and jetsam , and underwater wreckage is all present and at every level of magnification looks as near to the real thing as possible .
When boats are blown apart , they sink to the bottom where they remain visible .
It 's currently under debate how long this aquatic wreckage will remain on the map , but I 'm hoping EA at least includes an option for it to linger permanently since it adds greatly to each map 's ambiance .
I 'm sure there 's a design document saying naval battles would speed up gameplay – after all , more avenues of attack means more attacks – but right next to that design document is another one saying waterborne warfare just is n't enough .
EA 's solution ?
The " Red Alert Button . "
In the current build , the button lacks some necessary in - game explanation , but after asking a few of the developers about the flashing - Russian - text - emblazoned button that would continually pop up during gameplay , we were told it was something of a sudden death mode .
After a mysterious set of circumstances are met , the button appears accompanied by flashing lights .
Clicking the button sends your base into overdrive , and all your structures begin taking damage .
During the five minutes until your base completely self - destructs , you 're unable to build new structures or repair anything , but all units are almost free of charge and build almost instantly .
The goal is apparently to force players into epic battles before the button ends the game prematurely , but why anyone would intentionally destroy their base in an effort to speed up gameplay is sort of a question mark .
Though I tried to get a clear explanation of what the impetus behind adding the button was , it does n't seem like the team behind the game has a good answer for why it was added , aside from the obvious chaos it could cause .
Fans will enjoy the game .
It 's got enough of that classic Red Alert feel and pendulous balance between wacky and gritty to please those who 've followed the series since its inception , and assuming they balance it correctly , it should offer enough fun additions to earn a following .
The question now is whether or not they can balance the three factions .
I just do n't know if EA has enough time before the game 's October release date to fix everything .
Image : Electronic Arts
See Also :
ST . LOUIS 
With the shades inside a tavern on Pestalozzi Street drawn to block the early morning sun , Dave Liszewski , a third - shift worker at Anheuser - Busch , nursed a bottle of Bud Light and a hollowed sense of pride .
“ We were betrayed , ” said Mr. Liszewski , who was still not sure he could believe the news that the company had agreed to be sold .
“ The good Lord was sold out for 30 pieces of silver .
We were sold out for $ 70 a share . ”
August A. Busch IV , the scion who runs the family brewery that makes Budweiser and Michelob and dates to before the Civil War , had vowed that there would be no sale on his watch .
But in the end , sentiment and tradition were no match for a $ 52 billion offer from the Belgian beer giant InBev .
All around this old Midwestern city famous for its brew , heads have been shaking in disbelief .
Budweiser , the king of American beers , will belong to Europe .
For a video on Michael Phelps ' quest , please go here .
Threats will come from all sides .
Some will grab him , strangle him while he swims .
Some will wait until the lights have dimmed and the fans have left .
Every threat will eat at his energy and strength , until he comes up for air after his final race and realizes that his threats — or his dreams — are gone .
Swimming might never be wildly popular in America .
But for those who consider sports a test of human limits , there may be no more impressive feat than what Michael Phelps will do over nine days in August .
He will swim eight finals ( five individual , three relays ) and 17 races overall , including prelims and semis , in a quest to become the only Olympic athlete to win eight gold medals at a single Games .
Football , basketball , hockey and baseball players rest not only after games , but during games .
Tennis and soccer players get days off between matches .
Boxers get months .
But Phelps ?
Phelps will burn a marathon 's worth of calories in the pool every day for nine days , on his way to swimming more than 30 miles .
He will weaken with every minute , stroke and breath .
The threats will not .
THREAT 1 : PAIN
Phelps begins with the most difficult event : swimming 's decathlon , the 400 individual medley .
The race begins with 100 meters of butterfly , in which he must propel his body out of the pool , over and over , until he feels as if he 's doing squat jumps with two kids on his back .
The fly requires an edge , almost an anger .
" You have to be tougher , meaner , " says 1992 gold medalist Mel Stewart .
" If you do n't have a base of strength and stamina , you fade .
You die . "
Next , the backstroke .
Lie on your back , put ankle weights on and kick for a full minute .
That 's what the backstroke feels like .
By the end of these 100 meters , a swimmer 's quads and abs are shot .
The race is half over .
Switch to breaststroke , Phelps ' weakest .
He will struggle to hold form : back straight , elbows tight , head up , wrists snapping just so .
His arms will whine and the field will close in and someone might even pass him , as Ryan Lochte did in the trials .
The freestyle leg will take anything Phelps has left .
During breaststroke , muscles lock up .
Still , he must sprint for 50 more seconds .
Many swimmers drive the final 25 meters without lifting their head to breathe , to wring the final tenths out of the clock .
At trials , Matt Grevers saw spots and felt his consciousness start to slip away .
Phelps broke the world record to barely win the event at trials , and he called it " one of the most painful races of my life . "
He has 15 left .
PHELPS ' ANSWER :
He feels pain , but Phelps , 23 , has a not - so - secret antidote : the world 's best dolphin kick , which rockets him through the water on the butterfly leg at three meters per second — faster than any other swimmer .
So why was the 400 IM at trials so difficult ?
According to his coach Bob Bowman , Phelps did n't taper completely , so he did n't have the full physical reserve and muscle strength he 'll have in Beijing .
In other words , Phelps broke the world record without a full tank of gas .
THREAT 2 : FATIGUE
Between warmups , racing and warmdowns most mornings at the Games , Phelps will swim roughly 4,000 meters — the equivalent of running 11 miles — by noon .
He needs a nap , but time is consumed by medal ceremonies , drug testing and media demands before he finally boards a shuttle to athlete housing .
That 's right : Phelps stays in the Olympic Village , not a cushy hotel .
And he 'll take a bus instead of a limo .
He wo n't have easy access to his family , either .
In Athens , he once called his mom to complain he was alone while the other swimmers were having fun .
Then , as now , he was n't allowed out without a security detail .
Phelps hopes to get to bed by 10 , although he was awake much later in Athens .
Then he must sleep , which means forgetting what he 's accomplished that day and the expectations of tomorrow .
" You worry about the pressure , " says Katie Hoff , who also won five events at trials .
" Thinking about it makes me nervous , and too much of that can get to you . "
Every night , rest becomes more and more difficult to achieve , as pain builds and teammates who have finished can exhale and distract him .
Yet Phelps must awake fresh .
Unlike at every other major meet , finals in Beijing will be held in the morning so they can be aired live in the U.S. in prime time .
PHELPS ' ANSWER :
He has done this before — in Athens , where he swam eight events and won six golds and two bronzes ; at the 2007 worlds , where he won seven golds ; and at trials , where he won all five individual events .
Since Athens , Bowman has fine - tuned the schedule so Phelps wastes little time and no effort between events .
But mostly it comes down to Phelps :
His ability to focus and refusal to acknowledge exhaustion are legendary .
" He starts doing everything really precise , " says teammate Erik Vendt , " and that just builds up until the event . "
His flexible ankles ( he can make a straight line from knees to toes ) and size 14 feet give Phelps flipper - like propulsion .
Michael Muller / Contour by Getty Images
THREAT 3 : SCHEDULE
Check out this routine : Phelps will be up at 6:30 and eating eggs and oatmeal in the cafeteria by 7 .
He consumes 4,000 calories a day , including 2,000 — the recommended daily intake for the rest of us — in energy drinks alone .
He 'll arrive at the pool by 8 and stretch for 30 minutes , then have his last discussion with Bowman before that morning 's final .
He 'll warm up in the pool for 45 minutes , get out and change into his LZR Racer ( pulling on the tight suit takes 20 minutes ) .
He 'll swim another 10 minutes , dry off , throw on headphones and enter the ready room 15 minutes before the start .
After his race , Phelps has only minutes to celebrate before getting into the warmdown pool .
But between the race pool and the warmdown pool stand hundreds of reporters who want his time and the drug testers who require it .
Then lunch , a brief shot at a nap , a team meeting at 4:30 , a shuttle back to the pool at 5:30 , another warmup , another race ( prelims for the next day ) , a media session , another warmdown , another drug test , another shuttle ride , another meal , sleep .
On Morning 2 , instead of one swim he 'll have two : a semifinal of the 200 freestyle and the final of the 4x100 freestyle relay .
He 'll warm up , race , warm down , race , then warm down again .
Phelps will have double sessions on four of the first seven days .
PHELPS ' ANSWER :
In Athens , Bowman did n't sleep the night before the 100 butterfly , worried the frenzy had caught up with his star .
It seems the media onslaught , the wait for the shuttle and a random drug test forced him off his schedule .
But Phelps won anyway , even after trailing with 25 meters left .
Others become distracted when their routines are thrown off .
Concentration blown , they race opponents or fear or expectations .
Phelps ' greatest gift is his ability to compartmentalize , to focus on what he 's doing and race only himself .
THREAT 4 : MIND GAMES
As the Games go on , mental demons will take their toll .
" I swam four times in eight days in 1984 , " says NBC commentator Rowdy Gaines .
" I was a basket case . "
On the way to the pool before an event in 1972 , Mark Spitz wondered whether he was about to swim the 100 fly or the 200 free .
Even Phelps battled mood swings in Athens , once bickering with Bowman about how quickly he needed to board the shuttle to the pool .
Later , after he won gold , Phelps was so overwhelmed that Bowman had to drag him to the warmdown pool .
No matter how experienced Phelps may be , he still can be overwhelmed by the mental stimulation of the Olympics .
PHELPS ' ANSWER :
Routine .
Because he will be so busy in Beijing , Phelps will have little time for reflection , which will help him ride out emotional upheavals .
" Once I get to the competition , it 's like … "
Phelps pauses , " … it 's like I 'm in a cage , so just let me out , because I know exactly what to do .
I know how to prepare myself .
I know how to warm up .
I know how to get my head in the game .
Competition is my favorite part of the sport .
That 's what I do best . "
THREAT 5 : DOUBT
Baseball players do n't have to worry about Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig looking over their shoulders , but many of swimming 's legends still roam pool decks .
Matt Biondi showed up at trials and pointed out how different Beijing will be from Omaha .
He even threw down a prediction : " There 's going to be an upset in Beijing .
The human body has limits . "
The great Spitz , who won a record seven golds in Munich , has been very supportive .
But even he wonders aloud how the constant competition from Lochte and Ian Crocker will wear on Phelps .
The swimming world wo n't bet against Phelps , but many wonder if winning eight golds is actually possible .
PHELPS ' ANSWER :
He loves doubt .
Craves it .
Phelps scours newspapers for challenges he can cut out and paste on his wall .
Before Athens , he hung a poster of Ian Crocker above his bed so he could stare into his rival 's eyes every night .
When retired Aussie legend Ian Thorpe said he did n't think anyone could win eight races at a single Olympics , Phelps memorized the quote to motivate him for Beijing .
His target times for these Games are scribbled on a piece of paper that he wo n't show even his mom .
" I want to do something that 's never been done , " he says .
" That 's what 's on that paper . "
Beijing 's Water Cube will host Phelps ' nine - day , 30 - mile , eight - event swimming odyssey .
Chinafotopress / Getty Images
THREAT 6 : COMPETITION
In Athens , Phelps began with an easy 400 IM win .
Not this time .
Close friend Lochte and Hungarian Laszlo Cseh together own five of the top 10 times in the event 's history .
( Phelps has the other five . )
Says Lochte : " I know I can beat him . "
If he does n't take Phelps in the 400 , Lochte will get another shot in the 200 IM .
But the cruelest twist comes near the end : Phelps ' 16th swim is the 100 fly final against world record - holder Crocker , who will race only one event in Beijing .
Crocker will rest all week while Phelps churns and burns .
PHELPS ' ANSWER :
Phelps could have doggy - paddled the last 50 meters of the 400 IM at trials and still finished second to Lochte to earn a team spot .
But he went full tilt because he loves to race .
Same with Lochte .
Same with Crocker .
In the 100 fly final at trials , Phelps passed his rival in the final meters for the win .
A fight just makes Phelps better , says U.S. coach Mark Schubert .
" Ryan Lochte is the best thing that ever happened to Michael Phelps . "
THREAT 7 : LEGACY
Remember Bode Miller ?
He 's the best U.S. skier of all time , but many sports fans think he 's a bust .
An Olympic disappointment will do that .
Even Olympic success can do that .
In 1988 , Biondi won five golds , a silver and a bronze and broke four world records , but NBC's Bob Costas focused on his failure to win seven golds .
Even the six golds and two bronzes Phelps won in 2004 were seen as a disappointment by some .
In Beijing , nothing short of eight golds will satisfy a public fixated on new records .
PHELPS ' ANSWER :
It used to be common for swimmers to retire in their early 20s , and Phelps has said in the past that he 'll retire by 30 .
But training methods and nutrition have changed , and let 's not forget the motivation Phelps gets from the $ 5 million or so he makes annually as a swimmer .
Phelps ' desire to do the impossible wo n't subside next year , or anytime soon .
Bet on this :
He will compete in London at age 27 , and again in Chicago , if the city wins the bid , for the 2016 Games .
Phelps ' legacy will not be written until long after Beijing .
THREAT 8 : THE UNEXPECTED
Challenges to Phelps ' quest could come from any direction .
He could catch a cold .
His shuttle bus could break down .
Water could flood his beloved LZR Racer and sink him .
Or the challenge could be nothing .
At trials , Brendan Hansen , the Olympic bronze medalist and American record - holder , failed to qualify for Beijing in the 200 breaststroke and said this : " I do n't know .
I came in and had a really good feeling in warmup and everything . "
Do n't think Phelps is n't aware of the possibility that he could have an off day or two .
Phelps has set 22 individual world records , starting with his first in 2001 .
Michael Muller / Contour by Getty Images
PHELPS ' ANSWER :
Phelps will make errors .
During trials , he took a double breath in one race , had a substandard turn in a second and struggled through the first lap in a third .
But he won anyway .
That 's the thing about Phelps :
He always finds a way to touch first .
In the past four years , he 's won every major race except the 200 free in Athens , where he finished third to Ian Thorpe .
In 2007 , he broke Thorpe 's world record .
Bowman likes to quote a saying : " When the time to perform has come , time to prepare has passed . "
And nobody prepares like Phelps .
He will likely leave China with more career gold medals than any Olympian in history ( track star Carl Lewis is one of four athletes with nine ) .
To the media , he 'll be a topic of debate about the greatest ever .
To kids , he 'll be an idol or a heartthrob .
To Speedo , a cash cow .
To fellow swimmers , a source of awe .
But with his seared muscles and dazed mind , with his screaming joints and heavy head , Michael Phelps will be exactly what the ancients intended back when it all began .
He will be an Olympian , in the truest sense of the word .
For a Mag.
Com exclusive on pool timing systems see : 5 THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW … ABOUT OLYMPIC SWIM TIMING .
Kontaktlinser och linser
Som en av Europas första ( est. 1999 ) och största återförsäljare av linser och kontaktlinser på Internet erbjuder vi ett brett sortiment av kontaktlinser , färgade linser och linsvätska till mycket bra priser och snabba leveranser !
Vi säljer enbart originalproducerade linser från samtliga välkända internationella tillverkare som Ciba Vision , Johnson & Johnson , Bausch & Lomb , CooperVision , Alcon m.fl .
Vår linsexpert har flera års erfarenhet från kontaktlinsbranschen .
Dessutom har vi en legitimerad optiker som jobbar för oss som säkerställer produktkvaliteten och korrekta rekommendationer .
> {-# OPTIONS - fno-monomorphism - restriction #-}
> {-# LANGUAGE MultiParamTypeClasses , FlexibleInstances , Arrows #-}
> import Data .
Array
> import Data .
Foldable as F
> import Control .
Monad
> import Control .
Arrow
> data Pointer i e = P { index : :i , array : : Array i e } deriving Show
> bind f x = x >>= f
> class Functor w =>
Comonad w where
> (=>> ) :: w a -> ( w a -> b ) -> w b
> x =>> f = fmap f ( cojoin x )
> coreturn :: w a -> a
> cojoin :: w a -> w ( w a )
> cojoin x = x =>>
id
> cobind :: ( w a -> b ) -> w a -> w b
> cobind f x = x =>> f
> instance Ix i => Functor ( Pointer i ) where
> fmap f ( P i a ) = P i ( fmap f a )
> instance Ix i => Comonad ( Pointer i ) where
> coreturn ( P i a ) = a !i
> P i a =>> f = P i $ listArray bds ( fmap ( f . flip P a ) ( range bds ) )
> where bds = bounds a
m
a -> m b
m a ->m b
w
w a -> b
w a -> w b
> wrap i = if i < 0 then i+5 else if i> 4 then i - 5 else i
> blur ( P i a ) = do
> let k = wrap ( i - 1 )
> let j = wrap ( i+1 )
> let s = 1.0*a!k + 2.0*a!i + 1.0*a!j
> print $ " sum = " ++ show s
> return s
w a -> m b
g :: w a -> m b
f :: w b -> m c
bind
cobind
bind g :: w a -> w ( m b )
cobind f :: m ( w b ) -> m c
w ( m b )
m ( w b )
sequence
[ ]
> class Distributes m w where
> distribute :: w ( m a ) -> m ( w a )
> instance ( Monad m , Ix i ) => Distributes m ( Pointer i ) where
> distribute ( P i ma ) = do
> let bds = bounds ma
> a <- sequence ( elems ma )
> return $ P i ( listArray bds a )
a
b
a
b
> data A m w a b = A { runA :: w a -> m b }
> instance ( Distributes m w , Monad m, Comonad w ) =>
Arrow ( A m w ) where
> A g >>>
A f = A $ bind f . distribute .
cobind g
> first ( A f ) = A $ \x -> do
> u <- f ( fmap fst x )
> return $ ( u , coreturn ( fmap snd x ) )
> pure f = A $ return . f . coreturn
> x = P 0 $ listArray ( 0,4 ) ( map return [ 0.0.. 4.0 ] )
> g = proc a -> do
> b <- A blur -< a
> n <- A blur -< 1
> returnA -< a-b/n
x
> liftCM :: ( Distributes m w , Monad m , Comonad w ) =>
A m w a b -> w ( m a ) -> w ( m b )
> liftCM ( A f ) = cobind ( \x -> distribute x >>= f )
> y = liftCM g x
> result = sequence ( toList ( Main.array y ) )
liftCM
A m w a b
w ( m a ) -> w ( m b )
m ( w a ) -> m ( w b )
I can't yet read most of this paper on Combining a Monad and a Comonad because I 've no experience with 2 - categories .
Nonetheless , there 's something useful I can extract from the bits that do make sense - the idea of combining a monad with a comonad in the way that we already combine monads using monad transformers .
In my previous post I hinted at the idea that the cobind operation for a comonad was a bit like an operation on a SIMD computer that allows every processor to get access to information local to every other processor .
The idea now will be to allow those processors to also exploit monads to perform operations like IO .
First let me first reintroduce the code for the array comonads I considered before so that this post again becomes a self - contained literate Haskell post : Remember how things work with monads .
Ifis a monad , then given a functionwe can lift it to a function .
Similarly , with a comonadwe can lift a functionto a function .
In fact , I wrote about all this a while back Just like before , we can write a simple ' blur ' function , except this time it also performs some I /O.
Notice that blur is of the form .
So how can we compose these things ?
Considerand .
Usingandwe can ' lift ' the head and tail of these functions : and We can almost compose these functions .
But the catch is that we need a function fromto .
Conveniently , there 's a prototypical example of such a thing in the ghc libraries , the functionwhich distributes any monad over .
As we can easily move back and forth between arrays and lists we can write :
And now we can compose these funny dual - sided Kleisli / coKleisli arrows .
But before writing a composition function , note what we have .
We 're looking at functions that can make - ish things to - ish things , and we can compose them like functions directly fromto .
This is precisely the design pattern captured by arrows .
So we can write : Now check out page 1323 of Signals and Comonads by Uustalu and Vene .
Honestly , I found that paper after I wrote the above code .
It 's almost line for line identical !
Anyway , now we can try an example .
First some data to work on :
This is like last post 's except that as I 've now used a non-normalised blur operation I can show how arrow notation makes it easy to fix that :
That 's a very simple ( and inefficient ) high pass filter by the way .
At the end of the day , however , we still need to be able to lift our arrows to act onAnd convert the result to something we can look at :
It might not be quite the result you expected because we see a lot of I/O .
Each computation that is tainted with I/O will carry that I /O with it .
So every bit of I/ O that was computed by any value that that went into the final result remains hanging round its neck until the bitter end , with duplications if the value was duplicated .
Of course there are lots of other monad / comonad pairs to try , so maybe there are some other interesting combinations lurking around .
Exercise : lifts an arrowto a function .
You can also implement a lift to .
Implement it and figure out what it does .
Suppose you have a controversial project you wish to push through , but you ’re afraid that if you come right out and say what you ’re up to , there will be so many objections from other officials and ordinary citizens that you might never get a chance to implement your agenda .
But you ’re savvy about how influence - molding works and you know that with the right kind of massive publicity and P.R. campaigns , you probably can “ spin ” public perception in your direction .
So , on a foundation of lies and deception , you decide to launch your project , careful to keep absolutely secret the most controversial aspects .
And then , under the table , you hire ( a.k.a. “ bribe ” ) numerous journalists , opinion pundits and respected “ consultants ” to speak on behalf of your product .
It works !
The public is snowed by the P.R. momentum and by the overwhelming consensus of the “ experts , ” and your project takes off .
This is how such things are done every day in the business and advertising world .
What ’s the big deal ?
THE LIES & DECEPTIONS
Well , as you ’ve probably figured out , I ’m talking about the way the CheneyBush Administration sold the Iraq War / Occupation to us citizens .
We ’ve known for a long time about the various lies and deceptions that took America to war — the supposed “ weapons of mass destruction ” that Saddam was supposed to possess but did n’t , his alleged ties to al - Qaida that did n’t really exist , his supposed but non-existent complicity in the 9/11 attacks , and so on .
Eventually , even the Administration was forced to concede there were no WMD , no ties to 9/11 , no relationship to Al Qaida , though it vowed never to let those inconvenient facts get in the way of continuing its occupation of Iraq .
( And Cheney and his minions still continue to this day to hint at the old deceptions . )
Also revealed some years back was that the Administration secretly put various conservative TV / radio / print journalists on the payroll to write / speak favorably about various programs and policies emanating from the Executive Branch .
THOSE PENTAGON “ EXPERTS ”
What we did n’t know about until the New York Times broke the story a few weeks ago was that the CheneyBush Administration , to help sell the pending Iraq war to members of Congress and the citizenry at large , marshaled a huge phalanx of retired military officers and sent them out disguised as private , independent “ experts ” and “ consultants ” to deliver the pro-war spin the Administration wanted .
The author of the story , David Barstow , used the term “ media Trojan horse ” to describe the impact of this deception .
Because the media , always eager to curry favor with the Administration , did not vet the bona fides of these “ private consultants , ” the public had no knowledge of the retired officers ’ deep and abiding connection to the Pentagon .
These ex-military officers received special briefings , including by Rumsfeld himself , on the Administration ’s daily spin points , and they either had or would soon be receiving high - paying jobs with various defense contractors .
What the public now knows is that the daily commentary and advice by the “ military experts ” — supposedly independent analysts , free of any conflicts of interest — helped “ catapult the propaganda ” ( to borrow Bush ’s own term ) in favor of war with Iraq .
And it worked : CheneyBush and their neo-con ideologues inside the Administration got U.S. boots on the ground in Iraq , controlled the oil flowing out of that country , created chaos and catastrophe from which their huge private - corporation sponsors could make huge pots of money , built the world ’s largest new embassy in Baghdad , and constructed permanent military bases inside that country from where the U.S. will help control the geopolitics of the greater Middle East for generations to come , etc. etc .
All this presents a perfect illustration of Naomi Klein ’s thesis of “ shock doctrine ” and “ disaster capitalism . ”
This use of hired guns — all those prestigious , smart - looking ex-generals and such — to do their propaganda work for them is further confirmation of the mendacity , duplicity and illegality Bush &Co. employ to get their way .
LITTLE OR NO COVERAGE
True to form , of course , the corporate mainstream media have paid scant , if any , attention to this story of how dozens of retired officers helped shape American military policy while secretly still attached to the Administration teat .
See here , here , and here .
In this instance , and many more that could be named , the mainstream press , by not mentioning or following up on such CheneyBush scandals , does democracy a dangerous disservice .
Our political system depends on citizens receiving accurate information about what ’s being done in their names so that they can make intelligent decisions when voting for those who represent them .
LIES & DECEPTIONS
If they respond at all , Busheviks tend to say that even if these stories are true , how we wound up in Iraq is “ old news , ” it ’s history , we ’re there , let ’s just make the best of it , “ finish the job ” and then go home .
However , if your original reasons for invading a sovereign country were based on lies and deceptions , and a lot of incorrect assumptions and ignorance , then your occupation policies will never work and you will have alienated and angered the local population to the point of violent resistance against you .
The result :
You will be stuck in a quagmire of your own devising , where the most you can hope for is endless stalemate .
This was the case of the U.S. screwup in Vietnam in the 1960s and ’ 70s , and it ’s the case today with the its five - years - and - counting occupation of Iraq .
Now , it can be argued that endless stalemate is of no great concern to the shock - doctrine practitioners of Bush &Co. ; indeed , it may be the desired result as it guarantees prolonged chaos and thus more need for companies like Blackwater , Bechtel , Halliburton , KBR , et al. to help keep the broken society together .
The US and Iraqi dead and maimed are but the inevitable “ collateral damage . ”
But , as CheneyBush have learned , domestically you can push the US military , and American citizens , only so far before both begin to push back and call for a new , more rational approach to political and foreign - policy adventuring .
Key military officers within the Joint Chiefs of Staff ( even , to some extent , Defense Secretary Gates ) are watching their armed forces stretched much too thin around the globe .
Because there is no military draft , the Pentagon is forced to use and abuse its existing troops to the point of near - rebellion , resulting in lower morale and increased psychological damage , including 300,000 Iraq veterans returning home with mental problems and a rising rate of suicides .
’08 VOTE A REFERENDUM ON WAR
This abuse includes overuse of the stop - loss policy of refusing to let soldiers go home after they ’ve completed their Iraq rotation , constantly recalling troops who have been sent home after completing their extended service , lowering the army ’s physical , intellectual , psychological and moral standards in order to fill the recruiting gap when the services can’t meet their enlistment quotas , returning physically or psychologically wounded soldiers to battle despite their doctors ’ recommendations , etc. etc .
Moreover , the citizens appear to have had enough .
Since two - thirds of polled Americans believe the Iraq invasion and occupation are outrageously expensive follies and it ’s time to start bringing the troops back home , the opposition party is about to nominate as its presidential candidate someone who aims to get the troops out within 16 months .
The Republican Party is set to nominate someone who wants to continue the CheneyBush war even if it means keeping US troops in Iraq for a hundred years or more , and probably starting more conflagrations in the Greater Middle East .
In a fair and open election , the Democratic candidate should win that contest easily .
However , there is compelling evidence that in the past eight years , US elections have been corrupted through the use of hackable , unverifiable , paperless “ touch - screen ” machines , and vote - tabulating computers , which utilize secret software , manufactured and programmed by companies with Republican affiliations .
BOMB , BOMB , BOMB IRAN
All this is n’t just “ old history . ”
CheneyBush are itching to bomb Iran ’s military installations and scientific laboratories while they are still in control of the Executive Branch , and are “ catapulting the propaganda ” for such an attack in ways eerily similar to how they deceived Congress and the American people into bombing and invading Iraq .
There are reports that Secretary Gates has been trying to stop such attack - Iran moves , or at least to greatly reduce the scale of the operation .
But other reports suggest that the decision to bomb already has been made , and the appointment of Gen.
David Petraeus to take over at Central Command is a key sign that all the ducks are just about lined up in a row .
( The former head of Central Command , Admiral William Fallon , said there would be no attack on Iran on his watch ; he was forced out , and CheneyBush lackey Petraeus was moved over from Iraq . )
BURMESE MILITARY ’S “ OPPORTUNITY ”
“ The shock doctrine ” is not employed solely by American governments and multi-national corporations .
In Burma ( Myanmar ) , the military junta ruling that country , having just put down a potential revolt led by Buddhist monks , clearly is terrified that a coup might be organized by individuals or organizations who want to bring aid into the country to help the residents in the wake of the cyclone disaster .
And so they ’re keeping those aid workers out of the country , thus putting at risk the lives and health of hundreds of thousands of refugees pouring into Rangoon and elsewhere in search of medical care , food , shelter .
The effect of the disaster and the Burmese government ’s insufficient response to it means that a good share of the junta ’s political opposition is now dead or dealing with the aftermath of the huge , rampaging storm .
In other words , the disaster offers a great “ opportunity ” for the ruling elite to settle old scores by continuing to repress the opposition and to remake the affected areas as they wish .
( There have been reports , unconfirmed , of bodies of monks being found in the cyclone rubble — burned in a suspicious manner — mixed in with the tens of thousands of other corpses found floating in the rice fields and ditches and rivers . )
The long time - delay in getting food , water and shelter to the hundreds of thousands of displaced survivors of the cyclone is reminiscent of the way the Bush Administration dilly - dallied with regard to the post - Katrina period in New Orleans and Mississippi .
In her book , Klein used the Katrina experience as a perfect example of “ disaster capitalism ” in the US : A government watches a natural catastrophe wipe out an entire population sector , and lets the catastrophe play out over days and weeks and months — with large numbers of citizens abandoning their homes , forced to go elsewhere for adequate assistance — and then giving no -bid contracts to Blackwater and Halliburton and KBR for the reconstruction phase , in accord with social planning as laid out by the ideologues in the White House .
In Burma , the government may not be operating out of an exactly similar motivation , but the result appears to be much the same : using a natural calamity to reshape the economic , political and social future of the affected region for their own political and economic aims .
NATURAL RESOURCE SHORTAGES
As for the huge worldwide “ run ” on commodities — especially important staples such as wheat , rice , oil — already local greed - merchants and multi-national companies are salivating at the prospect of selling , at exorbitant rates , food and shelter and clothing and oil and the like .
They will be literally “ making a killing ” on the backs of the starving , the poor , the dispossessed .
In so doing , in line with Klein ’s “ shock doctrine ” and “ disaster capitalism ” theses , these elite forces will be re-shaping the politics , economies and social arrangements of these countries for generations , both to consolidate and expand their reigns of power and to benefit themselves and their rapacious , greedy supporters .
In short , when catastrophes are being dealt with , it does n’t seem to matter what the operating governmental system is , be it fascist , communist , dictatorial , democratic , etc .
By and large , the power / economic / political elites see the unfolding tragedies of their citizens as “ opportunities ” for expansion of control , for ways to eliminate or dilute their opposition , for fattening the bank accounts of their large - corporation supporters in rebuilding and reconstructing these devastated societies , in line with their own greed agendas .
This is the world that only will change when these elites and systems are systematically confronted , changed , or overthrown by citizens operating under a different moral system , who decide they ’ve finally had enough .
It would be more effective , of course , if a strong progressive movement were to develop overnight in America to affect such wide - sweeping reforms in this country .
However , removing Republicans from the White House in 2008 at least would be a significant sign of the beginnings of the public ’s strong desire for significant changes .
Jenny McCarthy's HOT Malibu Beach Bikini Photos
andwere strolling the beach in Malibu on the 4th of July .
The lovely Jenny was sporting a sexy black swimsuit , the same style made famous by Borat but we must say she fills it out in ways that he could n't have managed under any circumstances .
Jim Carrey is so smitten with her little black garment that he gets into the act - see bottom of this post .
McCarthy launched her career after posing for Playboy in 1993 .
She became a Playmate of the Month and later the Playmate of the Year .
She moved to Los Angeles following that notoriety and landed an MTV hosting gig in 1995 .
McCarthy currently stars on the five part series
In the Motherhood on MSN with Chelsea Handler and Leah Remini .
Jim Carrey has three films in the works for 2009 release : A Christmas Carol , I Love You Phillip Morris and Ripley 's Believe It or Not !
His last film , Horton Hears a Who was a box office success , bringing in over $ 151 million .
Whatever this man touches turns golden .
Bruce Almighty , Fun with Dick and Jane , How the Grinch Stole Christmas and Lemony Snicket are just a few of his other films that grossed between $ 110 million and $ 250 million .
The great looking couple live in the area and were photographed enjoying some sun time near their Malibu beach pad .
The actors have been a serious couple since December 2005 .
Her six year old son Evan was diagnosed with autism three years ago and she has since become an activist and author on the subject .
Her book , Louder Than Words : A Mother 's Journey in Healing Autism discusses the need to eradicate toxins from vaccines .
She and Carrey led a Washington D.C. march and rally in June to heighten awareness .
Cheryl Burke was a guest of the couple yesterday and she was captured wearing a pink striped conservative bikini .
She made news earlier in the week when she exited a night club in what appeared to be a very inebriated state .
The professional dancer is best known for her work on Dancing with the Stars .
She has partnered with winners Drew Lachey and Emmit Smith in the second and third seasons .
She and partner Christian de la Fuente , who suffered a serious injury while dancing on the show , made it to the finals in season six , where they ended up in third place .
McCarthy met Burke on the DWTS show last fall when she partnered with Derek Hough .
Check out their beach romp from yesterday at Malibu below
Click here for Jim Carrey wearing Jenny 's sexy bikini .
Hysterical .
Photos : WENN
Ever since the 1750s , when the writer , satirist , statesman and inventor Benjamin Franklin put political cartooning on the map by publishing the first cartoon of the genre in America , artists have combined their talent , wit and political beliefs to create cartoons that enrage , enlighten or simply engage the viewer .
A picture may paint a thousand words , but a cartoon provokes , protests and entertains – all at once .
It is this that makes cartoonists so valuable and influential in times of crisis .
Today , that crisis is climate change , and clever imagery can give new impetus to our struggle to combat global warming .
The organisers of Earthworks 2008 , a global cartoon competition , believe that art and humour are simple ways to get the environmental message across .
" We set up the competition to give cartoonists around the world a platform on which to express themselves , " says John Renard , one of the Earthworks organisers .
" We hoped that the competition would stimulate cartoonists to use their pens and wit to help combat environmental devastation and give new impetus to our desperate fight to stop global warming , " he says .
" After all , humour is often a valuable key in the struggle to win hearts and minds . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But despite the sharp wit that pervades the cartoons , climate change is no laughing matter for their creators .
The 50 or so countries from which the 600 competition entries were sent are all suffering the effects of global warming , some more dramatically than others .
Two cartoons were sent from Burma , where in May this year a cyclone tore through five regions along the western coast , killing at least 100,000 people , and leaving millions more without shelter , food , or clean water .
And although governments around the world are reluctant to suggest , officially , that the disaster in Burma is a direct result of global warming , there 's little doubt that it will have added to the cyclone 's destructive power .
Studies published in the journals Nature and Science have demonstrated a link between rising sea temperatures and increased wind - speed of cyclones and hurricanes , and even US - government - funded organisations such as the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration admit that a warming of the global climate will affect the severity of storms .
" Experiencing first - hand the catastrophic effects of climate change allowed these artists to give their cartoons a special poignancy , " says Renard .
" And it brought home to us the burden of responsibility to do our utmost to prevent such devastation becoming more common . "
But dramatic weather changes are n't the only consequences of global warming and the cartoons reflected this , with some artists focusing on species loss or coral reef degradation , others on rising seas or water wars .
Certain effects of global warming , such as shortages of food and clean water , for example , clearly resonated with cartoonists from places like Yemen and Syria , where increases in average temperatures have already exposed the population , particularly children and the elderly , to potentially life - threatening diarrhoea and malnutrition .
Predictably , water scarcity and desertification were common themes among the entries , with many images showing parched landscapes , dry oceans and dying animals .
These cartoons illustrate what is already occurring in hotter parts of the world such as Africa , Australia and South America , but dwindling supplies of fresh water potentially affect everyone .
Even in Britain 's supposedly wet climate , summer hosepipe bans have become routine .
And , according to the Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations , every continent is suffering , with water scarcity already affecting 40 per cent of the world 's population .
Receiving competition entries from individuals who have had to endure the adverse effects of climate change is , you could argue , to be expected , but entries also came in from those countries most often accused of halting progress towards cutting greenhouse emissions .
There were several entries from China , the world 's second biggest producer of greenhouse gases , which also continues to build , on average , one new coal - fired power plant every week and has no intention of stopping or slowing production .
There were also entries from the United States , whose government has stubbornly refused to acknowledge the impact of human activity on global warming and remains one of the few countries not to have ratified the Kyoto Protocol on climate change .
Brazilian cartoonists , too , felt the urge to illustrate their disappointment with a government that failed to prevent the terrifying pace of deforestation in their country , where 1,250 square miles of Amazon forest were lost in the latter half of last year .
Many of the competition entries showed passion and were exceptionally well drawn , but the winner , " Coat Star " by Mikhail Zlatkovsky from Russia , held a particularly poignant message , the judges felt , showing humanity in the form of a man indecently exposing himself to a pristine universe .
" It says , ' This is the disdain we 've shown our world ' , " says Renard .
" And we felt the sleaziness was appropriate to the topic . "
Second prize went to Constantin Ciosu , from Romania , for his illustration of a man holding a flower being chased by hundreds of butterflies , a humorous and unusual take on the world 's dwindling natural resources .
Finally , " The Hand " by Tawan Chuntraskawvong , from Thailand , was chosen for its immediate impact .
The judging panel , which included cartoonists Martin Rowson and Morten Morland and Green Party principal speaker Dr Derek Wall , among others , had a tough job choosing the three winners .
" We were quite taken aback by the enormous response this year , " says Renard .
" And the entries were simply outstanding .
Some cartoons were bitingly satirical , others outrageously funny or bitter and even fatalistic , but none were neutral or indifferent . "
The panel made their choices , ultimately , on the basis of the clarity of the message .
" Language should be unnecessary , the imagery should transcend the need for words , " says Renard .
" And the judges felt the winning cartoons sent a message that could be understood internationally , across cultural , religious or political barriers and boundaries . "
Powerful , uncompromi-sing and uncomfortable , the cartoons bring home what global warming will mean : not a Costa Brava on the south coast but desertification , widespread hunger and , ultimately , our own destruction .
But the allow us a wry smile as we interpret each artist 's take on global warming .
And if it 's true , as George Orwell stated , that " every joke is a tiny revolution " , these cartoons should get the wheel turning .
A selection of the best cartoons will go on tour over the next year , details and information on the next biennial competition will be announced on www.kenspraguefund.org.
The Ken Sprague Fund was set up to commemorate the work and ideas of the cartoonist and graphic artist , Ken Sprague , who died in 2004
Slogans like " Pope Go Homo " and " The Pope Is Wrong - Put a Condom On " will be splashed across protesters '
T - shirts during next week 's World Youth Day ( WYD ) .
Up to 500,000 people are expected to attend WYD events , including more than 100,000 international visitors .
The event will also mark Pope Benedict XVI 's first visit to Australia , with the pontiff expected to arrive in Sydney on Sunday .
The NoToPope Coalition held an " annoying fashion parade " outside NSW parliament on Wednesday to unveil the shirts they will wear during a Sydney rally on July 19 .
The group fears police will ban them from wearing the shirts , after NSW Police were given powers to arrest anyone they believe is causing annoyance or inconvenience to WYD pilgrims .
Emacs Common Lisp is an implementation of Common Lisp written in Emacs Lisp .
That means you can run Common Lisp programs in Emacs , and you can write Emacs extensions in Common Lisp .
At this stage , much of ANSI Common Lisp is implemented , but , among other things , CLOS and pretty printing are missing .
For more information , see the README file .
There is a mailing list for discussion about Emacs Common Lisp .
( Also accessible through Gmane . )
Browse the git repository here .
EmacsWiki page .
SOME SCIENTISTS SEE their work make headlines .
But MIT meteorologist Edward Lorenz watched his work become a catch phrase .
Lorenz , who died in April , created one of the most beguiling and evocative notions ever to leap from the lab into popular culture : the " butterfly effect , " the concept that small events can have large , widespread consequences .
The name stems from Lorenz 's suggestion that a massive storm might have its roots in the faraway flapping of a tiny butterfly 's wings .
Translated into mass culture , the butterfly effect has become a metaphor for the existence of seemingly insignificant moments that alter history and shape destinies .
Typically unrecognized at first , they create threads of cause and effect that appear obvious in retrospect , changing the course of a human life or rippling through the global economy .
In the 2004 movie " The Butterfly Effect " - we watched it so you do n't have to - Ashton Kutcher travels back in time , altering his troubled childhood in order to influence the present , though with dismal results .
In 1990 's " Havana , " Robert Redford , a math - wise gambler , tells Lena Olin , " A butterfly can flutter its wings over a flower in China and cause a hurricane in the Caribbean .
They can even calculate the odds . "
Such borrowings of Lorenz 's idea might seem authoritative to unsuspecting viewers , but they share one major problem :
They get his insight precisely backwards .
The larger meaning of the butterfly effect is not that we can readily track such connections , but that we can't .
To claim a butterfly 's wings can cause a storm , after all , is to raise the question :
How can we definitively say what caused any storm , if it could be something as slight as a butterfly ?
Lorenz 's work gives us a fresh way to think about cause and effect , but does not offer easy answers .
Pop culture references to the butterfly effect may be bad physics , but they 're a good barometer of how the public thinks about science .
They expose the growing chasm between what the public expects from scientific research - that is , a series of ever more precise answers about the world we live in - and the realms of uncertainty into which modern science is taking us .
. . .
The butterfly effect is a deceptively simple insight extracted from a complex modern field .
As a low - profile assistant professor in MIT 's department of meteorology in 1961 , Lorenz created an early computer program to simulate weather .
One day he changed one of a dozen numbers representing atmospheric conditions , from .506127 to .506 .
That tiny alteration utterly transformed his long - term forecast , a point Lorenz amplified in his 1972 paper , " Predictability : Does the Flap of a Butterfly 's Wings in Brazil Set Off a Tornado in Texas ? "
Smiling Health Quote
" In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired . " - Author Unknown
@mhlaxp : HELLS YEAH !!
My father bought that set for me when I was in traction in the hospital when I was 16 .
I decided to build the alt model though ( the kick ass submarine with the deployable mini robot ) .
Yes , I built it with one working hand and my teeth .
The nurses thought I was nuts .
God I miss my Legos .
By Matt Slater
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Olympic legend Carl Lewis has called on governments around the world to make the use of banned substances in sport a criminal offence .
Lewis , who won nine Olympic golds during a glittering career , believes only urgent action can rescue athletics ' drug - tarnished reputation .
He told BBC Sport : " If people want a clean sport , we must bring together governments , the public and athletes .
" I would change the law - if you test positive , why can't it be illegal ? "
Lewis 's call comes against a backdrop of doping scandals that have left athletics on its knees - a depressing scenario with the Beijing Olympics only three months away .
The list of fallen idols makes alarming reading .
Marion Jones , who won five medals at the 2000 Olympics , is currently in prison and Tim Montgomery , a former world 100 m record - holder , is awaiting a prison sentence .
Dwain Chambers did n't have talent - he had to take drugs , he had to cheat
Carl Lewis
What started in 2003 with an investigation into an obscure sports supplement firm in California - the now notorious Bay Area Laboratory Co-Operative ( Balco ) - has become a tidal wave of bad news that has wrecked the sport 's credibility .
And with the trial of Trevor Graham - the coach of 2004 Olympic 100 m champion Justin Gatlin , who is serving a four - year ban for failing a drugs test - set to start in San Francisco this month , the negative headlines are going to keep coming .
That trial looks particularly ominous .
Maurice Greene , the Olympic 100 m champion in 2000 and current ambassador for world athletics ' governing body , the IAAF , was named by the prosecutors ' main witness in an interview with The New York Times .
Angel Guillermo Heredia told the newspaper that Greene bought banned performance - enhancing substances from him in 2003 and 2004 .
The sprinter , now retired , denies using performance - enhancing drugs and has never failed a drugs test .
Furthermore , Graham 's lawyers have described Heredia as a discredited witness who has cut a deal to " divert attention from his illicit drug dealing and the illicit drug usage by athletes " .
Athletics has been struggling with the legacy of Lewis v Johnson for 20 years
The IAAF , however , has asked Greene for an explanation and a spokesman for the governing body told BBC Sport the American had appointed a new lawyer and was expected to reply " very soon " .
But while Jones , Montgomery and now Graham have all been investigated by law enforcement agencies , it was not specifically doping that put them in court .
A few countries have considered it but only Italy has made doping a criminal offence .
Most other governments , including Britain's , have limited their legislation to the illegal supply and manufacture of performance - enhancing substances .
Montgomery ( who was indicted on charges of distributing heroin last week ) was convicted for cheque fraud - a scam his former girlfriend Jones also participated in , although it was lying to a federal court about her doping activities that really did for her and may well do for Graham too .
Lewis , who was named " Sportsman of the Century " by the International Olympic Committee , welcomes the US government 's recent efforts to tackle the cancer of drugs in sport but wants law - makers to go one step further by criminalising doping .
" We have to get people under oath and get the truth , instead of all the people who lie , " stated the 46 - year - old American .
Lewis , who himself failed three drugs tests in 1988 only to be cleared of any intentional wrongdoing , also urged today 's clean athletes to speak out against any rivals they suspect of cheating .
You have to identify it as what it is , cheating , wilful cheating
Former US Senator George Mitchell " When I competed , I spoke out vehemently against drugs and everybody called me a tattletale , " he said .
" But look where our sport ended up when people stopped doing that . "
Lewis , who infamously lost to Ben Johnson at the Seoul Olympics in 1988 only to later discover his rival was on steroids , is also dismissive of the idea that athletes , suspicious of each other , are using illegal substances to level the playing field .
" The problem is that people choose to cheat , " he added .
" Dwain Chambers did n't have talent .
He had to take drugs , he had to cheat .
" I 'm tired of these people that do n't have talent , that take drugs and try to blame everybody .
" The reality is that most athletes are clean , most athletes do it right and good athletes do n't take drugs .
People who do n't have talent take drugs . "
British sprinter Chambers completed a two - year drugs ban in 2005 but , despite returning to athletics and winning a 60 m silver medal in this year 's World Indoor Championships , he remains barred from the Olympics .
MIHIR BOSE BLOG
For the battle against the drug cheats to succeed , the testing programme must be robust
In the US , the idea of leaving sport to tackle its problems is a hot topic , largely because of Major League Baseball 's doping denials .
A decade of rumours and recriminations culminated in December last year when former US Senator George Mitchell published his independent report into the illegal use of performance - enhancing substances by baseball players .
Mitchell , who also served as US special envoy to Northern Ireland and was later chairman of The Walt Disney Company , spent 20 months investigating the history of doping in baseball and his damning 409 - page report highlighted the sport 's head - in - the - sand attitude to steroids and human growth hormone .
" In most clubhouses there is a code of silence , " Mitchell told BBC Sport .
" It 's almost worse to point the finger at someone for using drugs than it is to use drugs .
" That mindset has to change as this involves more than just a person , it 's much broader now .
It involves hundreds of thousands of young people whose lives could be ended . "
Mitchell believes a three - pronged attack - testing , investigation and education - is needed to clean up sport but he does not advocate the criminalisation of doping or too much governmental meddling .
" You use the tools you have available , " he continued .
Senator Mitchell 's report was a wake - up call for Major League baseball " And one of the central elements of our legal system is that you can't lie under oath .
There is a huge risk for any athlete who stands up in court and lies .
" But it 's also important for sports to police themselves .
Sports organisations do n't want the government involved and the only way they can keep the government from direct involvement in their sport is to do the job themselves .
" That 's why my recommendation to baseball was for them to update their policy to make it as good as possible with the understanding this is not a static issue .
" Right now there are people in places like China , Latin America and Eastern Europe trying to find new drugs that can enhance performance without being detected .
We have to change all the time .
" But having the very best testing regime does not mean you are going to be able to catch everybody - you need to have the capacity to rigorously investigate allegations of drug use unrelated to the testing regime .
" And finally , you need to have a change in attitude about the use of drugs so it does not become routine and accepted .
" You have to identify it as what it is , cheating , wilful cheating that deprives the fans and other competitors of the level playing field that sport ought to involve . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 76 votes ) Views : 199805
Rating :
1
2
3
4
5 ( 76 votes ) Views : 199805
You better not be using IE to view this site .
The American Civil Liberties Union wants the super - secret Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to let a little sunlight in to its traditionally closed proceedings .
But the Bush administration argues , in a motion filed yesterday , that the only thing the Court should be showing ACLU attorneys is the door .
As Ars reported earlier this month , the ACLU responded to the passage of the controversial FISA Amendments act with both a constitutional challenge in civil court and a request that the FISC , which oversees foreign intelligence surveillance , notify the group of proceedings likely to raise questions about the " scope , meaning , and constitutionality " of the new law .
It also asked for permission to file briefs in such proceedings , in order to ensure that they are " transparent and adversarial , " and urged the Court to issue redacted public versions of both its own rulings and legal briefs submitted by the government .
Otherwise , the ACLU argues , the Court would be in the position of crafting a body of secret constitutional law , a prospect in tension with basic democratic values .
Justice Deparment attorneys responded yesterday , with a plea for the court to reject the ACLU request .
As the government motion argues — and the ACLU does not appear to contest — no third party can claim any statutory right to be informed of or participate in the Court 's ex parte proceedings .
But the government further claims that the executive branch 's prerogative to control classified information and the statutory provision for closed proceedings both limit the Court 's discretion to admit outsiders — and that it is " precluded from doing so here by statute , court rule , and mandated security measures . "
The FISA court has , in a few exceptional circumstances , elected to release public versions of its own rulings — and even permitted the ACLU to submit arguments .
But it has also rebuffed the group 's requests for greater disclosure in the past .
And that , according to the government , is as it should be , because without access to classified information , the ACLU could not " present any meaningful argument on the questions posed " before the Court .
The civil liberties group insists that it has no designs on sensitive national security information , and is interested only in being allowed to brief the court on purely legal questions .
Crucial to the government 's argument , then , is the claim that submissions to the court " are likely to contain little , if any , segregable unclassified information . "
Since the Court lacks discretion to disclose any salient details of the cases before it , the Justice Department argues , the ACLU request can only be understood as a pretext to mount a " facial " challenge to the FISA Amendments
Act — in other words , a challenge that does not depend on any particular facts about the specific application or interpretation of the law .
And the proper venue for that sort of challenge , according to the government , is an ordinary federal court , not the FISC .
While the Court has recently displayed a limited willingness to lift its veil of secrecy slightly , its long history of deference to the executive branch suggests that the odds are in the government 's favor here .
In which case it may be necessary to modify the old saying : " Ignorance of the law is no excuse ... but it is mandatory . "
While most of us have come to think of CO2 as a problem , some see it as a potentially lucrative market opportunity .
Santa Barbara , Calif . - based Carbon Sciences is one company asking the question :
Why try to bury the ubiquitous greenhouse gas when you can just as easily convert it into a commercially valuable product ?
The company has designed a low - cost technology , dubbed GreenCarbon , that combines captured CO2 with water and tailings , the waste mineral products from mining operations , to produce precipitated calcium carbonate ( PCC ) — a useful intermediary with a wide range of applications in the consumer goods , construction and agricultural sectors .
Because it uses cheap raw materials , GreenCarbon is an attractive alternative to conventional PCC technologies , which use expensive materials like limestone and are often much more energy - intensive .
According to CEO Derek McLeish , products using PCC , which include everything from toothpaste and paper to building materials , make up a $ 12 billion market in the U.S. — which offers plenty of room for growth .
Most of that growth will be due to increased worldwide demand for paper , he says , a resource - intensive industry that could consume up to 70 percent of all PCC produced .
Different grades of PCC are also priced differently ; the cost can vary from $ 5 a ton to $ 1,000 a ton .
Carbon Sciences has a mobile prototype of GreenCarbon up and running in a solar - panel equipped lab truck to show off the technology , and it plans on building a mini- pilot system within the next 2 to 3 years to begin scaling up .
A commercial - scale demonstration will then follow .
Though he did n’t reveal any names , McLeish told me his company had already formed strategic partnerships with several major U.S. - based firms in the paper and pharmaceuticals industries .
The company shuns geologic and ocean storage , arguing , as have many others , that sequestration remains a costly , untested emission - reducing technology that has yet to prove its commercial value over the long term .
Carbon Sciences ’ GreenCarbon , on the other hand , is relatively cost - effective , has a low energy requirement and produces an inert , environmentally benign material that can be incorporated into higher value products — though it may not capture CO2 in quite the volume CCS - equipped power plants would in the short term .
Most large - scale CCS projects are currently being funded by government agencies like the DOE , which just committed $ 1.3 billion to supporting more R&D , and large corporations , like Exxon Mobil , which are more willing to expend some of their considerable resources on such a risky bet .
The more alluring business model presented by Carbon Sciences and like - minded competitors , such as Skyonic and Calera , could turn the tide away from geological sequestration .
The company secured a first round of funding from private investors last year and plans to raise a second round in the near future .
McLeish was mum on the details but , given his firm ’s manufacturing angle , we can assume the funding ranged in the millions of dollars .
updated : Dan Whaley , CEO of Climos , asked me to clarify that ocean iron fertilization ( OIF ) is very different from CCS since it does n’t involve actually capturing carbon dioxide .
It is therefore much cheaper :
Whaley conservatively estimates OIF ’s price around $ 5 a ton , versus $ 40 – 80 a ton for CCS .
My apologies for the error .
Also , Russ George , CEO of the once defunct Planktos , has told me his company is back online .
Mixing Memory has alerted me to the fact that the winner of the Best Visual Illusion of the Year Contest has been announced , and what a fantastic illusion it is .
It ’s an animated one , so you need to go to the page and stare at the dot in the centre for 20 - 30 seconds .
The creators of the winning illusion , psychologists Rob van Lier and Mark Vergeer , have put up a pdf with their explanation of the effect .
And if you ’re still illusion hungry after that , you can check out the rest of the finalists that came in the top 10 .
On a related note , Scientific American have recently released one of their ‘ special editions ’ that collects V.R Ramachandran and Diane Rogers Ramachandran ’s monthly articles on illusions into one magazine .
I got mine from a newsagent but you can also purchase it as a DRM - free pdf online for $ 4.95 .
Link to Top 10 2008 contest winners .
Link to Mixing Memory ’s take on the winner .
Poor sleep linked to suicidal behavior among children and adolescents with depressive episodes
Follow a consistent bedtime routine .
Establish a relaxing setting at bedtime .
Get a full night 's sleep every night .
Avoid foods or drinks that contain caffeine , as well as any medicine that has a stimulant , prior to bedtime .
Do not stay up all hours of the night to " cram " for an exam , do homework , etc .
If after - school activities are proving to be too time - consuming , consider cutting back on these activities .
Keep computers and TVs out of the bedroom .
Do not go to bed hungry , but do n't eat a big meal before bedtime either .
Avoid any rigorous exercise within six hours of your bedtime .
Make your bedroom quiet , dark and a little bit cool .
Get up at the same time every morning .
Follow a consistent bedtime routine .
Set aside 10 to 30 minutes to get your child ready to go to sleep each night .
Establish a relaxing setting at bedtime .
Interact with your child at bedtime .
Do n't let the TV , computer or video games take your place .
Keep your children from TV programs , movies , and video games that are not right for their age .
Do not let your child fall asleep while being held , rocked , fed a bottle , or while nursing .
At bedtime , do not allow your child to have foods or drinks that contain caffeine .
This includes chocolate and sodas .
Try not to give him or her any medicine that has a stimulant at bedtime .
This includes cough medicines and decongestants .
-end -
WESTCHESTER , Ill . -
A research abstract that will be presented on Thursday at SLEEP 2008 , the 22nd Annual Meeting of the Associated Professional Sleep Societies ( APSS ) , finds a link between poor sleep and suicidal behavior among children and adolescents with depressive episodes .
The study , authored by Maria - Cecilia Lopes , MD , PhD , of Sao Paulo University in Brazil , focused on 303 individuals with pediatric bipolar disorder and pediatric unipolar disorder during depressive episodes .
The presence of sleep complaints and suicidal behavior were detected by face - to - face interviews during depressive episodes .
According to the results , 83.8 percent of the patients had sleep disturbances .
Poor sleep was more frequent among those with pediatric bipolar disorder and pediatric unipolar disorder , and this was clearly detected by the presence of initial insomnia and sleep maintenance insomnia .
Surprisingly , there was a significant association between suicidal behavior and the presence of sleep complaints in both groups .
The proportion of subjects who reported suicidal behaviors with sleep complaints was higher among bipolar than unipolar patients .
" There is a strong association between depression and sleep deprivation .
The suicidal behavior associated with depression has been described as a public health problem and that the full implication might not be scientifically addressed in relation to children and adolescents to the depth that it should be .
Moreover , the suicidal behavior in adults can start in childhood and it should be recognized early , " said Dr. Lopes .
The presence of sleep complaints during depressive episodes in pediatric bipolar and unipolar disorders must lead to a search for suicidal behavior , said Dr. Lopes , adding that there are clinical neurobiological issues about these findings that need to be clarified .
"
In my opinion , these differences show that sleep complaints between both groups can help the diagnosis processes , and that a follow - up of the pediatric population with their depressive episodes should be adhered to , " noted Dr. Lopes .
It is recommended that adolescents get nine hours of nightly sleep and school - aged children between 10 - 11 hours .
The American Academy of Sleep Medicine ( AASM ) offers the following tips to adolescents on how to get a good night 's sleep :
The AASM offers some tips to help your child sleep better :
It is important to make sure that your child gets enough sleep and sleeps well .
The value of sleep can be measured by your child 's smiling face , happy nature and natural energy .
A tired child may have development or behavior problems .
A child 's sleep problems can also cause unnecessary stress for you and the other members of your family .
Those who suspect that they might be suffering from insomnia , or another sleep disorder , are encouraged to consult with their primary care physician or a sleep specialist .
Parents should consult with their child 's pediatrician or a sleep specialist .
More information about " children and sleep " is available from the AASM at http://www.SleepEducation.com/Topic.aspx?id=8 and " teens and sleep " , including a new questionnaire that assesses the level of sleepiness in adolescents , at : http://www.SleepEducation.com/Topic.aspx?id=71
The annual SLEEP meeting brings together an international body of 5,000 leading researchers and clinicians in the field of sleep medicine to present and discuss new findings and medical developments related to sleep and sleep disorders .
More than 1,000 research abstracts will be presented at the SLEEP meeting , a joint venture of the AASM and the Sleep Research Society .
The three - and - a - half - day scientific meeting will bring to light new findings that enhance the understanding of the processes of sleep and aid the diagnosis and treatment of sleep disorders such as insomnia , narcolepsy and sleep apnea .
SleepEducation.com , a patient education Web site created by the AASM , provides information about various sleep disorders , the forms of treatment available , recent news on the topic of sleep , sleep studies that have been conducted and a listing of sleep facilities .
American Academy of Sleep Medicine
But the internal documents , including dozens of memos , e-mail messages and reports from the Army , the Defense Contract Management Agency and other agencies , show that electrical problems were widely recognized as a major safety threat among Pentagon contracting experts .
It is impossible to determine the exact number of the resulting deaths and injuries because no single document tallies them up .
( The records were compiled for Congressional and Pentagon investigators and obtained independently by The Times . )
The 2007 safety survey was ordered by the top official in Iraq for the Defense Contract Management Agency , which oversees contractors , after the October 2006 electrical fire that killed two soldiers near Tikrit .
Paul Dickinson , a Pentagon safety specialist who wrote the report , confirmed its findings , but did not elaborate .
Senior Pentagon officials appear not to have responded to the survey until this May , after Congressional investigators had begun to ask questions .
Then they argued that its findings were irrelevant to Sergeant Maseth ’s electrocution .
In a memo dated May 26 , 2008 , a top official of the Defense Contract Management Agency stated that “ there is no direct or causal connection ” between the problems identified in the survey and those at the Baghdad compound where Sergeant Maseth died .
But in a sworn statement , apparently prepared for an investigation of Sergeant Maseth ’s death by the Army ’s Criminal Investigative Division , a Pentagon contracting official described how both military and KBR officials were aware of the growing danger from poor electrical work .
In the statement , Ingrid Harrison , an official with the Pentagon ’s contracting management agency , disclosed that an electrical fire caused by poor wiring in a nearby building two weeks before Sergeant Maseth ’s death had endangered two other soldiers .
“ The soldiers were lucky because the one window that they could reach did not have bars on it , or there could have been two other fatalities , ” Ms. Harrison said in the statement .
She said that after Sergeant Maseth died , a more senior Pentagon contracting official in Baghdad denied knowing about the fire , but she asserted that “ it was thoroughly discussed ” during internal meetings .
The US Democratic presidential candidate , Barack Obama , called for tighter sanctions on Iran today after it fired nine test missiles that were capable of hitting American and Israeli bases .
" Iran is a great threat .
We have to make sure we are working with our allies to apply tightened pressure on Iran , " the Illinois senator said .
Iran demonstrated its military force with the test - flight of nine long and medium - range missiles in the strategic Strait of Hormouz , through which 40 % of the world 's oil passes .
Tehran said the exercise was in retaliation to threats from the US and Israel over its disputed nuclear projects , which it claims are civilian .
Obama said if he were to be elected president , he would combine more direct diplomacy with the threat of much tougher economic sanctions .
" I think what this underscores is the need for us to create a kind of policy that is putting the burden on Iran to change behaviour , and frankly we just have not been able to do that over the last several years , " Obama said .
He cited reports that US exports to Iran have increased under George Bush , even as the administration has toughened its rhetoric .
Earlier , the US secretary of state , Condoleezza Rice , said the " war games " justified America 's defence plans with bases in eastern Europe .
She said the tests were " evidence that the missile threat is not an imaginary one . "
" Those who say there is no Iranian missile threat against which we should build a missile defence system perhaps ought to talk to the Iranians about their claims . "
Her comments were backed by the Republican presidential candidate , John McCain .
He said the tests " demonstrate the need for effective missile defence now and in the future , and this includes missile defence in Europe as is planned with the Czech Republic and Poland " .
These plans are strongly opposed by Russia .
But the Kremlin , which has resisted US calls for tougher UN sanctions on Iran , said it shared concerns about Tehran 's nuclear programme .
Speaking from Japan , where Bush attended the G8 summit , the White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said the Iranians should " refrain from further missile tests if they truly seek to gain the trust of the world " .
" The Iranian regime only furthers the isolation of the Iranian people from the international community when it engages in this sort of activity , " he said .
Washington said Iran 's development of ballistic missiles violated UN security council resolutions .
But it added that the US was committed to pursuing a diplomatic solution to the impasse over Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
The practice shots by Iran 's elite revolutionary guards were another in a series of conflicting messages coming out of the country over its nuclear programme and relations with the US and Israel .
General Hossein Salami , the guards ' navy commander , told state television today that the test missiles exercise , called " The Great Prophet 3 " , would " demonstrate our resolve and might against enemies who in recent weeks have threatened Iran with harsh language " .
An Iranian news agency quoted Salami as saying : " Our hands are always on the trigger and our missiles are ready for launch . "
But less than a day ago , the Iranian president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , dismissed fears that Israel and the United States could be preparing to attack his country , calling the possibility a " funny joke " .
At a press conference during a visit to Malaysia yesterday , Ahmadinejad said : " I assure you that there wo n't be any war in the future . "
The G8 expressed " serious concern " over the risks posed by Iran 's nuclear programme and urged Tehran to suspend all uranium enrichment - related activities .
" We call on Iran to respond to the updated incentives package in a constructive manner , " a G8 statement said today .
" We also urge Iran to act in a more responsible and constructive manner in the region , particularly in the context of the Middle East peace process and the stability of Iraq and Afghanistan . "
Television reports said the missiles fired included a new version of the Shahab - 3 missile , which officials have said has a range of 1,250 miles and is equipped with a conventional warhead weighing a tonne .
Such a missile could reach Israel , Turkey , Afghanistan or Pakistan .
The range of Iran 's missiles
Israel 's military has also flexed its muscles in recent months as tensions with Iran have risen , sending warplanes over the eastern Mediterranean in June .
US officials described that incident as a possible rehearsal for a strike on Iran 's nuclear programme , which the west fears is aimed at producing atomic weapons .
Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev today said Israel " does not desire hostility and conflict with Iran " .
" But it is clear that the Iranian nuclear programme and the Iranian ballistic missile programme is a matter of grave concern , " he said .
Iran says its nuclear programme is geared only towards generating electricity , not producing weapons .
Last month , six major world powers offered a package of economic incentives to Iran if it halted nuclear activities .
Tehran 's response to that offer has not been made public .
For months , Ahmadinejad and other Iranian officials have played down the possibility of a US attack because they think difficulties in Iraq and domestic worries will deter America from engaging in another war .
At the same time , Tehran has stepped up its warnings of retaliation if the Americans - or Israelis - do attack , including threats to hit Israel and US Gulf bases with missiles and stop oil traffic through the vital Gulf region .
SAN FRANCISCO – Levitating stormtroopers and flinging them into space ?
Smashing TIE fighter craft together using nothing but the power of the Force ?
Why has n't there ever been a Star Wars game like this before ?
This September will mark the long - awaited rollout of The Force Unleashed , LucasArts ' suite of Star Wars videogames set between episodes III and IV .
Much like Shadows of the Empire a decade ago , Unleashed is a multimedia project that will be officially entered into Star Wars canon , with novels , comics and a line of action figures .
But this time around , the games are clearly the centerpiece .
A version of the game will be released for every platform of significance : Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , Wii , PS2 , PSP and Nintendo DS .
Last week , at the Lucas campus in San Francisco 's Presidio , I got some extensive hands - on time with the three major versions of the game .
Star Wars fans will get a solid Force Unleashed experience no matter which console they have , but if you own every game machine , there 's one version that looks like a clear winner .
I started off playing the Xbox 360 version of the game , pictured above .
( The PS3 version is identical . )
This is the lead platform with the full Unleashed experience that LucasArts has been toiling away on for years .
At E3 2006 , company representatives showed us their initial work on simulating a variety of different real - world materials , from metal to wood , and how they could realistically deform or shatter them .
This became the basis for Force Unleashed 's gameplay , which is centered around using the Force to wreak havoc on people , things and environments to destroy them in grand ways .
I do n't know much about Star Wars , but I do know that if you want your game to star a Force user who just goes around destroying people and things willy - nilly , that person cannot be a Jedi .
Thus , you 're playing as a Sith : an apprentice being trained in secret by Darth Vader ( which conveniently explains why we have never heard of the character before ) .
The games ' opening moments actually put you in the shoes of Vader himself as he invades the Wookiees ' home world , which I assume is called something like Nyaaaaaaaaaaargh , looking for a rogue Jedi who escaped the Jedicide at the end of the last movie .
Not only does this set up the plot and the discovery of Secret Apprentice , it lets you play as a fully maxed - out character who can destroy just about anything with great ease .
So for the first 20 minutes or so , you 're flinging Wookiees off bridges , throwing trees on them and just generally being a huge asshole .
At first it 's kind of sad hearing their plaintive cries of death , but then it becomes fun to see how far you can throw them .
Holding down the right trigger button lets you Force - grab something .
Once it 's up in the air , you use the left analog stick to move it forward , backward , left and right , and the right stick to move it up and down .
Throwing things is as easy as holding the stick in the direction you want to throw and letting go of the trigger .
It takes a bit of getting used to , but the Vader section is designed to let you play around and experiment .
Of course , you 've got plenty of other options .
You can engage every enemy with your lightsaber or Force - push them away .
This move can be charged up to unleash even greater destructive power – at one point , the Lucas rep told me to stand in front of a massive covered bridge filled with Wookiees and charge up a Force push .
I did , and the resultant wave of blue energy went straight down the bridge , flinging Chewbaccas into the ravine on either side and ruining the entire top of the structure .
There 's quite a bit of scenery that you cannot destroy , and for good reason :
You can't ruin the bridge and make it impossible for yourself to get across and finish the level , for example .
But this illustrates just how powerful your main character can eventually become .
When you finish out the Vader section and begin with the apprentice , he 's got a wide variety of powers already but lots of room for improvement .
From that point , things progress pretty much in the style of a God of War game :
You plow through level after level of enemies , making things explode and gaining experience orbs that you can apply to a variety of different abilities and powers .
You can make your Force push more awesome , or add new moves to your lightsaberlike Saber Sling , which lets you home - run enemies by swinging it like a bat .
Side missions in each level will let you gather more experience orbs .
For example , when you enter a hangar on which TIE fighters are suspended from the ceiling , you can destroy them by grabbing onto them and smashing them into each other .
Destroy five and you 're rewarded .
And it 's not all about wanton destruction , as you 'll need to solve some minor puzzles with the use of the Force to progress – pulling platforms out so you can stand on them , for example , or shutting off force fields by pulling the giant batteries straight out of the generator that powers them .
( You can then , of course , take said giant battery and throw it into a person or a TIE fighter or whatever to cause a huge explosion . )
The first two levels in Force Unleashed are filled with humorous moments , both scripted and impromptu .
Picking up stormtroopers just to torture them is great fun , especially when they grab at things ( like another stormtrooper ) in an attempt to stay on the ground , and then you 're playing Barrel of Monkeys with them .
The cinema scenes in between levels are well done , especially the one where you meet your homicidal robot partner and new pilot .
( Vader , you tell her , killed the last seven pilots . )
If you own an Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 , that is where you 'll want to play Force Unleashed .
It 's the grandest representation of the original vision for the game .
The next game down the list , the version for Wii , PlayStation 2 and PSP , looks like a solid , fun version .
The story is identical , although the telling is different :
The graphics , levels , environments , cinematic scenes and voiceover work were all created especially for this version of the game , so it 's a noticeably different experience – perfect if you 're a crazy Star Wars fan who just has to play through every single different version .
Given the lesser powers of PS2 and Wii , what your characters can do in this version has been scaled back :
You have a lesser range of motion when you move things around with the Force , and the general sense of ruining the living hell out of everything is n't nearly as impressive .
The Wii version , which I played , makes use of a lot of motion control , although for the most part it 's just swapping out button presses for gestural inputs .
Shaking the Wiimote swings your lightsaber , but it does n't matter how hard you shake it or in which direction .
Thrusting forward with the Nunchuk executes a Force push – a clever idea , but again it 's just a replacement for a button press .
One exception is shown above :
When you get into a lightsaber lock with an opponent , you 'll play a little minigame where you have to twist the Wiimote around to match up with the onscreen indicator to successfully parry an attack .
This is cool , but with Steven Spielberg 's game Boom Blox illustrating just how much fun it is to manipulate objects in 3 - D space with the Wiimote , it 's disappointing ( if economically understandable ) that the Wii version was n't created from the ground up with motion control at the center of the game design .
One thing that the Wii version does feature that other versions do not is a two - player duel mode in which all manner of characters from the series ' history can square off in some very , very non-canon battles .
Finally , there 's the Nintendo DS version of the game ( right ) .
While the DS game has of course been scaled back even more ( looking more like Shadows of the Empire than anything ) , the story is the same , and things still begin with Darth Vader invading a miniature version of Wookieestan .
While I have n't played nearly enough of this version to judge , I 'm not sure whether I like the direction they took with the controls .
The touchscreen ( right ) is filled with icons that represent the different actions you can take ( clockwise from top ) : lightsaber throw , force lightning , lightsaber swing , grab and push .
Instead of just assigning these six different attacks to the DS ' six different buttons , the game designers force you to use the stylus and tap the moves you want to use .
You can actually drag the stylus across two different icons to create combo attacks , which is an interesting idea – but again , could n't this have been done with buttons ?
My initial misgivings about the control scheme aside , the DS version of Force Unleashed is pretty fun .
There are plenty of stylus - based mini-games , like one where you have to drag little balls of ... of Force or something ... into a vortex to power up a massive move for Vader , and the " saber lock " minigame as seen in the Wii version becomes something a bit more meaty here , where you have to drag your lightsaber around in a circle and keep it perpendicular to your opponent 's for a set amount of time to break the lock in your favor .
Whatever game system you 're stuck with , there will be a version of Star Wars :
The Force Unleashed designed – to a certain extent , at least – with your best interests in mind .
Every version lands Sept. 16 in North America .
Images : LucasArts
See also :
Mega Man Week continueshere .
Also , check out ourMega Man contestto win a heaping helping of Mega Man merch !
The rumors ( and scans ) are true - Capcom 's officially making Mega Man 9 for WiiWare .
It 's been 11 years since the last numbered entry , and for fans tired of the numerous spin - offs , 9 is an ironically refreshing take on gaming 's favorite robot assassin .
We say ironic because , well , it 's technically a huge step backwards .
There 's no angle , no new trick to the gameplay , it 's a straight - up NES game with robot masters designed by series mastermind Keiji Inafune .
Behold :
Right about now you might be asking , " why would they do this ? "
We talked to Inafune for the official answer , but our take is this - the recent batch of Mega Man games have strayed too far from the series ' roots , and this is an easy , effective way to re-ignite interest in people who have n't touched a Mega Man game in years .
WiiWare is the perfect fit for such an experiment , right at home on a console with so many other classic NES titles .
If part 9 is a hit , expect to see WiiWare ( maybe even XBLA and PSN ) overrun by an old - school renaissance .
Maybe we 'll even see younger audiences embracing the classic design ?
Mega Man 9's story and gameplay are the same as they 've always been - Dr. Wily is running amuck and Mega Man has to stop him .
This time Wily 's convinced the populace he's the good guy and it's Dr. Light who 's unleashed eight robot masters on the city ( total lie , of course ) .
There are even " Dr. L " doors in front of the bosses instead " Dr. W . "
As before , you have to defeat each robot master , steal their unique weapons and use them on the remaining bosses .
Each is weak and resistant to specific weapons , so you 'll have to experiment to see which plan of attack works best .
And by experiment , we mean " die a thousand deaths , " as Mega Man 9 is easily on par or above the hardest games in the series .
Hell , we played for two hours and only made it to three bosses , and even then only beat two .
Not too surprising considering we do n't yet know which boss is weak against the other , but damn , these guys are hard .
Capcom has n't provided images of the latest robot masters , but we do have their names , including a Mega Man first - a woman !
Galaxy Man : level consists of portals that fling Mega Man all around the level , maintaining his momentum with each fling ( a lot like Portal , actually ) , plus enemies that divide into multiple copies of themselves .
Plug Man : home to the required " disappearing block " puzzle
Hornet Man : bees , lots of bees
Jewel Man : there are swings here that you have to move with built - up momentum - we had to try it several times before we could make the jumps
Magma Man : lava and plenty of one - hit - kill beams
Concrete Man : the Guts Man of Mega Man 9
Tornado Man : scourge of the Midwest has one of the hardest levels with tons of mid-air leaps and spinning platforms
Splash Woman : yes , a woman robot master .
Level features a hovering bubble puzzle we saw in Mega Man 5 .
One of the masters designed by Inafune himself
In essence , it 's as if the year is 1990 , there is no Super NES and maddeningly difficult NES games are all the rage .
However , there are a few extra touches that acknowledge what later games brought to the series .
" I am totally serious .
My Ob / Gyn was IN my vagina and an earthquake started rattling the room ! " tweeted MissRFTC .
She was later interviewed about the experience : " Was just interviewed via phone by senior writer at CNet about my vaginal earthquake experience . "
On a more serious note , VentureBeat cited Twitter 's importance in instances as such .
" Well before the information was anywhere on the major news outlets , tweets ( Twitter messages ) were flowing in at a rapid clip .
I say again , events such as this showcase the power of the micro-messaging service Twitter . "
The sight of the leaders of several African countries arriving in Tokyo this week to demand that the leaders of the G8 honour their promises on aid , debt relief and trade prompts many competing thoughts .
What is the purpose of this elite club of mostly rich nations , for a start ?
And are its promises worth the paper they are written on , given that all the hullabaloo surrounding the 2005 G8 Summit in Gleneagles , Scotland , where many of those promises were made , seems ultimately to have achieved so little ?
So much for the G8's heavily publicised pledge to “ Make Poverty History ” .
Besides , if there really is a need for a high - level global economic talking - shop , why is there not at least one representative from the economies of the “ South ” to sit formally at the conference table , rather than having to lobby ignominiously from the outside ?
AFP
A relatively warm hello
On the other hand , awful as the continent 's problems are , from disease and poverty to its pockets of war and oppression , by going cap in hand to the G8 Africa 's leaders may be sending the wrong message to the world .
After all , even as the rest of the global economy slows down and some parts even flirt with recession , business in large parts of Africa is booming like never before .
Despite the credit crunch in the rich world 's financial markets , in sub-Saharan Africa in particular there is no sign of any reduction in a growth rate that has averaged over 5 % a year for the past decade .
It is not just a case of Chinese and now Indian and Russian money gobbling up Africa 's raw materials .
At the start of this year , some 15 sub -Saharan African countries had stockmarkets , listing some 500 companies with tradable shares and a combined market capitalisation –excluding relatively mighty South Africa 's–of $ 100 billion , according to a report from Goldman Sachs , “ Africa Rising ” .
Since then , these markets have mostly soared ever higher , even as shares everywhere else have plunged to earth .
The best performing stockmarket among this impressive bunch is Ghana 's , up by one - third so far this year .
In April , the New York Stock Exchange even screened a bullish movie about business in Africa , with the misleadingly dull title , “ Africa Investment horizons ” .
As the film - maker , Carol Pineau , pointed out in the Washington Post on July 6th , the continent is now “ making inroads into manufacturing .
The South Africans brag that if you drive a Hummer , you 're driving a car made in Africa .
Ditto if you drive a BMW with the steering wheel on the right - hand side .
The next time you fly on a Boeing aircraft , look out the window and you 'll see engines with parts made in South Africa .
But that country is n't alone .
I 've seen factories in Lesotho that produce Gap and Old Navy clothing , car parts manufactured in Botswana and call centres in Kenya and Uganda . ”
Certainly , there are risks that should be considered by any investor thinking of pulling his money out of China and India in search of the last big emerging - market thing .
Events earlier this year in Kenya highlighted the continent 's political fragility , as has the more recent failure to force a desperately needed change of leadership on inflation - ridden , impoverished and oppressed Zimbabwe .
Perhaps even more ominously , lately there has been a worsening of mood among South African business leaders , black and white alike , as uncertainty grows about what political leadership will follow the years of drift over which the current president , Thabo Mbeki , has presided .
No one has yet given up hope , not by any stretch of the imagination .
But no one who cares about the economic prospects for the continent wants to see South Africa , having kept capitalism 's candle burning in Africa for so long , dim its light even a little .
On the other hand , there seem at last to be genuine signs of economic vitality in Africa 's greatest long - term under - performer , Nigeria .
The bottom line : it is surely good for Africa and for everyone else that there is now an alternative to the old , depressing image of a hopeless continent .
At last , the optimistic image of a continent starting to stand on its own feet is becoming plausible .
Perhaps the African leaders visiting Tokyo this week stopped grumbling long enough to make that clear to their peers in the G8 .
There has been a bit of a controversy on the iTunes App Store since its launch .
As many observers noted over the last several days , certain App store merchants were adding spaces to the front of their application titles to catapult themselves to the front of the " Sort By : Name " list .
There were other tactics involved as well ; some developers were adding things like $.99 and then their application 's name to accomplish the same result .
If you visit the store this morning , however , you will find that those applications are no longer listed on the first alphabetical page .
As MacUser has pointed out , the applications have been put back into their rightful place in line .
Now that all peace and harmony has been restored to the listings , we have to wonder just how much extra money the practice brought in for the perpetrators .
Were the monetary benefits worth the amount of ill will they undoubtedly received ?
Would you have done the same thing ?
Should Apple have intervened sooner ?
With this problem solved , Apple can move onto the next complaint from developers : the review system .
As a dog returneth to his vomit , so a fool returneth to his folly ( Proverbs 26:11 ) .
We are about to be thrown back into the tender mercies of Keynesian economists .
In the current setting , this will push the economy lower rather than higher .
The main Keynesian solutions to a faltering economy are federal budget deficits and monetary inflation .
This two - part program assumes unemployment at 25 % and annual deflation at 10 % : the Great Depression in America .
Problem : it ’s not 1936 any more .
Two recent articles reminded me that the intelligentsia of the United States is like Louis XVIII , the king of France in the post - Napoleonic restoration : he had forgotten nothing and had learned nothing .
What the intelligentsia learned from the popularizers of Keynesian economics after 1936 they have not forgotten .
They have learned nothing new .
KEYNESIAN ECONOMICS
The heart of John Maynard Keynes ’ analysis in 1936 was the idea of a permanent free market equilibrium with high unemployment .
For some reason , which he never explained coherently , sellers refuse to lower their prices when faced with buyers who refuse to buy at yesterday ’s pre-Depression prices .
This is especially true of workers who refuse to cut their wage demands .
Keynesianism is based on two fundamental ideas : ( 1 ) sellers do not learn that something is better than nothing , and therefore will not lower their selling prices ; ( 2 ) economists do not learn that government spending that is financed by debt is accomplished in one of only two ways : ( a ) money lent by savers , which could have been lent to businesses or consumers ; ( b ) money lent by a central bank , which lowers the purchasing power of the currency unit .
This is a philosophy of something for nothing .
We are told by economists that there are no free lunches .
But , except for Austrian economists , all economists really do believe in something for nothing .
They debate with each other about which “ something ” can be obtained for nothing — “ nothing ” always being a piece of legislation .
Non-Austrian economists believe that a gun , when held by a salaried government official and pointed at a citizen to extract his wealth , can sometimes produce economic growth , whereas a gun held by a thief and pointed at a citizen to extract his wealth always produces economic loss .
The first produces something for nothing , whereas the second produces nothing for something .
What is the difference ?
This : the person holding the gun .
KEYNES AND THE NEW DEAL
Early in Franklin Roosevelt ’s first term , Keynes met with Roosevelt .
We know the date : May 28 , 1934 .
Roosevelt ’s Secretary of Labor , Frances Perkins , noted in her published recollections that Keynes came out of the meeting and commented on the President ’s lack of economic literacy .
Later , when speaking with Roosevelt , she noted that he said he thought Keynes must be a mathematician , rather than a political economist .
Both men had the other pegged exactly .
Roosevelt knew no economics , and Keynes had earned a bachelor ’s degree in math .
He had no degree in economics .
He got his job at Cambridge University in 1909 because his father , a Cambridge economist , put up half the money to hire his son .
Because the meeting was in 1934 , and because Keynes had not yet come up with Keynesianism — he was still working on it — I do not think the meeting was important for the future of the American economy .
Keynes justified in theory in 1936 what every Western government had been doing for several years : printing money , raising taxes , running deficits , and regulating the economy .
The New Deal did not end the Great Depression in the United States .
World War II did .
The war allowed governments to increase deficit spending , inflate tremendously , impose price controls , draft young men and put them to work killing each other ( which reduced the labor pool ) , and hire women to work in munitions factories at below - market wages , using patriotism to persuade them to enter the labor force .
Patriotism was used as a way to persuade men and women to work at what would have been below - market wages in 1938 .
Then inflation and rationing reduced real wages even more .
Economics teaches this : “ When the price falls , more is demanded . ”
This is true of the price of labor .
Keynes knew this in 1936 , and wrote specifically that the reduced real wage rates produced by monetary inflation would fool workers into going back to work .
But it took worldwide deception — wartime wages — to achieve this on a scale sufficient to end unemployment .
None of this is taught in any textbook — not in economics , not in history .
To teach it would alert students to the economics of war , which centralizes the power of the State .
This is the thesis of economist Robert Higgs in Crisis and Leviathan .
This book ’s thesis and data never get into college textbooks .
With this as background , let me summarize the first of two documents .
TIME MARCHES ON !
In the May 15 issue of Time Magazine , there is an article by Justin Fox .
I had never heard of Mr. Fox .
His biography on Time ‘s site says he has a B.A. in international relations .
He therefore writes for the business section .
He has recently published a book , The Myth of the Rational Market .
You get the general idea .
Time was started in 1923 by Henry Luce ( Skull & Bones , Council on Foreign Relations ) .
It has long been a popular outlet for the American Establishment .
In fact , Time is the news magazine written by the American Establishment in order to shape the thinking of the voters on the Big Picture .
Mr. Fox ’s enemy is what he perceives as Reaganism .
Economic eras do n’t last forever , though , and there are signs that the current slowdown is a harbinger of something bigger : an end to America ’s 25 - year love affair with tax cuts and deregulation .
A lot of the cracks that have emerged during that time , because of global economic shifts or our own neglect , have become impossible to ignore — stagnant incomes , a federal budget gone way out of balance , soaring energy prices , a once - in - a - lifetime housing crash and growing financial risks in retirement and from health care .
He says there has been growing inequality of wealth .
He offers no statistics to indicate that inequality has increased from the income distribution of 1940 , let alone 1900 .
Those who identify inequality as a significant economic or moral liability that calls for radical policy changes by government never do offer such statistics .
There is a reason for this .
The ratio of wealth by income class has barely changed , in the United States or in Western Europe , in a hundred years .
The evidence for a significant increase in American inequality since 1980 is based on tax evidence .
But this evidence does not consider money in tax - deferred retirement funds .
So , it is questionable .
In any case , the critics offer no evidence that their reforms will eliminate inequality .
It does no good to provide a cure until a problem is diagnosed .
Why is income more unequal today — if it is — than it was in 1980 ?
Second , was 1980 significantly different from 1940 or 1900 ?
Where is the evidence ?
Next , where is the explanation ?
Only after we have both should we — meaning policy - makers — begin suggesting solutions .
So what should be done about income disparity ?
In an April Gallup poll , 68 % of respondents said wealth “ should be more evenly distributed ” in the U.S. — the highest percentage saying so since Gallup started asking the question in 1984 .
A smaller majority , 51 % , agreed that “ heavy taxes on the rich ” were needed .
Surprise !
Surprise !
Voters with less wealth want the government to stick a gun in the belly of anyone with more wealth , telling him to fork it over .
Of course , voters do not want the government to send people with guns to stick in their bellies , on behalf of people even poorer , who are far more numerous .
The politics of envy is the politics of this commandment : “ Thou shalt not steal , except by majority vote . ”
It is the politics of two wolves and a sheep voting on what to have for dinner .
It is alive and well all over the world .
The author then launches an unsubstantiated attack on Reagan ’s cuts of the top brackets : from 70 % to 28 % .
No mention is made of Kennedy ’s cuts from 91 % to 70 % .
The economy boomed in both cases .
Then there is the energy crisis .
What is needed ?
Not more production .
We need more taxes and more subsidies by federal government .
What makes doing the right thing on energy difficult is that it would almost inevitably involve raising costs now , with higher taxes on oil , increased subsidies for other energy sources or higher energy - efficiency standards for vehicles and homes — or all three .
Economists tend to prefer the first of these approaches because taxes on gas , oil or fossil fuels in general tamp demand and allow the market — rather than members of Congress — to sift out the best alternatives .
Here is the good news , he says : the candidates ’ stand on global warming .
Interesting , though , to fight global warming , Clinton , McCain and Obama are all in favor of a carbon - cap - and - trade regimen , which would raise the price of fossil fuels just as surely as a direct tax would .
Almost in spite of ourselves , we may end up with a semi-rational long - term energy policy .
It wo n’t make gas cheaper anytime soon — or perhaps ever — but in the long run , it could strengthen the country ’s economic prospects .
Next , how should government solve the housing crisis ?
Simple : repeal the tax deduction for mortgage interest payments .
That will do it !
Yes , sir , there is nothing like a huge tax on everyone ’s after - tax income to stimulate robust growth in the housing market .
( Too bad it wo n’t happen — voters being used to the deduction . )
Several countries have dropped the mortgage - interest deduction in recent years , with no noticeably adverse effects , but there ’s no indication that any of our presidential candidates are contemplating such a move .
Then there is universal health care .
No problem here , either !
But there ’s real hope on this front .
It is possible to conceive of a system that brings the 47 million uninsured into the fold , improves medical outcomes and costs less than what we ’ve got now .
It ’s possible to conceive of because many other wealthy countries already have such systems .
Figuring out exactly how to make universal health care work in the U.S. is a matter better left to its own lengthy magazine article .
But if you ’re looking for big economic change from the next Administration , this is the form it ’s most likely to take .
This article appeared in the premier Establishment outlet for the American intelligentsia .
My conclusion : get ready for a big dose of the politics of envy .
KUCINICH’S ECONOMIST SPEAKS OUT
There are not many American politicians further to the Left economically than Dennis Kucinich .
In a recent interview , his economic advisor , Michael Hudson , provided a detailed and accurate assessment of the problems facing the Federal Reserve System .
Then he offered solutions .
You will not like the solutions .
The interviewer knew what questions to ask .
The questions centered around the solvency of America ’s largest banks .
The FED is letting them swap bad debt for Treasury debt .
Half of the FED ’s reserves have been swapped for this supposedly AAA - rated paper since last December .
This can not go on much longer .
Problem : this program merely buys time .
How will the banks unload this bad paper on suckers ?
The supply of suckers has dried up .
The Fed ’s idea was merely to buy enough time for the banks to sell their junk mortgages to the proverbial “ greater fool . ”
But foreign investors no longer are playing this role , nor are domestic U.S. pension funds .
So the most likely result will be for the Fed simply to roll over its loans — as if the problem can be cured by yet more time .
The problem is bad real estate loans .
There is nothing the Treasury can do to solve this problem .
The game is over .
The financial sector has been living in the short run for quite a while now , and I suspect that a lot of money managers are planning to get out or be fired now that the game is over .
And it really is over .
The Treasury ’s attempt to reflate the real estate market has not worked , and it ca n’t work .
Mortgage arrears , defaults and foreclosures are rising , and much property has become unsaleable except at distress prices that leave homeowners with negative equity .
Hence , the title of the article : “ The Game Is Over . There Wo n’t Be a Rebound . ”
The dollar is likely to fall .
The problem begins with the international trade system .
When Europe and Asia receive excess dollars , these are turned over to their central banks , which have little alternative but to recycle these back to the United States by buying U.S. Treasury bonds .
Foreign governments — and their taxpayers — are thus financing the domestic U.S. federal budget deficit , which itself stems largely from the war in Iraq that most foreign voters oppose .
This is exactly the problem .
The United States has pressured oil - exporting nations in the Middle East to demand payment in dollars and then cycle these dollars back through American multinational banks .
For over 30 years they have been pressured to recycle their oil earnings into the U.S. stock market and loans to U.S. financial institutions .
They have taken large losses on these investments ( such as last year ’s money to bail out Citibank ) , and are trying to recoup them via the oil market .
Conclusion : “. . . unless they are willing to make a structural break and change the world monetary system radically , they will remain powerless to avoid giving the United States a free ride — including a free ride for its military spending and war in the Near East . ”
But the fact is , a refusal by central banks to buy T - bills is exactly such a structural break in the world monetary system .
He thinks this is now happening .
So do I .
So , I see no way to remain optimistic about the future value of the dollar .
Regional banks will go under , he says .
The FED and the government will oversee mergers .
False reporting also will help financial institutions avoid the appearance of insolvency .
They will seek more and more government guarantees , ostensibly to help middle - class depositors but actually favoring the big speculators who are their major clients .
I add : this is already taking place .
That is what the FED ’s swaps of Treasury debt for private mortgage - backed assets is all about .
Then what should Obama do ?
Tax and spend .
As president , he will have to do what FDR did , and challenge the financial oligarchy with new government regulatory agencies staffed with real regulators , not deregulators as under the Bush - Clinton - Bush regime .
. . .
Most of all , he will have to make the tax system back progressive again if the domestic market is to recover .
He should remove the tax - deductibility of interest payments , and do what the original 1913 income tax did : tax capital gains at normal income rates rather than subsidizing speculation .
. . .
Wait a minute !
This is what Mr. Fox recommends in his article in Time .
What about Social Security and Medicare ?
Simple : exempt every family that makes under $ 60,000 a year and tax all income for everyone else — no cut - off at $ 105,000 .
There is no deduction from gross income for donations under Social Security .
This is just what the centralizers need !
This will be Europe ’s tax system .
He says this will take power away from the American oligarchy .
“ Unless he does this , what used to be a democracy will be turned into an oligarchy . ”
Yet Time ran a cover story on just this sort of tax reform .
And Time has been the popular news magazine for the oligarchy since its creation in 1923 .
CONCLUSION
We are heading into a great reversal .
We are going to see rising taxes and a falling stock market .
Housing is unlikely to rebound next year .
The economic goal today is to keep what you have in the face of a revived welfare state .
The days of wine and roses are going to be rolled back next year and beyond .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
I just do n't get it .
How can so many smart people be so collectively bad at something as simple as Javascript on a web page ?
It 's just not that hard .
And yet , not an hour goes by when I 'm not stopped in my tracks by at least one javascript error .
And it 's especially sad because many of these errors are coming from well known sites , with huge development budgets and plenty of good talent that really should know better .
Observe :
That was just a ten minute sample of browsing today .
The One Rule of DHTML Programming
Look , it 's not that hard to do this stuff right .
In fact , here is everything you 'll ever need to know about Dynamic HTML Programming with Javascript :
Test EVERYTHING before you reference it .
That 's it .
Simple .
Every little scrap of code you write needs to live inside its own little IF block that tests to make sure that the things it 's expecting to interact with really exist .
Here 's how :
BAD : gbN2Loaded.style.display='none ' ;
Good : if ( window.gbN2Loaded ) { gbN2Loaded.style.display='none ' ; } BAD : document.getElementById('myDiv').innerHTML
= ' stuff ' ; Good : if ( document.getElementById('myDiv' ) ) { document.getElementById('myDiv').innerHTML
= ' stuff ' ; }
< body onunload= ' GUnload ( ) '>
I do n't care that Google 's API Reference told you to putinto all your pages .
That 's just example code , and it's not intended to be used in the real world
Real World Javascript will need to survive in dozens of strange browser environments that do things in strange unexpected ways , and as soon as you get it working right , Junior Dev Jimmy will accidently include it on every single page on your site and suddenly it wo n't be able to find the things it needs to live .
When that happens , it needs to quietly stop trying to do stuff instead of throwing error messages all over the place .
What you need to do about it
Ok , cool , you 've fixed everything , but you 're not done yet .
There 's one more thing you need to do right this second .
You need to turn on those annoying Script Error popups in both Internet Explorer and Firefox , and you need to keep them on from here on out .
Do n't just do it for your own machine , but for every computer owned by every employee of your company .
Yes , I know that you turned them off on purpose because they make the internet basically unsurfable , but most casual users of your site will have them on by default .
That means that most casual users will see every single little script error that your site throws at them , and they wo n't like it .
Those errors are pissing off real people right this minute , and you need to know about it .
If you arrange it so that they start pissing off you and your co-workers too , you just might find the incentive to get rid of them once and for all .
A veteran state psychiatrist testified in court last year that he was asked to change the diagnosis of a state prison inmate and fired because he refused .
Narinder K. Saini , a state employee since 1990 , dropped this bombshell in a Dodge County courtroom last July at the sentencing hearing of former Lodi resident Brian Locke .
He stated that in mid-2004 , he was asked by his boss , Dr. Kevin Kallas , to agree that Locke did not have a bipolar disorder , a serious mental illness , " so he could be sent successfully to Boscobel . "
At the time , Saini was in his 10th year of employment with the state Department of Corrections , then under a court order not to use the supermaximum security prison at Boscobel for patients with serious mental illness .
" [ Kallas ] asked me to change the diagnosis because they knew if I will not change the diagnosis , [ Locke ] cannot go to Supermax , " Saini testified .
" I refused to do that . "
Saini knew Locke from previous contacts and felt he had been correctly diagnosed with bipolar disorder .
He said Kallas was " not happy with my clinical diagnosis " and overruled him , sending Locke to Boscobel , but that another doctor who also knew Locke 's medical history ordered his return .
Shortly thereafter , " I was terminated by the DOC ... for mishandling the case , not cooperating with them . "
The DOC , Saini added , cut Locke off medications that had proved effective in the past .
Why would it do this ?
he was asked .
" Save money , " he replied .
Saini said he tried restoring these medications but " was not allowed to . "
The DOC wanted to send Locke to Boscobel because he had assaulted a guard , the incident for which he was being sentenced .
At the hearing , Saini suggested the assault owed at least in part to Locke being taken off his medication .
Dodge County Judge Andrew Bissonette , in sentencing Locke to an additional five years in prison , noted that he had , prior to this incident , been " complaining to staff that he was being deprived of the meds he needed . "
The judge called Saini 's testimony " kind of damning to the DOC , " adding that the agency " has a responsibility to provide care to all of its inmates so we do n't have incidents like this where staff are injured . "
DOC spokesman John Dipko calls Saini 's testimony " inaccurate on nearly every count .
The Department of Corrections does not withhold necessary medication from inmates because of cost , and the department does not fabricate documentation to send inmates to [ Boscobel ] . "
Brian Locke , now 50 and incarcerated at the Columbia Correctional Institution in Portage , could be a poster boy for the dangers of using prisons to deal with people with serious mental illness .
His attack on the guard after his medications were yanked was his first felony conviction .
His prior convictions were all misdemeanors , although he did draw a multi- year sentence in 2002 on multiple misdemeanor counts .
In a letter to Isthmus , Locke says this incident - an attack on medical personnel transporting him to a hospital - owed to a mix - up involving medications : " I was still responsible for my actions , but not the intent . "
Locke later sued his Madison defense attorney , David Stokes , for malpractice ; the case was dismissed last fall but is now being appealed .
Armed with records he obtained through discovery , Locke has also alleged that Stokes defrauded the State Public Defender 's Office through overbilling .
He initiated a John Doe proceeding against Stokes in Dane County court .
Sounds nuts , right ?
But this February , around the time when the Legislature nearly passed a bill to bar inmates from bringing such actions , Dane County Judge Sarah O'Brien found probable cause that Stokes repeatedly submitted " false and fraudulent " records .
David Feiss , an assistant district attorney in Milwaukee County , has been named special prosecutor .
He says no charges have yet been filed and Stokes is presumed innocent .
In 2000 , inmates at the Boscobel prison filed a class - action lawsuit alleging that conditions there constituted cruel and unusual punishment .
A settlement agreement reached in 2002 mandated some policy changes and prohibited the DOC from using the prison for mentally ill inmates .
Carlos Pabellon , an attorney with the office of Ed Garvey , which represented the inmates , came to suspect the DOC was " manipulating " diagnoses to sidestep this ban .
" What we discovered , " says Pabellon , " is that a number of these inmates had on one day an MH - 2 classification " [ meaning they could not be sent to Boscobel ] and after the next visit an MH - 1 classification [ meaning they could be and were ] . "
He believes the DOC was under pressure to " fill the empty beds at Boscobel , and , unfortunately , it appeared to us that they were doing it at the expense of the mental health of these inmates . "
Federal Judge Barbara Crabb tapped a Medical College psychiatrist to monitor whether seriously mentally ill inmates were going to Boscobel .
This appointment ended earlier this month , as did the court order against using Boscobel for seriously mentally ill inmates .
DOC spokesman Dipko says " the screening process " that was developed in response to the lawsuit remains in place .
But others say the Locke case underscores that the DOC can not be trusted .
" They 're still putting mentally ill prisoners into [ Boscobel ] , " says Frank Vanden Bosch , an inmate rights activist who lives near the prison .
" They 're really not concerned with the prisoners .
They 're concerned about keeping the prison full .
It makes a mockery of what the courts have decided . "
Dr. Kallas , in a recent interview with Wisconsin Public Radio , admitted he sometimes overrules diagnoses made by colleagues .
But he claimed it is on the other end of the spectrum .
" While the psychologist may be technically correct in saying there 's not serious mental illness , I err on the side of caution and say , ' Let 's not send this person , ' " Kallas maintained .
" I 've just taken a more conservative stance and in many cases have decided that I do n't want certain inmates there even though they may technically under the court criteria qualify . "
The transcript of the July 2007 hearing was not completed until late October .
In January of this year , Locke filed a complaint against Dr. Kallas with the state Department of Regulation and Licensing , arguing that he committed " medical malpractice " and violated Judge Crabb 's order .
That complaint is pending .
Locke has also asked the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals to intervene , saying , " It is time to put the DOC in check and punish them for this behavior . "
This is also pending .
Dr. Saini himself briefly agitated against his termination .
His Madison attorney , Richard Bolton , sent a letter dated Dec. 30 , 2004 , to Matthew Frank , then DOC secretary .
It says Saini worked at the agency for 10 years " without serious criticism of his performance " and occasional commendations , only to be fired in August 2004 , shortly after " failing to cooperate " with the DOC 's attempt to " manipulate " Locke 's diagnosis so he could be sent to Boscobel .
Saini , who is now working at the Mendota Mental Health Institute , declined opportunities to comment .
Bolton says the DOC denied there was any connection between Saini 's termination and the Locke matter .
Saini did not pursue legal action .
Note :
This report was prepared cooperatively with Gil Halsted of Wisconsin Public Radio .
CLICK HERE for his report .
Content development services outsourcing
Content is king whether it ’s in the movies , television or the world wide web .
A great movie is not termed great just because of its technical brilliance or great cinematography .
Content is what makes it a complete film and developing content is exactly what is needed by companies to spread word about their business .
Content development is an essential marketing strategy that helps a company in its promotional campaigns .
The success of your business depends on the exposure get .
The world wide web is one place where you have the potential to get global exposure 24 hours a day 7days a week 365 days a year
The benefits of having a website are innumerable but the most important benefit is that it exposes you to your target audience at their convenience .
However , the success of your online business depends on the quality of your content .
It is the most influencing factor responsible in bringing visitors to your website .
It is now an established fact that the one thing common in the top websites that attract maximum traffic is that their web pages have well written and keyword rich content .
Traffic generated by search engines generally is directed to web pages that have well - written , clear , and , relevant content .
In the early days of the internet , organizations concentrated on the visual and technological aspects to impress viewers , well , technology , infrastructure and architecture can take you nowhere in the absence of relevant and clear content .
According to research conducted by taylor nelson sofres ( tns ) 72 % of web - user satisfaction was attributed to the quality of web content and 98 % of satisfied users recommended the websites to others , further increasing traffic .
In the light of this , smart organizations have realized that content management is a specialized task best left to professional content developers and companies engaged in content management .
Today , an increasing number of companies outsource their content for content management to organizations specialized in such tasks .
Telegenisys inc is one of the premier service providers engaged in content writing and content management trusted by several top organizations in the world , outsourcing their content management tasks .
Highly experienced and dedicated professionals at telegenisys have the ability to develop high quality content including writing , copy editing , proofreading , blog , information guides , print media , e-journals , e-newsletters , e-books , and rss feeds .
Expertise in content development and content management has made telegenisys a leading outsourcing services provider favored by top websites .
Opera Mini is a free to use mobile browser .
This is a cross- platform app which means that it can be installed on both iOS and Android powered devices .
However , the Android version of it seems to be the first one to get the latest updates .
In fact , Opera Mini ’s version number has just been upgraded to 30.0.2254.121224 with a new APK update .
Opera Mini 30.0.2254.121224 APK
Update
Considering that this is an APK update , Opera Mini users who want to download it ahead of everyone else will need to manually install it themselves .
This is how APK updates work and the installation process is not that complicated .
We should also mention that the update will also start rolling out to the wide public during the upcoming future .
The update is not that large because it weighs in at 6.6MB .
However , no one should be surprised by this since after all , we are talking about the Mini version of the browser .
Nonetheless , interested users will need to own a smartphone that runs on at least Android 4.1 Jelly Bean to support the update .
New Features
The developers who are in charge of Opera Mini are always looking to enhance the browser by tweaking and optimizing its software .
Therefore , this new update enhances the browser ’s network performance and it also improves downloads handling .
Moreover , the update also brings a design change since it removes site suggestions from the URL bar .
The browser keeps on getting better and better with each new update and it does n’t look like the developers are going to stop from enhancing it anytime soon .
As an example , the previous Opera Mini update enhanced the browser ’s video player and improved the user interface .
With that said , it ’s safe to say that the future looks bright for Opera Mini .
HOUSTON , Texas ( CNN ) --
A comic - book character popular in Mexico for generations has run into a cultural barrier at the border , where Americans see him as a racist caricature .
Comic book character Memin Pinguin is " a disgrace , " an African - American activist says .
For more than 60 years Mexicans have followed the adventures of " Memin Pinguin . "
But the dark - skinned Memin 's exaggerated features in " Memin for President " came as a shock to Houston , Texas , Wal - Mart shopper Shawnedria McGinty .
" I was like , OK , is that a monkey or a boy ? "
McGinty said .
" To me it was an insult . "
She 'd never heard of " Memin Pinguin . "
She bought a Spanish - English dictionary and tried translating but still did n't like what she saw .
Watch what upset McGinty »
" So I asked my boyfriend , does that look like a monkey to you ? " she said .
" And we went back and forth and he was like , no , that 's a black woman , " referring to the character 's Aunt Jemima - like mother .
McGinty and Houston community activist Quannel X want the comic books removed from the stores .
" This is absolutely insensitive toward race , in particular the African - American culture , and also people of color , " Quannel X said .
" This is poking fun at the physical features of an entire people . "
But Mexican readers who grew up following the shenanigans of Memin say critics need to look beyond the cover and understand the stories .
" They will bring a smile to their face because we 're so fond of that character , " said Javier Salas , a Spanish - language talk show host on Chicago radio station WRTO .
" We respect him , we love him .
And that 's why it 's so absurd for us to hear complaints from people who do n't know , do n't understand Memin . "
Memin is a poor Cuban - Mexican kid with bug eyes , thick lips and protruding ears .
The mischievous and caring boy helps his mother by selling newspapers and shining shoes .
" We grew up reading , learning and educating ourselves with a lot of the topics they always touched on , which was honesty , justice , tolerance .
He was a very unique character , " Salas said .
Wal - Mart spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said the retailer has instructed stores to remove the books from shelves and discontinue sales .
" We received the customer complaint regarding the book , which we knew was based on a popular cartoon character in Mexico .
We looked into it further , and we decided to no longer distribute the book and are in the process of removing the books from the stores . "
The store has received no other complaints about Memin , Lopez said .
" We have a wide array of products that we provide to Hispanic customers , but when we looked at this more carefully and given the sensitivity of the topic , we thought it was best to no longer carry the book in our stores , " he said .
He did not know how many copies of Memin books the chain had or how long it would take to remove them from displays .
Memin is no stranger to controversy .
Three years ago , a series of Mexican stamps honoring Memin ignited an international uproar .
The stamps were discontinued because of protests from African - American leaders .
" This is saying we respect and regard the African - American community by making them look like Sambos on a stamp ? " the Rev. Al Sharpton said at the time .
" This goes over the line . "
Quannel X called the comic book " a disgrace . "
" Look how they portray his mother , with huge ethnic lips , dark skin , making her look like the big gorilla and him like the little monkey . "
But fans of Memin say the valuable lessons of a beloved comic book character tackling real - life problems have been lost in translation .
All About Children 's Books • Hispanic and Latino Issues • Racism and Bigotry
Heyman Hustle Takes on YouTube Divorce Tricia Walsh Smith
Tricia Walsh Smith , 52 , considers herself a " Warrior . "
The British actress and playwright put herself in the spotlight when she made a video for YouTube , bashing her soon - to - be ex-husband and Shubert Theatre millionaire Phil Smith .
The Park Avenue socialite and author of Addictions was one smart cookie making a video to expose her husband and their sexless marriage .
The video has been viewed by almost four million people so far , and probably many more to come .
Our marriage has broken down and I am facing eviction from our apartment because of a clause in a prenuptial agreement which says I have to get out after just 30 days if he has grounds for divorce .
After almost nine years of marriage I think I deserve to be treated better , but Philip is a powerful man and it feels like everyone is on his side . "
He has well - known friends like the theater producers Andrew Lloyd Webber and Cameron Mackintosh and newspapers such as the New York Times eat out of his hand . "
Now the scorned actress is putting herself out there withand I must say it is quite humorous .
Heyman will make sure that no stone is left unturned .
In a previous interview with The Sun , Tricia said : Her attempt to expose her husband as an evil man have been seen as her being bitter , vindictive and wacky .
Nowthe director and producer of Hustle says they want to show a different side of Tricia .
To see part one of the Heyman Hustle video with Tricia CLICK HERE .
Be prepared - if you embarrass easily this may not be for you .
Heyman goes right to the no sex allegations .
If you are left wanting more , part two will air exclusively on The Sun next Tuesday , where Heyman takes Smith out to dinner .
Photos : WENN
A member of the Saudi religious police has been accused of having six wives at the same time - two more than allowed under religious laws , reports say .
The 56 - year - old was detained in south - western Jizan province , according to the Saudi newspaper al - Watan .
Three of the women involved were Saudis and the other three were from Yemen , just over the border , it reported .
The accused denies the women are all currently his wives and says he has divorced two of them .
Muslim men can keep up to four wives at a time under sharia , or Islamic law , which is applied in Saudi Arabia .
Members of the Saudi Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice are expected to enforce the kingdom's strict interpretation of Islam , particularly regarding relations between the sexes .
Last month , the Saudi authorities were reportedly considering introducing compulsory pre-marriage courses for engaged couples in order to cut the kingdom 's growing divorce rate .
( CNN ) --
The relatives of a woman who died on the floor of a New York hospital say they plan to file a $ 25 million lawsuit against the city and the facility where Esmin Green died .
Esmin Green 's daughter , Tecia Harrison , says disciplinary action against hospital workers is not enough for her .
Green 's family is also calling for criminal charges against hospital workers , who they say failed to help her and then attempted to cover up the circumstances of her death .
" My sister was killed twice , " said Brenda James , Green 's sister .
" First , by those who neglected to offer her the needed health care .
Secondly , she was killed by those who tried to cover up this criminal action . "
The family has retained a lawyer , Sanford Rubenstein , to file the suit .
Green , a Jamaican immigrant , had been involuntarily admitted to the Kings County Hospital in Brooklyn , New York , on June 18 for what the hospital described as " agitation and psychosis . "
Surveillance camera footage captured the mother of six sliding off of a chair and onto the floor of waiting room of the hospital 's psychiatric emergency department , where she lay convulsing for more than a hour before anyone helped her .
The footage appears to capture several employees passing by her as she lay on the floor struggling .
The New York Civil Liberties Union said last week that the hospital falsified medical records for the timeframe covering Green 's visit , describing her as awake and going to the bathroom when she is seen on the video .
Watch Green 's family after seeing video »
Seven workers , including doctors , nurses and security guards , have been fired or suspended since Green 's death , the city 's Health and Hospitals Corporation said .
It 's not clear whether any of the employees have appealed the disciplinary actions against them .
The agency said it referred the matter to law enforcement and is cooperating with the investigation .
" We failed Esmin Green and believe her family deserves fair and just compensation , " it said in a statement .
Autopsy results have not been released .
Green 's daughter , who reluctantly watched the footage for the first time this week , says disciplinary action does n't make up for her family 's loss .
" Firing is not enough for me , for my brothers .
They do n't know this wonderful woman they took away from us , " said Tecia Harrison , who traveled to New York from Jamaica to attend her mother 's funeral Sunday .
" We want them to pay for it , " she said .
CNN 's Mary Snow contributed to this report
All About Kings County Hospital
I could say that HTML has come a long way since its first standard specification , HTML 2.0 , was published in 1995 .
I would like to say that – but it would n’t be true .
It only took another four years for the next specification to be published – HTML 4.01 , in 1999 – and here we are , eight years later , with no significant advances having been made since then .
But maybe that ’s a good thing .
Maybe the stability of HTML 4 is a testament to its design ( here at SitePoint we just released The Ultimate HTML Reference today in print form .
Print ! )
Or perhaps it can be perceived as stagnation , which points to something far trickier …
See , back in the day when the Web was new , unexplored , and used primarily by academics and Ã¼ber - geeks , it must have been far easier to reach consensus on how things should be .
Few people were involved , and even fewer of them had any specific vested interests .
But now the Web is established , relied upon by millions of people .
The fortunes of corporations large and small rest upon it .
And now that so many people have strong and specific opinions and agendas , it becomes almost impossible to agree on what the standard should be .
I think that ’s why the development of HTML ( and , for that matter , CSS ) has stalled so dramatically .
But with the advent of HTML 5 , change is in the air .
This change is not without controversy , but it is welcome change nonetheless .
Later in this article we ’ll take a dip into the draft specification to see what we can expect from it , but first I ’d like to look backwards at a little of the history and development of HTML .
< i > ♥ < html >
HTML was originally conceived as a semantic language , in which elements should describe only the meaning of their content , not the presentation .
However , this good intention did n’t hold up very long .
HTML 3.0 was proposed and drafted in 1995 , but included many new elements – such as support for mathematical figures – which were considered by browser vendors to be too complex to implement .
Vendors chose to implement only part of the proposal , and also to add new markup ( predominantly presentational markup ) that they thought should be included , in the hope that this would be subsequently ratified by the W3C .
As it turned out , much of this new markup was indeed adopted .
HTML 3.2 was finally published as a specification in 1997 , and standardized many of the new presentational elements and attributes , such as < font > , < center > , and align , which had already been implemented by browsers .
In 1997 , the HTML 4.0 specification was published , and although it continued to include presentational markup that had been instigated directly by vendors , it also began a push to clean up HTML , calling some markup “ deprecated ” and suggesting that it not be used .
The HTML 4 standard came in three flavors :
strict – no deprecated markup allowed
– no deprecated markup allowed transitional or loose – deprecated markup is allowed
or – deprecated markup is allowed frameset – predominantly frame - related markup is allowed
But the horse had bolted , leaving the stable door swinging uselessly on its hinges .
By this time the W3C had already lost control .
The Web was exploding , and different browsers – primarily Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer – were competing over proprietary features and implementations ( remember < layer > ? ) .
This period is often referred to as the “ browser wars . ”
Whither XHTML ?
XHTML 1.0 came along in 2000 as formalization of HTML 4 into XML .
XML itself had been standardized in 1998 as a general specification for defining markup languages , and was a stricter and simpler offshoot of SGML , the Standard Generalized Markup Language from which HTML itself was originally derived .
XHTML was initially very well received ; it was the newest standard , and was perceived to better address the post - war push for standards and accessibility .
Indeed , the first version of the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines implied the use of XHTML in its point 11.2 : “ Use W3C technologies when they are available and appropriate for a task and use the latest versions when supported … ” ( my emphasis ) .
Despite this honeymoon , however , the latent issues of XHTML soon began to appear .
The vast majority of developers using XHTML were serving it with a text / html MIME type , which meant it was parsed by browsers as regular HTML rather than XML .
To an HTML parser , an XHTML self - closing element ( such as < img / > ) is just an element with an extraneous character ( < img > > ) .
Therefore , its successful use relies on error handling – which is what makes it backwardly compatible .
However , problems arise when XHTML is served as XML , using the application / xhtml+xml MIME type or similar .
The first of these is that the dominant web browser , Internet Explorer , does n’t support that MIME type ; for such documents it will prompt for download rather than attempting to display them .
And in browsers that do support the MIME type , the strictness of a validating XML parser may be too extreme for real - world use .
For an invalid XML document , browsers did not even make an attempt to parse the document as best they could , as they would with HTML – instead , they just displayed a validation error and stopped , as this example from Firefox shows .
In usability terms this is clearly unacceptable , as the vast majority of users will have no idea what it all means or what to do about it .
Even hard - core XHTML advocates like myself were nervous about serving it as XML on their own sites , and would n’t even consider it for client sites .
So if real XHTML is too finicky to use , and XHTML served as text is just HTML with syntax errors and none of the benefits of XML ( such as being able to embed other forms of XML , and to use namespaces ) , what ’s the point of XHTML at all ?
Why not just stick with good ol ’
HTML ?
After all , the strictness and emphasis on semantics that we find in XHTML is equally present in HTML Strict .
If strictness means something to you , HTML can deliver !
These are essentially the arguments made by Ian Hickson in his iconic article , “ Sending XHTML as text / html Considered Harmful ” .
It ’s my perception that this article was the linchpin of the anti-XHTML movement .
I also disagree with Hickson ’s arguments in every important respect .
XHTML is still worth using , because it ’s a transitional standard that moves us towards a pure - XML Web.
XML is inherently better than SGML , because it ’s simpler and stricter , and much easier to parse ( once you ’ve understood its rules ) .
I do n’t know from where we ’ve adopted the idea that we should be forgiving of markup errors , but I do n’t share that view .
Only the validation - error issue is a major bugbear in my book .
Some browsers are working to improve the situation – Opera , for example , will show validation errors , but will still attempt to parse and display the page .
And anyway , it ’s not that hard to make solid pages that will reliably display correctly , even when considering user - generated content – you just have to be careful .
But more pertinently , XHTML can still offer the benefits of XML to some browsers , even if others do n’t benefit .
A good example of this is a script I wrote a while ago that replaces text with embedded SVG ( similar to SiFR ) .
Of course , it only worked in browsers that supported embedding SVG when the page is real XML .
But at least it failed cleanly in other environments , leaving the original text untouched .
So we have a situation where the document must be XML if it can be , but it does n’t really matter if it is n’t .
This , I think , is a clear case where it ’s worth content - negotiating and serving XHTML as XML to supporting browsers .
Arise HTML 5 ?
One of the primary aims of HTML 5 is to define how exceptions should be handled , so that malformed or invalid markup will be treated in a predictable way .
Unlike previous version of HTML , the specification is anchored firmly in real - world implementations , based as it is on observation of content and implementations that are already out there , and will not be considered final until there are at least two interoperable implementations .
HTML 5 syntax is compatible with both HTML 4 and XHTML 1 .
HTML 5 documents that use HTML 4 syntax must be served as text / html , while those that use XHTML syntax must be served as XML .
The DOCTYPE has also been greatly simplified , and is used only to switch a browser into standards mode ( rather than to refer to a DTD ) ; the DOCTYPE is not required for XML documents , which are always rendered in standards mode .
And , perhaps most significantly for authors , the specification adds a whole new raft of elements , attributes , and scriptable APIs .
These include :
new structural content elements , such as < article > , < section > , < header > , and < footer >
, , , and new embedding elements , such as < figure > , < audio > , and < video >
, , and new semantics for common data structures , such as < time > and < datagrid >
and elements designed specifically for building web applications , such as < output > ( for the output of a scripted process ) , < progress > ( for showing the progress of a long process ) , and < event - source > ( used for handling server - sent events ) , as well as a range of new < input > types , such as datetime , range , email , and url
( for the output of a scripted process ) , ( for showing the progress of a long process ) , and ( used for handling server - sent events ) , as well as a range of new types , such as , , , and a range of new scripting methods for addressing documents and embedded content , such as a 2D - drawing API for the < canvas > element , a drag - and - drop API for the draggable attribute , and additional DOM methods like getElements ByClassName ( ) and getSelection ( )
However , along with these additions are a number of controversial removals , many of which are concerned with accessibility features – think of the alt attribute of < img > , and the summary and headers attributes of < table > markup .
The main rationale for removing these is that in practice they are barely used , or barely used correctly .
I contend that this is n’t a good enough reason – these are valuable and necessary accessibility features , and removing them without a specific good reason is not okay .
Sure , it ’s a shame that these attributes are so seldom used correctly , but rather than removing them , it provides a reason for better educating developers on their correct use .
NOTE :
Within the HTML 5 working group , the discussions about this seem to be mostly focused around the needs of authoring tools .
But frankly , I do n’t see why we should care about their needs .
Those who ’ve shown a determination to work to standards do n’t need to be persuaded about their value ; those that have n’t are not going to be persuaded now .
The commercial agendas of individual companies should not in any way inform the standards - making process .
Conversely , some presentational elements and attributes have been retained because they ’re so commonly used in practice , effectively sanctioning the use of non-semantic markup .
These include < hr > , < b > , and < small > .
Yet at the same time , other elements such as < big > and < center > have been removed on the basis that they ’re purely presentational .
I ’m not sure how this distinction was arrived at other than by reference to popular usage , but it ’s bogus in my view .
When defining a specification , we should consider the usefulness and relevance of a particular piece of markup – not ratify the incorrect ways in which people are already using it .
The situation for < table > markup is especially disappointing .
Since the headers attribute has been removed , there ’s no longer any way to describe the internal structure of a complex table for assistive technologies , where scope is n’t enough .
Many developers have written about this issue , most notably Gez Lemon .
The specification aims to provide a “ focus on accessibility as a built - in concept for new features , ” which implies a desire to have accessibility baked in .
But how does removing accessibility features – and not replacing them with alternatives – achieve that aim ?
HTML 5 does not have accessibility baked in ; it barely considers it as an afterthought , because its true emphasis is on providing semantics for visual web application interfaces , rather than structured and mode - independent documents .
In many ways HTML 5 is an exciting development , as it offers a huge and comprehensive range of new semantics and APIs .
This has to be a good thing – we ’ve outgrown HTML 4 and it ’s no longer fit for our purposes .
However , the lack of serious focus on accessibility , the over - emphasis on the needs of authoring tools and RPC applications , and the excessively pragmatic attempt to sanction existing bad practices are all causes for concern .
But what is particularly interesting , I think , is how HTML 5 came about in the first place .
The W3C did n’t initiate it ; rather , it was drafted and developed by an independent group called WHATWG ( Web Hypertext Application Technology Working Group ) and only later embraced by the W3C .
I find it extremely pertinent to note how such a major development was beyond the vision of the W3C and had to be kicked into life independently .
We saw the same situation with microformats , and both of these instances suggest the W3C has grown incapable of innovating .
This stagnation is possibly a facet of its excessive bureaucracy – a tendency for all large and established organizations .
Avast XHTML 2 ?
It seems unlikely that XHTML 2 will gain serious traction .
It is implementations that make or break a technology – and nobody ( not even Mozilla ) seems interested in implementing XHTML 2 .
There are some good ideas behind XHTML 2 – particularly , in my view , the ability for any element to take a src attribute – but it ’s insanely complicated , and requires absolutely that its documents be served as XML .
XHTML 2 is n’t designed to be backwardly compatible , and although that sits well in an academic sense , it ’s a minefield of problems in the real world .
Just one problem is that site owners would have to perform live transforms of XHTML 2 into XHTML 1 during the transitional period .
But here ’s the thing : XHTML 1 was supposed to be that transitional period !
Yet without ubiquitous uptake we can never move beyond it , so it appears to be highly unlikely we ever will .
XHTML 2 is still a Working Draft , and will probably never progress – what ’s the point ?
Conclusion
This article has sought to show that the move back from XHTML 1 to HTML 4 was a retrograde step .
I ’ve demonstrated how there is value in using XHTML , even if only some browsers can truly benefit from it , and this continues to underpin my belief that XHTML is better than HTML 4 .
I have my concerns about HTML 5 , but am nonetheless impressed and excited by the innovation .
I look forward to a time when we can actually use it , which for me means that the specification is stable and all major browsers implement the larger part of it .
But long before that time can come about , HTML 5 needs to offer a decent level of accessibility markup , which currently it does not .
If the issues enumerated earlier are not resolved , I may consider ignoring HTML 5 and sticking with XHTML 1 .
Either way , I will continue to use XHTML syntax and reap the benefits of XML wherever possible .
And that ’s my advice to you .
I went for a walk in Sebastopol CA this evening and took some photos ( crappy photos with my iPhone , sorry ) of front yards that have gardens instead of lawns .
They look much more interesting than grass , and some of them had vegetables growing among the flowers .
I 'm preparing to kill my own lawn and replacing it with a heavily mulched garden .
I hope more people take photos of front - yard gardens and tag them on Flickr with killyourlawn .
Kill Your Lawn Flickr set
Please Sign up or sign in to vote .
Introduction
There are so many different ways to output debug log messages in a C++ program .
Some use printf , others std:: cout or std::cerr .
On Windows , one can send strings to the debugger by calling the OutputDebugString API function , or by using TRACE macros from the MFC library .
Would n’t it be nice if we can do it always the same way , e.g. , using the STL stream operator << , with configurable destinations ?
I ’d like to write the following code :
debuglogger << " This is a debug message : " << variable1 << std::endl ;
The debug logger should call , for example , OutputDebugString with the generated stream content as a string .
OutputDebugString ( " This is a debug message : 42
" ) ;
While browsing Josuttis ' book about the STL [ 1 ] , I stumbled over the stream buffer classes ( Chapter 13.13 ) , which should simplify this task .
A stream buffer only implements the data for a stream , so you do n’t have to implement all those stream operators or stream manipulators .
Building a STL like debug logger
The stream buffer class
To build a stream buffer , you have to derive from std :: basic_streambuf and overwrite two virtual functions :
virtual int overflow ( int c ) virtual int sync ( )
The overflow function is called whenever a new character is inserted into a full buffer .
The sync ( ) function is called to flush the buffer to the output destination .
To make the output destination configurable , we use a functor and define a base class which only holds the parameter and return types for the function call operator .
To keep this generic , we use a template parameter for the character type ( char or wchar_t ) .
The first argument holds the context used for the output .
The second parameter holds a line of the debug message .
The function call operator is called for each line of the debug message .
template < class charT > struct basic_log_function { typedef void result_type ; typedef const charT * const first_argument_type ; typedef const charT * const second_argument_type ; } ;
Now , we define the buffer for the debug logger stream .
There are three template parameters which make the buffer generic to the used character type and the output destination .
The charT parameter specifies the character type to be used for the stream .
The logfunction parameter specifies the type of the output functor , and the traits type defines the character helper class for basic_string s .
template < class charT , class logfunction , class traits = std::char_traits<charT > > class basic_debuglog_buf : public std::basic_streambuf<charT , traits > { typedef std::basic_string<charT , traits > string_type ; public : virtual ~ basic_debuglog_buf ( ) ; void setContext ( const string_type & context ) ; protected : virtual int_type overflow ( int_type c ) ; virtual int sync ( ) ; private : string_type buffer_ , context_ ; logfunction func_ ; void sendToDebugLog ( ) ; } ;
The setContext function sets the context string for the debug message .
The private sendToDebugLog function executes the logfunction ’s function call operator , passing the context string and the current line of the debug message .
The stream class
To make a stream using your own buffer , a pointer to an instance of this buffer must be passed to the constructor of the basic_ostream class from which our stream class is derived .
The template parameters are the same as for the basic_debuglog_buf class .
template < class charT , class logfunction , class traits = std::char_traits<charT > > class basic_debuglog_stream : public std::basic_ostream<charT , traits > { typedef std::basic_string<charT , traits > string_type ; typedef basic_debuglog_buf<charT , logfunction , traits > buffer_type ; typedef std::basic_ostream<charT , traits > stream_type ; typedef std::basic_ostringstream<charT , traits > stringstream_type ; public : basic_debuglog_stream ( const char * file = 0 , int line = - 1 ) ; basic_debuglog_stream ( const string_type &context , const char * file = 0 , int line = - 1 ) ; virtual ~ basic_debuglog_stream ( ) ; void setContext ( const string_type & context ) ; const string_type getContext ( ) const ; basic_debuglog_stream &get ( ) { return * this ;} private : basic_debuglog_stream ( const basic_debuglog_stream & ) ; basic_debuglog_stream &operator= ( const basic_debuglog_stream & ) ; void buildContext ( ) ; const char * file_ ; const int line_ ; string_type context_ ; buffer_type buf_ ; } ;
The setContext function builds a context string from the filename and line number ( if specified ) and the given context message , and passes it to the stream buffer .
The context string is formatted like this :
[ [ < filename > ] [ ( < linenumber > ) ] : ] [ < context message > : ] < message text >
Each part can be omitted by using the default values of the stream constructor .
A full context string looks like this :
c:\projects\testlogger\main.cpp(
20 ) : main ( ) :
Hello debuglog !
The getContext function retrieves the context message from the stream .
The get function simply returns a reference to the stream object .
This is helpful to use the stream operators on a temporary stream object .
e.g. logstream ( ) .get ( ) << " Hello world ! " << std::endl ;
As you have noticed , in the private section of the stream , copying of a stream object is forbidden .
These three classes are the base for our debug logger ; now , let ’s see how to use them .
Using the code
First of all , we need a functor which defines the destination of the debug messages .
The log_to_win32 _debugger class
Let ’s start with a class for using OutputDebugString from the Windows API .
This function sends a given string to the debugger .
If used from Visual Studio , the message is displayed in the output window .
If it ’s formatted correctly , we can click on the message in the output window , and the position where the message is outputted will be shown to us automatically .
To remain generic , we do this as a template with the character type as the parameter .
The function call operator simply concatenates the context and the output string , and passes the result to OutputDebugString .
It ’s not really necessary to derive the class from basic_log_function ; this is only a helper to define the function call operator the right way .
It ’s sufficient to declare the function call operator as :
void operator ( ) ( const char * const context , const char * const output ) ;
Here comes the debug log stream :
template < class charT > class log_to_win32_debugger : public basic_log_function <charT > { typedef std::basic_string<charT >
string_type ; public : result_type operator ( ) ( first_argument_type context , second_argument_type output ) { string_type s( context ) ; s += output ; OutputDebugString(s.c_str ( ) ) ; } } ;
Now , we are ready to define a concrete type for debug logging :
typedef basic_debuglog_stream <TCHAR , log_to_win32_debugger < TCHAR > > DebugLogger ;
The TCHAR macro holds char for multi- byte character builds , and wchar_t for Unicode builds .
Use the class in the following way :
DebugLogger(__FILE__ , __LINE__ , _T ( " main ( ) " ) ) .get ( ) << _T( " Hello debug log ! " ) << std::endl ; DebugLogger ( _T ( " main ( ) " ) ) .get ( ) << _T( " Only a context message !
" ) ; DebugLogger ( ) .get ( ) << _T( " Without a context !
" ) ;
This should produce the following output on the debugger :
c:\projects\testlogger\main.cpp(
20 ) : main ( ) : Hello debuglog ! main ( ) :
Only a context message !
Without a context !
Simple , is n’t it ?
It ’s also possible to use the stream modifiers from the STL .
DebugLogger ( " In hex " ) << std::hex << std::showbase << 12345 << std::endl ;
This should output :
In hex : 0x3039
To get rid of the typing pain , we define a few simple macros .
( Macros huh ?
Well , I know macros are evil , but sometimes they are useful . )
We use the prefix RAW if the filename and the line number are omitted , and the prefix CTX if a context message is used :
# define RAWLOG ( ) DebugLogger ( ) .get ( ) # define CTXRAWLOG ( text ) DebugLogger ( text ) .get ( ) # define CTXLOG ( text ) DebugLogger ( text , __FILE__ , __LINE__ ) .get ( ) # define LOG ( ) DebugLogger(__FILE__ , __LINE__ ) .get ( )
Now , it ’s much easier to type :
CTXLOG ( _T ( " main ( ) " ) ) << _T( " Hello debug log ! " ) << std::endl ; CTXRAWLOG ( _T ( " main ( ) " ) ) << _T( " Only a context message !
" ) ; RAWLOG ( ) << _T( " Without a context !
" ) ;
To catch the debug output from OutputDebugString without using Visual Studio , use the free tool DebugView from Mark Russinovich ( at www.sysinternals.com, now owned by Microsoft ) .
Logging to a file
It ’s also easy to log to a file .
Just implement another functor for our debug log stream .
template < class charT > class log_to_file : public basic_log_function < charT > { public : result_type operator ( ) ( second_argument_type context , second_argument_type output ) { std::basic_ofstream<charT> fs( GetLogfilename( ) , std::ios_base::app ) ; if ( ! fs ) throw std::invalid_argument ( " Logging file not found ! " ) ; else fs << context << output ; } private : const std::basic_string<charT> GetLogfilename ( ) { return std::basic_string<charT>(
_T( " c:\temp\debug.log " ) ) ; } } ; typedef basic_debuglog_stream < TCHAR , log_to_file < TCHAR > > FileDebugLogger ;
Maybe , you want a more sophisticated GetLogFilename implementation , but hey , this is just a sample .
Logging to std::cerr
It ’s even simpler to direct the output to std : : cerr ( but therefore , we wo n’t need those classes , but now , we can do it in an interchangeable way ) .
template < class charT > class log_to_cerr : public basic_log_function < charT > { public : result_type operator ( ) ( first_argument_type context , second_argument_type output ) { std::cerr << context << output ; } } ; typedef basic_debuglog_stream < TCHAR , log_to_cerr < TCHAR > > ErrDebugLogger ;
Stateful functors
As you may have noticed , you cannot pass in more information to the functors .
They are instantiated in the constructor of the stream buffer class , and there is no access to them .
To overcome this limitation , I suggest using the Monostate pattern , where many instances of the same class share the same state .
template < class charT > class MonoStateFunctor { public : void operator ( ) ( const charT * const context , const charT * const message ) { std::basic_ofstream<charT> fs( filename_.c_str ( ) , std::ios_base::app ) ; if ( ! fs ) throw std::invalid_argument ( " cannot open filestream " ) ; else fs << context << message ; } void setFilename ( const std:: string & filename ) { filename_ = filename ; } const std:: string getFilename ( ) const { return filename_ ; } private : static std:: string filename_ ; } ; typedef MonoStateFunctor < TCHAR > functor ; typedef basic_debuglog_stream < TCHAR , functor > logger ;
Using this logger :
std :: string functor :: filename_ = " " ; int main ( int , char **) { functor f ; f.setFilename( " c:\\temp\\test.log " ) ; logger ( __FILE__ , __LINE__ , _T ( " main ( ) " ) ) .get ( ) << "
This is a test !
" ; }
It ’s clear that you have to protect the filename_ variable in the multithreaded context , e.g. , with a mutex .
Using MFC classes and your own classes
If you want to use the logger with classes from MFC or with your own classes , you have to define the stream operator << for them as shown in the following code fragment for CString and COleDateTime .
typedef std::basic_ostream<TCHAR > stream_type ; stream_type &operator < <( stream_type &log , const CString &text ) { log << text .
operator LPCTSTR ( ) ; return log ; } stream_type &operator < <( stream_type &log , const COleDateTime & dateTime ) { log << dateTime .
Format( ) ; return log ; } int main ( int , char **) { CTXLOG ( _T ( " main ( ) " ) )
<< CString ( " MFC String : " ) << COleDateTime:: GetCurrentTime ( ) << _ T ( "
" ) ; }
Compiler issues
I ’ve tested this code with Visual Studio 2008 , Visual Studio 6 , and GCC ( Open Suse 10.3 ) .
On Visual Studio 6 , I had to replace the clear ( ) function of std :: basic_string with resize(0 ) and set the debug level to 3 instead of 4 to make it compile without too much warnings within the STL .
For my version of GCC , I have to fully qualify the typedef s from base classes or types within the template parameters :
E.g. :
virtual typename traits : : int_type::int_type overflow ( typename traits : : int_type int_type c ) ;
[ 1 ] Nicolai M. Josuttis , The C++ Standard Library , A Tutorial and Reference
Tip # 1 : Boost your immune system before you go
Tip # 2 : Bring superfood powders for instant meals
Tip # 3 : Bring a Blender Bottle to make instant superfood drinks
Tip # 4 : Carefully choose your supplements , and bring them in plastic bottles , not glass
Tip # 5 : Bring a gravity - fed countertop water filter ( Brita , Pur , etc . )
Tip # 6 : Bring some Organic Food Bars or other healthy , portable foods
Tip # 7 : Seek out the healthiest food you can find
Tip # 8 : Bring a jump rope , yoga mat , or swimsuit to stay active
Tip # 9 : Get into nature
Tip # 10 : Have emergency first - aid herbs on hand
Tip # 11 : Bring your own personal care products
Tip # 12 : Bring your own natural laundry detergent
What about the " Airborne " supplement ?
Please help support NaturalNews with an Honor System donation NaturalNews needs your financial support to keep bringing you quality , independent articles , product reviews , audio programs , reference websites and other quality content .
Please consider a donation of $ 5 , $ 10 , $ 25 or more to support Natural News .
Use the Amazon Honor System box on the left to make your donation .
Thank you for your support !
- Mike Adams , the Health Ranger
Mike 's travel journal
The Paper Bag Nazi at Whole Foods
( Natural News ) Traveling can be hard on your health .
Increased stress , changing time zones and difficulty finding healthy food can all negatively impact your health .
And if you travel by air , you have the added problems of exposure to airborne pathogens , fragrance chemicals , and other pollutants brought into your air space by unhealthy people .
On top of that , there 's the additional difficulty of bringing all your health supplements , superfoods and appliances with you ( a Vita - Mix is heavy ! ) .
So how can you protect yourself from sickness and environmental stress when traveling while still providing yourself with your most important health supplements and superfoods ?
Being an experienced traveler myself , I 'll share with you my best tips for maximizing your health when traveling on planes , trains or automobiles .
Do n't dare walk into an airport , train station or other public place without protecting your immune system first .
How do you accomplish that ?
It 's simple :
For at least three days before your trip , start drinking lots of vegetable juice and taking immune - boosting herbal supplements .
It 's even better if you 're drinking fresh juices every day as a regular habit , but if you 're not , at least kick in the healthful juices before you travel .
On the supplements side , I like to take Kyolic garlic supplements ( www.Kyolic.com ) , medicinal mushrooms ( www.MushroomScience.com ) , Echinacea , goldenseal , ginger and other similar immune herbs ( www.BaselineNutritionals.com ) .
It 's also important to get plenty of zinc in your diet by eating pumpkin seeds or taking high - quality zinc supplements .
Taking lots of vitamin C and vitamin D3 is also helpful , but be sure to get them from high - quality supplements ( I do n't recommend cheap multivitamins like the Centrum brand ) .
The best sources for high - end individual supplements are www.WellnessResources.com and www.LivingFuel.com
( check out theirHaving superfood powders with you at all times is a great travel strategy , even if you 're just traveling to a relative 's house for a few days ( your relatives probably are n't as health conscious as you are , right ? ) .
Do n't clobber your immune system by eating the junk in their refrigerator ; bring your own superfoods and amaze ( or annoy ) your friends and relatives with your own astonishing commitment to a truly healthful diet !
Which superfood products should you bring ?
There are a lot of them I recommend , including Living Fuel ( www.LivingFuel.com ) , Boku Superfood ( www.BokuSuperfood.com ) , Healthforce Nutritionals ( www.HealthForce.com ) , HempShake ( www.Nutiva.com ) , Emerald Balance ( www.SGNnutrition.com ) and Delicious Greens ( www.Greens8000.com ) .
There 's even a new product I just saw at Whole Foods called Amazing Meal ( www.AmazingGrass.com ) .
I have n't tried it yet , but I know their Amazing Grass product is high quality , and I intend on reviewing their Amazing Meal product soon .
The point is to bring a lot of nutritious foods with you in a highly concentrated form .
There 's no form more concentrated than dried superfood powders .
Just add water , shake it up , and you 've got a meal !
Speaking of shaking up your superfoods , you 'll need a clever way to accomplish that unless you 've managed to bring a Vita - Mix ( which I 've been known to do , even on airplane trips ) .
Far lighter than a Vita - Mix , the Blender Bottle ( www.BlenderBottle.com ) uses a stainless steel coil inside a plastic shaker bottle to deliver superfood smoothies that are almost as good as those you 'd make in a blender .
The blender bottle is incredibly light , durable and easy to pack .
I have one with me right now , and I shake up 3 - 4 superfood drinks each day with it .
While it wo n't blend up fruits and vegetables , it easily blends superfood powders ( including protein powder ) .
Do n't leave home without this cool device !
( And by the way , I do n't mind the fact that it 's made out of plastic .
I only use it when traveling .
A little exposure to plastic from time to time is harmless , especially if you 're loading up with superfoods . )
Speaking of glass , while I prefer to store nutritional products in glass bottles at home , when I 'm on the road , I carry them in either plastic bottles or plastic bags .
Yes , I do n't like plastic , either , but for traveling there 's simply no replacement .
They 're light and virtually unbreakable .
You do n't want to find glass shards in your suitcase after you claim it at baggage check do you ?
A gravity - fed countertop water filter will let you " make " clean water just about anywhere .
Just fill it up with your hotel 's tap water and wait for filtered water to appear in the container .
This is the water you 'll use to make your superfoods .
Yes , I know :
It 's not the best water in the world .
If you want the best water , build a log cabin near an artesian well somewhere and drink your artesian water out of glass jars .
But for those who need to travel , a countertop Brita filter will remove chlorine and other pollutants , giving you safe water to drink without forcing you to buy the hotel 's water ( which is at least triple the cost of gasoline , by the way ) .
Brita water filters are incredibly light , too .
You can even pack other gear inside them , such as your toothbrush , Dr. Bronner 's soap , and other personal care products .
As you 've no doubt noticed , airplane food is mostly junk food filled with chemicals ( unless you sit in first class , in which case it will be gourmet food filled with chemicals ) .
So unless you want to destroy your health before you arrive at your destination , bring your own food and avoid the toxic food items handed out to all the other clueless passengers ( who will apparently eat anything handed to them in a pretty wrapper ... )
What to bring ?
Healthy food bars , of course !
My favorites are the Organic Food Bar ( www.OrganicFoodBar.com ) and the Greens + High Protein Food Bar ( www.GreensPlus.com ) .
I 've also found some truly awesome raw food snacks from a new company called RawPhoriaLIVE ( www.RawPhoriaLive.com ) .
Their RawNola ( raw granola ) products are absolutely perfect for traveling .
And they 're outrageously delicious .
( Their website is n't ready to take orders yet , but they do list phone numbers if you want to order from them by phone . )
Some other things to bring are raw nuts from www.TransitionNutrition.com and a great new product I 've discovered called Barney Butter ( www.BarneyButter.com ) , which is a super delicious almond butter in a convenient travel pack .
Just squeeze it onto raw cashews and you 'll enjoy a super healthy snack while the passengers next to you lick the salt crumbs out of their pitiful peanut baggies ...
Once you arrive at your destination , do n't leap to the local all - you - can - eat processed food bar ; get to a Whole Foods or even just a regular grocery store where you can buy some fresh produce .
Even if you can't find organic , just get something fresh .
Non-organic produce is still better than any processed food .
Even if you do n't have a small refrigerator in your hotel room , you can still load up on oranges , melons and a few fresh items that will last a day or two without refrigeration .
For those times when I 'm completely out of fresh produce options , I like to buy almond milk and puffed kamut cereal , then I stir some SunWarrior protein into a bowl of kamut to make a high - protein cereal snack .
It is n't raw , and it 's not fresh , but it 's not bad for food on the road .
It certainly beats the $ 15 scrambled eggs offered by your hotel 's room service menu ( which are probably scrambled on Teflon pans , by the way ... )
Staying active is key to staying healthy on any trip -- and perhaps not for the reasons you suspect .
I think one of the best advantages of exercise while traveling is thatas you work your cardio .
This will eliminate toxic chemicals through your sweat glands ( sweating is one of the best detox strategies of all ! )
So the key here is not necessarily to work you heart or muscles , but to sweat as much as possible while replenishing your body with healthy fluids ( the superfood drinks you made , above ) .
Of course , exercise also reduces stress and enhances your mood , and that tends to make your travel a lot more enjoyable in the first place .
Wherever you go , find a park , beach , lake or forest where you can chill out and soak up some nature .
Just getting outside and breathing some fresh air can make a huge difference in your stress levels , so make a point to get into nature wherever you go .
Even New York has parks !
Also , be sure toso that the morning light comes through and resets your circadian rhythm to be in sync with the local time .
This therapeutic use of light is key to getting your body in sync with reality .
If your hotel room is pitch dark because you 've closed the heavy blinds , your brain will never get the signal that it 's time to produce " wake me up hormones !
" I recommend traveling with a 1 oz .
tincture bottle of cayenne pepper , plus some other herbs such as :• Peppermint ( for digestion ) •
Ginger ( for motion sickness and immune boosting ) •
Aloe vera gel ( for digestion and anti-viral uses ) ( www.GoodCauseWellness.com - This isTraditional Chinese Medicine remedy that stops bleeding !
It 's a formula that was developed in 1902 , and it has an astounding ability to stop bleeding from cuts , scrapes and other wounds .
All emergency rooms should use Yun Nan Bai Yao , but of course western medical people are clueless about any systems of medicine they did n't invent themselves , so they remain ignorant of Yun Nan Bai Yao .
You 'll have to visit a Chinese medicine store to find this .
Ask for it by name .
Learn more at : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yunnan_Baiyao
Do n't rely on the shampoo and soap in the hotel .
Those products are loaded with toxic fragrance chemicals ( even in " green " hotels , which are n't really green , by the way ) .
Instead , bring you own personal care products .
Here are some of the ones I bring : • Dr. Bronner 's soap ( www.DrBronner.com ) -
For washing your hands , face and body .
I even use it as a shampoo . •
Toothsoap ( www.Toothsoap.com ) - Better than toothpaste .
Simple , natural and portable .
I like the " Plain Jane " variety . •
Dental Miracle ( www.DentalMiracle.com ) - Herbal tooth powder .
Great for traveling .
Fights gum disease and other oral health problems . •
Peri-Gum ( www.Peri-Gum.com ) -
A cayenne - based herbal mouthwash with multiple medicinal herbs .
Fantastic for rinsing your mouth after brushing your teeth . •
Natural Sunscreen - I do n't use sunscreen , but if you want to , bring a natural brand .
It 's virtually impossible to find natural sunscreen products on the road ( even from health food stores ! ) .
The most natural brand I 've seen yet is called Caribbean Blue ( www.GoCaribbeanBlue.com
If you 're going to do laundry at your destination and you do n't want to use the toxic chemically - contaminated detergents offered for sale at retail , you 'll need your own laundry detergent .
Naturally , I hope you choose my own brand -- Bodhi Soap Nuts , which you 'll find at www.BetterLifeGoods.com -- but there are other great brands out there , too , including Seventh Generation , Maggie 's Soap Nuts and other eco-conscious laundry soaps .
The important thing here is to .
Nearly all conventional laundry products contain cancer - causing chemicals that are not only terrible for your own health ; they 're also disastrous for the environment when flushed downstream !
Is the " Airborne " supplement any good ?
It 's the one that claims to be " created by a schoolteacher .
" To answer this question , just read the ingredients yourself .
You 'll find that Airborne contains aspartame .
Any " health " product made with aspartame is , in my opinion , a complete joke .
Do n't waste your time ( or money ) on Airborne .
I'm on the road right now , visiting nutritional supplement companies to conduct audio and video interviews .
I just interviewed KC Craichy from LivingFuel today , in fact .
We filmed a NaturalNews segment in a TV studio , and actually had a really cool kitchen studio where we blended up our favorite smoothies on camera !
( Watch for those videos in a few weeks on Natural News ... )
While packing for my trip , I discovered a yellow and black poisonous snake crawling down the hallway of my home .
This was a bit shocking , but not out of the realm of possibility ( I live in the desert , after all ) .
Trapping and removing a poisonous snake is tricky .
I learned they get pretty annoyed when you try to move them .
Fortunately , I was ultra careful and managed to release the snake in a gulch behind my house .
( My neighbors kill every creature they find in their yard , but I prefer to set them free . )
The next bit of excitement came during takeoff on a Delta flight .
Just before pitching skyward and leaping off the runway , our pilot slammed on the brakes and halted the plane in an " aborted takeoff " maneuver .
Turns out an indicator light came on in the cockpit , telling the pilot a cargo door was open .
There was a bit of excitement there as all the passengers imagined their belongings being strewn across the runway .
I 've discovered that airline passengers get really angry if their flights are delayed for no apparent reason , but if you scare the crap out of them first with an aborted takeoff brake - slamming maneuver , they do n't complain at all -- they 're just happy to be alive !
I 've never seen a crowd so happy to be delayed for two hours at the airport .
In Florida , where I 'm currently staying , I found a Whole Foods and picked up some fresh produce .
It turns out the cashier was a NaturalNews reader ( hi , Linda ! ) , so we chatted a bit about the website , and she was really glad to meet me in person .
The person bagging my purchases , however , had no idea who I was , and when I asked if I could buy three extra paper bags , she morphed into a Paper Bag Nazi and declared that her job in the world was to protect the environment from too many paper bags , and no , I could n't buy any extra bags .
When I pointed out that they actually GIVE paper bags to people who buy things , she said she could give me more paper bags only if I bought more stuff to put in them .
I then pointed out that buying more stuff was probably worse for the environment that just getting more paper bags .
She did not seem amused by this inescapable logic , and she defended the paper bags issue as if she were a Whole Foods shareholder or something .
When I took my purchases to my car , I could n't find the herbal tinctures I had purchased there , so I went back to the checkout lane to see if they had been left behind .
They were n't there either , and a Whole Foods customer service rep asked me what I was doing , so I explained to her that I had just bought these three herbal tinctures and I could n't find them in my bags .
Just then , the Paper Bag Nazi appeared again , and with an accusatory scowl , she insisted that she had personally packed those tinctures in my bags , and that I already had them .
( She was now convinced that not only was I a paper bag thief , I was also an herbal tincture thief ! )
In a final attempt to conclude the issue , I went back to my car , rummaged through the paper bags , and sure enough , I did find the herbal tinctures .
Guess where they were ?
The Paper Bag Nazi had wrapped themSomehow I think this girl will soon end up working for the TSA ( those are the people who run the security screenings at U.S. airports ) .
One of those people , by the way , was running the X - ray conveyer belt back and forth as I waited for my luggage to be irradiated at the airport security checkpoint .
After about a minute of jockeying this belt forwards and backwards , accompanied by frustrating scowls , he looked right at me and declared , " I hate these new X - ray machines .
The buttons do n't work .
" I replied to him , " That 's called an upgrade , sir .
" He laughed , paused for a moment , and then said back to me , " No , that 's called a GOVERNMENT upgrade !
" Well said .
YouTube has introduced rich metadata into select videos , which will significantly impact how online video is discovered and consumed .
Announced in June , we have found the technology is very useful .
Last week , we got an update on this from Steve Grove , head of news and politics at YouTube .
YouTube applies a technology in which automated spiders “ listen ” and
transcribe the words in the audio track of a video .
This transcription , in the form of
metadata , is embedded into the video .
This new speech - to - text technology has been applied to campaign videos from John McCain and Barack Obama
as well as non-campaign produced clips .
The search box is found on
YouTube You Choose page .
( It ’s on the lower left area of the page . )
Visitors can enter words such as “ Iraq , “ Global Warming , ” and
“ Free Trade . ”
Also , putting your cursor over the timeline , you can see the transcription .
While this is the first voice - to - text speech application at YouTube and will likely expand , this
is an emerging area in video search .
Companies including Blinkx ,
EveryZing and Delve are providing voice - to - text transcriptions in the form of metadata .
Later this year , Adobe , will provide speech - to - text technology into the Flash video production environment , Beet .
TV has learned .
This is a critically important development in bringing effective search to online video .
I interviewed Steve at Stanford last week where he was a panelist on the Beet .
TV online video
roundtable .
Here ’s story about YouTube and the new voice - to - text features by Anthony Ha at Venture Beat .
McCain ’s Obama Celebrity Video is Blockbuster on YouTube
Uploaded to YouTube less than 24 hours ago , the McCain campaign ad about Obama ’s “ celebrity ” status , comparing him with Britney Spears and Paris Hilton , has had 750,000 views at this hour .
— Andy Plesser , Executive Producer
I recently had the opportunity to learn more about TiVo 's award - winning remote control when I met with their Senior Director of Consumer Engineering Paul Newby , father of the TiVo remote .
Aside from hearing the story of how the remote slowly sprouted into the " Peanut , " I found out some unknown stories behind the clicker .
Stuff like TiVo butting heads with Sony , rare remote colors that no one outside TiVo will ever own ( or see until now ) .
Or how the remote could get a QWERTY or lose all its buttons in favor of a touchscreen .
As I sat down with Paul and began to weed through containers of foam molds and old remote prototypes , I asked him to start from the beginning and explain how TiVo had turned a Peanut into one of the world 's most loved remotes .
Advertisement
History & Design
By the spring of 1998 , TiVo was developing what we all know now as the DVR .
During the design stages , their designers knew they would not only need to create a DVR that was extremely functional , but also a corresponding remote control that would allow seamless and intuitive use .
This is where Paul Newby enters .
" I came to TiVo when we were still called Teleworld , and when we started off we grabbed off - the - shelf remotes .
These remotes had multiple rows and columns of keys , and it was clear this was n't going to work .
What we decided to do early on was make a remote that grabbed attention off the coffee table . "
Advertisement
When Newby pushed his designers to create a remote that would stand out , he was shocked by the initial designs .
The reasonable ones resembled items like a bread - stick or a spatula , but there were few that were so crazy they looked more like a toad .
There was one designed that was nicknamed the Peanut .
Once a few foam prototypes were made , the designers called the shape a success .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
" It became obvious early on that to achieve the seamless trick play and control we were after for our new PVR / DVR creation , the remote must be comfortable for long periods of in - hand use .
This and an iconic look , were motivations for the more distinctive , organic , peanut shape . "
This peanut shape saw slight variations from mold to mold , with some that were wafer thin to others that were more like a thick slab .
With the final prototype , designers and the TiVo team felt that a medium amount of curve was the best for a remote .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Once the shape had been finalized , the designers and engineers began tackling other details to the remote .
Aspects like button layout and electronics were now on the drawing board .
But throughout the tedious work of refining , the designers began to poke fun at the decision they made .
Advertisement
" There were a lot of jokes about the shape .
Not just the obvious ones , " said Newby .
" I can remember some referencing to an earlobe , or the shape of the lower back / butt area . "
Like any remote , the designers were adamant about keeping the remote 's button layout as simple as possible .
But with the DVR 's numerous features , the designers needed to create lots of extra buttons .
To keep things straight , each button needed to have a distinctive feel , giving the ability to control the remote without even looking at it , which Newby described as a " key Braille - ability " surprisingly helped by the " blank finger parking spots between keys " that were equally important .
Advertisement
Eight and a half months after the team started in July 1998 , the first remote was done .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Throughout the whole design process , Newby continually told his design team to try anything , but to always keep two things in mind .
" Number one , get up from the desk , and number two , be ready to endure someone telling you in less than an ideal way that your baby stinks . "
Advertisement
Without knowing it , Newby 's last bit of advice was crucial when TiVo started to work with other manufacturers who were reluctant to use this strange Peanut remote .
Dealing With Manufacturers
At this point , TiVo 's designers felt that they had developed one of the most ingenious remotes on the market .
Sadly , when TiVo began working with manufacturers such as Sony and Hughes ( Direct TV ) , they did not feel the same .
Advertisement
" The process was very very very , frustrating and quite frankly , I was surprised . "
Because some of the manufacturers did n't want to use the Peanut shape at all , the TiVo decided that if a different remote was going to be supplemented , it had to have some core requirements .
Advertisement
A big yellow pause button and characterize thumb buttons were a necessity .
But as hard as TiVo pushed , these were the exact type of buttons that the manufactures insisted against .
" Using a bright color on remotes was not something that these companies did .
Anything thing with character images on it , the companies did n't want to use . "
Advertisement
In the end there was consensus , but it was n't easy getting there .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Series Updates
With each Series update the Peanut saw a slight change in design .
Advertisement
" We 've toyed with other shapes in the background but always come back to the peanut .
The subtle shift from Series 1 to Series 2 allowed more free space between keys , space for partner branding , and improvements for manufacturability .
The shift to Series 3 made refinements in key snap , backlight , fore / aft directionality , and balance . "
During the change from Series 1 to Series 2 there was an interesting internal change that many users never knew about .
Advertisement
" We set the IR emitter power fairly high on the early Series 1 production remotes .
This had the effect of being able to control TiVo from any number of off angle positions .
It also turned out that , in some cases , a user could even drape themselves and the remote completely in a blanket , yet still blast through the blanket to control TiVo . "
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Among designing and updating the remote , this concern for battery life would stay as a major concern for adding features .
For example , Newby 's team has a Series 2 remote that was back - lit , but backed off because of power concerns .
With a back - light feature finally being added to the Series 3 remote , the team decided to use 4 AAA batteries rather than 2 AAs .
( As a bonus , the heavier remote had a better center of gravity . )
The batteries offset some of the power drain , but there is also a slight decrease in life , even with the light sensor selectively enabling the remote 's illumination .
Advertisement
Even within the Series 3's lifetime the Peanut remote has seen some changes .
When the first Series 3 remote shipped with the Series 3 TiVo , it had a painted gray bezel .
Now that the Series 3 TiVo is being killed off for TiVo HD , TiVo 's flagship remote is the Glo remote .
The major different between the original Series 3 remote and the new Glo remote is the bezel , which is now a shiny chrome which is cheaper to make .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Rare Remotes
Among the various colors of remotes that were produced , there are a few that were far less common .
Advertisement
For the first version of the remote , TiVo made a translucent array of colors that mimicked their logo 's color .
Sadly though , these remotes never actually made into the public 's hands .
Advertisement
The rarest of them all is a rubberized blue five - year remote .
This remote is only given to employees who have worked with TiVo for more than five years .
More of an award than actual remote , it even has its own stand that displays it proudly .
This remote was originally made in a rubberized Series 2 form , but has now been updated to the non-rubberized Glo form .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
In the same vein as the five - year remote , there is now a 10 - year .
" My team is working on a 10 year remote , and we 're right on the cusp . "
" It will be a permutation of the Glo in a steel blue color . "
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Future
With TiVo continually adding features to their DVRs , there is a growing need for a remote that will complement new features .
The TiVo design team has acknowledged this , and Newby assures that they are are always working on improvements .
" There 's probably about two and half of us at any given time designing the next remote . "
Advertisement
With the next generation TiVo remote on the drawing board , I wondered what the possible additions could be .
When I asked if adding a small QWERTY keyboard was a possibility for the next generation , I was surprised by Newby 's answer .
Advertisement
" Let me just say we 're ping - ponging the idea .
You would n't be disappointed . "
If they had given the idea of adding a keyboard though , then I figured I had to ask if there was possibility of incorporating a touchscreen for future use .
Once again Newby 's response sparked my interest .
Advertisement
" We 've either given it thought or were in the process of prototyping it .
I 'd say it 's a healthy combination of both never been done , done before and what 's been done well elsewhere . "
" So you name it , were thinking about .
But we are carefully at what we throw at it . "
Advertisement
Advertisement
Also , thanks go to Danny .
The Traveler 's Guide To Nuclear Weapons
Free Trinitite Offer Below !
A Journey Through America 's Cold War Battlefields
A FTER S PENDING M ORE T HAN $ 5.8 T RILLION , the American public is still in the dark .
During the last half of the 20th Century , the United States government organized and financed a secret industry that created tens of thousands of nuclear weapons - giving us for the first time in history the capability to destroy all mankind .
This period marked a paradigm shift in the way human beings viewed themselves in their world .
The unique manufacturing facilities that made these weapons after World War II have continued to operate under a cloak of secrecy until the present day .
The Traveler 's Guide to Nuclear Weapons illustrates 160 important homes , offices , laboratories , factories , mills , and bomb detonation sites in the United States .
Scaled maps , photos , tour schedules , and site telephone numbers provide atomic tourists with all they need to visit these historic locations , vicariously or in person .
By means of their extensive travels and research into the backgrounds of these facilities , James Maroncelli and Timothy Karpin enable their readers to appreciate those sites where we really waged the Cold War , often located just down the street or across town .
An Indispensable Guide to the Nuclear Weapons Complex
for the casual traveler or the professional historian
Only $ 29.95 plus S&H
Amazon Kindle Version Only $ 19.95
For a Limited Time Only and While Supplies Last
We are Offering a Free Trinitite Sample With the Purchase of Every CD - ROM Book
Trinitite Was Created by the First Nuclear Explosion in the Alamagordo Desert
in New Mexico
Authenticated by Gamma Spectrometer
at the UC Davis Crocker Nuclear Laboratory
Each Sample(s )
Weighs between 1.2 and 1.8 Grams
Nine Detailed Chapters on a Single CD - ROM
Describe All Aspects of the Nuclear Weapons Complex
( Move Your Mouse Over the Chapter Buttons Below )
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Main Features
More than 400 pages of text covering 160 different locations across the continental United States , Alaska , and Hawaii .
More than 180 color or historical black and white photographs of forgotten places that few have ever seen .
Almost 200 maps and diagrams that show details of the sites ( both historical and current layouts ) and illustrate how workers used their unique machinery to create the special components required for atomic weapons .
More than 50 informative text sidebars that explain details of the nuclear weapons complex including industrial processes , such as uranium and lithium enrichment , and the sources of uranium , plutonium , and other materials that went into the Bomb .
More than 10 pages of bibliographic listings for those who want to pursue a more detailed technical or historical exploration of the nuclear weapons complex .
More than 30 pages of index with detailed cross-references .
All contents copyrighted ©2002 Historical Odysseys Publishers
Home | About the Authors | About Historical Odysseys Publishers | Contact Us | Order the Book
Stay on Top of Enterprise Technology Trends
Get updates impacting your industry from our GigaOm Research Community
As the saying goes , “ The road to hell is paved with good intentions . ”
And so it has been with municipal Wi-Fi .
While the goal of providing free access to citizens is a noble one , muni W - Fi proponents have misunderstood how the Internet is used in public spaces , primarily by assuming that people who can afford laptops are somehow unable to afford Internet access .
The majority of us have the means to pay for mobile voice and data service , especially now that companies like Metro PCS offer cheap , unlimited plans .
However , there is a large population of people who ca n’t pay rent , much less afford a MacBook or a BlackBerry loaded with all the extras .
Perhaps a better solution is to update the concept of lifeline coverage to make it universal and automatic .
It seems reasonable to me to require mobile operators — as a condition for siting cell towers throughout a community — to provide basic service to users who ca n’t afford it .
What might this wireless “ lifeline ” service look like ?
24×7 access to emergency and social services ( 911 , 311 , local agencies )
15 minutes per day of voice calls
Basic data service , downgraded when the network is in demand from paying users
Ability to upgrade to paid plans
Paid plans that go delinquent or to zero balance are automatically downgraded to “ lifeline ” phones with limited service
Ability to re-use second - hand phones
In exchange for supporting the concept of universal service , the mobile operators would receive permission to build more cell towers , tax credits and other incentives to add incremental capacity .
They ’re already building out networks , so the cost of supporting a population of low - impact users should be minimal , especially since they can ration service to non-paying users during peak periods .
Many of these people will also upgrade to paid plans when they can afford it .
It seems to me that the proponents of muni Wi -Fi tried to solve a problem that did n’t really exist .
Anyone who can afford a laptop can generally afford a cheap DSL or cable connection , or can find a hotspot when they need to get online .
Extending broadband Internet to an entire city might be great for road warriors , but for the average person , it ’s a solution looking for a problem .
The real problem is economics , not access , and that ’s something a public - private partnership between cities and mobile operators can solve , and quickly , because it ’s not necessary to build an entirely new network to support these users .
It might not be necessary to build any new infrastructure if mobile operators can figure out how to ration service during periods of high demand from paying users .
Most of us who read this site take communication for granted , and frankly , have a warped view of what people outside the tech industry need .
Talk to a tradesperson or someone who falls under the category of the “ working poor ” and you ’ll get a much different view of what ’s important ( things like an affordable place to live , basic services , the means to find work and get things done ) .
A cheap or free mobile phone can mean the difference between finding work and not , especially for transient populations ( unfortunately a growing population thanks to the recession and mortgage crisis ) .
A well - designed wireless lifeline service could be developed at little cost to either a city or to mobile operators , yet would enable even the poorest of the poor to have the same access to information , services and jobs that the rest of us take for granted .
If it works here , the model could be copied everywhere , especially in developing countries where the gap between the haves and have - nots is even more pronounced .
Brian McConnell is the founder of the Worldwide Lexicon project and Der Mundo .
Think Progress :
The Bush administration is currently trying to push Iraqis into accepting a indefinite long - term security agreement , with demands including nearly 60 permanent bases , immunity for foreign contractors , control over air space , and authorization for war with Iran .
But Iraqis are rejecting the administration ’s stubborn attempts to control Iraq ’s future .
Today , Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki remarked , “ The American version of the agreement infringes hugely on the sovereignty of Iraq and this is something that we cannot ever accept . ”
Today , CNN ’s Michael Ware said the U.S. presented a second draft of the agreement , but Iraqis rejected it because the draft is “ the same as the first . ”
According to Ware , many Iraqis now want to “ go it alone ” and may even “ take over this war ” :
WARE : What we ’re also hearing from the Iraqi government is they may go it alone , using a hangover snippet of law left over from the original American occupation authority of Paul Bremer .
They could create their own legislation in their own Congress or Parliament , and thereby dictate to America what U.S. troops can and cannot do in this country , where they can go , where they must stay , and how many you ’re allowed to have .
So you may see the Iraqis taking over this war , and you may see a lot of U.S. gains being drawn back .
Read on ...
Donington hosted its last Formula One race in 1993 The British Grand Prix will move from Silverstone to Donington Park from 2010 as part of a new 10 - year deal .
Silverstone , which had been home to the race since 1987 , is owned by the British Racing Drivers ' Club , who had been in talks to secure a new deal .
" We wanted a world class venue for F1 , something teams and fans could be proud of , " said F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone .
" Donington 's development plans will give us exactly that , a venue to put British motorsport back on the map . "
Ecclestone said he was disappointed that the government had not intervened to help the Northamptonshire venue retain the race .
" I am sorry that we could not have helped Silverstone to raise the money to carry out the circuit improvements and run F1 , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" I believe that the government should have supported them , which would have cost probably less than .002 % of the government 's commitment for the Olympic Games . "
Max Mosley , the president of international motorsport 's governing body the FIA , said he was glad that the future of the race had been secured .
" After many years of patient but fruitless negotiation with the BRDC , we are delighted that Bernie has nevertheless been able to ensure that the British Grand Prix will keep its place on the F1 calendar , " he said .
My experience with Formula
One is that things are typically always in a state of flux and I do n't think the fat lady has sung just yet
BRDC president Damon Hill
" We understand that the development programme planned for Donington will achieve the very high standards we expect from a modern F1 circuit .
" Finally , British fans will get the venue they deserve . "
Silverstone Circuits Limited and the BRDC said they were disappointed by the verdict and that they were considering their position .
606 : DEBATE Silverstone is the home of British motor racing and easily one of the most exciting circuits on the calendar
jackpot83
" It is particularly disappointing to receive this information during the course of the British Grand Prix weekend , while we are celebrating 60 years of Silverstone and 80 years of the BRDC , " said a statement .
BRDC president Damon
Hill echoed their sentiments .
" Anything which indicates a secure future for the British Grand Prix must be welcomed , " he said .
" Nevertheless , the timing of this announcement is disappointing and a blow to the excellent and hard working staff of Silverstone . "
However , the former world champion believes that with plenty of improvements still needed at Donington , in a relatively short time , to bring it up to Formula
One standard , the matter is not at an end .
" My experience with Formula One is that things are typically always in a state of flux and I do n't think the fat lady has sung just yet , " Hill told BBC Radio 5 Live .
" Silverstone is always going to be here and holding motorsport events .
We want to make sure the British Grand Prix stays on the calendar but we believe at Silverstone we have the best venue and the venue that can provide a future for the race going forward .
" Our plans are sitting there still ready to go and we 'll have to wait and see what happens over the next few months .
" There is a considerable amount of work that needs to be done at Donington .
I 'm not saying it can't be achieved but in our experience making changes to any venue in the UK requires an awful lot of planning consent and convincing of local authorities . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
This is not the first time Ecclestone has taken the race away from Silverstone .
In 2000 , the venue lost the contract to Brands Hatch , but the move never happened as development plans fell foul of planning permission laws .
Donington Park is on the border of Derbyshire and Leicestershire .
The circuit 's owners Simon Gillett and Lee Gill have a five - year , £ 100 m investment programme lined up , and said they were " delighted and extremely proud " to have clinched the deal .
" At the beginning of last year when we acquired the circuit , we made clear our commitment towards realising the full potential of the Park by making the necessary investments that will see Donington revitalised , " they told the Donington Park website .
" To that end , we have now entered a new and exciting chapter in the development of the Park and one that will bring significant investment and regional development while securing the future of one of the most important and significant sporting events in Britain . "
BBC 5 Live Formula
One commentator David Croft said the news was " a huge blow to Silverstone but at least it 's very good news for British fans whose race will still be on the calendar a year after the contract finishes " .
Donington Park last hosted F1 in 1993 , when Ayrton Senna drove one of his greatest races to win the European Grand Prix .
Ayrton Senna ( right ) was the last F1 race winner at Donington
The track has a Grand Prix history that dates back further than Silverstone's .
The first Grand Prix at the track was in 1935 , and it held races until the outbreak of the second World War , famously hosting the battle between the Silver Arrows of Mercedes and Auto Union ( the fore - runner of Audi ) in 1937 and 1938 .
However , it will need a huge overhaul to come up to F1 's standards .
The track will need lengthening , and while Silverstone 's facilities have been consistently criticised by Ecclestone , Donington 's are currently nowhere near the standard of those at the Northamptonshire track .
Many more millions will need to be spent at Donington to bring its facilities up to F1's standards than would have been needed at Silverstone .
The track , which also hosts MotoGP 's British Grand Prix , is located close to East Midlands airport , and about two miles from the M1 motorway , but access to the venue remains a problem .
Some spectators took hours just to get out of the car park at the end of last month 's MotoGP race .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Method ( OSFL , 0 , NotSerialized ) {
If ( LNotEqual ( OSVR , Ones ) ) { Return ( OSVR ) }
If ( LEqual ( PICM , Zero ) ) { Store ( 0xAC , DBG8 ) }
Store ( One , OSVR )
If ( CondRefOf ( _OSI , Local1 ) )
{ If ( _OSI ( " Windows 2000 " ) ) { Store ( 0x04 , OSVR ) }
If ( _OSI ( " Windows 2001 " ) ) { Store ( Zero , OSVR ) } If ( _OSI ( " Windows 2001 SP1 " ) ) { Store ( Zero , OSVR ) } If ( _OSI ( " Windows 2001 SP2 " ) ) { Store ( Zero , OSVR ) } If ( _OSI ( " Windows 2001.1 " ) ) { Store ( Zero , OSVR ) } If ( _OSI ( " Windows 2001.1 SP1 " ) ) { Store ( Zero , OSVR ) } If ( _OSI ( " Windows 2006 " ) ) { Store ( Zero , OSVR ) }
} Else {
If ( MCTH ( _OS , " Microsoft Windows NT " ) ) { Store ( 0x04 , OSVR ) }
Else {
If ( MCTH ( _OS , " Microsoft WindowsME : Millennium Edition " ) ) { Store ( 0x02 , OSVR ) } If ( MCTH ( _OS , " Linux " ) ) { Store ( 0x03 , OSVR ) }
} } Return ( OSVR ) }
Value OS 0 Windows XP , 2003 or Vista .
Linux ( assuming absence of bugs ) 1 Unknown OS 2 Windows ME 3 A version of Linux that does n't implement _OSI and is from before 2.6.9 4 Windows NT 4 and 2000 .
A version of Linux that does n't implement _OSI and is 2.6.9 or later ( I do n't believe any such version exists
If ( LEqual ( OSFL ( ) , Zero ) ) { Store ( 0x59 , SMIC ) } Else {
If ( LEqual ( OSFL ( ) , 0x04 ) ) { Store ( 0x5A , SMIC ) } Else { Store ( 0x58 , SMIC ) } }
Political Map of Canada showing the Provinces
Provinces of Canada ( since April 1999 )
The boundaries of the Provinces of Canada changed on 1st April 1999 , consequent upon the creation of Nunavut , formerly part of the North - West Territories :
Although unlikely to have a profound effect on circumcision statistics , this change must be borne in mind when comparing data before and after the change .
Other boundaries were unchanged .
The francophone ( French - speaking ) part of Canada corresponds approximately with the boundaries of the Province of Québec , though French , of a sort , is also spoken on the other side of the continent in parts of British Columbia .
Canada & the USA - Cultural similarities and differences
There were several postings a few months ago concerning rates of circumcision in the various provinces of Canada .
I had the impression that circumcision was a much less common practice in all but Ontario province .
This past weekend I met a colleague who practices in Alberta and is preparing a study .
He shared with me the perceptions of adolescent males he treats concerning circumcision .
It seems that , at least in southern Alberta , in a radius of 100 miles around Calgary , most teenage males identified themselves as being circumcised and perceive the practice to be universal in Canada .
The opinions sampled included athletes who compete in Canadian national sports .
I quizzed him specifically on this point and his reaction was “ Listen , while Canadians may differ from Americans in many respects , they are still North Americans with regard to this subject ” .
He , incidentally , identifies himself as an uncircumcised male born in the Francophone ( Montreal ) region .
M.Witt , PhD ( undated , circa 1999 )
Those of us who come from outside North America often make the mistake of thinking that Canada is some sort of adjunct to the USA , but a bit colder and a little more English .
Not so .
Healthcare , in particular , is quite different from the US model .
That said , when it comes to circumcision , Canadians from the more westerly provinces ( Manitoba , Saskatchewan , Alberta and British Colombia in particular ) tend to regard circumcision as a matter of common practice thoughout the continent .
The following quote comes from a post to the former Circlist Discussion Group in the 1990s :
The present editor had a Canadian flatmate around 1970 .
He was from Edmonton , Alberta , and also regarded circumcision as universal in Canada .
The Canadian healthcare system and its effect on circumcision rates .
Since 1966 , Canada has had a unified , state - funded healthcare system administered at provincial level .
Qualifying patients do not pay to visit their doctor ; administrations in each province regulate the cost which is then reimbursed by the federal government .
In broad terms it can be thought of as a state - run health insurance scheme with premiums funded through taxation , the central government dispensing funds to the provincial governments through the mechanism of the Canada Health Transfer .
The current ( 2010 ) legislative framework is the Canada Health Act 1984 .
One consequence of the 1984 legislation was that routine infant circumcision ceased to be paid for by the Canadian government .
In this respect Canada was following in the steps of the United Kingdom ’s National Health Service , deeming circumcision to be a cosmetic or cultural matter ( not covered in either country ) rather than a “ preventative ” service which , according to a strict interpretation of the legislation , would qualify in both .
The incidence of routine infant circumcision did not immediately change and may have increased immediately after the procedure was delisted .
The following study was published in 1997 ( R. E. Walton et al . ) :
OBJECTIVE :
To determine the prevalence of neonatal circumcision immediately following delisting of the procedure in Ontario and to examine parents ’ knowledge , attitudes , and behaviours regarding circumcision .
DESIGN : Cross-sectional survey .
SETTING : Perinatal tertiary care centre in southwestern Ontario .
PARTICIPANTS :
Of the 151 mothers approached , three were excluded because they did not speak English and two declined participation ; 112 of 146 mothers of healthy male newborns responded [ resulting in ] a response rate of 77 % .
RESULTS : The circumcision rate before delisting had been 56.2 % ; in the months immediately after , the rate was 59.8 % ( 95 % confidence interval was 51 % , 69 % ) .
Mothers of infants in the outcome groups did not differ significantly in any demographic feature other than education , where the group deciding against circumcision reported higher education levels .
Mothers who chose circumcision listed medical ( 59 % ) and sociocultural considerations ( 40 % ) as most important to their decision .
Father ’s circumcision status was strongly associated with the infant ’s ( chi-squared [ df 1 ] = 25.13 , P = 0.0001 ) .
74 % discussed circumcision with their family physicians prior to requesting the procedure .
CONCLUSIONS :
The prevalence of neonatal circumcision did not change significantly after delisting .
Apparently in conflict with Walton ’s findings , Canadian routine infant circumcision ratesare below 10 % and continuing to decline .
According to the Canadian Institute for Health Information ( CIHI ) , 35,731 male infants were circumcised in Canadian hospitals in 1995 - 1996 , while just 13,157 infants were circumcised in 2008 - 2009 .
But , as ever , one needs to be very careful of official statistics regarding circumcision .
These numbers relate only to circumcisions of infants under one year of age circumcised in “ Acute Care ” ( major ) hospitals , so these figures do n’t tell the whole story .
While the number of neonatal circumcisions performed in hospitals is falling , more parents are having their sons circumcised either at home or in the local doctor ’s office .
Either way , in the absence of medical need they are paying and the non-hospital settings cost less .
Therefore their choice is unsurprising .
Furthermore , as the number of infant circumcisions drops so the number needing it in childhood , teens or young adulthood rises , so we are not seeing the full story .
The website Parentcentral .ca reported in 2010 the opinion of Dr. Jorge DeMaria ( a pediatric urologist at McMaster Children ’s Hospital ) that 50 % of male infants are circumcised in Ontario when one includes those done in doctor ’s offices or at parents ’ homes .
The Parentcentral .ca website no longer exists , but the whole controversy that it documented back in 2010 can be recovered from The Wayback Machine
A major survey of maternal opinions on giving birth was conducted in Canada in 2009 .
What Mothers Say : The Canadian Maternity Experiences Survey
Its findings broadly confirm Dr. DeMaria 's views .
We can see that there are huge differences between provinces .
Circumcision rates in Alberta and Ontario were around 44 % , while two provinces , Nova Scotia and NW Territories were below 10 % .
Overall , 32 % of Canadian babies were circumcised .
Circlist Member Comments
As a Canadian physician who has worked for 10 years with venereal diseases , I ’d say that circumcision is absolutely necessary .
People who do n’t circumcise their boys are playing with fire .
I ’ve seen incredible infections in uncircumcised males , and I think it ’s crazy not to do the procedure .
I circumcise all boys in my care .
Acknowledgements
Personal testimony of members of the CIRCLIST discussion group .
----------------------------I ’m a busy family doctor in Southern Ontario .
I think the real issue here is why we ’re fussing about circumcisions at all .
Women want their breasts propped up and their facial skin tightened .
Men want penile prostheses and hair transplants .
If people want circumcisions , providing the risks are controlled , let them pay and let them have it .----------------------------Even though I ’m Jewish and I circumcised my son for religious reasons , I must admit I increasingly find myself having doubts about the necessity of it .
Yet I think it ’s reasonable to leave it up to parents , because I do n’t believe that circumcising a child causes severe or lasting trauma or results in any major disadvantage .
Still , I suspect that over time , although it may take a few generations , we ’ll see circumcision go by the wayside .----------------------------There are fads in medicine , just as there are in any other discipline , and today ’s evidence indicates that perhaps circumcision is n’t a useful medical procedure .
But circumcisions have been performed for thousands of years and one thing we know is that the procedure carries no inordinate risk .
If parents wish to have their child circumcised , I do n’t see how physicians can discourage them from doing it .----------------------------I think that circumcision should be done on all newborn Canadian boys .
The risk of infection is real - one in 20 boys will require a circumcision at some time in their lives due to infection or other problems .
As a psychiatrist , I ’ve seen a number of boys and men who require circumcision later on ; it ’s quite a traumatic experience .
Furthermore , the African research of Helen Ronald at the University of Manitoba shows that males who ’ve been circumcised have a much lower rate of AIDS than males who have n’t undergone the procedure .----------------------------I’m a specialist who often deals with this area of medicine , particularly with problems which occur in uncircumcised adult males .
If circumcision is n’t adequately assessed by the general population , it ’s bound to fall into significant disfavour , which would be unfortunate .
Healthcare professionals who discourage circumcision are generally only partially informed about the long - term risks and / or benefits of the procedure .
For example , infections or penile cancer are a real concern , but they ’re not the major problem .
The major problem is recurrent balanoposthitis , which is both physically and socially crippling for the uncircumcised .----------------------------I’m a family doctor who ’s been in solo practice for over 25 years .
I have one son who is circumcised and three daughters .
My husband is circumcised and I understand my son- in - law is circumcised .
I ’m a very strong advocate of circumcision .
I see far too much suffering and problems with my male patients when they have to undergo adult circumcision .
Or what about when people get older and need special attention ?
Orderlies are n’t retracting foreskins to ensure proper hygiene when people come into institutional care .
Also , most mothers , certainly by the time the child is three , four or five , do n’t touch the child ’s penis or are very reluctant to do so .
Anyway , I think it ’s naive to assume that the average person practices good hygiene .
Just look at the typical level of gum and teeth care in this country , for goodness sake !----------------------------My son who is now 7 months old , got circumcised at 2 weeks old .
Ever since then circumcision has been a big thing for me ..
I look at people and wonder if they are done or not ...
I wonder why they did n’t do it .
..
I argue with my friends who seem to think that it does n’t matter ... but in my head I think sure it does !
I ’ve done so much studying online about it that my boyfriend probably thinks I ’m a weirdo .
I live in northern Ontario and I had to drive 1 ½ hours away to get it done for my son by the only person in northern Ontario that I know does it .
He is about 80 years old .
What ’s going to happen when he passes away ?----------------------------Brad , from York County , Ontario , writes :
On two occasions I kept “ statistics ” , gathered at the gym belonging to a University in south Ontario .
My findings were as follows :
Of the 297 observations made in 1993 , and 29 % were uncircumcised .
Of the 114 observations made in 1994 , , and 32 % were uncircumcised .
Of the 307 observations made in 1998 , , and 38 % were uncircumcised .
The gym being attached to a university , the youngest persons I saw would have been around 18 .
I guess you noticed that the rates of uncircumcised guys are higher in the 1998 observations than in the 1993 - 4 ones .
This is due , I think , to the higher number of uncut undergraduates in 1998 ( i.e. , persons born about 1978 to 1980 ) .
The following resources were used in the preparation of this web page :
References
R. E. Walton , T. Ostbye , and M. K. Campbell , 1997 Neonatal male circumcision after delisting in Ontario .
Survey of new parents .
Canadian Family Physician . 43 1241-1247 .
Public Health Agency of Canada .
What Mothers Say : The Canadian Maternity Experiences Survey .
Ottawa , 2009 .
Relatives mourn a Palestinian killed by the Israeli army as he infiltrated Israel The al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , a Palestinian militant group , says three of its members have been detained by the larger rival group Hamas .
The move comes after al - Aqsa militants fired two rockets into Israel from the Gaza Strip on Wednesday .
The detentions are the first since Hamas , which controls Gaza , agreed a ceasefire with Israel last month aimed at easing an Israeli blockade .
The al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigades has called for the release of its members .
Israeli police said the rockets fired on Wednesday landed in an open area and no - one was hurt .
The al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigades said it launched the rockets in retaliation for the Israeli army 's killing of an unarmed member of the group as he tried to cross the Gaza - Israel border .
It was the first death along the border since the 19 June ceasefire .
An army spokesman said soldiers saw him near the Kissufim crossing , so they fired warning shots .
When he did not stop , they opened fire and killed him .
In Egypt , a senior Hamas leader , Moussa Abu Marzouk , said the group would continue to hold the truce with Israel and pledged to stop violators .
" Firing rockets is just an act by individuals and not by the resistance groups , and efforts are under way to put them under control , " he said .
' Violations '
Hamas itself had previously been responsible for firing rockets into Israel .
Rockets have been fired on several occasions since the start of the truce between Israel and Hamas .
One of the militant groups behind the salvoes , Islamic Jihad , said it had counted nine truce violations in three weeks , including opening fire on fishermen in Gazan waters .
It is not clear if Israel will respond to the rocket fire by closing Gaza 's goods crossings , which have been sealed off a number of times in similar circumstances since the fragile truce between Israel and Palestinian militants began .
Israeli troops intensified their blockade of Gaza , allowing in only humanitarian and basic supplies , after Hamas seized control of the territory in June 2007 .
Israel occupied Gaza , along with the West Bank , in the 1967 war .
It dismantled settlements in Gaza and pulled troops out unilaterally in 2005 .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Grandmother Ann Withers fought off hammer - wielding thieves with a broom
Police - recorded crime in England and Wales fell 9 % in the 12 months to March , latest figures suggest .
The first reliable figures for knife crime showed there were 22,000 offences last year .
The statistics also show that while the risk of being a victim is at its lowest ever level , people still think that the rate is going up .
Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said she was " extremely pleased " with the overall reduction .
The annual crime report for 2007 - 2008 reveals the longest recorded period of falling crime - down 48 % from 1995 .
It shows there were five million recorded crimes .
All the main categories were down , including violent crime and sex offences , but drug offences were up 18 % , gun crime was up 2 % and murder was up 3 % .
Scotland compiles its statistics separately and its annual crime report is due to be published in September .
The Police Service of Northern Ireland published its 2007 - 2008 crime report in May .
It showed a 10.5 % drop from the previous year , making it the lowest level of crime recorded since 1998 .
Home Office experts say the latest figures show that offences are concentrated in hotspots - some of which have experienced localised increases in crime - and are not evenly spread around England and Wales .
They also say the figures mirror trends in falling crime seen throughout the developed world .
The annual report combines police - recorded crime and statistics from the British Crime Survey ( BCS ) , a victimisation survey which asked 47,000 adults about their experience of crimes .
For the types it covers , the BCS can provide a better reflection of the true extent of crime because it includes ones that are not reported to the police and crimes which are not recorded by them .
The BCS showed the risk of being a victim of crime has fallen from 24 to 22 % , the lowest level recorded since the survey began in 1981 .
However , 65 % of people said they thought rates had gone up nationally .
But the same proportion again thought crime had fallen locally .
The overall picture from the survey was that crime was down 10 % to 10.1 million crimes .
It also showed that 947,000 violent offences were caused by alcohol .
Home Office Minister Tony McNulty said local communities and police should be " very encouraged " that their efforts to cut crime were paying off .
The home secretary , meanwhile , said the government had exceeded its reduction target , but was committed to doing more " so that everyone feels improvement " .
She acknowledged that " knives are still being used in the most serious violent incidents " and said the Youth Crime Action plan published this week was part of a wider package of measures aimed at tackling the problem .
CRIME FIGURES IN FULL Crime in England and Wales 2007/08 [ 1.8 Mb ]
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader .
Download the reader here
Serious violent crimes involving a blade have previously been bundled with other attacks , but since April last year officers have recorded them separately in light of growing public concern .
Police recorded 22,151 offences involving knives last year in England and Wales , including grievous bodily harm , attempted murder , woundings and robbery but not murder .
It amounts to an average of 60 knife offences every day .
The statistics include a force - by - force breakdown of knife crime , with the highest number of offences - 7,409 - recorded in London .
Gordon Brown said he wanted to make carrying a blade as " unacceptable " as having a gun on the streets .
" It is because we have identified the problem of knife crime , and particularly in some hotspots of the country , that we have stepped up our action dramatically , " he said .
" We will do everything in our power to prevent people having knives . "
Crime hotspots in England and Wales BACK NEXT 1 of 3
The willingness of the McCain campaign to engage in these tactics , employing such tainted spokesmen , tells us that the campaign has decided to go negative  specifically , to apply the strategy Karl Rove used so effectively in 2002 and 2004 ( but not so effectively in 2006 ) , that of portraying Democrats as unpatriotic .
And sure enough , Adam Nagourney of The New York Times reports signs of the “ increasing influence of veterans of Mr. Rove ’s shop in the McCain operation . ”
Will Rovian tactics work this year ?
In 2002 and 2004 , Republicans were so successful at playing the patriotism card thanks to a combination of compliant media and cowering Democrats .
At first , the Clark affair suggested that nothing has changed .
News organizations reported as fact the false assertion that General Clark criticized Mr. McCain ’s military service , and the Obama campaign rushed to “ reject ” his remarks .
“ Two days into the Wesley Clark fallout , ” wrote the Columbia Journalism Review on Tuesday morning , “ the press , the G.O.P. , and the Obama campaign all seem to have agreed that Clark ’s recent remarks on John McCain ’s service record were at best impolitic and at worst despicable . ”
Since then , however , both the press and the Obama campaign seem to have recovered some of their balance .
Opinion pieces have started to appear pointing out that General Clark did n’t say what he ’s accused of saying .
Mr. Obama has also declared that General Clark does n’t owe Mr. McCain an apology for his “ inartful ” remarks and denies that his own condemnation , in a speech given on Monday , of those who “ devalue ” military service was aimed at the general .
In the end , the Clark affair may have strengthened the Obama campaign .
Last week , with his cave - in on wiretapping , Mr. Obama was showing disturbing signs of falling into the usual Democratic cringe on national security .
This may have been the week he rediscovered the virtues of standing tall .
Furthermore , my sense , though it ’s hard to prove , is that the press is feeling a bit ashamed about the way it piled on General Clark .
If so , news organizations may think twice before buying into the next fake scandal .
If so , the campaign has just taken a major turn in Mr. Obama ’s favor .
After all , if this campaign is n’t dominated by faux outrage over fake scandals , it will have to be about things that really did happen , like a failed economic policy and a disastrous war  both of which Mr. McCain promises will continue if he wins .
Still think housing is bottoming ?
Neither yesterday 's existing home sales nor the latest batch of quarterly foreclosure numbers support that theory .
Look at these foreclosure facts from RealtyTrac , an online market of foreclosure properties , and decide for yourself :
Home foreclosure filings rose 14 % sequentially in Q208 vs. Q108 .
This is smaller than the 23 % increase between Q108 and Q407 , which could be a sign of deceleration , but it 's the eighth straight jump .
More importantly , the year - over - year change in foreclosure filings continues to accelerate .
Here are the year - over - year changes for the past four quarters : rose 121 % from last year ( Q208 vs. Q207 )
Q2 2008 : 121 %
Q1 2008 : 112 %
Q4 2007 : 86 %
Q3 2007 : 100 %
Some more fun facts :
48 of 50 states and 95 out of the nation 's 100 largest metro areas experienced year - over - year increases in foreclosure activity in Q208
Because foreclosure filings are growing so quickly , RealtyTrac will be raising its foreclosure forecast for the year : " We 've been saying foreclosures will total 1.9 million to 2 million this year ... but midway through the year , we 're already at 1.4 million so we 're going to be raising our projections . "
See Also :
Analysts Ransack Existing Home Sales For Any Sign of Upturn , Find None
Existing Home Sales Awful , Plunge 15 % Year - Over - Year
Next Stop For the Housing Crash : China
Unlined Curtains are a good option if you are looking for a low cost option .
If the fabric is dimout or blackout it will provide you with a good amount of shading for the rooms with these curtains , dimout will be 90 % + and blackout with a 3 pass coating will be 100 % blackout .
Obviously depending where the track is located it will depend how much light will come through .
Lawns in the U.S. cover an area roughly the size of New York State ; each year , forty billion dollars is spent on their upkeep .
Illustration by Robert Risko
In 1841 , Andrew Jackson Downing published the first landscape - gardening book aimed at an American audience .
At the time , Downing was twenty - five years old and living in Newburgh , New York .
He owned a nursery , which he had inherited from his father , and for several years had been publishing loftily titled articles , such as “ Remarks on the Duration of the Improved Varieties of New York Fruit Trees , ” in horticultural magazines .
Downing was dismayed by what he saw as the general slovenliness of rural America , where pigs and poultry were allowed to roam free , “ bare and bald ” houses were thrown up , and trees were planted haphazardly , if at all .
( The first practice , he complained , contributed to the generally “ brutal aspect of the streets . ” )
His “ Treatise on the Theory and Practice of Landscape Gardening ” urged readers to improve themselves by improving their front yards .
“ In the landscape garden we appeal to that sense of the Beautiful and the Perfect , which is one of the highest attributes of our nature , ” it declared .
Downing ’s practical ideas about how to achieve the Beautiful included grouping trees in clusters , importing shrubbery of “ the finest foreign sorts , ” and mixing forms and colors with enough variety to “ keep alive the interest of a spectator , and awaken further curiosity . ”
Essential to any Perfect garden , he held , was an expanse of “ grass mown into a softness like velvet . ”
As an example of what he had in mind , Downing pointed to the Livingston estate , near Hudson , New York .
( Privately , in a letter to a friend , he noted that maintaining the grounds of the Livingston estate required the labors of ten men . )
“ No expenditure in ornamental gardening is , to our mind , productive of so much beauty as that incurred in producing a well kept lawn , ” he wrote .
By almost any measure , the “ Treatise ” was a success .
It went through eight editions and sixteen printings , and it made Downing famous .
One critic called him the “ Sir Joshua Reynolds of our rural decorations . ”
The “ Treatise , ” another proclaimed , had ushered in a “ new epoch in the annals both of our literature and our social history . ”
In 1851 , Downing was invited by President Millard Fillmore to design improvements to the grounds around the Capitol .
Before the project could be completed , however , Downing died in a steamboat accident on the Hudson ; he was just thirty - six .
Downing ’s practice was taken over by his protégé , Calvert Vaux , whom he had brought over from London as an assistant .
( Vaux named his first son Downing . )
Later , Vaux joined up with Frederick Law Olmsted , whose career Downing had also encouraged .
The two men embraced many of Downing ’s ideas .
They designed Central Park , with its broad lawns , and laid out suburbs like Riverside , Illinois , and Sudbrook Park , Maryland , with their many lesser lawns .
Olmsted and Vaux ’s work , in turn , influenced countless suburban subdivisions .
The design for Levittown little resembled the Livingston estate , except for the grassy plot surrounding every Cape Cod .
“ No single feature of a suburban residential community contributes as much to the charm and beauty of the individual home and the locality as well - kept lawns , ” Abraham Levitt once observed .
Having migrated into many parts of the United States that did not yet belong to the United States when the “ Treatise ” was published , the lawn today is nearly ubiquitous .
Its spread has given rise to an entire industry , or , really , complex of industries — Americans spend an estimated forty billion dollars each year on grass — and to the academic discipline of turf management , degrees in which can now be obtained from , among other schools , the University of Massachusetts and Ohio State .
The lawn has become so much a part of the suburban landscape that it is difficult to see it as something that had to be invented .
This triumph has also brought into being a new tradition in landscape writing .
The anti-lawn treatise attacks both the idea of the velvety expanse — David Quammen has observed , only half jokingly , that though Communism has fallen , “ lawnism ” continues — and the real labor that goes into pursuing it .
The writer in this tradition toils in the hope ( probably vain ) of reversing more than a hundred and fifty years of gardening history .
He envisions an American landscape that looks more like it did in Downing ’s day — one covered in moss , or scrub , or , alternatively , just weeds .
Among the dozen or so main grasses that make up the American lawn , almost none are native to America .
Kentucky bluegrass comes from Europe and northern Asia , Bermuda grass from Africa , and Zoysia grass from East Asia .
These and other so - called turfgrasses are botanically ambidextrous ; they can reproduce sexually , by putting out seeds , and asexually , by spreading laterally .
( Biologists believe that they acquired this second ability some twenty million years ago , during the Miocene , when large herbivores , including the ancestors of the modern horse , switched from eating leaves to munching grass . )
Mowing turfgrass quite literally cuts off the option of sexual reproduction .
From the gardener ’s perspective , the result is a denser , thicker mat of green .
From the grasses ’ point of view , the result is a perpetual state of vegetable adolescence .
With every successive trim , the plants are forcibly rejuvenated .
In his anti-lawn essay “ Why Mow ? , ” Michael Pollan puts it this way : “ Lawns are nature purged of sex and death .
No wonder Americans like them so much . ”
In the early days of lawns — British aristocrats started planting them sometime around the start of the eighteenth century — there were two ways to mow .
A landowner could use grazing animals , like sheep , which meant also employing sheepkeepers , or he could send out bands of scythe - wielding servants .
Then , in 1830 , Edwin Beard Budding , an engineer from Gloucestershire , came up with a third alternative — “ a machine for mowing lawns , etc . ”
( Supposedly , Budding was inspired by the rotating blades then used to trim the nap on carpets . )
Budding ’s invention made the task of cutting grass faster and cheaper and , at least for the maker of the new mowers , profitable .
Further mechanical improvements followed .
In 1870 , an American inventor named Elwood McGuire designed a lightweight mower with an innovative wheel design .
By 1885 , U.S. manufacturers were pumping out machines at the rate of fifty thousand a year .
In 1893 , the first steam - powered mower was patented , and a few decades later the gasoline - powered mower hit the market .
An advertisement for an Ideal Junior Power Mower , from 1922 , celebrated the exceptional efficiency of the new technology .
It asserted that many property owners , “ who previously had to hire two or three men to keep their grass cut , now do the work with one of these . ”
A lawn may be pleasing to look at , or provide the children with a place to play , or offer the dog room to relieve himself , but it has no productive value .
The only work it does is cultural .
In Downing ’s day , the servant - mowed lawn stood , eloquently , for the power structure that made it possible : who but the very rich could afford such a pointless luxury ?
As mechanical mowers enabled middle - class suburbanites to cut their own grass , this meaning was lost and a different one took hold .
A lawn came to signal its owner ’s commitment to a communitarian project : the upkeep of the greensward that linked one yard to the next .
“ A fine carpet of green grass stamps the inhabitants as good neighbors , as desirable citizens , ” Abraham Levitt wrote .
( By covenant , the original Levittowners agreed to mow their lawns once a week between April 15th and November 15th . )
“ The appearance of a lawn bespeaks the personal values of the resident , ” a group called the Lawn Institute declared .
“ Some feel that a person who keeps the lawn perfectly clipped is a person who can be trusted . ”
From FSL
Authors : Patrick Meredith , Mark Hills , and Grigore Rosu
Scheme is a functional ( though impure ) language , with a first class representation of continuations .
In Scheme , code and data have a unified representation ; because of this , Scheme has some of the best meta - programming tools of any language .
K - Scheme is a formal , executable , definition of Scheme , using the K language definitional style within ( the equational fragment of ) rewriting logic .
It has been inspired from an earlier definition of LISP , called LISB ; superficial changes include , but are not limited to : macros by example , vectors , true strings , improper lists , scheme - style variable arguments , call - with - current - continuation ( and its relatives call - with - values and dynamic - wind ) , quasiquotation , and first class environments .
K - Scheme can serve at least two purposes :
as a formal , equational definition of Scheme complementary to the informal one in the R5RS report , and
as a platform for experimentation with new features and future versions of Scheme .
K - Scheme is available for download and can also be executed online :
News and Change Logs
2007 - 10 - 10 : K - Scheme version 1.3 was released .
Improvements over 1.2 :
Non-deterministic evaluation of sub terms in function application forms
Non-deterministic evaluation of unquote forms in quasiquote forms
Non-deterministic copy for quote
Better error messages
2007 -08 - 13 : K - Scheme version 1.2 was released .
Improvements over 1.1 :
Scheme defined functions moved into library , initialization module removed .
Most keywords are now treated as normal identifiers , simplifying the definition .
New parser written using ocamlyac and ocamllex fixes old shortcomings
2007-07 - 23 : K - Scheme version 1.1 was released .
Improvements over 1.0 :
Added internal defines .
Definition made cleaner .
Built - in procedures and keywords are now properly bound in the global environment rather than the local .
2007 -06 -30 : K - Scheme version 1.0 was released .
Known limitations :
Current K - Scheme definition uses the K technique , but it " implements " it using plain rewriting logic in Maude , taking full advantage of some current Maude specifics , such as , for example , that the equations are applied in order ; these assumptions simplify K - Scheme 's definitions and are easy to eliminate if one is interested in using our definition for other purposes , such as formal property proving .
To make our definition Maude - friendly , the Scheme syntax was adjusted ; however , the download package , as well as K - Scheme 's online iterface ( ) , use a parser to automatically translate a Scheme program into a K - Scheme program .
Parser occasionally fails ; it should be modified in the near future .
Lacks internal defines and a few library procedures .
Let label not defined .
Macros incomplete , but functional for many important cases ( they may be migrated to operate on the internal representation rather than syntax at a future date to support staged macro evaluation -- needed to properly support marcos within eval , or even nested eval , expressions ) .
Download and Installation
before download !
The formal Maude definition of K - Scheme is available below , as well as the parser and examples :
All one needs to do is to start Maude and then load the .maude file in the package above .
The parser requires Python .
It accepts a scheme file and outputs K - Scheme code to standard out .
Documentation
Detailed documentation will be posted here soon .
The Maude definition in the download package above is documented and can be most useful .
Publications
Publications on K - Scheme are available below in reverse chronological order .
The original tech report was modified to form the submission to the Scheme workshop .
The last tech report explains newer additions to the definition , and is more concise , using the actual K notation rather than the implementation language .
R5RS provides a comprehensive informal definition of the current version of Scheme .
Advertisements
Today House Republicans successfully blocked a bill from passing that would have encouraged states to hold verifiable elections by converting to a paper ballot voting system , offer emergency paper ballots , and conduct hand - counted audits .
The bill titled the Emergency Assistance for Secure Elections
Act of 2008 fell short of the 2/3 needed for passage .
The vote was 239 - 178 in favor .
The bill ’s sponsor Rep. Rush Holt ( D - NJ ) did n’t understand why Republicans chose to make this a partisan issue .
“ There is no reason why this should be a partisan issue but the Republicans evidently have chosen to make it so .
The White House issued a statement opposing the bill and 176 of 203 Republicans voted that way .
What everyone should want is a national standard that would help ensure verifiable elections .
We made this an even more modest bill to gain bipartisan support and pass quickly .
It merely offers reimbursement to states that chose the option of auditable and audited elections ; there is no mandate .
Republicans are evidently unwilling to accept even this modest attempt to bring about verifiable elections . ”
Republicans claimed that they opposed the bill because it was too expensive .
A worst case scenario would have cost the federal government $ 685 million , but Holt pointed out that Republicans have no problem with paying for verifiable elections in other countries .
“ I ’d like to ask the opponents how much spending is too much to have verifiable elections in the United States .
I note that many people who opposed this legislation supported spending almost $ 330 million in recent years to provide election assistance in Iraq , Afghanistan , and Pakistan .
I would have hoped those who supported efforts to export democracy abroad would be equally committed to strengthening democracy here at home . ”
Advertisements
Why do n’t Republicans want American voters to have the same rights as those in Iraq and Afghanistan ?
Could it be because several Republican congressmen have financial interests in the electronic voting machine manufacturers ?
Maybe it is because the GOP seems to win every election that has ballot issues ?
This is one of those petty election year moves that make the Republicans look like they do n’t want fair elections .
Votes such as this one only serve to fuel the imaginations of all the conspiracy theorists .
Sadly , this is n’t a conspiracy .
The House Republicans really are that callous towards the rights of American voters .
Statement from Rep. Holt :
http://www.house.gov/apps/list/press/nj12_holt/041508.html
I ’ve never been a fan of agencies .
Most of the time you spend there is completely wasted , as the consultant you may or may not ever meet scrabbles desperately to find your information .
Most of the time I get the impression that , as glorified HR salespeople , they ’re not up to the job .
Thursday ’s adventure just reaffirmed that impression .
Being in a confident mood and armed with a bag of CVs , I went to five or six agencies to apply for jobs .
Two incidents are particularly memorable :
Reed , a company that literally does n’t want to meet you .
I could only speak to the receptionist , a pretty clueless - acting and slightly posh young woman of about 20 .
“ I noticed a couple of jobs in your window that look interesting and I ’d love to make some applications ”
“ Ooo ..K. Have you got a CV on you ? ”
I hand over my CV , which lists a great number of IT - related skills and experience , and some brief but important details of admin and office tasks .
It ’s pretty fat , to be honest .
“ So you ’re working in admin at the moment ? ”
“ Well , my last job title was ‘ Support Supervisor ’ , and it involved some admin , but mostly I was working on their network upgrade and getting their new software together ”
I see her scrawl the word “ Admin ” above the section on IT training and documentation .
“ So you ’re not working at the moment ? ”
“ Well I ’m temping for Homebase , entering and checking orders , doing reports , you know ”
She writes “ entering bookings , reports ” .
“ I ca n’t sign you up now , because that ’ll take about an hour and none of the consultants are around at the moment , but we can give you a call next week ? ”
Whatever .
All I really expect is to be able to meet with somebody who ’s in touch with people looking for staff .
But before you can even get that far , you have to summarise your skills , experience , and what you can bring to a company into a few sentences , which are briefly noted by a receptionist who clearly could n’t give a damn .
Still , it least I got to meet the receptionist .
Pertemps , just down the road , did n’t even give me that privilege .
A few tempting looking temporary jobs were listed in their window , along the lines of product support and office co-ordinator for various local firms .
A tiny Post - It note stuck to the front door told me to “ press buzzer to right for entry ” .
I looked inside to see the receptionist speak into a microphone :
“ Yes ? ”
“ Uh , hi .
I ’d like to apply for a couple of the jobs in the window ”
“ What job ? ”
“ Well , there ’s one for an office co-ordinator for the local council , I ’ve done that kind of work before ”
“ Do you have experience ? ”
“ Well , yes , several years in fact ”
I ’m still speaking into the intercom .
I ’m being interviewed through a door .
She rummages through some papers on her desk and gets up .
She then opens the letter flap in the door and passes me a business card .
I take it , and see it ’s an old card that ’s been modified with a biro .
Before I can look up ask what to do with it , she ’s back at her desk .
The intercom crackles back to life .
“ You have to send your CV to the address ”
“ No problem .
I have one here , maybe I can show it to a consultant ? ”
“ They ’re busy .
You must email it to the system ”
“ You ’re kidding ? ”
[ Pause ]
“ OK , speak to you soon ”
I stand paralysed on the spot , trying to shake off the suspicion that at some point I ’ve walked through a looking glass , or crossed into a bizarre circle of hell .
I seriously had to go over to a nearby bench , roll a cigarette , and have a sit down to go over what I ’d just experienced .
Make America Think Again ! - Share Pat's Columns ...
If Canada and Mexico do not renegotiate NAFTA , said Hillary Clinton in the Cleveland debate , she would “ opt out ” of the trade treaty that was the legislative altarpiece of Bill Clinton ’s presidency .
Barack agreed .
NAFTA is renegotiated , or NAFTA is gone .
Barack went further .
He has denounced “ open trucking , ” the feature of NAFTA whereby Mexican trucks are to be free to roam the United States and compete with the Teamsters of Jim Hoffa ’s union , which just endorsed him .
The trade issue is back , big - time .
For to blue - collar workers in industrial states like Ohio , NAFTA is a code word for betrayal — a sellout of them and their families to CEOs panting to move production out of the United States to cheap - labor countries like Mexico and China .
Our workers ’ instincts are backed up by stats .
In 2007 , the U.S. trade deficit with Mexico soared 16 percent to $ 73 billion , a record .
Mexico now ships more cars to us now than we ship to the world .
And where did Mexico get an auto industry ?
The U.S. trade deficit with China shot up 10 percent to $ 256 billion , the largest trade deficit ever between any two countries .
Charles MacMillion of MBG Services has run the numbers .
In manufactures , the United States had a trade deficit of $ 499 billion in 2007 , a slight improvement over the $ 526 billion record in 2006 .
Yet that trade deficit in manufactured goods with the world is more than twice as large as our $ 224 billion bill for OPEC ’s oil .
Under Bush , the U.S. trade deficit has doubled .
Three million manufacturing jobs have vanished .
And America has begun to run a trade deficit in advanced technology goods of more than $ 50 billion .
Our trade deficit in advanced technology goods with China is $ 67 billion , eight times what it is with Japan .
“ Free trade is essential to the creation of high - paying quality jobs , ” said Bush on Thursday .
But if exports create jobs ( and they do ) , imports displace them .
And if we import half a trillion dollars more in manufactures than we export , is not Bush trade policy literally slaughtering industrial jobs ?
Is there not a correlation between $ 4.3 trillion in trade deficits under Bush , the 3 million manufacturing jobs lost under Bush , the fall of the dollar by 50 percent against the euro under Bush and the resurgence of inflation , signaled by a quadrupling of the price of gold , under Bush ?
Neither Hillary nor Obama has laid out a new trade - and - tax policy to deal with the de-industrialization of America and our deepening dependency on foreign technology , manufactures and the loans to pay for them .
But at least they are listening to the country .
John McCain seems blind and deaf to the crisis .
In Michigan , he informed autoworkers their “ jobs are not coming back ” and explained his philosophy : “ I ’m a student of history .
Every time the United States has become protectionist … we ’ve paid a very heavy price . ”
This is ahistorical nonsense .
From 1860 to 1913 , the United States was the most protectionist nation on earth and produced the most awesome growth of any nation in history .
In 1860 , the U.S. economy was half of Britain ’s ; in 1913 , more than twice Britain’s .
In 1920 , Warren Harding and Calvin Coolidge won a landslide , cut income taxes from Wilson ’s 69 percent to 25 percent and doubled tariffs .
America went on a tear .
When Coolidge went home in 1929 , the United States was producing 42 percent of the world ’s manufactured goods .
Who were America ’s protectionists ?
Alexander Hamilton and James Madison moved the Tariff Act of 1789 through Congress .
Aided by Henry Clay , John Calhoun , Thomas Jefferson and John Adams , President Madison enacted the Tariff of 1816 to protect U.S. infant industries from British dumping .
Abraham Lincoln used Morrill Tariff revenue to fight the Civil War .
The 11 GOP presidents who followed , from 1865 to 1929 , all protectionists , made America the greatest industrial power in history , with a standard of living never before seen .
Mocking protectionism , McCain is repudiating Republican history and all its achievements up to the era of Dwight Eisenhower and Richard Nixon .
America rose to power behind a Republican tariff wall .
What has free trade wrought ?
Lost sovereignty .
A sinking dollar .
A hollowing out of U.S. manufacturing .
Stagnant wages .
Wives forced into the labor market to maintain the family income .
Mass indebtedness to foreign nations , and a deepening dependency on foreign goods and borrowings to pay for them .
We have sacrificed our country on the altar of this Moloch , the mythical Global Economy .
It took Rip Van Republican 20 years to wake up to the disaster of open borders and five years to realize the folly of igniting wars in which no vital interest was at risk .
How long before the GOP wakes up to the reality that globalism is not conservatism , never was , but is a pillar of Wilsonian liberalism , in whose vineyards our faux conservatives now daily labor .
Ooops ...
Looks like we dropped that one
PRINCETON , NJ -- Congress ' job approval rating has dropped five percentage points over the past month , from 19 % in June to 14 % in July , making the current reading the lowest congressional job approval rating in the 34 - year Gallup Poll history of asking the question .
The previous low was 18 % , last reached in May .
The 75 % currently disapproving of Congress is just shy of the record - high 78 % in March 1992 .
These results , from a July 10 - 13 Gallup Poll , follow 18 months of dismal job approval ratings for Congress , during which approval has usually registered below 30 % , and has averaged only 25 % .
Still , the 14 % approval rating is extraordinary .
Approval of Congress has fallen below 20 % only six times in the 34 years Gallup has measured it .
Including the latest reading , four of those have come in the past year : in July , June , and May 2008 , and in August 2007 .
The two additional readings were from March 1992 ( in the midst of the House bank check - kiting scandal ) and June 1979 ( during an energy crisis that resulted in surging gas prices and long gas lines ) , when either 18 % or 19 % of Americans approved of the job Congress was doing .
The most recent decline comes almost exclusively from Democrats , whose approval of Congress fell from 23 % in June to 11 % in July , while independents ' and Republicans ' views of Congress did not change much .
As a result , Republicans are now slightly more likely than Democrats to approve of the job the Democratic - controlled Congress is doing ( 19 % vs. 11 % ) .
The 11 % of Democrats now approving of Congress is slightly lower than Gallup found in 2006 , toward the end of the Republican - led 109th Congress .
Democratic approval of Congress initially surged after the Democratic takeover of the U.S. House and Senate , from 16 % in December 2006 to 44 % in February 2007 , but by August 2007 it had fallen to 21 % .
Democrats ' approval of Congress rebounded to 37 % later that year , but has since been in a nearly continuous decline .
Republicans ' approval of Congress dipped at the point of transition from Republican to Democratic control after the 2006 midterm elections , from 50 % in November 2006 to 31 % in February 2007 -- and has continued to trend downward except for a brief spike last fall after Gen. Petraeus ' testimony before Congress .
Bottom Line
Gallup 's latest monthly update of public approval of Congress leads to several observations :
As economic conditions in the country are worsening , Congress is taking the brunt of it .
Since the start of the year , public approval of Congress has fallen from 23 % to 14 % , while approval of President George W. Bush has been more stable : 32 % approved of the job he was doing in early January versus 31 % today , with a range of just 28 % to 34 % .
One reason for the growing congressional / Bush approval gap is that Bush benefits from a core group of Republicans nationally who continue to stick by him ( 67 % of whom approve in the latest poll ) , and who , at this point , are likely to remain supportive of him through the close of his term .
This contrasts with the paltry 11 % of Democrats who currently approve of the job Congress is doing .
By its nature , Congress may simply be less able to engender this kind of political loyalty -- it typically trails the sitting president in approval -- and thus , the current Democratic Congress lacks a reliable pool of Democratic support to keep its approval ratings afloat .
Still , the Democratic Congress has received much less intra-party support for its leadership of the kind that the Republican Congress enjoyed from Republicans in 2006 .
The mild honeymoon the current Congress enjoyed with its own party at the start of last year quickly faded as Democrats grew upset with congressional inaction on Iraq and immigration reform Finally , 2008 now looks an awful lot like 1979 , and for some of the same reasons : mounting inflation , record - high gas prices , and a looming recession .
Public approval of President Jimmy Carter in mid-July 1979 was 29 % , very similar to Bush 's current 31 % .
And approval of Congress was also comparable : 19 % in June 1979 vs. 14 % today .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,016 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted July 10 - 13 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
Bad personnel decisions have haunted the Bush Administration , and one of the bigger disappointments is Federal Communications Commission Chairman Kevin Martin .
In his last months as Master of the Media Universe , he seems poised to expand government regulation of the Internet .
The FCC is by all accounts planning this week to uphold a complaint against Comcast , the cable company accused of throttling attempts to trade movies and other high - bandwidth files on its network that slow down Internet service for everyone else .
Comcast ...
Drinking games - Star Wars Drinking Game .
To play the Star Wars Drinking Game , you will need :
The Star Wars Trilogy ( one movie for a short game )
An ample supply of your favorite beverage .
A really good sound system , so the explosions seem to happen all around you .
Kapow ! ( optional )
Begin by inserting your weatherbeaten " Star Wars " videotape into the big slot on your VCR .
Dim the lights for dramatic effect , and play the tape .
The game begins right as " 20th Century Fox " appears on the screen .
Once the game has begun , you watch the movie for the listed events .
Every time one of them occurs , everybody takes a sip of their drink .
Drink when :
Someone has a bad feeling about this .
It 's their only hope .
An entire planet is described as having one climate .
Somebody gets choked .
A woman other than Leia is on screen
An old Jedi starts to ramble about the Force .
( Vader counts . )
Somebody 's hand gets cut off .
A gigantic technological marvel explodes in a single blast .
There is a tremor in the Force .
It 's not someone 's fault
One or more heroes are almost eaten by a Thing
A Jedi is much more powerful than he looks
Someone exclaims " No ! "
Someone does something apparently suicidal that turns out to be a good idea
Twice if it 's not Han
Someone wears the same outfit in all three movies -- it counts if they change at the end
Someone is mind - controled using the Force
People kiss
A good guy wears white or a bad guy wears black
Twice if a bad guy wears white and a good guy wears black ( for uniforms , only the first person on screen counts )
Three times if someone hovering in between wears gray
Every time you find yourself talking to the people on screen
An elaborately made up alien has no lines
Someone or something tries to get money from Han
Some ship crashes into something after being hit .
Someone has a light saber duel ( includes just using light saber )
An Ewok dies , and the camera lingers longer than it did when the Death Star exploded , killing billions of people .
( Fourteen seconds .
Count 'em . )
It is Luke 's destiny .
Luke whines .
Luke discovers a long - lost relative .
Luke fights monsters or savages .
Luke does some nifty acrobatic flip .
Luke teeters on the brink of a chasm .
Luke is upside - down
Luke and Lando are in the same place at the same time
Twice if they speak to each other
Luke 's parentage is Foreshadowed
Luke refuses to take someone 's advice
Luke yells " Artooooo ! "
Leia insults somebody .
Leia wears an outfit that covers everything except her face and hands
Twice if it covers her neck
Three times if she 's almost totally nude
Obi-Wan Kenobi materializes for a guest appearance .
Obi-Wan Kenobi plays detective . ( " ... Only Imperial Stormtroopers are so precise . " )
Han brags about the Millenium Falcon .
Anybody insults the Millenium Falcon .
Something does n't work on the Falcon
Twice if it's the hyperdrive
Yoda uses bad grammar .
Yoda talks like a fortune cookie .
R2 - D2 gets thrashed .
R2 - D2 plugs into the wrong socket and his head spins around .
C - 3PO loses a body part .
( Take two drinks if he is completely dismembered . )
C - 3PO informs us of just how many forms of communication he 's familiar with
A Rebel pilot is of a race other than white
Twice if they 're non human ( co- pilots count )
A Rebel Pilot says " Nice Shot ... "
A Rebel Pilot says " I 've been hit ... "
Tarkin brags about the Death Star .
Game source : Jeremy
Scientists are now carrying out trials of new diets designed to improve cows 's digestion and hopefully reduce global warming .
Silvia Valtorta , of the National Council of Scientific and Technical Investigations , said that by feeding cows clover and alfalfa instead of grain " you can reduce methane emissions by 25 percent " .
Researchers from the University of Warwick , in collaboration with other universities and institutes in Edinburgh , France and Italy , have for the first time been able to show exactly how , when a baby suckles at a mother 's breast , it starts a chain of events that leads to surges of the " trust " hormone oxytocin being released in their mothers brains .
The study , published on 18th July in the journal PLoS Computational Biology , focuses on the role of oxytocin , a very important hormone recently found be involved in the enhancement of " trust " and love in humans and animals .
Oxytocin has long been known to be the trigger that , when released into the blood , causes milk to be let down from the mammary gland .
When oxytocin is released within the brain , it also helps to strengthen the bond between mother and child , but to have these effects , a very large amount must be released abruptly to cause a wave of the hormone that can spread through the brain .
What was not known before this study is exactly how the few thousand neurones , which are specialized to release oxytocin , are marshalled together to produce a sufficiently intense burst of activity to do all of that .
In fact , even when a child is not suckling these neurons are continually producing oxytocin but in small amounts and in a much more uncoordinated way .
Previous studies on individual neurons have found no obvious way of modifying their behaviour to get the coordinated response needed to produce the large , regular pulses of oxytocin that are needed .
Now this University of Warwick led team of experimental neuroscientists and theoreticians have found a likely answer .
The neuroscientists have found that in response to suckling the neurons start releasing oxytocin from their " dendrites " as well as from their nerve endings – this was unexpected because dendrites are usually thought as the part of a neurone which receive , rather than transmit information .
The dendrites usually create a weak network of connections between neurons .
However the researchers have now shown that the release of oxytocin from the dendrites allows a massive increase in communication between the neurons .
This co-ordinates a " swarm " of oxytocin factories , producing massive intense bursts of oxytocin release at intervals of around 5 minutes or so .
The synchronous activation of the few thousand oxytocin producing neurons is an example of " emergent " process .
It develops in just the same way as a flock of birds or insects - closely coordinated action developing without a single leader .
University of Warwick computational biology researcher Professor Jianfeng Feng said :
" We knew that these pulses arise because , during suckling , oxytocin neurons fire together in dramatic synchronized bursts .
But exactly how these bursts arise has been a major problem that has until now eluded explanation .
This research has allowed us to incorporate all the latest research in a large computational model of the whole population of oxytocin cells . "
" In this model we have shown that the dendritic interactions are enhanced enough to trigger a massive positive - feedback on activity .
The model gives us a possible explanation of an important event in the brain that could be used to study and explain many other similar brain activities . "
Source : University of Warwick
Click to viewUpdate : Video of project Pwnage after the jump .
The beta 2.0 firmware that comes with the iPhone SDK has been modified to unlock the iPhone and run any application .
Part of the Pwnage Project , the hacked firmware will allow you to do anything you want , including the installation of both official and unofficial apps , and even patches .
We got the exclusive details directly from the DevTeam , including the fact that it is going to be extremely hard for Cupertino to close this new hole :
pwned firmware means it 's custom [ firmware ] , you can have it install anything you would ever want :-)
Pwned works with some magic , it will be hard to close but nothing is impossible ( from Apple ) with a mindtwist .
But first , we will enjoy :)
Advertisement
They told us that this is all part of their previous Pwnage project , which instead of trying to hack into the iPhone , directly patches the firmware itself to both unlock it , so you can use the iPhone with any carrier you want , and allow you to install any applications you want .
You can see how it works here :
According to the Dev Team , the custom 2.0 firmware ( technically , 1.2.0 , ) is now up and running without problems in many of their iPhones , running unsigned applications without a single problem .
However , current Installer .app applications need to be changed : " they changed lots of the API , a lot .
We will see how much has to be changed to the Toolchain [ the previous development tool for iPhone independent developers ] to still work after 2.0 . "
Advertisement
The best news , however , is this : " the hacked 1.2 firmware works with anything .
AT&T and others , it 's pwned .
And Apple will not really be able to patch it this time ... somehow :-) "
I 'm flabbergasted .
As Han Solo would say , " that 's one in a million , kid ! "
Once again .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
The cool thing here is that Dev Team told us that this is 1 ) a true unlock and 2 ) Apple will have a very difficult time closing this hole .
That 's the news , not just jailbreak — in fact , it 's not even jailbreak in the classic sense .
It 's built - in the hacked firmware , which allows for installation of any application , unsigned or " Apple Approved "
In other words , true carrier and applications independence .
And for a long time .
Note : as you can see , the Dev Team is still working hard in making the iPhone a completely open , carrier - independent platform .
If you want to help them , please send a Paypal donation to iphone.devteam@gmail.com or join them at hackint0sh.org .
A secret meeting of Congress discusses immanent martial law .
March 13 , 2008
On March 13th 2008 there was a secret closed door meeting of The United States House Of Representatives in Washington .
In the history of The United States this is only the fourth time a secret meeting was held by the house .
Even though Representatives are sworn to secrecy by House Rules XVII , some of the members were so shocked , horrified , furious , and concerned about the future of America by what was revealed to them inside the secret meeting , that they have started to leak this secret information to independent news agencies around the world .
The mass media said almost nothing about the secret meeting of the House , mentioning only one of the items being discussed .
( The new surveillance techniques that are going to be used by the U.S. Government to watch all American citizens ) .
The story was first released in a newspaper out of Brisbane , Australia revealing the contents of the secret U.S. Government meeting and plans for America including all of it ’s citizens .
Shortly there after , David J. Meyer from Last Trumpet Ministries found it and made it more available for the world to see .
Here is what was revealed :
The imminent collapse of the U.S. Economy to occur sometime in late 2008
to occur sometime in late 2008 The imminent collapse of the U.S. Government finances sometime in mid 2009
The possibility of Civil War inside the United States as a result of the collapse
The advance round - ups of “ insurgent U.S. Citizens ” likely to move against the government
likely to move against the government
The detention of those rounded up at The REX 84 Camps constructed throughout the United States
constructed throughout the United States
The possibility of public retaliation against members of Congress for the collapses
The location of safe facilities for members of Congress and their families to reside during massive civil unrest
The necessary and unavoidable merger of The U.S. with Canada and Mexico establishing The North American Union
The issuance of a new currency called the AMERO for all three nations as an economic solution .
Except for a few hundred thousand U.S. Patriots , most Americans have no clue what has really been going on within The United States over the past 100 years , and the sad thing is that most do not want to know the truth .
The further you look into the rabbit hole , the deeper it gets .
Go to any currency conversion site and convert U.S. dollars to Euros so you can see for yourself the massive decline of the dollar .
Look at how much money is and has been spent on the Iraq War to date , ( $ 12 billion per month ) .
Look at our currency and when it stopped being backed by gold .
The Federal Reserve is not federal but a private bank who does not have Americans best interests at heart .
We no longer have any manufacturing really based out of America and there is no way that our economy can survive this incredible strain very much longer .
The IRS strong arms every American yearly with income taxes , yet there are no laws saying an income tax is to be paid .
The CIA is involved in everything from global drug trafficking and covert military missions , to assassinations around the world and including U.S. Soil .
Look at JFK for instance .
It did not take long after JFK announced that he was going disband the CIA that he was shot in Texas .
America ’s new StasiThe Department Of Homeland Security is and has been slowly eradicating our rights for a few years now .
based organization called
House Bill H.R. 1955 /S-1959 was read by the senate and then sent to DHS for some reason , but is now back and sure to pass .
Once passed , this bill introduced by Jane Harman ( D / CA ) , will be the proverbial last nail hammered into every American patriots coffin .
H.R. 4279 or the Prioritizing Resources and Organization for Intellectual Property Act of 2008 which was recently passed by the U.S. House of Representatives , will give the government draconian powers to do just this .
This legislation gives the government the power to seize property that facilitates the violation of intellectual property laws .
The legislation also mandates the formation of a formal Intellectual Property Enforcement Division within the office of the Deputy Attorney General to enforce this insanity …
It has been revealed that F.E.M.A. has been building internment camps all over America granting Halliburton a massive $ 385 million dollar construction contract to make this happen .
Most of these sites only need refurbished because they are mostly closed prisons , old WW2 internment camps still intact and other facilities taken over by the government .
Some people have referred to them as F.E.M.A. Death Camps where the infamous Red list / Blue Lists will be used to decide who goes where .
Whether you believe that The NWO / Illuminati / Globalization is real or not , there is a lot of proof that exposes definite plans or plots by the rich , political and religious elite to bring on an era of the end times .
It is almost like some individuals are trying to make bible prophecy come true in their own sick and twisted ways .
Not to mention that the world only has about 10 to 15 years of drinking water left before the wars fought for oil today will be fought for water in the near future .
It has been said that these powers want to depopulate the planet of over 30 % of it ’s human inhabitants in the coming years .
Examine all of the executive orders that have been signed into place allowing the president to basically become dictator in control of all government from tribal to federal in the event of any national emergency .
If you did not know , In late 2006 , Congress revised the Posse Comitatus Act and the Insurrection Act to make it far easier for a president to declare martial law .
Those changes were repealed at the end of this January as part of Public Law 110 - 181 ( HR 4986 ) , the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 ( signed into law by President Bush on January 28 , 2008 ) .
Unfortunately it is not the great victory in which one might think because of the total militarization of all local and State police forces all across America .
Will there be martial law ?
Is martial law coming soon to America ?
When you see law enforcement being armed with automatic weapons , bullet proof vests and riot gear in small towns that have not had a murder or crime in years , then you have to ask yourself why .
The United States has more people locked up in prisons today than Russia and China combined .
It comes out to one in every hundred Americans is behind bars .
Our once great country that our ancestors fought and died for has become exactly the tyrants they were fighting .
Fascists !
When has America ever used words like Homeland ?
Never !
If you spend a few weeks reading all the info , watching the videos and following the links at Dprogram.net , you will then have a better understanding of what has led to ‘ The Decline And Fall Of America ’ .
Remember that Knowledge is power !
Learn , look , listen , read , share , prepare , train , stock up on food and water supply for one year .
Fill your pantry with non perishable foods , medicines , cooking oils , tinned meats and veggies .
Flour , oats dried corn peas , beans and lentils ..
Teach your self how to preserve food for storage .
Check out your local potable / drinking water supplies , non perfumed chlorine bleach is a good sterilizer for water , about 2 teaspoons full per 2 gallon bucket , stirred well and allowed to stand for at least 24 hours with a lid on it or until it no longer smells of bleach .
Boiling water helps but it is not always enough to kill off the bacteria which can resist high temperatures .
Americans have been warned for years of the things to come , but have blindly looked away from the truth , which has been available for all to see .
There are no more excuses not to prepare for the possible future .
The time to act is now before it is too late .
Check Dprogram.net for daily updates and news you wo n’t see in the mainstream media .
Source : B.A. Brooks
http://www.uaff.us
Artificial wombs and experiments on human embryos grown in the lab will be commonplace and no big deal ethically in 30 years , several scientists predict .
They envision a scenario just like test - tube babies , which shocked us 30 years ago but now are fairly routine and acceptable to most people .
That is one of many predictions about the future of assisted reproduction and other baby - related medical advances in a special news report , " Making Babies : The Next 30 Years , " in the July 16 issue of the journal Nature .
Here are some of the report 's other predictions :
Newborns and 100 - year - olds alike could have children .
Infertility will be eradicated .
Labs will be able to generate sperm and eggs for anybody .
Human embryos will be made from sperm and egg cells derived from pluripotent stem cells ( the kind that can develop into any of the body 's cell types ) .
Fetuses will freely float in artificial placentas or uteruses of fluid , with umbilical cords attached to machines .
" Genetic cassettes " will be inserted at the embryonic stage to correct diseases such as Huntington's .
Since embryos will be grown in labs , mutations to embryos could be corrected and improvements could be engineered .
Yet there will be no " designer babies " because no single gene is that predictive of a " perfect " child .
In vitro fertilization ( IVF ) will become as cheap as $ 100 and available for women in developing countries and those who are socially shunned or harmed because they are infertile .
Even if there is widespread availability of IVF , it is unclear if people will choose it over the conventional approach — sex , said Susannah Baruch , director of reproductive genetics at the Genetics and Public Policy Center at Johns Hopkins University in Washington D.C .
" The old - fashioned way is cheaper and more fun and that wo n't change in 30 years , " she told Nature .
Other experts interviewed by Helen Pearson for the report include Davor Solter , developmental biologist at the Institute of Medical Biology in Singapore , Alan Trounson , an IVF pioneer and director of the California Institute for Regenerative Medicine , Alastair Sutcliffe , a pediatrician who studies the health of children after IVF at University College London , Scott Gelfand , director of the Ethics Center at Oklahoma State University , Miodrag Stojkovic , stem - cell biologist at the Prince Philip Centre of Investigation in Spain , Zev Rosenwaks , director of the Center for Reproductive Medicine and Infertility in New York , and Regine Sitruk - Ware , reproductive endocrinologist and executive director of research and development at the Population Council in New York .
Feuerbach , Ludwig Andreas ( 1804 –72 )
Ludwig Feuerbach , one of the critical Young Hegelian intellectuals of the nineteenth century , has become famous for his radical critique of religious belief .
In Das Wesen des Christentums ( Essence of Christianity ) ( 1841 ) he develops the idea that God does not exist in reality but as a human projection only , and that the Christian principles of love and solidarity should be applied directly to fellow humans rather than being regarded as an indirect reflection of God ’s love .
In religion , the believer ‘ projects his being into objectivity , and then again makes himself an object of an object , another being than himself ’ .
Religious orientation is an illusion and is unhealthy , as it deprives and alienates the believer from true autonomy , virtue and community , ‘ for even love , in itself the deepest , truest emotion , becomes by means of religiousness merely ostensible , illusory , since religious love gives itself to man only for God ’s sake , so that it is given only in appearance to man , but in reality to God ’ ( Feuerbach 1841 : 44 , 48 ) .
In Grundsätze der Philosophie der Zukunft ( Principles of the Philosophy of the Future ) ( 1843 ) he extends his criticism to all forms of metaphysics and religion : ‘ True Dialectics is not the Monologue of the sole Thinker , rather the Dialogue between I and Thou’ , he writes in paragraph 62 ( 1846–66 II : 345 ) , criticizing in particular his former teacher Hegel .
The philosophy of the future has to be both sensual and communal , equally based on theory and practice and among individuals .
In an anonymous encyclopedia article ( 1847 ) he defines his position : ‘ the principle from which Feuerbach derives everything and towards which he targets everything is “ the human being on the ground and foundation of nature ” ’ , a principle which ‘ bases truth on sensuous experience and thus replaces previous particular and abstract philosophical and religious principles ’ ( 1964 – III : 331 ) .
Feuerbach ’s sensualism and communalism had great influence on the young Karl Marx ’s development of an anthropological humanism , and on his contemporaries in providing a cultural and moral system of reference for humanism outside of religious orientation and rationalistic psychology .
In the twentieth century , Feuerbach influenced existential theology ( Martin Buber , Karl Barth ) as well as existentialist and phenomenological thought .
1 Philosophy of the I and the Thou
Born in Landshut , son of the legal scholar and Bavarian diplomat Anselm von Feuerbach , Ludwig Andreas Feuerbach studied theology with Karl Daub in Heidelberg and philosophy with Hegel in Berlin .
He became lecturer in philosophy at the Bavarian university of Erlangen in 1829 , but retired into private life after his marriage in 1837 .
His later years were without much communication and social activities ; he died a poor and sick man in Rechenberg , near Nuremberg .
The interaction between the individual and the worlds of facts and thought , and the interrelatedness of individuals , were the central topics in Feuerbach ’s thinking .
His dissertation
De infinitate , unitate atque communitate rationis ( On the Infinity , Unity and Universality of Reason ) ( 1828 ) concerns the relationship between the individual and the general , the subjective and the objective ; here his answer is that panlogic rationality is the universal individual as well as the general mode of essence and existence .
Two years later he published his fiercest critique of Christian belief in immortality and eternal life after death in Gedanken über Tod und Unsterblichkeit ( Thoughts on Death and Immortality ) ( 1830 ) .
Here he holds that the mystical experience of sensual love and interpersonal community has infinity and eternity in itself , and that the neglect of this world and its riches in favour of the anticipated eternal world to come causes unhappiness and great discontent .
Both studies mark two different attempts at a non-religious , humanistic transformation of traditional mystical insights concerning the unity of object and subject into , first , panlogical rationalism and , second , sensualistic realism .
The publication of the critique of immortality , even though it appeared anonymously , made it impossible for Feuerbach to get a permanent salaried position as professor of philosophy in Christian Bavaria ; he quit his teaching post after nine years of only moderately successful academic teaching at the University of Erlangen .
Feuerbach ’s existentialist concept of philosophy is explicated in Abelard and Heloise ( 1834 ) and Pierre Bayle ( 1838 ) , as well as in his selected studies on Spinoza and Leibniz .
In Grundsätze der Philosophie der Zukunft ( Principles of the Philosophy of Future ) ( 1843 ) he asserts that the philosophy of the future is ‘ the complete , coherent , and absolute resolution of theology into anthropology ’ , into the ‘ unity of the I and the Thou ’ : ‘ The essence of man is contained only in community , in the unity of man with man – a unity which however is founded only in the reality of the differences between I and Thou ’ .
Thus , the new philosophy ‘ replaces religion … contains the essence of religion … truly is religion ’ .
Epistemologically , reality resides in human rational and sensuous perception , in the rational , sensuous and passionate nature of man ; ‘ Truth , reality , and sensation are identical .
Only the sensuous being is a true and real being ’ ( Feuerbach 1846–66 II : 344 , 346 ) .
In critically reconstructing the history of religious systems of reference , Feuerbach finds in references to God the believers ’ complex reference to themselves .
Thus his method of critical reconstruction of previous systems of reference and self - reference reveals , as Wartofsky ( 1977 ) observes , a mode of self - revelation and self - articulation which represents the essential pattern of human consciousness and self - understanding , a consequent application of the existentialist interpretation of Hegel ’s Phenomenology of Spirit in Feuerbach ’s anthropological interpretation : ‘ the true critique lies in the development itself ’ .
This unorthodox approach to traditional metaphysics and anthropology influenced twentieth - century theologians and philosophers such as Martin Buber , Karl Barth , Karl Loewith , Henri Arvon and Louis Althusser .
Feuerbach ’s influence on the young Marx also played an important role in the post - Leninist interpretation of the humanism of the young Marx as an alternative to Marxism - Leninism and Stalinist interpretation of political economy .
In his last period in Über Spiritualismus und Materialismus ( On Spiritualism and Materialism ) ( 1866 ) Feuerbach developed an eudaimonistic and utilitarian ethics on the basis of the I– Thou anthropology , and a critique of perverted forms of seeking happiness and community in religion : ‘ Good is the acceptance , bad the rejection of the drive to happiness .
Happiness , but not reduced into one single person , rather disseminated among different persons , I and Thou integrating , therefore not one - sided but dual - sided and all - sided , is the principle of morality ’ .
Sexual happiness is his paradigm for ‘ the human drive to happiness , which can only be fulfilled in and through the happiness of the other ’ ( Feuerbach 1846–66 X : 62 ) .
The individual moral conscience thus works on the basis of reciprocity in assessing moral norms and attitudes :
‘ The conscience is nothing else than the I which looks at things from the perspective of the vulnerable
Thou , nothing else than the proxy for the happiness of the other on the basis and on the calling of one ’s own happiness ’
( Feuerbach 1846–66 X : 65 ) .
2 Critique of religion
Feuerbach ’s humanist approach prevented his philosophy of religion from merely rejecting religion as unrealistic and unfounded .
On the contrary , he believed that religion contains the dreams and visions of individuals and cultures in an indirect way , a human product of self - transcending and visualizing oneself and humanity in ideal terms , not a divine inspiration : religion is the ‘ knowledge of the infinite , it is therefore and can be nothing else than the consciousness which man has of his own – not finite and limited – but infinite nature ’ ( Feuerbach 1846–66 VII : 26 ) .
Feuerbach therefore rejects the notion that he is a promoter of atheism ; he calls himself ‘ a natural philosopher in the domain of the mind ’ , an ‘ anthropocentric ’ thinker : ‘ the mystery of theology is anthropology , that of the divine being the human being ’ ( Feuerbach 1846–66 V : xiv–xv ) .
This was exactly the interpretation of religion used by Hegel to interpret Greek and Roman mythology and religion as centred around the human world and simply transposing human characters , virtues and vices into the gods and goddesses .
While Hegel ’s main interest in the philosophy of religion was dialectically and speculatively to harmonize Christian tradition with speculative idealism , for Feuerbach all religious references are models of ‘ alienation ’ of man from himself , as God is nothing else but the artificially created outside nature of man ’s own inside nature ( see Alienation § 2 ) .
Feuerbach rejects religion to the extent that it separates God and humans , and deprives humans of their best by making them a part of the divine ; but he accepts religion to the extent that it recognizes divine powers and challenges which are genuinely human .
Feuerbach originally intended to entitle Das Wesen des Christentums ( Essence of Christianity ) ( 1841 ) as ‘ Critique of Pure Unreason ’ in order to set it alongside Kant ’s Critique of Pure Reason ; and indeed the composition of his book mirrors that of Kant .
Its first part characterizes religion as a human product and its positive content ( that is , the ‘ true and anthropological essence of religion ’ which understands God as ‘ love ’ in the New Testament or as ‘ a moral being or law ’ in the Old Testament ) , just as Kant in the first part of the Critique of Pure Reason develops the positive capacities of epistemology in his transcendental analytics and aesthetics .
The second part deconstructs religious speculation and metaphysics as being unrealistic and inhuman ( that is , ‘ the false or theological essence of religion ’ ) , just as Kant destroys the arguments for metaphysics and the existence of God independently of human projection and existence ( see Kant , I . § 8 ) .
Thus , in making Christian monotheism his predominant object of critique , he presents an anthropological reduction of what in Hegel ’s interpretation still had the form of speculative transcendentalism .
The human being is not a bearer of reason , subordinated to as well as participating in the ‘ idea ’ , but a natural being existing in relationship with others .
The revised second edition ( 1843 ) moves away from the dominance of the ‘ species being ’ model of human religious projection and alienation , which was still strongly influenced by Hegel , towards a more naturalistic sensualistic approach under the influence of reading Luther .
Later , in a short essay on the nature of religion , Das Wesen der Religion ( Essence of Religion ) ( 1845 ) , Feuerbach additionally identifies angst and fear of unknown natural elements as the prime sources of religious projection .
This generalizes his earlier theory into the explanation of religion as a response to social as well as natural environmental challenges based in feelings of dependence of and exposure to nature : ‘ man ’s original dependence and the feelings of dependency relates to nothing else than nature ’ ; therefore , ‘” spirit ” is nothing other than a general term to name essences , things , utensils which man is confronted with and which are different to his own products , he also uses the collective term “ nature ” ’ ( Feuerbach 1964 – X : 4 ) .
In his widely read Vorlesungen über das Wesen der Religion ( Lectures on the Essence of Religion ) ( 1851 ) , originally delivered publicly in the revolutionary year 1848 on the invitation of students and citizens of Heidelberg , Feuerbach describes the cultural and social implications and consequences of religion and belief .
Here , as in the Essence of Religion , the true object of religion and religious self - articulation or alienation is not primarily the individual and the social environment , but nature all - encompassing , the sum of powers and forces on which the individual feels absolutely dependent while simultaneously seeking freedom and self - determination .
His final exercise in promoting the thesis that ‘ man created God ’ is the voluminous book Der Ursprung der Götter nach den Quellen des classischen , hebräischen und christlichen Altertums ( Theogony following the Sources of the Classical , Hebrew , and Christian Past ) , written between 1852 and 1857 , with an even greater arsenal of quotes and references from a broad variety of religious literature .
Different forms of religion demonstrate different attitudes of humans towards themselves and towards nature .
While polytheism expresses the subordination of man under a multitude of external powers in nature , monotheism suppresses those many forces and powers in nature under one single rule or ruler , indirectly under man , who has created this divine supreme power after his own human image .
It is this analytical and educational drive to ‘ transform friends of God into friends of man , believers into thinkers , devotees of prayer into devotees of work , candidates for the hereafter into students of this world ’ and the I - and - Thou which became instrumental in shaping modern existentialist theology , both Jewish ( Martin Buber ) and Protestant ( Karl Barth ) .
Despite being religious believers , Buber and Barth were nevertheless struck by Feuerbach ’s suggestion that all previous forms of theology and dogmatics , including Hegel ’s philosophy of religion , were nothing other than ‘ esoteric psychology ’ , and they themselves became critics of religious fundamentalism .
Most of Feuerbach ’s theological critics agree that the importance of religion as a mode of reference to oneself , to others and to the social and natural world rarely has been grasped as comprehensively as it was by Feuerbach .
3 Individual emancipation versus political revolution
Feuerbach refused to accompany Marx , Ruge and other political revolutionaries and liberals into the course of direct political argumentation and action .
He held that the time was not yet right for a political revolution because individual emancipation and the development of a culture of self - determination had not run its course in Germany .
Therefore he chose the emancipatory and educative approach , analysing and criticizing traditional models of orientation in religion , philosophy and ideology in order to promote political change by promoting self - understanding and self - determination based on the principles of enlightenment .
Contrasting his method to that of socialist political action , he compares his philosophical methodology to the methods of medical diagnosis , prognosis and therapy : ‘ I have , determined by internal and external factors , decided to assess the diseases of the head and of the heart of mankind ’ .
Feuerbach ’s belief that the grounds for a true revolution lay in the liberation of human sensuousness and feeling in interpersonal relations , not primarily in the externalities of political life , had an enormous influence on the more radical former disciples of Hegel , the Young Hegelians Bruno Bauer , Karl Marx , Friedrich Engels , and Max Stirner .
Instead of becoming a member of the 1848 revolutionary parliament in Frankfurt , he chose to lecture publicly in Heidelberg where he declared religion to be closely related to politics , emphasizing that his lectures were focused on practical rather than theoretical politics .
He maintained that ‘ individualism in practical consequence is socialism , but not in the sense of French individualism ’ ; for him ‘ the dissolution of theology into anthropology in the realm of thinking is the dissolution of the monarchy into the republic in the realm of practice , of life … .
Imagination is the power of religion and imagination is the power of the monarchy .
Only so long will monarchs rule over humans as humans will be ruled by imagination .
Despots rule only where phantasies rule ’ ( Feuerbach 1846–66 VIII : 460 ) .
It has been stressed in the literature ( Arvon 1964 ; Cabada 1975 ; Kamenka 1970 ; Sass 1972 ) that Feuerbach is not merely a transitional figure towards Marx and Marxism - Leninism , but an alternative to the concept of political revolution and party elites .
Thus Feuerbach gave his own meaning to the term ‘ communist ’ , in direct opposition to that employed by Marx and the socialist movement , when answering Max Stirner ’s question ‘ where does Feuerbach stand ? ’ : ‘ neither a materialist , nor an idealist , nor an identity philosopher is Feuerbach .
So , what is he ?
He is in thought what he is in his deeds , in spirit what he is in flesh , in essence what he is in his senses – human being [ mensch ] ; for Feuerbach only sees the essence of man in community : communal being , communist ’ ( Feuerbach 1846–66 V : 359 ) .
In his Grundsätze der Philosophie der Zukunft ( Principles of the Philosophy of the Future ) ( 1843 ) Feuerbach uses the image of the ellipse having two focal points , as compared to the circle having only one centre , to compare the purely intellectual philosophy of Hegel and other schools of rationalism and metaphysics with his own approach of ‘ head and heart ’ , rationality and sensuality , as the two commanding principles for theory and practice ( Feuerbach 1846–66 II : 344 ) .
Marx took this image of the two centres of the ellipse from Feuerbach in 1844 in order to identify philosophy and proletariat as ‘ head and heart ’ of the emancipatorial process of history , this time in terms of political revolution , not educational and critical evolutionary emancipation as Feuerbach had done .
When you have to work with directories and files , there ’s a very common pattern : copying a directory into another , but filtering out a few files and directories .
For instance , if you want to copy a directory that contains source code , you will probably remove .pyc files and .svn directories if you work with Subversion .
In that case , shutil .
copytree cannot be used , so os .
walk is the usual way to go ( rough example ) :
import os from os . path import join , splitext , split , exists from shutil import copyfile def copy_directory ( source , target ) : if not os.path.exists ( target ) : os.mkdir( target ) for root , dirs , files in os.walk ( source ) : if '.svn ' in dirs : dirs.remove ( '. svn ' ) # do n't visit .svn directories for file in files : if splitext ( file ) [ - 1 ] in ( '.pyc ' , '. pyo ' , '.fs ' ) : continue from_ = join ( root , file ) to_ = from_.replace ( source , target , 1 ) to_directory = split ( to_ ) [ 0 ] if not exists ( to_directory ) : os.makedirs ( to_directory ) copyfile ( from_ , to_ )
This is a lot of boiler - plate code , so I usually create a small function that accepts more arguments to filter out files and directory .
But Python should provide this pattern in the standard library .
I have proposed a patch for shutil .
copytree , to integrate filtering capability .
It has been reviewed and commited in the trunk this week , so we will have it in Python 2.6 .
Now copytree comes with an ignore argument that has to be a callable .
If given it will be called on each visited directory to decide what is copied and what is not .
There ’s a default callable in shutil called ignore_patterns , that can be used to filter out files with glob - style patterns .
I have added this example to Python doc :
from shutil import copytree , ignore_patterns copytree ( source , destination , ignore = ignore_patterns ( '*.pyc ' , ' tmp * ' ) )
Pretty straight forward ! 😀
More info and examples here : http://docs.python.org/dev/library/shutil.html#shutil.copytree
SEALS in the open ocean may be able to navigate by the stars .
Whales , sea lions and seals exhibit a behaviour called spyhopping , where they stick their heads out of the water , apparently surveying their surroundings .
This led some biologists to suspect that these mammals might use the stars for navigation .
Björn Mauck of the University of Southern Denmark in Odense and colleagues used a specially built pool planetarium to test two harbour seals on their ability to recognise and orient themselves by the stars .
The 5 - metre round pool was covered by a dome onto which was projected a simulation …
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet
Tuesday , July 15 , 2008
Former Governor Jesse Ventura slammed the weak dollar policy as part of a war being waged on the middle class in America by the U.S. government as the greenback collapsed to an all time record low against the euro today .
Ventura made the comments before his appearance on Larry King Live last night , during which he announced he would not be running for the U.S. Senate .
“ The dollar has fallen through the floor , there ’s half a dozen countries now that have a higher value and more than that than us , ” Ventura told The Alex Jones Show .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
The former Minnesota Governor identified two key factors behind dollar devaluation – the war in Iraq and the ballooning national debt .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“ It ’s the exact two things that I ’ve been harping on for the last 2 months and a half … . we must do something about the $ 9 trillion dollars plus of debt we owe throughout the world , ” said Ventura , adding that most people in America were unconcerned about the greenback ’s spectacular plummet .
Asked why the establishment were not going to reverse the destruction of the dollar , Ventura responded , “ Because I do n’t think they really care , they ’re making their money and they ’re in their position . ”
“ To me it ’s clear there is a war on the middle class in America today being waged by our own government – they ’re out to destroy what was the American dream and the American dream was the middle class , we were the country where you could get a job and you could support your family …. that ’s being extinguished greatly today and it seems our illustrious elected officials do n’t have a problem with it , ” said Ventura .
The dollar fell to an all time record low against the euro today on the back of mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac being bailed out by the U.S. government .
The dollar declined to $ 1.6038 per euro , the lowest since the euro ’s inception in 1999 , and was at $ 1.6004 as of 11:13 a.m. in London , from $ 1.5908 in New York yesterday .
The greenback also hit a 25 - year low versus the Australian dollar .
Watch the full interview with Jesse Ventura below .
This article was posted : Tuesday , July 15 , 2008 at 4:30 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Listen .
This news story ( which I meant to blog about two years ago ) is the sound of cultural suicide happening …
A bricklayer who passed a toddler walking alone in a village shortly before her fatal fall into a pond said yesterday he did not stop to help in case people thought he was trying to abduct her .
Ideas have consequences .
Toxic ideas have toxic consequences .
Feminism ’s toxic idea that all men are barely restrained sexual predators killed that little girl .
This probably was n’t the first time it happened , and almost certainly wo n’t be the last .
I think this is worth blogging about , even two years after the fact , because it ’s another indicator of a huge and horrible thing that Western culture has been doing to men for most of my lifetime .
Men are designed to protect women and children , specialized for it ; in a very basic biological sense it ’s what we ’re for .
But the modern
West bombards men with the message that their specialty is n’t needed , is n’t wanted , and that they ’re assumed to want to prey on and abuse women and children .
Is it any wonder , then , that young men are increasingly opting out of college , that the percentage of adult males never married is also rising , and that in the 21st century many men seem to want to opt out of responsibility altogether ?
When our instititions equate feminization with virtue and masculinity with evil , this is exactly the outcome we should expect .
And it kills children .
It kills children .
If I were a praying sort , I ’d pray that Scottish bricklayer ’s warning cry has not come too late .
VANCOUVER , British Columbia ( Reuters ) - Another severed human foot has been discovered washed ashore on Canada ’s Pacific coast , but police are no closer to solving the gruesome mystery .
The foot , still wearing a shoe , was discovered on Thursday on a small uninhabited island south of Vancouver in the Strait of Georgia , and is the fourth discovered in the region in the past 10 months .
The previous cases all involved right feet still in sneakers , and each was found on a different island .
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police have not said if the latest discovery was a right or left foot .
DNA testing has failed to link the earlier discoveries to any missing person cases .
Here at Mascus , we specialise in agricultural machinery sales and the trade of used vehicles .
With our help , we can make the process as easy as possible , due to our large range of high quality vehicles from a number of leading brands .
How can I find used agricultural machines ?
Finding the agricultural machinery you require through Mascus is an effortless and convenient process .
There is a useful search engine on the Used Agricultural Machines page where you can browse farm machinery for sale .
With its assistance , you can search for different used agricultural machinery through selecting a brand name , price range , model type and dealers ' location .
After selecting your choice , the next step is to contact the sellers of the farm machines directly either via telephone or email ( details listed on site ) .
All our used farm machinery for sale on the Mascus website is owned by independent dealers .
The relationships with all of our dealers are strong , so they would be happy to know you found their used farm machinery through Mascus .
What can I do if I can’t find the used agricultural machine that I want to buy ?
Once in a while you may not be able to find the farm equipment for sale you desire .
Often when this happens , it will usually be due to lack of relevant ads available at that present time .
In this situation , we advise you to use our free of charge “ Want Ad ” service .
By sending a “ Want Ad ” your enquiry will be distributed to various used agricultural machinery dealers who list similar products on Mascus .
Can I finance my used farm machinery purchase ?
To finance any purchase of used farm machinery , you can use the online form placed under each ad to inform us that you need either financial help or a transportation service for a machine .
How does Mascus ensure your used agricultural machinery is purchased easily and safely ?
To find out more information on our Mascus safety procedures for our used farm equipment , see our recommendations for handling heavy equipment safely .
How can I sell used agricultural machinery on Mascus ?
Individuals , as well as companies , may easily place their used farm machinery for sale on Mascus .
Before you decide to create an agricultural machinery ad , please read our terms and conditions section .
Sign up for local and global trade , enabling more leads from our 3,000,000 active Mascus buyers each year .
We also offer special packages available for dealers of second hand farm machinery .
If you any have more questions or require any guidance , please contact any member of the Mascus UK team .
How to registerRegistration on Mascus is free of charge and gives you the opportunity to use other additional features .
You can browse through all of our farm equipment for sale , add specific used farm equipment to your favourit and compare used agricultural machinery effortlessly .
The Hydrogen Hoax
Robert Zubrin
“ Yes my friends , I believe that water will one day be employed as fuel , that hydrogen and oxygen which constitute it , used singly or together , will furnish an inexhaustible source of heat and light , of an intensity of which coal is not capable ....
When the deposits of coal are exhausted we shall heat and warm ourselves with water .
Water will be the coal of the future . ” — Jules Verne , The Mysterious Island ( 1874 -5 )
Nearly everyone in American politics believes we face an energy crisis , and nearly everyone believes we need a technological solution that will make America “ energy independent . ”
Americans are , as President Bush put it in his 2006 State of the Union address , “ addicted to oil , ” and in this case our addiction is enriching and empowering those who seek to destroy us .
We are funding , if indirectly , the madrassahs that teach vile hatred of Western civilization and the backward cultures that create death - seeking soldiers for Islam .
We are , if unwittingly , arming those who wish to kill us .
To cure this self - destructive addiction , the Bush administration has placed a major bet on the so - called “ hydrogen economy , ” both in policy and in rhetoric .
Former Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham laid out this vision , in rhapsodic language , in 2002 :
Hydrogen can fuel much more than cars and light trucks , our area of interest .
It can also fuel ships , airplanes , and trains .
It can be used to generate electricity , for heating , and as a fuel for industrial processes .
We envision a future economy in which hydrogen is America ’s clean energy choice — flexible , affordable , safe , domestically produced , used in all sectors of the economy , and in all regions of the country ....
Imagine a world running on hydrogen later in this century : Environmental pollution will no longer be a concern .
Every nation will have all the energy it needs available within its borders .
Personal transportation will be cheaper to operate and easier to maintain .
Economic , financial , and intellectual resources devoted today to acquiring adequate energy resources and to handling environmental issues will be turned to other productive tasks for the benefit of the people .
Life will get better .
In 2003 , President Bush reaffirmed this vision , offering a presidential primer on the scientific , economic , and foreign - policy dimensions of hydrogen power :
The sources of hydrogen are abundant .
The more you have of something relative to demand for that , the cheaper it ’s going to be , the less expensive it ’ll be for the consumer ....
Hydrogen power is also clean to use .
Cars that will run on hydrogen fuel produce only water , not exhaust fumes ....
One of the greatest results of using hydrogen power , of course , will be energy independence for this nation ....
If we develop hydrogen power to its full potential , we can reduce our demand for oil by over 11 million barrels per day by the year 2040 .
It certainly sounds great .
Hydrogen , after all , is “ the most common element in the universe , ” as Secretary Abraham pointed out .
Since it is so plentiful , surely President Bush must be right when he promises it will be cheap .
And when you use it , the waste product will be nothing but water — “ environmental pollution will no longer be a concern . ”
Hydrogen will be abundant , cheap , and clean .
Why settle for anything less ?
Unfortunately , it ’s all pure bunk .
To get serious about energy policy , America needs to abandon , once and for all , the false promise of the hydrogen age .
The New Energy Charlatans
The idea of hydrogen as the fuel of the future dates back to Jules Verne , and by the 1930s was a staple of science fiction .
With the advent of nuclear energy after World War II , technologists expected that atomic power would provide electricity “ too cheap to meter ” — electricity that could be used to produce pure hydrogen at low cost , which could then be used as a fuel .
By the 1970s , however , it was apparent that nuclear energy , while potentially competitive with conventional power , did not usher in a new golden age of cheap electricity .
Still , researchers devoted to the idea of the “ hydrogen economy ” soldiered on , and with increased public concern about carbon dioxide emissions in the 1990s and about America ’s dependence on foreign oil after 9/11 , the pro-hydrogen crowd seized a new opportunity to make their pitch .
Incredibly , the Bush administration swallowed it , hook , line , and sinker .
As a result , over the past six years , billions of dollars have been dished out to national labs , auto companies , fuel - cell firms , and other beneficiaries of government largesse on hydrogen show projects that have no practical application .
The problem with this expenditure is not simply the waste ; the government throws away vaster sums on any number of other useless programs all the time .
Rather , the real issue is that the myth of the hydrogen economy has masked the administration ’s total failure to address the nation ’s vulnerability to energy blackmail .
In consequence , despite the obvious relationship between oil dependence and the war with Islamist terrorism , no competent policy for achieving energy security has been put forth .
If we are to achieve any progress on this most critical issue , the myth of the hydrogen economy needs to be debunked .
It is bad science , bad economics , and bad public policy .
The Real Science of Hydrogen
Hydrogen is only a source of energy if it can be taken in its pure form and reacted with another chemical , such as oxygen .
But all the hydrogen on Earth , except that in hydrocarbons , has already been oxidized , so none of it is available as fuel .
If you want to get plentiful unbound hydrogen , the closest place it can be found is on the surface of the Sun ; mining this hydrogen supply would be quite a trick .
After the Sun , the next closest source of free hydrogen would be the atmosphere of Jupiter .
Jupiter is surrounded by radiation belts so intense that they are deadly to humans and electronics .
It also has a massive gravity field that would severely impair hydrogen export operations .
These would also be complicated by the 2.5 - year Jupiter - to - Earth flight transit time ( during which any liquid hydrogen launched would probably boil away ) , and the fact that upon re-entry at Earth , the imagined hydrogen shipping capsule would face heat loads about eight times higher than those withstood by a space shuttle returning from orbit .
So if we put aside the spectacularly improbable prospect of fueling our planet with extraterrestrial hydrogen imports , the only way to get free hydrogen on Earth is to make it .
The trouble is that making hydrogen requires more energy than the hydrogen so produced can provide .
Hydrogen , therefore , is not a source of energy .
It simply is a carrier of energy .
And it is , as we shall see , an extremely poor one .
The spokesmen for the hydrogen hoax claim that hydrogen will be manufactured from water via electrolysis .
It is certainly possible to make hydrogen this way , but it is very expensive — so much so , that only four percent of all hydrogen currently produced in the United States is produced in this manner .
The rest is made by breaking down hydrocarbons , through processes like pyrolysis of natural gas or steam reforming of coal .
Neither type of hydrogen is even remotely economical as fuel .
The wholesale cost of commercial grade liquid hydrogen ( made the cheap way , from hydrocarbons ) shipped to large customers in the United States is about $ 6 per kilogram .
High purity hydrogen made from electrolysis for scientific applications costs considerably more .
Dispensed in compressed gas cylinders to retail customers , the current price of commercial grade hydrogen is about $ 100 per kilogram .
For comparison , a kilogram of hydrogen contains about the same amount of energy as a gallon of gasoline .
This means that even if hydrogen cars were available and hydrogen stations existed to fuel them , no one with the power to choose otherwise would ever buy such vehicles .
This fact alone makes the hydrogen economy a non-starter in a free society .
And even if you are among those willing to sacrifice freedom and economic rationality for the sake of the environment , and therefore prefer hydrogen for its advertised benefit of reduced carbon dioxide emissions , think again .
Because hydrogen is actually made by reforming hydrocarbons , its use as fuel would not reduce greenhouse gas emissions at all .
In fact , it would greatly increase them .
To see this , let us consider an example .
Let ’s say you wanted to produce hydrogen .
You choose to do it via steam reformation of natural gas , the most common technique used commercially today .
The reaction is :
CH 4 + 2H 2 O => CO 2 + 4H 2 ΔH = +59 kcal / mole ( 1 )
As the positive enthalpy change indicates , the reaction is endothermic ( that is , heat - absorbing ) and will need an outside source of energy to drive it forward .
This can be obtained by burning some methane , which releases 205 kcal / mole , via the following reaction :
CH 4 + 2O 2 => CO 2 + 2H 2 O ΔH = 205 kcal / mole ( 2 )
Assuming an optimistic 72 percent efficiency in using the combustion energy to drive the steam reformation , this would allow us to reform 2.5 moles of methane for every one that we burn ( or 5 for every 2 ) .
So if we take five units of reaction ( 1 ) and add it to two units of reaction ( 2 ) , the net reaction becomes :
7CH 4 + 4O 2 + 10H 2 O => 7CO 2 + 4H 2 O + 20H 2 ( 3 )
As far as usable fuel is concerned , what we have managed to do is trade seven moles of methane for twenty moles of hydrogen .
Seven moles of carbon dioxide have also been produced , exactly as many as would have been produced had we simply used the methane itself as fuel .
The seven moles of methane that we used up , however , would have been worth 1435 kilocalories of energy if used directly , while the twenty moles of hydrogen we have produced in exchange for all our trouble are only worth 1320 kilocalories .
So for the same amount of carbon dioxide released , less useful energy has been produced .
The situation is much worse than this , however , because before the hydrogen can be transported anywhere , it needs to be either compressed or liquefied .
To liquefy it , it must be refrigerated down to a temperature of 20 K ( 20 degrees above absolute zero , or - 253 degrees Celsius ) .
At these temperatures , the fundamental laws of thermodynamics make refrigerators extremely inefficient .
As a result , about 40 percent of the energy in the hydrogen must be spent to liquefy it .
This reduces the actual net energy content of our product fuel to 792 kilocalories .
In addition , because it is a cryogenic liquid , still more energy could be expected to be lost as the hydrogen boils away during transport and storage .
As an alternative , one could use high pressure pumps to compress the hydrogen as gas instead of liquefying it for transport .
This would only require wasting about 20 percent of the energy in the hydrogen .
The problem is that safety - approved , steel compressed - gas tanks capable of storing hydrogen at 5,000 psi weigh approximately 65 times as much as the hydrogen they can contain .
So to transport 200 kilograms of compressed hydrogen , roughly equal in energy content to just 200 gallons of gasoline , would require a truck capable of hauling a 13 - ton load .
Think about that : an entire large truckload delivery would be needed simply to transport enough hydrogen to allow ten people to fill up their cars with the energy equivalent of 20 gallons of gasoline each .
Instead of steel tanks , one could propose using ( very expensive ) lightweight carbon fiber overwrapped tanks , which only weigh about ten times as much as the hydrogen they contain .
This would improve the transport weight ratio by a factor of six .
Thus , instead of a 13 - ton truck , a mere two - ton truckload would be required to supply enough hydrogen to allow a service station to provide fuel for ten customers .
This is still hopeless economically , and could probably not be allowed in any case , since carbon fiber tanks have low crash resistance , making such compressed hydrogen transport trucks deadly bombs on the highway .
In principle , a system of pipelines could , at enormous cost , be built for transporting gaseous hydrogen .
Yet because hydrogen is so diffuse , with less than one - third the energy content per unit volume as natural gas , these pipes would have to be very big , and large amounts of energy would be required to move the gas along the line .
Another problem with this scheme is that the small hydrogen molecules are brilliant escape artists .
Hydrogen can not only penetrate readily through the most minutely flawed seal , it can actually diffuse right through solid steel itself .
The vast surface area offered by a system of hydrogen pipelines would thus afford ample opportunity for much of the hydrogen to leak away during transport .
As hydrogen diffuses into metals , it also embrittles them , causing deterioration of pipelines , valves , fittings , and storage tanks used throughout the entire distribution system .
These would all have to be constantly monitored and regularly inspected , tested , and replaced .
Otherwise the distribution system would become a continuous source of catastrophes .
Given these technical difficulties , the implementation of an economically viable method of retail hydrogen distribution from large - scale central production factories is essentially impossible .
Because of this , an alternative concept has been proposed wherein methane or methanol fuel would be transported by pipeline or truck , and then steam - reformed into hydrogen at the filling station itself .
This would eliminate most of the cost of hydrogen transport , but would increase the cost of the hydrogen itself , since small - scale reformers are less efficient , both economically and energetically , than large - scale industrial units .
Also , it is questionable how many service stations would want to buy , operate , and maintain their own steam reforming facility .
The station would also need to operate its own 5,000 psi explosion - proof high pressure hydrogen pump , or a cryogenic refrigeration plant , both of which are very unappealing prospects .
Such a scheme of distributed production stations would also eliminate any hope of implementing the hydrogen economy ’s advertised plan to sequester underground the carbon dioxide produced as a byproduct of its hydrogen manufacturing operations .
At bottom , the whole idea is ridiculous , since either the methane or methanol used as feedstock at the station to make the hydrogen would be a better automobile fuel , containing more energy , in less volume , at less cost , than the hydrogen it yields .
The idea of producing hydrogen via water electrolysis locally at filling stations is equally preposterous .
To see this , consider the following .
A kilogram of hydrogen has about the same energy content as a gallon of gasoline , so the owner of a filling station could only expect to obtain the same net income from a kilogram of hydrogen as from a gallon of gas .
A reasonable figure for this might be $ 0.20 per kilogram .
To obtain a modest net income of $ 200 per day from hydrogen sales would therefore require selling 1,000 kilograms per day .
Since hydrogen requires about 163,000 kJ/kg to produce via electrolysis ( assuming an 85 percent efficient electrolyzer ) , this means that 163,000,000 kJ = 45,278 kW - hr per day would be required by the station .
At current grid power costs of $ 0.06 / kW-hr , this would run the station an electric bill of $ 2,717 per day .
If the electrolysis unit ran around the clock , it would need to be supplied with 1,900 kilowatts of electricity ( about a thousand times the power draw of a typical house ) .
This power would need to be supplied by the utility over special heavy - duty lines , and then transformed and rectified into direct current on site for use in the electrolyzer .
Electrolyzers use high amp - low voltage power .
In this case , at least several hundred thousand amps would be required .
And the 1,900 - kilowatt electrolyzer would not be cheap either .
At current prices such a unit would cost the station owner over $ 10 million , which mortgaged over thirty years would cost him about $ 100,000 per month , assuming it lasted that long .
( No one would want to do this , of course , since the same $ 10 million invested in five percent bonds would return $ 500,000 per year , or seven times the $ 200 per day hydrogen sales income under discussion , with no work and no risk . )
Then the station owner would still need to buy and operate either a 5,000 psi explosion - proof compressor pump or a cryogenic refrigerator , and build and accept liability for high - pressure or cryogenic hydrogen storage facilities on his properties .
Having paid for all that , there would then be the little matter of insurance .
This , as should be obvious , is economic insanity .
For just $ 6,000 per day , plus insurance costs , you could make $ 200 , provided you can find fifty customers every day willing to pay triple the going price for automobile fuel .
I do n’t know about you , but if I were running a 7 - 11 , I ’d find something else to sell .
The Trouble with Hydrogen Cars
The Queen in Lewis Carroll ’s Through the Looking Glass says that she could believe “ six impossible things before breakfast . ”
Such an attitude is necessary to discuss the hydrogen economy , since no part of it is possible .
Putting aside the intractable issues of fundamental physics , hydrogen production costs , and distribution show stoppers , let us proceed to discuss the problems associated with the hydrogen cars themselves .
In order for hydrogen to be used as fuel in a car , it has to be stored in the car .
As at the station , this could be done either in the form of cryogenic liquid hydrogen or as highly compressed gas .
In either case , we come up against serious problems caused by the low density of hydrogen .
For example , if liquid hydrogen is the form employed , then storing 20 kilograms onboard ( equivalent in energy content to 20 gallons of gasoline ) would require an insulated cryogenic fuel tank with a volume of some 280 liters ( 70 gallons ) .
This cryogenic hydrogen would always be boiling away , which would create concerns for those who have to leave their cars parked for any length of time , and which would also turn the atmospheres in underground or otherwise enclosed parking garages into explosive fuel - air mixtures .
Public parking garages containing such cars could be expected to explode regularly , since hydrogen is flammable over concentrations in air ranging from 4 to 75 percent , and the minimum energy required for its ignition is about one - twentieth that required for gasoline or natural gas .
Compressed hydrogen is just as unworkable as liquid hydrogen .
If 5,000 psi compressed hydrogen were employed , the tank would need to be 650 liters ( 162 gallons ) , or eight times the size of a gasoline tank containing equal energy .
Because it would have to hold high pressure , this huge tank could not be shaped in an irregular form to fit into the vehicle ’s empty space in some convenient way .
Instead it would have to be a simple shape like a sphere or a domed cylinder , which would make its spatial demands much more difficult to accommodate , and significantly reduce the usable vehicle space within a car of a given size .
If made of ( usually ) crash - safe steel , such a hydrogen tank would weigh 1,300 kilograms ( 2,860 pounds ) — about as much as an entire small car !
Lugging this extra weight around would drastically increase the fuel consumption of the vehicle , perhaps doubling it .
If , instead of steel , a lightweight carbon fiber overwrapped tank were employed to avoid this penalty , the car would become a deadly explosive firebomb in the event of a crash .
While hydrogen gas can be used as a fuel in internal combustion engines , there is no advantage in doing so .
In fact , hydrogen reduces the efficiency of such engines by 20 percent compared to what they can achieve using gasoline .
For this reason , nearly all discussion of hydrogen vehicles has centered on power systems driven by fuel cells .
Fuel cells are electrochemical systems that generate electricity directly through the combination of hydrogen and oxygen in solution .
Essentially electrolyzers operating in reverse , they are attractive because they have no moving parts ( other than small water pumps ) , and under conditions where the quality of their hydrogen and oxygen feed can be perfectly controlled , they are quite efficient and reliable .
These features have provided sufficient advantages to make fuel cells the technology of choice for certain specialty applications , such as the power system for NASA ’s Apollo capsules and the space shuttle .
Yet despite their successful use for four decades in the space program , and many billions of dollars of research and development funds expended over the years for their improvement and refinement , fuel cells have thus far found little use in broader commercial applications .
The reasons for this are threefold .
First , in ordinary terrestrial applications , a practical power system must last years , not just the few weeks required to support a manned space flight .
Second , on Earth , the oxygen supply for the fuel cell must come from the atmosphere , which contains not only nitrogen ( which decreases the fuel cell efficiency compared to a pure oxygen source ) , but carbon dioxide , carbon monoxide , and many other pollutants .
Even in trace form , such pollutants can contaminate the catalysts used in the fuel cells and cause permanent degradation , ultimately rendering the system inoperable .
Finally , and decisively , fuel cells are very expensive .
For NASA , which spends hundreds of millions of dollars on every shuttle launch , it makes little difference if its 10 kilowatt fuel cell system costs $ 100,000 , a million dollars , or ten million dollars .
For a member of the public , however , such costs matter a great deal .
There are many kinds of fuel cells , including alkaline , phosphoric acid , and molten carbonate systems , but for purposes of motor vehicle use the only kind that is suitable and being pursued for development is the proton exchange membrane fuel cell ( PEMFC ) .
These , for example , are the kind used by all vehicle fuel cell engines manufactured by the Ballard Power company , of Vancouver , British Columbia , which for the past decade has produced nearly 80 percent of all fuel cell engines worldwide .
PEMFCs use a platinum catalyst , which is very expensive , and despite billions of dollars of R&D efforts to reduce the amount required , it has proven impossible to cut the cost of such systems below about $ 7,000 / kW .
This is very unfortunate , because an electric car with a 100 - horsepower motor needs about 75 kilowatts of electricity to make it go .
At this price , the cost for just the fuel cell stack powering the car would be about half a million dollars .
Actual costs for complete Ballard fuel cell engine systems have been well over a million dollars each .
Then there ’s still the rest of the car to pay for , although with the propulsion system costing this much , the additional cost would seem like a rounding error .
That , however , is not even the worst of it .
Operating under road conditions in the real atmosphere , which contains such powerful catalyst poisons ( chemicals that will reduce the effectiveness of the fuel cell ) as sulfur dioxide , nitrogen dioxide , hydrogen sulfide , carbon monoxide , and ammonia that can permanently incapacitate a PEMFC , the operating lifetimes of fuel cell stacks have been shown to be less than 20 percent those of conventional diesel engines .
As the trenchant industry analyst F. David Doty pointedly put it :
We ’re still waiting to see a fuel - cell vehicle driven from Miami to Maine via the Smoky Mountains in the winter — even one time , with a few stops and restarts in Maine .
Then , we need to see one hold up to a forty - minute daily commute for more than two years ( preferably at least fifteen years ) with minimal maintenance , and come through a highway accident with less than $ 200,000 in damages ....
When lifetime and maintenance are considered , one can argue that vehicle - qualified PEMFCs are currently 400 times more expensive than diesel engines .
It is true that the costs of PEMFC might conceivably be reduced over time due to technology improvements ( although no real cost reduction has been achieved over the past decade despite several billion dollars in research investment ) .
Moreover , if somehow the vehicles ever went into mass production , increased demand would likely drive the price of the platinum they contain , and thus the overall system cost , through the roof .
Taken together , the outrageously high costs of fuel - cell cars and hydrogen fuel , combined with the non-existence of a hydrogen distribution and sales infrastructure , and the danger to life and limb involved in driving around a vehicle containing a crash - detonatable hydrogen gas bomb , make the possibility of mass consumer purchases of hydrogen fuel - cell vehicles a non-starter .
But let ’s say some benevolent government bureaucrat with a great deal of your money decided to spend $ 700 billion to buy , at $ 1 million each , 700,000 PEMFC powered vehicles ( this would represent about four - tenths of one percent of the total U.S. automobile fleet ) , and then another $ 300 billion to establish a hydrogen distribution infrastructure .
Would n’t we at least get some environmental benefit for our trillion bucks ?
No , we would get no benefit at all .
As discussed above , hydrogen is actually produced commercially using fossil fuel energy , much of which is lost in the process , meaning that more fossil fuels need to be burned , and thus more carbon dioxide produced , to provide a vehicle with a given amount of energy using hydrogen than if the vehicle were allowed to burn fossil fuels directly .
Even if we ignore costs completely and generate hydrogen for vehicle fuel using water electrolysis , that would also increase pollution , since most electricity is actually generated by burning coal and natural gas .
Even if the electricity in question came from nuclear , hydro , wind , or solar power , wasting it on hydrogen generation would still increase overall carbon dioxide emissions relative to the alternative of simply putting the power into the grid .
Furthermore , despite all their cost and hype , the fuel cell vehicles themselves offer no increase in efficiency relative to more conventional systems .
( In this context , “ efficiency ” means the percentage of energy in the fuel that is spent on actual work rather than wasted . )
While the theoretical efficiency of a hydrogen / oxygen fuel cell approaches 85 percent , the actual efficiency of real PEMFC stacks using hydrogen and air near maximum output ( where they must operate , because fuel cell capacity is so expensive ) is about 38 percent .
If we then factor in an estimated efficiency for the power electronics of 92 percent and a real - world motor efficiency of 85 percent , we obtain an estimate of about 30 percent efficiency for a fuel - cell vehicle .
Ordinary internal combustion engine cars can already match this , with systems offering up to 38 percent efficiencies well in sight .
Conventional diesel engines operate today at about 42 percent efficiency .
With variable valve timing , they should be able to attain 58 percent efficiency .
That ’s nearly twice the efficiency offered by a fuel cell vehicle , at 1/400th the cost .
Despite these inconvenient facts , the U.S. Department of Energy has continued to hand out billions of dollars of the taxpayers ’ money to major auto companies and their fuel - cell development partners to produce hydrogen - powered auto - show display vehicles .
The agency issues repeated predictions claiming that tens of thousands of these cars will soon be appearing on America ’s highways , when in fact the Department ’s past projections of the growth of hydrogen vehicles have all been at least two orders of magnitude higher than reality .
As a result , stocks in all the major fuel - cell companies , pumped high by such hype at the expense of naïve investors , are currently selling at less than one - tenth their peak values .
Eventually , real markets catch up with reality ; hype and hoaxes can only take us so far .
A Real Energy Solution
The problem , however , is not simply economic but political , and the reality check on politicians is not always so swift or so reliable .
The longer we buy into the hydrogen hoax , the longer we will avoid developing an energy policy that truly serves America ’s interests — economic , environmental , and geopolitical .
Fortunately , on this front , there is good news , if only we have the will to be serious .
Ethanol and methanol are practical liquid fuels that can be handled by the existing fuel distribution infrastructure and produced at prices roughly competitive with gasoline .
During 2006 , for example , methanol was selling at unsubsidized prices as low as $ 0.80 per gallon , equivalent on an energy basis to gasoline at $ 1.50 per gallon .
As a path toward energy security , methanol is also extremely attractive , since it can be made from any kind of biomass , coal , natural gas , or municipal waste — resources plentiful in the United States and many other non-OPEC nations .
Unfortunately , however , the vast majority of cars on the road cannot use it .
What is needed is government action to break the vertical monopoly on the automobile fuel supply currently held by the petroleum cartel .
This could most efficiently be done simply by mandating that all new cars — whether of foreign or domestic manufacture — sold in the United States be “ flex - fueled . ”
Such cars , which can run on any mixture of alcohol or gasoline , are currently being produced in the United States for little more ( typically an extra $ 100 to $ 200 ) than the same vehicles in non -flex - fueled form .
But they only command about 3 percent of the market , because there are so few high - alcohol gas pumps to serve them .
Conversely , the reason why there are few high - alcohol pumps is because there are not enough flex - fuel cars on the road to warrant them .
If you own a fuel station with three pumps , you are not going to waste one distributing a type of fuel that only 3 percent of cars can use .
Yet within three years of a flex - fuel mandate , there would be at least 50 million cars on the road in the United States capable of using high - alcohol fuel , and at least an equal number overseas .
This would be a sufficient market to create a widespread network of high - alcohol fuel pumps .
Moreover , this dramatically increased demand for alcohol fuels would greatly exceed the supply capacity of American corn-ethanol producers , which means that we could drop our current tariffs against Latin American sugar - ethanol .
A similar circumstance would pertain in Europe and Japan , enabling the elimination of their protectionist measures against Third World agricultural imports .
This would solve the problem of trade barriers against farm products that scuttled the recent Doha round of international trade talks , thus benefiting rich and poor nations alike .
By simply exposing the oil cartel to competition from such alternative fuel sources , we could impose a powerful constraint on its ability to run up prices .
Combined with an unrelenting tariff policy favoring alcohol over imported oil , we could destroy OPEC completely , and effectively redirect over $ 600 billion per year that is now going to the treasury of terrorism to the global agricultural and mining sectors .
Instead of sending our money to the Islamists to spread fanatical ideology , we could give our business to the world ’s farmers , coal miners , and other people who actually work for a living .
Instead of selling off blocks of stock in Western media companies to Saudi princes , we could be selling tractors to Honduras .
Instead of funding terrorism , we could be using our energy dollars to finance world development .
That ’s what a serious energy policy would look like .
Jury acquits six in protest
Thursday , May 01 , 2008
Bangor Daily News – Â©2005
All rights reserved .
BANGOR , Maine – Six longtime anti-war activists arrested last year for refusing to leave the Federal Building when it closed for the day were found not guilty Wednesday of criminal trespass .
A Penobscot County Superior Court jury deliberated for 2 Â ½ hours after a two - day trial .
The defendants , who live in communities from Wells to Bangor , were arrested along with six others on March 8 , 2007 , at a protest at U.S. Sen.
Susan Collins ’ office in the Harlow Street building .
They said they were protesting President Bush ’s proposal to increase the number of U.S. combat troops in Iraq to support a military strategy known as the surge .
Members of the group also were urging Collins to vote against continued funding for the war .
After the verdict was announced about 1:45 p.m. , the defendants , their attorneys and their supporters celebrated on the steps of the courthouse in between interviews with reporters .
Jonathan Kreps , 57 , of Appleton , Henry Braun , 77 , of Wells , James Freeman , 59 , of Verona , Dudley F. Hendrick , 66 , of Deer Isle , Douglas Rawlings , 61 , of Chesterville , and Robert Shetterly , 61 , of Brooksville , chose to go to trial .
The other six pleaded guilty and paid fines .
“ To be honest , I ’m a little incredulous , ” Freeman said after the verdict .
“ I thought there was a remote chance that we ’d have a hung jury , but I did n’t expect this .
The fact that this was a not - guilty verdict says something about the way the wind is blowing in this state .
“ People have had enough of this war , enough of corruption and enough of high oil prices , ” he said .
“ We ca n’t continue to spend $ 12 billion a month on the war and not be affected at home . ”
Freeman , Hendrick and Shetterly represented themselves .
Attorney Philip Worden of Northeast Harbor represented Rawlings .
“ The key to the verdict was the great defendants , ” said attorney Lynne Williams of Bar Harbor , who represented Kreps and Braun .
“ They were sincere , believable and honest .
That , along with very careful jury selection , is why we have this verdict . ”
Williams said that Superior Court Justice William R. Anderson , who presided over the jury selection process but not the trial , allowed a defense - proposed question about potential jurors ’ attitudes toward civil disobedience .
Justice Michaela Murphy presided over the trial .
Brendan Trainer , assistant district attorney for Penobscot County , prosecuted the case .
He referred questions to District Attorney R. Christopher Almy .
“ I think that the public in Maine is so disgusted with the war in Iraq that they demonstrated their disgust with this verdict , ” said Almy , a Democrat .
“ And , that they are upset with [ Sen. Olympia ] Snowe and Collins for getting us involved in this debacle . ”
State law , he said , does not allow the prosecution to appeal a not guilty verdict .
Almy , who praised Trainer ’s presentation of the case , said the verdict most likely would affect whether his office prosecutes protesters arrested in the Federal Building in the future .
“ At this point , ” Almy said , “ we ’re going to have to consider the precedent that this verdict sets and we may very well have to consider giving these cases to the U.S. attorney to prosecute because this state court case may preclude successful future prosecutions .
“ Also , I would like to say that Snowe and Collins got us involved in this mismanaged war and it may be up to them to persuade the U.S. attorney to take on these cases , ” he concluded .
When informed of the verdict , Jen Burita , a spokeswoman for Collins , said Wednesday , “ We are pleased that the matter has been resolved . ”
U.S. Attorney Paula Silsby , who is based in Portland , said she would have to research whether her office had jurisdiction to prosecute people arrested in the federal building in Bangor .
Many years ago , she said , protesters arrested at the Federal Building in Portland were prosecuted in federal court .
A woman juror who refused to be identified talked to the defendants on the courthouse steps after the verdict .
She said that the war really did not factor into the verdict .
The juror said that the state did not meet its burden of proof on the first element needed to prove them guilty of criminal trespass – whether the protesters were in the Federal Building knowing they were not licensed or privileged to be there .
“ I testified that I felt we had an obligation to be there , ” Freeman said , when asked if he felt he had a right to be in the Federal Building after he had been told to leave .
He speculated that his acquittal and that of his co-defendants would increase the number of protests against the war .
The six others arrested during the protest pleaded guilty to criminal trespass between May 2007 and January 2008 and paid the following fines :
Patricia L. Wheeler , 62 , Deer Isle , $ 200 .
Nancy W. Hill , 54 , Stonington , $ 400 .
Judith Robbins , 59 , Sedgwick , $ 400 .
Peter Robbins , 59 , Sedgwick , $ 200 .
Diane Fitzgerald , 66 , Blue Hill , $ 200 .
Maureen R. Block , 53 , Swanville , $ 200 .
The fine for a first conviction is $ 200 , the fine for a second is $ 400 .
Common Types of Truck Accidents
Sideswipes
Blind spot accidents
Rollover accidents
Rear - end accidents
Some of the factors that can lead to trucking accidents include :
It is also important for individuals to be aware of the common types of carrier accidents that can occur .
There are a multitude of carrier accidents that can occur due to the negligence of a carrier driver or for other reasons , and they include :
Check out these great tips on meditation !
It features all meditation questions and answers .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - IBM is under investigation by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency over an $ 80 million bid it made in 2006 to modernize EPA financial systems and has been suspended from seeking new contracts with all U.S. agencies , the company said on Monday .
A worker is silhouetted in front of a huge screen with the IBM logo ahead of the CeBIT fair inside a hall in Hanover March 1 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Hannibal Hanschke
In addition , IBM said the U.S. Attorney ’s Office for the Eastern District of Virginia had served IBM and certain employees with grand jury subpoenas requesting testimony and documents on interactions between the EPA and IBM employees .
International Business Machines Corp , the world ’s largest provider of computer services , said it only learned on Friday of the temporary suspension from the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) tied to possible violations of ethical bidding provisions on an EPA contract IBM had submitted in March 2006 .
IBM shares , which closed up 57 cents at $ 115.14 in regular New York Stock Exchange trading ahead of the disclosure , lost $ 1.75 , or 1.5 percent , to trade at $ 113.39 in extended trade .
The temporary suspension applies to all federal agencies and IBM business units .
IBM may continue work on existing contracts as of the date of the suspension , unless a particular agency directs otherwise , the company said in a statement .
IBM spokesman Fred McNeese said the company had been blindsided by the government suspension .
IBM plans to cooperate in the investigation but will fight to limit the scope of its suspension from bidding on new contracts , he said .
“ We are going to cooperate with investigators but we are also going to take all appropriate actions to challenge the scope of this action , ” McNeese said in a telephone interview .
The company started receiving calls on Friday from outside parties informing it that IBM ’s name was on a Government Services Administration site listing parties barred from bidding on federal contracts , McNeese said .
After inquiries , IBM received a letter of suspension from the EPA , he added .
The spokesman for Armonk , New York - based IBM said the bid covered a financial systems modernization contract that has yet to be awarded .
He confirmed that the value of IBM ’s bid was around $ 80 million and was for a systemwide EPA project .
INFORMATION PROVIDED BY EPA EMPLOYEE
“ What we are saying is that the case stems from information provided by an EPA employee to IBM employees , ” McNeese said .
“ Prior to Friday , there was not a hint that there were any type of issues with this contract . ”
McNeese referred further questions about the contract to the EPA .
EPA Press Secretary Jonathan Shradar said in a statement that his agency temporarily suspended IBM from receiving new federal contracts or assistance on March 27 .
The contract at issue was never awarded after questions arose over the IBM bid , he said .
“ As the matter is currently pending before the suspending official , the agency will have no further comment at this time , ” the EPA official said in a statement .
IBM said it was unaware of any potential action by the EPA or the U.S. Attorney ’s office until March 28 .
“ IBM has initiated discussions with the EPA and the U.S. Attorney ’s office to obtain additional information and is cooperating with the investigations , ” IBM said in a statement .
Under federal procurement rules , IBM has 30 days to contest the scope of the suspension .
The ban on federal contracts can last up to one year , pending the completion of the government investigation .
Depending on how long the suspension remains in place , IBM could potentially lose out on U.S. government contracts worth hundreds of millions , even billions , of dollars that major rivals such as CSC , EDS or Affiliated Computer Services
Inc could be in a position to win instead .
IBM said it has served the federal government for many decades as a vendor in good standing and is “ committed to the highest standards of business ethics . ”
All employees receive business conduct training with special training for employees seeking federal government business , it added .
IBM grew up out of a company founded by former U.S. Census bureau employee Herman Hollerith , who developed punch - card tabulation machines to automate counting of the 1890 census .
The Computer - Tabulating - Recording Co was renamed IBM in 1924 .
In selling , it is important to understand not only the nature of the product you are offering but the nature of your prospect as well .
When I was in college and thinking about joining a fraternity , I had an experience that really points out the value of understanding this very important trigger .
Of all the fraternities I could have joined in college , I chose the worst one .
Why ?
After spending time visiting various fraternities , I had figured out the nature of why guys join a fraternity in the first place .
I reasoned that with this knowledge , I could singlehandedly take the worst fraternity on campus and turn it into the best one , simply by coming up with an effective marketing plan to dramatically increase membership .
My approach would take into account the nature of my prospect ( the student ) and , using this information , seduce that student into wanting to join my fraternity at the exclusion of all others .
I would thus , by building a large membership , transform my fraternity into a top- rated organization , regardless of how bad it had been when I joined .
This may seem like a rather naive plan , but I was convinced that I personally could make a difference .
After joining and going through the initiation period , I got sworn in , went before my fraternity brothers , and laid out my plan — “ Operation Survival ” as I called it .
I explained that guys join a fraternity for two psychological and motivating factors — one was as a vehicle to meet girls and the other was to experience the camaraderie , brotherhood and love of a group of guys .
I showed that an illusion could be created to capture this effect of love and social interaction in a fraternity for the sake of acquiring new members or “ pledges , ” as they were called .
The goal was to have more guys wanting to join our fraternity than any other on campus .
And we needed this big infusion of new faces or our fraternity would surely die — that ’s how bad this place was and how badly we were doing attracting new members .
It truly was Operation Survival .
My plan was simple and consisted of two parts .
The first part was to invite the most beautiful and sexy girls to act as hostesses for our get - acquainted events .
I did n’t want the active brothers ’ girlfriends to act as hostesses , as was usually the case .
No , these gals had to be world - class — girls the guys would talk about for days after our event .
The second was the way each brother had to introduce a fellow brother to a prospective member .
I insisted that the brother should say to a prospect something very loving and warm about his fellow fraternity brother .
For example , “ Put your arms around your brother and tell the prospect what a wonderful person your brother is and how much you genuinely admire and love this guy . ”
The plan was not as easy to execute as it might seem .
First , no world - class gal on campus wanted any part of my fraternity .
Second , the guys hated each other .
Expressing love about a fellow brother whom you hated seemed a rather difficult gesture , if not impossible .
But I did a few things that made it work .
We hired four of the most beautiful strippers from the local strip clubs .
They were young , sexy , and welcomed the opportunity to “ act out ” roles as university coeds and hostesses for our three planned get - acquainted parties .
I then rehearsed the guys and made them put their arms around each other , expressing this new brotherly love that was so foreign and repulsive to them .
They could barely stand it .
But the charade worked .
Not only did we end up with the biggest pledge class in our history , beating all the other fraternities , but some of the guys actually got closer to their fellow brothers , and an entire new spirit spread throughout the fraternity .
There was such a buzz around campus about the girls who were acting as our hostesses that by the time we held our third party , we did n’t have room for the crowd that we attracted .
In fact , the strippers enjoyed their experience so much that they invited some of their beautiful girlfriends to join the fun .
( One of the gals even turned out to be a hooker . )
The students were so impressed with the love , brotherhood , and display of beautiful women that when it came time to join , the students were literally begging to sign up .
I had understood the psychological trigger of my product ( the fraternity ) and of my prospect ( the young student looking for a place to find love and social interaction ) .
The key in this case was the power of knowing the nature of the prospect — those emotional aspects of the prospect that would respond best to a planned pitch .
Operation Survival was a huge success and transformed my fraternity into one of the best on campus — all from a simple marketing plan and in a few short weeks .
Let me cite a few more examples to illustrate this very important principle .
How can you use this trigger to your advantage in a face - to - face selling opportunity ?
Get to know the nature of your prospect relative to the nature of your product .
Become an expert on your prospect .
Be a good listener ; talk to your prospects and those who know and have dealt with them .
You ’ll soon discover the very nature of your prospect and the emotional reasons he or she will buy .
If I were selling a home , I would get to know the motivations of my prospects and what they are looking for in a home .
I would find out their history .
I would ask them about their other home - buying experiences and what their hobbies are .
I would gather as much information about them as possible and then I would develop a sense of what emotional and logical needs they might have .
Understanding their needs and the nature of the prospect in general would give me enough information to craft a very effective sales presentation that , ideally , would match the nature of my product with the nature of my prospect .
The prospect has basic emotional needs that your product will solve , regardless of how sophisticated or simple your product offering is .
Examine those emotional needs .
For the moment , forget the logical needs .
It is from the perspective of emotion that you will reach the core essence of your prospect ’s motivation .
And it is from this essence that you will get all the clues you need to uncover the way to that prospect ’s heart and soul and eventually to his or her pocketbook .
Triggers by Joe Sugarman
Marketing Secrets of a Mail Order Maverick : Stories & Lessons on the Power of Direct Marketing to Start a Successful Business , Create a Brand
10 Totally Stupid Online Business Ideas That Made Someone Rich
10 + Unusual Ways To Make Easy Money On The Internet If You Love Writing .
Stupid Shit People ACTUALLY
Put On Their Resumes
35 Weird Facts You Never Heard Of
10 Things You Did Not Know You Could Buy On Amazon .
Com
