Moore ’s Law CPU scaling “ is now dead ” claims NVIDIA VP ; GPU parallel computing is the future
Earlier this month , SlashGear columnist Michael Gartenberg pondered whether Moore ’s Law was still relevant to PCs ; obviously NVIDIA chief scientist and vice president Bill Dally has only just got the memo .
The engineer has penned a guest column for Forbes on the limitations of current CPU technology , and more specifically the fact that – while processor speed has increased pretty much as Moore predicted – the power scaling part of Moore ’s Law has ended .
“ As a result , the CPU scaling predicted by Moore ’s Law is now dead , ” Dally suggests , before suggesting that parallel computing will be our saviour .
“ Going forward , the critical need is to build energy - efficient parallel computers , sometimes called throughput computers , in which many processing cores , each optimized for efficiency , not serial speed , work together on the solution of a problem .
A fundamental advantage of parallel computers is that they efficiently turn more transistors into more performance .
Doubling the number of processors causes many programs to go twice as fast .
In contrast , doubling the number of transistors in a serial CPU results in a very modest increase in performance –at a tremendous expense in energy . ”
Bill Dally , NVIDIA
Of course , what ’s the best known parallel computing platform around at the moment : why , it ’s NVIDIA ’s own CUDA architecture .
That ’s now found in GeForce , ION , Quadro and Tesla GPUs from the company , and can be turned to not just graphics crunching but general processing .
The problem with multicore processors of the sort that Intel and AMD are producing , Dally says , is that they consume too much energy per instruction ; because of that it ’s pointless trying to hook up several of them in parallel .
To be fair , Dally ’s points do make some sense when you consider the generally growing power requirements for high - performance chips ; however , we do n’t think Intel or AMD will be quite so ready to go along with the NVIDIA VP ’s suggestions .
Ralph Remakel received a Citibank letter postmarked Feb. 16 that notified him of a recent Citibank error .
It turns out he was n't the only one .
In late January , Citibank mailed year - end tax statements to 600,000 Citi customers via the U.S. Postal Service that included the customers ' Social Security numbers ... on the outside of the envelope .
Citi called the mistake a " processing error . "
Although the nine - digit numbers were not identified as Social Security numbers ( they were printed at the lower edge of the envelope with other numbers and letters and resembled a mail routing number ) , Citi still reacted to the mistake .
EVP and Director of Citibank Client Services Norman
White sent customer notification letters to every affected Citi customer during the week of Feb. 15 , apologizing for the error .
The letter offered Citi customers the option to enroll in a free , 180 - day credit monitoring service arranged by Citibank , but White also encouraged customers to regularly review activity on their accounts .
Remakel said he did not take advantage of Citibank 's credit monitoring service offer .
" It ’s like small change compared to the effect of me getting my Social Security number compromised , " Remakel said .
" Who would would really see it except the post office ?
But it ’s not like it ’s hidden in any way .
What ’s the easiest way to take someone ’s identity ?
Their Social Security Number . "
( See the full text of the letter below )
Citibank said in a statement that the company believes the error produced little to no risk to its customers and that it has been corrected for all Citibank 's future mailings .
" Although there is little or no risk to our customers , we decided to be completely transparent to our customers by notifying them of the error , " the statement said .
" It is an important part of our commitment to our customers to be fully transparent and to give them the peace of mind that comes from banking with people they trust . "
Remakel , however , was not satisfied with his notification letter .
" I was almost to the point of calling them and saying , ' Hey , for your blunder , how about wiping out everything I owe you ? ' , ” he said .
Full text of Citibank 's notification letter :
We are writing to inform you that due to a processing error the nine digits in your Social Security number , along with a string of other numbers and letters all resembling a mail routing number , were printed on the lower edge of an envelope containing a year - end tax statement that we mailed to you recently .
We believe there is little or no risk to you .
However we wanted to bring this to your attention , apologize and confirm that changes have been made for all future mailings .
Should you nonetheless remain concerned , we have arranged for you at your option to enroll in a credit monitoring service at no cost to you for the next 180 days .
To activate this coverage , please call the toll - free number or visit the website listed below and enter the redemption code .
The redemption code is required for enrollment .
As always , we encourage you to regularly review activity on your accounts .
For credit monitoring service coverage :
Toll - Free Number : 1-866-212-9114
Website : www.identityguard.com/alert
Redemption Code : _______________
We are sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused you .
Do not hesitate to contact us at 877-478-6597 if you have any questions .
Sincerely ,
Norman Wright
EVP & Director , Citibank Client Services
Image caption
The unemployment rate in Spain has risen sharply during the downturn
Spain 's unemployment rate has hit 20 % for the first time in nearly 13 years , official figures have shown .
There were 4,612,700 people unemployed in the country at the end of March , the national statistics agency INE said .
Spain 's jobless rate has risen sharply during the economic downturn and is the highest in the eurozone .
Meanwhile , official European Union ( EU ) figures showed that the eurozone unemployment rate remained unchanged at 10 % in March .
This equates to 15.8 m people .
Among the wider EU , the jobless rate was 9.6 % , with 23.1 m people unemployed .
Germany was the only country where the jobless rate fell , from 7.4 % to 7.3 % .
The EU 's statistics agency Eurostat calculates its unemployment figures on a slightly different basis to the INE .
The agency also said it expects eurozone inflation to be 1.5 % in April , up from from 1.4 % in March .
Shrinking economy
Earlier this week , credit ratings agency Standard & Poor 's downgraded Spanish government debt over fears for the country 's economic outlook .
Spain 's unemployment figure was released by mistake earlier this week , but was not confirmed at the time as official by the INE .
The Spanish economy shrank by 0.1 % in the final three months of 2009 .
For the whole year , it shrank by 3.6 %
Goldman Sachs should be suspended from working for the Government until the outcome of a fraud case brought against the investment bank by US regulators is known , opposition politicians said yesterday .
The demand from the Tories and the Liberal Democrats came as the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) began an investigation into the Wall Street giant 's operations in London .
Goldman Sachs is on a rota of investment banks that advise the Treasury about debt issuance , which has risen dramatically as the budget deficit has escalated .
Goldman is also keen to be involved in a potential fees bonanza from the privatisation of Northern Rock and the state 's interests in Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group , together with a rash of sales of state assets including the Tote bookmaker , the Student Loans Company and the Channel Tunnel rail link .
Yesterday , however , there were calls for Goldman to be taken off the list of approved banks pending the outcome of a fraud investigation by the US Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
America 's financial regulator claims Goldman and one of its vice - presidents , Fabrice Tourre , defrauded investors by mis-stating and omitting key facts about a financial product tied to subprime mortgages as the housing market began to collapse .
Goldman denies any wrongdoing .
After Gordon Brown described the US bank as " morally bankrupt " at the weekend , Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman , said yesterday : " The Government should not be paying for the services of a bank that is being investigated on both sides of the Atlantic .
The allegations made against Goldman Sachs are extremely serious .
Not a penny of taxpayers ' money should be paid while these allegations hang over [ the bank ] . "
The Conservatives also questioned whether Goldman should still be on the roster of approved banks .
Mark Hoban , the shadow Financial Secretary to the Treasury , said : " If Gordon Brown believes Goldman Sachs are ' morally bankrupt ' , why is he still using them as advisers ?
...
He is lashing out at the people he was very happy to work with over the last 13 years as both Chancellor and Prime Minister . "
Unions and think - tanks also lined up to criticise the company .
Brendan Barber , the general - secretary of the Trades Union Congress , said : " The accusations against Goldman Sachs are the most serious legal intervention since the crash ...
However , many think this case is just the tip of an iceberg , and such behaviour was systemic and widespread .
It is therefore much more important to give a new impetus to the effective global regulation of banking . "
Gavin Hayes , of the left - wing think - tank Compass , said : " I would go so far as to say that Goldman Sachs should be suspended from advising the Government in any professional capacity – not just on government bonds .
" [ It advises ] the Government on all sorts of things , including recently on Northern Rock and on privatisations .
The Government plans a number of asset sales in the near - future .
" While [ Goldman ] is investigated by the FSA [ it ] should not be providing any services to government .
If [ it is ] found guilty [ it ] should be sacked and barred from being awarded any public procurement contracts for the foreseeable future . "
The FSA is understood to be preparing to ask why it was not told about the US investigation into Goldman and Mr Tourre before Friday night , when the SEC announced the charges .
The SEC claims Goldman failed to tell investors of the involvement of the New York hedge fund Paulson & Co in selecting a portfolio of risky subprime mortgages for the " Abacus " bond it was betting against .
Mr Tourre , who is named in the SEC filing , came to London to work for Goldman Sachs in November 2008 , several months after the controversial Abacus bond transaction .
Traders have to be judged " fit and proper " by watchdogs before they are allowed to work in any financial centre .
Goldman received a so - called " Wells notice " of the SEC investigation last summer but failed to inform the FSA .
Mr Tourre was not at work yesterday but the bank has so far stood by him .
While he is currently taking time off , Goldman has insisted that he is not suspended and remains an employee of the company .
The bank , whose shares have fallen sharply following the announcement of the fraud inquiry , could also come under pressure from investors for failing to notify them of the investigation in an earlier quarterly results statement , particularly if the charges result in a heavy fine followed by litigation .
Royal Bank of Scotland , which has lost more than £ 500 m as a result of its insuring the Abacus bond against a default , is understood to be watching developments closely .
It is involved through its ownership of the Dutch bank ABN Amro. RBS , which is majority owned by British taxpayers , is unlikely to act until the outcome of the charges is known , but will almost certainly sue if the SEC 's case against Goldman is proven .
Goldman is today expected to add fuel to the fire by unveiling plans to pay staff £ 3.5 bn in bonuses from its first - quarter earnings .
The banking equivalent of Toyota ?
Goldman Sachs has long had a reputation as the brightest penny in Wall Street 's bulging moneybox .
But now facing fraud allegations from America 's Securities & Exchange Commission , could the company be heading for a train wreck that leaves it as the banking equivalent of Toyota ?
The " firm " , as it has become known , is usually the first port of call for any company contemplating taking over a rival , or needing help to fend off a potential predator .
Its very name on the list of advisers has been seen as a mark of credibility – Goldman is very rarely on the losing side .
It is this fact that has begun to cause the bank problems – with a perception that puts its own interests before those of its clients .
The company made huge profits during the US debt crisis by betting on a collapse in the subprime mortgage market – home loans issued to people shunned by mainstream lenders – and related financial products .
Initially this led to the company being praised , but increasingly questions have been raised about its conduct during the financial crisis .
In our new feature , writer Chris Sims and artist Rusty Shackles carry on the noble comic book tradition of the imaginary story by bringing you the Best Comics Ever that do n't actually exist !
This time around , it 's a Girl Week special that reveals the real reason Spider - Man 's marriage had to go !
Look for our next imaginary installment soon !
If your mother does not understand what you are saying then neither do you .
We may be compensated by advertising and affiliate programs .
See full disclosure below
I believe that cash flow is one of the most powerful concepts in personal finance .
People have a general feel about their personal finance — e.g. , whether they are comfortable or are struggling .
Unfortunately , not too many people truly understand cash flow and how important it is to your finances .
When you understand the concept of cash flow and know how to improve it , you give yourself tremendous flexibility and open yourself to a lot of opportunities .
What is Cash Flow ?
Cash flow is basically your income minus expenses .
If your income is about the same as your expenses , you ’re living paycheck to paycheck .
If your income is higher , you ’re in good shape .
And if your income is lower , you ’re accumulating debt .
Very simple is n’t it ?
And here is the beautiful part .
Once you understand the basic components — income and expenses — you can begin to take concrete actions to improve your finances .
And you can break down the problem even further by looking at reducing individual expenses and improving your income .
How to Improve Your Cash Flow
Reduce Your Expenses
The best and easiest way to improve your cash flow is by cutting your expenses ; especially expenses that are recurring month - to - month .
The biggest bang for your buck is your mortgage if you have one .
Take a look at today ’s best mortgage rates and see if it makes sense for you to refinance .
Refinancing alone could free up several hundred dollars that you could use for other financial goals .
In general , expense reduction is easier if you are keeping a budget .
If you do n’t have one , you should start tracking your expenses and start a budget .
The key to success in expense reduction is doing all the little things that add up and trying to take one small step at a time .
Do n’t try to reduce your expenses by 50 % — it will never happen .
Challenge yourself to cut $ 50 a month or $ 100 a month .
Once you accomplish that , go for another $ 50 , and so forth .
To help you get started , here are some ideas on how to cut your expenses and save money .
Increase Your Income
The other side of the equation is improving your income .
This is harder than cutting your expenses , but there are things that you could do — even little things like moving your money to a high - interest savings account helps you to earn more .
Again , it ’s all the little things that add up .
What about other income ideas ?
You can basically break them down into a few categories :
Earn more from your job — i.e. , ask for a raise , get a promotion , work overtime , move to a new company , etc .
Earn more outside of your job .
Here are a few additional income ideas for you to mull over .
Make your money work harder — i.e. , investing in the stock market , real estate investing , and other alternative investments , etc .
A Free Tool to Help Track Your Cash Flow
You can use Personal Capital to link to your bank and investment accounts , as well as your credit cards , and use their cash flow analysis tool to show you where the money is flowing in and how you are spending your money .
All of your expenses are categorized , so you can see how you might be able to cut in certain categories and increase your savings .
Here ’s is a screenshot of what it looks like :
All of your transactions are automatically categorized , showing you where your money is going .
You can click on the pie chart to drill down and see the detail for any category .
You can view , sort , or search your transactions — all transactions from all your accounts are in one list .
What to Do with the Extra Money
So you ’ve improved your cash flow , what should you do with the extra cash ?
Here are a few ideas :
Pay down your debt — e.g. , eliminate credit card debt , car loan , student loan , etc .
As you do this , you ’ll free up even more cash because you no longer have to pay all the finance charges and monthly payments .
— e.g. , eliminate credit card debt , car loan , student loan , etc .
As you do this , you ’ll free up even more cash because you no longer have to pay all the finance charges and monthly payments .
Invest your money .
Again , make your money work for you and continue to improve your cash flow .
Again , make your money work for you and continue to improve your cash flow .
Give .
If you are in a position to give , charitable donation is also a great way to use your money .
I hope you enjoy this article , and more importantly , got a few ideas out of it that you can use to improve your finances .
Meirion Jones
BBC Newsnight
On the eve of the Leaders ' Debate on foreign policy , Lord Owen has backed Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg 's call to scrap Trident II , while the former Chief of Defence Staff Lord Guthrie has called for a rethink .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Lord Owen has told Newsnight that a perfectly adequate nuclear deterrent could be produced for a tenth - or even a twentieth - of the price of the planned Trident II nuclear submarines : " It 's quite ludicrous overkill for a country that 's facing a huge structural fiscal deficit and has got to cut public expenditure " .
Labour and the Conservatives both want to renew the UK nuclear weapons system when Trident expires in the 2020s .
But the Lib Dems " rule out like - for - like " replacement , instead saying they will seek " alternatives " and support efforts at multilateral nuclear disarmament .
Debating point During the first of the leaders ' debates Nick Clegg repeatedly asked how Gordon Brown or David Cameron " could justify or afford £ 100bn over 25 years on a nuclear missile system , which was designed specifically to flatten St Petersburg or Moscow " , and said " the world has moved on and I think you two need to move with it " .
" For UK eyes only " - 1963 government document on the cost of deterrent
Enlarge Image
Mr Brown and Mr Cameron are expected to attack Nick Clegg on the issue during tomorrow 's televised debate .
But Lord Owen - Labour 's foreign secretary in the 1970s before going on to lead the SDP - says that Britain should never have bought Trident in the first place .
While he was in office he privately advocated a system based on cruise missiles for a fraction of the cost .
Nowadays , he says , it would be even cheaper .
New Astute class submarines which are starting to go into Royal Navy service are already fitted with cruise missiles .
In times of emergency , he says , their conventional warheads could be switched for nuclear ones .
In today 's Times newspaper the former Chief of the Defence Staff , Lord Guthrie , adds his voice to calls from other former military leaders for a review .
" Do we really need the kind of effective weapon we had in the Cold War ? " he asks .
" There is quite an argument to say we do not . "
Lord Owen says this is a commonly held view inside the armed forces : " Many senior people in the Ministry of Defence want to keep a minimum deterrent with Astute submarines with cruise missiles " .
There would be no more Trident submarines on deep ocean patrols , but in times of tension the navy could " put a nuclear warhead on those cruise missiles and deploy them as a nuclear deterrent " .
Declassified documents
The 2007 decision to renew Trident was taken with little public scrutiny , just as happened with its initial introduction in 1982 and with Polaris in the early 1960s .
But Newsnight has also obtained formerly top secret documents which show that there were doubts from the outset over whether Britain should take the expensive path of building ballistic missile submarines .
The papers dating from 1963 show that while the deal to buy Polaris from the United States was being finalised , the RAF held talks with Boeing about instead opting for cheaper , land - based Minuteman missiles instead .
The papers were unearthed at the National Archives by nuclear history researcher , Brian Burnell , who designed bomb casings for Britain 's first atom bombs in the 1950s .
They show that the RAF 's scientific adviser wrote that Polaris would cost £ 420 m over 10 years , but that Minutemen could " pose the same deterrent threat " for just £ 58 m - a fraction of the cost .
When the decision to replace Polaris came before Lord Owen in the 1970s he argued that it was not necessary for Britain to destroy Moscow or St Petersburg if dozens of cruise missiles could devastate other Russian cities instead .
Recently released papers show that by 1977 Britain 's chiefs of defence staff already believed they could not hit Moscow because of its missile defences .
They were already working on the same basis that Lord Owen thought would provide an adequate deterrent but , says Lord Owen , they told neither him nor the Prime Minister .
The cheaper cruise missile option was ruled out and when Margaret Thatcher came to power in 1979 she was told that Trident was the only option .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The priest , convicted of tying up and abusing two young boys in a California church rectory , wanted to leave the ministry .
But in 1985 , four years after the priest and his bishop first asked that he be defrocked , the future Pope Benedict XVI , then a top Vatican official , signed a letter saying that the case needed more time and that “ the good of the Universal Church ” had to be considered in the final decision , according to church documents released through lawsuits .
That decision did not come for two more years , the sort of delay that is fueling a renewed sexual abuse scandal in the church that has focused on whether the future pope moved quickly enough to remove known pedophiles from the priesthood , despite pleas from American bishops .
As the scandal has deepened , the pope ’s defenders have said that , well before he was elected pope in 2005 , he grew ever more concerned about sexual abuse and weeding out pedophile priests .
But the case of the California priest , the Rev. Stephen Kiesle , and the trail of documents first reported on Friday by The Associated Press , shows , in this period at least , little urgency .
The combined forces of Spider - Man and the Jedi Knights took time off from battling Green Goblin and The Empire on Saturday to bust an Adelaide comic store thief .
The unnamed perp attempted to lift a copy of X - Men Omnibus , worth A$ 160 ( £ 97 ) , from the Adelaide Comics Centre during an event to mark International Free Comic day .
This turned out to be a bad move , since owner Michael Baulderstone had donned a Spider - Man costume for the occasion , which evidently enhanced his crimebusting instincts .
Amid fans posing as Catwoman , Kick - Ass and Wolverine , he eyeballed a man " suspiciously dressed in regular clothing " .
He told the Times : “ My Spider - sense was tingling .
I did n’t want to scare him off so I followed him around the store and eventually said , ‘ Are you right there , mate ? ’ ”
He continued : “ I ’m 169 cm tall and only 57kg , so I ’m a tiny bloke but I just grabbed his bag and looked in it and there was the book . "
The CCTV image above captures the moment of the bust , at which point Spider - Man called in back - up .
He explained : “ I had 50 people in the store so I just shouted for someone to guard the front door and it just happened that the Jedi Knights were there and they had their lightsabers out so they held the door until the police arrived .
“ My colleague , who was dressed as The Flash , kept running the shop and stayed calm .
It really was a team effort . ”
Law enforcement operatives dressed as Adelaide police officers then attended the scene and took the man into custody .
Cops later confirmed they were investigating the matter . ®
It is the " new normal . "
It is the new golden rule : It is bullshit .
And , IMHO , too many Democrats are okay ( or , ambivalent , or dealing with a serious bout of cognitive dissonance about it ) with that .
On Thursday , I posted a brief diary entitled , " Democrats ? "
It was about the pathetic ambivalence we 're witnessing from many within our own party -- never mind the teabaggers and the Rethugs -- with regard to the reality that we 're about to throw 400,000 Americans out on the streets every month as a byproduct of cancelling their emergency unemployment coverage ( extensions ) .
New Deal Democrat posted a much better , more detailed diary on the matter yesterday : " Congress : Establish a new WPA NOW ! "
But , the truth is , it 's about matters much deeper than compassion for sheer human suffering .
It is about our society and everything around us .
SO , LET'S SET THE STAGE ...
Mark Ames has a piece worth a read running over at Alternet.org right now : " 10 Ways the American Economy Is Built on Fraud . "
( I excerpted the section on " Big Pharma Fraud , " [ I 've had two experiences in my life where doctors / drug manufacturers came very close to killing me , through misdiagnosis and bad prescriptions ] , but Ames gives his readers a whirlwind tour of the economic thievery rampant throughout various sectors of our society . )
10 Ways the American Economy Is Built on Fraud
eXiled Online / By Mark Ames
April 29 , 2010 Fraud has become so endemic in this country that it 's woven its way into America 's DNA .
Here are 10 ways the American economy is built on fraud : 1 ) . Accounting Fraud ...
... 2 ) . Big Pharma Fraud .
Remember that scene early in Fight Club , when Edward Norton explained his job , when it was more profitable to let a car defect go and pay whatever lawsuit settlements come from the deaths , and when it 's better to recall the cars because the number of deaths will result in too many lawsuits ?
This is humanitarian do - gooder stuff compared to the savage real - world fraud - for - profit model that drives America 's drug companies .
It 's really simple and it goes like this : the more fraud a drug company commits , so long as it's off - the - scale fraud with the most horrible consequences for the victims , the drug company 's profits always outdo the criminal fines and lawsuits by factors of 20 , 30 , 100 ...
It 's as simple as that .
Because the billion in penalties here or the two billion in class action lawsuit settlements there are always far less than the tens of billions you earn from pushing harmful drugs on unsuspecting idiots .
To wit : Between May 2004 and March 2010 , a handful of top drug companies like Pfizer , Eli Lilly and Bristol - Myers paid over $ 7 billion in criminal penalties for bribing doctors to prescribe drugs for unapproved uses , with sometimes deadly consequences .
However , as a Bloomberg report noted , the fines are always a fraction of the profits -- Pfizer alone paid almost $ 3 billion in criminal fines since 2004 , yet that was just one percent of their total revenues ; Eli Lilly got busted bribing doctors to prescribe a schizophrenia drug , Zyprexa , to elderly patients suffering from dementia , even though company - run clinical trials showed an alarming death rate of 31 people out of 1,184 participants ( double the placebo rate ) .
Whatever -- the market for elderly dementia patients meant billions in extra revenues .
So Eli Lilly continued pushing Zyprexa on the elderly for another four years until it the Feds busted them .
Eli Lilly got hit with $ 1.42 billion fine , but that was peanuts compared to the $ 36 billion it earned on Zyprexa sales from 2000 - 2008 .
To make it happen , the drug companies buy off all the checks and balances : lawsuits revealed the enormous bribes they pay to doctors , and even America 's medical journals are so corrupted by drug company influence that they 're no longer reliable as much more than hidden advertisements , according to a recent UCSF study .
Medical journals are 5 times more likely to publish " positive " drug reviews than negative reviews , and one - quarter of all clinical trials are never published at all , leading doctors to prescribe drugs assuming they have all the information .
The result : prescription drugs kill one American every five minutes ... while Americans pay more for drugs than anyone in the world , spending a total of $ 12 billion on drugs in 1980 to spending $ 291 billion in 2008 - - a 1,700 % increase .
America is ranked only 17th in the world in life expectancy .
... 3 . ) Alan Greenspan : Fraudonomics Maestro ...
... 4 . ) Municipal Debt Fraud ...
... 5 . ) Journalism fraud ...
... 6 . ) Fraudonomics K - 12 ...
... 7 . ) Boardroom Fraud ...
... 8 . ) Corrupt credit rating agencies ...
... 9 . ) Regulatory Fraud :
In the OTS , OCC , Fed , pension benefit guaranty agency and of course the SEC ...
... 10 . ) Judicial fraud ...
And , if Ames is too over - the - top for you , here 's George Washington 's latest , just posted over at Naked Capitalism , a couple of hours ago : " Guest Post : Cut the Partisan Hooey ... BOTH the Private Sector AND the Government are to Blame for the Financial Crisis . "
# # #
( Diarist is authorized , in writing , by Naked Capitalism Publisher Yves Smith to reproduce diaries which appear on her blog in their entirety , for the readership here at Daily Kos . )
Guest Post : Cut the Partisan Hooey ... BOTH the Private Sector AND the Government are to Blame for the Financial Crisis
George Washington
11:35 PM May 1 , 2010
Washington 's Blog
Partisan GOP hacks say the financial crisis was caused by too much regulation , and government interference in the markets .
But Glass - Steagall was repealed , derivatives were left unregulated , and the regulators were watching porn instead of preventing fraud .
Giant banks , hedge funds and other fat cat private players knowingly gamed the market and committed fraud in more ways than can be listed in a single post .
And remember , even the " father of economics " - Adam Smith - did n't believe in completely unfettered free markets .
On the other hand , partisan Democratic party hacks say that bad corporations caused the crisis , and that if more power is given to Summers , Bernanke , Geithner and the other governmental honchos , they 'll fix everything .
But Summers , Bernanke , Geithner and the other meatheads largely caused the crisis through their actions .
And as Simon Johnson points out , the government created the mega - giants , and they are not the product of free market competition .
As I pointed out in February 2009 , government fraud is pervasive :
A lot has come out since then about Geithner , Bernanke , and other officials .
See this , this , this , this and this .
Indeed , government employees are mainly using their time in office to feather their own nests , rather than to do anything constructive .
So let 's cut the partisan hooey .
Both the fat cat players and the government are to blame for the financial crisis , and we need to rein in corruption and fraud in both .
# # #
SO MUCH FOR THE 32,000 - FOOT VIEW ... LET'S LOOK AT JUST THE PAST FEW DAYS ON THE GROUND ...
Wall Street regulatory " reform . "
Not so much : " Potential Derivative Loophole # 1 : Trading Facility . "
At the moment , the omission of one word , " trading , " ( thanks to Senator Blanche Lincoln 's Agriculture Committee ) , all but entirely morphs " tough " derivatives language in the bill into a layup for Wall Street .
Will it be in the final version of the legislation ?
( This same - as - it - ever - was language is in the bill as we blog .
Come on !
You really did n't think Blanche actually went and bought a new conscience at Wal - Mart , did you ? )
Potential Derivative Loophole # 1 : Trading Facility
Rortybomb
Mike Konczal
April 30 , 2010
It 's Friday , so for fun let 's play financial reform loophole detective .
Here 's the definition of a " swap execution facility " in Senator Lincoln 's original bill ( p. 47 ) : This language was passed out of the Ag Committee .
Here is the Ag Committee 's language merged into the Dodd Bill that will be debated next week ( p. 773-774 ) .
Can you find a difference ?
The word " trading " has been removed from the Dodd Bill .
Specifically , a swap execution facility no longer means a " trading facility " but just a " facility . "
I thought this might not mean much , until I just saw this Bloomberg report from Matthew Leising that this might in fact be a big deal :
April 29 ( Bloomberg ) --
A one - word deletion in the 1,565 - page Senate financial reform bill may help banks and inter- dealer brokers maintain how they trade swaps in the unregulated $ 605 trillion over - the - counter derivatives market ....
The latest version deletes the word " trading " from the term " trading facility , " according to a copy of the revised bill obtained by Bloomberg News .
I 'm tee'ing up my Halter for Senate donation right now !
Are you ?
# # #
Author and former Goldman Sachs Managing Director Nomi Prins tells us of four more loopholes in the current Senate version of Chris Dodd 's legislation , at least as far as the shadow banking ( i.e. : hedge and private equity funds , etc. ) sector is concerned .
Shadow Banking
Prospect.org Nomi Prins April 26 , 2010 Reforms pending in Congress would not touch the abuses of hedge funds and private equity .
Despite all the noise about financial reform , the shadow banking system that helped create the financial crisis would remain fundamentally unaltered by the legislation now pending in Congress .
Indeed , leveraged entities such as private - equity , venture - capital , and hedge funds get only minor regulatory attention .
-- SNIP-- ... neither the House bill passed last December nor the most recent Senate bill submitted by Sen. Chris Dodd does more than impose marginal adjustments on the shadow banking system .
Even those measures contain loopholes so inviting that JPMorgan Chase , the largest hedge - fund manager by assets worldwide , scoffs at the notion it will be adversely affected .
... Loophole No. 1 : Private - equity funds are financial - pyramid bottom - feeders ; they buy distressed companies or assets , load them up with debt , extract near - term profit , and are gone before any collapse occurs .
... Loophole No. 2 : Neither the Senate nor the House bill alters the way in which hedge and private - equity funds do business .
... Loophole No. 3 : Under the Senate bill , foreign - based firms that are n't directly or indirectly controlled by a firm organized under U.S. laws are exempted .
... Loophole No. 4 : Though large banks like JPMorgan Chase and Goldman Sachs run hedge funds , the language in Dodd 's bill does n't prohibit a bank from managing the portfolio of a client who chooses to invest in hedge funds .
And , then there 's the manipulation of the looting of Main Street by Wall Street in the MSM ...
# # #
Those " great " Gross Domestic Product ( G.D.P. ) numbers we 've been hearing about for the past three quarters , as recently as last Friday ?
Economist Dean Baker informs us otherwise : " GDP Growth : It 's the Inventories Stupid ! "
GDP Growth : It 's the Inventories Stupid !
Dean Baker
Center for Economic and Policy Research ( CEPR )
Friday , 30 April 2010 10:52
This is in the preemptive strike category .
It seems from initial reports that no one bothered to notice that half of this quarter 's GDP growth ( 1.6 percentage points ) was driven by inventory accumulation .
If we pull out inventories , final demand grew at a 1.6 percent annual rate , almost exactly the same as the 1.7 percent rate in the 4th quarter of 2009 and the 1.5 percent rate in the 3rd quarter of 2009 .
In other words , we are still looking at a very weak economy ; one far weaker than would be expected coming out of such a severe downturn and one which may not even be growing fast enough to create any jobs at all .
# # #
Our great " industrial rebound , " a/k / a " Is This ' The Unrecovery ? ' "
GM ' close to commiting fraud ' in ad , lawmaker charges
Last Updated : April 29 .
2010 10:27 PM
David Shepardson / Detroit News Washington Bureau Washington --
A senior Republican criticized General Motors Co. decision to run television advertisements featuring the company 's CEO that tout its repayment of $ 6.7 billion in government loans .
Rep. Darrell Issa , R - Calif. , the ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , said in a letter obtained by The Detroit News today to GM chairman and CEO Edward Whitacre Jr. that the company " has come dangerously close to committing fraud and that you might have colluded with the U.S. Treasury to deceive the American public . "
Gretchen Morgenson , in Sunday 's NY Times , provides even greater detail on this over - the - top spin : " Repaying Taxpayers With Their Own Cash . "
Repaying Taxpayers With Their Own Cash
By GRETCHEN MORGENSON
New York Times
May 2 , 2010 AS we inch closer to a clearer understanding of the products and practices that unleashed the credit crisis of 2008 , it 's becoming apparent that those seeking the whole truth are still outnumbered by those aiming to obscure it .
This is the case not only on Wall Street but also in Washington .
... G.M. trumpeted its escape from the program as evidence that it had turned the corner in its operations .
" G.M. is able to repay the taxpayers in full , with interest , ahead of schedule , because more customers are buying vehicles like the Chevrolet Malibu and Buick LaCrosse , " boasted Edward E. Whitacre Jr. , its chief executive .
G.M. also crowed about its loan repayment in a national television ad and the United States Treasury also marked the moment with a press release : " We are encouraged that G.M. has repaid its debt well ahead of schedule and confident that the company is on a strong path to viability , " said Timothy F. Geithner , the Treasury secretary .
Taxpayers are naturally eager for news about bailout repayments .
But what neither G.M. nor the Treasury disclosed was that the company simply used other funds held by the Treasury to pay off its original loan .
Neil M. Barofsky , the inspector general overseeing the troubled asset program , revealed this detail when he spoke before the Senate Finance Committee on April 20 ...
And , then there 's the story of Caterpillar .
Frequently used as the poster child for industrial recovery over at Bloomberg.com and in other business press outlets , their spin makes sense , except when you zoom - in on the facts : " Is This ' The Unrecovery ' ? "
Is This ' The Unrecovery ' ?
( via Seeking Alpha )
by : Michael Panzner April 27 , 2010 According to the world 's largest maker of construction equipment , the global economy is humming on all cylinders : Caterpillar ( CAT ) raised its prediction for world economic growth in 2010 to 3.5 percent , from 3 percent in its previous forecast .
The U.S. may expand 3.5 percent while developing countries may grow more than 6 percent , the company said .
" Economic conditions are definitely improving , particularly in the world 's developing economies , " Chief Executive Officer James Owens said in the statement .
" Industry activity and orders are significantly higher than last year and are at record levels in some areas . "
But , as we learn by reading more , the numbers tell us a different story once you read about Caterpillar 's actual statistical facts :
-- Caterpillar 's sales are down 21 % versus the first three months of 2009 ( at the so - called depths of the recession ) ;
-- 2010 revenue dropped 11 % to $ 8.24 billion quarter versus ( year - earlier ) quarter
-- Caterpillar 's results came in well below the Thomson Reuters forecast of $ 8.84 billion
-- Machinery sales were down 1 % versus a year ago
-- North American machinery sales were down 15 % versus year ago nos .
... So how did we get big increases ?
Asia , up 40 % .
Yep , that matters , and it's what drove the results .
Engine sales were even worse , off 28 % , and even in Asia they were down , in that case 15 % .
The street is cheering this report on the back of everyone and their brother pumping the company ( most especially the fools on CNBS ) but the facts are what they are .
With no revenue increases you can argue for improving profit due to firing huge numbers of people all you want , but the top - line , particularly in America , is horribly bad and does not point to any sort of turn - around in construction equipment sales of any sort , nor any improvement in over - the - road trucks and other engine markets ( such as marine . )
Maybe we should start calling it the " unrecovery " ?
# # #
Yes , it 's all about those Wall Street masters of the universe that pretty much run everything .
I 'm talking about Morgan Stanley , J.P. Morgan , Citigroup , Bank of America and ... drumroll please ... everyone 's favorite vampire squid , Goldman - Sachs : " The Feds vs. Goldman . "
Even Matt Taibbi is saying that we 've reached a critical juncture .
The Feds vs. Goldman
Rolling Stone Magazine
( This article originally appeared in RS 1104 from May 13 , 2010 . )
By Matt Taibbi
Apr 26 , 2010 5:30 PM EDT ... The truth is that what Goldman is alleged to have done in this SEC case is even worse than what all these assholes laughed at us for talking about last year .
... ... I had heard rumors that Goldman had gone out and intentionally scared up toxic mortgages and swaps in order to get short of them with sucker bookies like AIG .
But - and this seems funny in retrospect - I foolishly dismissed those tales as being too conspiratorial .
I thought it was bad enough that Goldman was shorting the subprime market even as it was selling toxic subprime - backed securities to chumps on the open market .
The notion that the bank would actually go out and create big balls of crap that would be designed to fail seemed too nuts even for my tastes .
In the year since - and this , to me , is the main lesson from the SEC case against Goldman - the public has quickly come to accept that when it comes to the once - great institutions of modern Wall Street , literally no deal that makes money is too low to be contemplated .
Taibbi also tells us of a " ... nearly identical case involving a Merrill Lynch mortgage deal called Norma now making its way through the courts .
... There is more fraud out there , and everyone knows it : front - running , manipulation of the commodities markets , trading ahead of interest - rate moves , hidden losses , Enron - esque accounting , Ponzi schemes in the precious - metals markets , you name it .
We gave these people nearly a trillion bailout dollars , and no one knows what service they actually provide beyond fraud , gross self - indulgence and the occasional transparently insincere public apology .
The Goldman case emerges as a symbol of all this brokenness ...
As usual , Taibbi is miles beyond " definitely worth a read . "
As even the ubersarcastic Taibbi tells us , it 's about cutting off the status quo at their knees .
At this moment , and given the shifting tide of public opinion against Wall Street , even he acknowledges some hope that something positive for Main Street might come of all of this .
# # #
IMHO , as our Wall Street mega - firms falsely claim that the costs relating to their potential breakup would be astronomical , even if it just involved a forced spinoff of their derivatives business , the truth is , as we 're now finding out about thanks to Bloomberg and to a head 's - up from Jesse at his Crossroads Cafe blog , at least two major U.S. banks , JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley , may be in serious PIIGS ' sh*t due to the sovereign debt crisis / contagion in Europe : " When You Lie Down With Them Dept : Morgan Stanley Has 69 % Tier 1 Capital Exposure to the PIIGS . "
Bloomberg
JPMorgan Has Biggest Exposure to Debt Risks in Europe
By Gavin Finch April 29 ( Bloomberg ) -- JPMorgan Chase & Co. , the second - biggest U.S. bank by assets , has a larger exposure than any of its peers to Portugal , Italy , Ireland , Greece and Spain , according to Wells Fargo & Co. JPMorgan 's exposure to the five so - called PIIGS countries is $ 36.3 billion , equating to 28 percent of the firm 's Tier - 1 capital , a measure of financial strength , Wells Fargo analysts including Matthew Burnell wrote today .
Morgan Stanley holds $ 32.4 billion of debt in the region , which equates to 69 percent of its Tier 1 capital , Burnell wrote .
" Regulatory data suggests JPMorgan 's exposure is largest in aggregate , but Morgan Stanley held the largest aggregate exposure to the PIIGS relative to Tier 1 capital , " the analysts wrote .
Overall U.S. bank " exposure to Greece is lower than exposure to
Ireland , Italy and Spain . "
-- SNIP-- U.S. banks held a total of $ 236.8 billion of exposure to the five nations , including $ 18.1 billion to Greece , Wells Fargo said .
European banks have claims totaling $ 193.1 billion on Greece , according to the Bank for International Settlements , with another $ 832.2 billion of claims on Spain .
This begs yet another reason why America must break - up the too - big - to - fail banks .
George Washington provides us with five more reasons to do this , in his post over at Naked Capitalism , Friday ...
( Diarist has received authorization from Naked Capitalism Publisher Yves Smith to reprint diaries that appear on her blog in their entirety , here on Daily Kos . )
# # #
Guest Post : 5 Reasons We Must Break Up the Giant Banks
George Washington
Washington 's Blog
3:40 PM Friday , April 30 , 2010
Washington 's Blog
As everyone from Paul Krugman to Simon Johnson has noted , the banks are so big and politically powerful that they have bought the politicians and captured the regulators .
But the giant banks are not only dangerous because they skew the political system .
There are five economic arguments against the mega - banks as well .
Impaired Competition
Fortune pointed out last February that the only reason that smaller banks have n't been able to expand and thrive is that the too - big - to - fails have decreased competition :
Growth for the nation 's smaller banks represents a reversal of trends from the last twenty years , when the biggest banks got much bigger and many of the smallest players were gobbled up or driven under ...
As big banks struggle to find a way forward and rising loan losses threaten to punish poorly run banks of all sizes , smaller but well capitalized institutions have a long - awaited chance to expand .
So the very size of the giants squashes competition .
Less Loans , More Bonuses
Small banks have been lending much more than the big boys .
The giant banks which received taxpayer bailouts actually slashed lending more , gave higher bonuses , and reduced costs less than banks which did n't get bailed out .
Lack of Transparency in Derivatives
JP Morgan Chase , Bank of America , Goldman Sachs , Citigroup , and Morgan Stanley together hold 80 % of the country 's derivatives risk , and 96 % of the exposure to credit derivatives .
Experts say that derivatives will never be reined in until the mega - banks are broken up .
Increased Debt Problems
As I pointed out in December 2008 :
The Bank for International Settlements ( BIS ) is often called the " central banks ' central bank " , as it coordinates transactions between central banks .
BIS points out in a new report that the bank rescue packages have transferred significant risks onto government balance sheets , which is reflected in the corresponding widening of sovereign credit default swaps :
The scope and magnitude of the bank rescue packages also meant that significant risks had been transferred onto government balance sheets .
This was particularly apparent in the market for CDS referencing sovereigns involved either in large individual bank rescues or in broad - based support packages for the financial sector , including the United States .
While such CDS were thinly traded prior to the announced rescue packages , spreads widened suddenly on increased demand for credit protection , while corresponding financial sector spreads tightened .
In other words , by assuming huge portions of the risk from banks trading in toxic derivatives , and by spending trillions that they do n't have , central banks have put their countries at risk from default .
Now , Greece , Portugal , Spain and many other European countries - as well as the U.S. and Japan - are facing serious debt crises .
See this , this and this .
By failing to break up the giant banks , the government is guaranteeing that they will take crazily risky bets again and again and again .
We are no longer wealthy enough to keep bailing out the bloated banks .
We have serious debt problems .
See this , this and this .
( Anyone who claims that Chris Dodd 's proposed " reform " legislation will prevent banks from getting bailed out again is wrong .
If the giant banks are n't broken up now - when they are threatening to take down the world economy - they wo n't be broken up next time they become insolvent , either .
And see this . )
Unfair Competition and Manipulation of Markets
Moreover , Richard Alford - former New York
Fed economist , trading floor economist and strategist - recently showed that banks that get too big benefit from " information asymmetry " which disrupts the free market .
Nobel prize winning economist Joseph Stiglitz noted in September that giants like Goldman are using their size to manipulate the market :
" The main problem that Goldman raises is a question of size : `too big to fail . '
In some markets , they have a significant fraction of trades .
Why is that important ?
They trade both on their proprietary desk and on behalf of customers .
When you do that and you have a significant fraction of all trades , you have a lot of information . "
Further , he says , " That raises the potential of conflicts of interest , problems of front - running , using that inside information for your proprietary desk .
And that 's why the Volcker report came out and said that we need to restrict the kinds of activity that these large institutions have .
If you 're going to trade on behalf of others , if you 're going to be a commercial bank , you can't engage in certain kinds of risk - taking behavior . "
The giants ( especially Goldman Sachs ) have also used high - frequency program trading which not only distorted the markets - making up more than 70 % of stock trades - but which also let the program trading giants take a sneak peak at what the real ( aka " human " ) traders are buying and selling , and then trade on the insider information .
See this , this , this and this .
( This is frontrunning , which is illegal ; but it is a lot bigger than garden variety frontrunning , because the program traders are not only trading based on inside knowledge of what their own clients are doing , they are also trading based on knowledge of what all other traders are doing ) .
Goldman also admitted that its proprietary trading program can " manipulate the markets in unfair ways " .
The giant banks have also allegedly used their Counterparty Risk Management Policy Group ( CRMPG ) to exchange secret information and formulate coordinated mutually beneficial actions , all with the government 's blessings .
Again , size matters .
If a bunch of small banks did this , manipulation by numerous small players would tend to cancel each other out .
But with a handful of giants doing it , it can manipulate the entire economy in ways which are not good for the American citizen .
No wonder virtually every independent economist and financial expert is calling for the big banks to be broken up .
Some argue that it is logistically impossible to break up the behemoths .
But if we broke up Standard Oil , we can break up the giant banks as well .
# # #
As economists and authors Simon Johnson and James Kwak emphatically point out , dealing with the " Too - Big - To - Fail " firms is a task too important and " Too Big for Us to Fail . "
Too Big for Us to Fail
Simon Johnson and James Kwak
Prospect.org
April 26 , 2010 ...
Even as the ideology of deregulation has been exposed as a failure , the banks and their political allies are still invoking the bogeyman of big government to fight off financial reform .
Political consultant Frank Luntz clearly spelled out the strategy to demonize reform by branding it as more bureaucracy , bailouts , and special - interest loopholes .
This has created the Orwellian specter of Republicans introducing special - interest loopholes into reform legislation ( such as an exemption for automobile dealers from the proposed Consumer Financial Protection Agency , introduced by Rep. John Campbell , a Republican ) and then criticizing the same legislation for its loopholes .
-- SNIP-- ... the financial crisis hurt the megabanks ' profits ( for a quarter or two , at least ) , it did nothing to weaken their political power .
If anything , increased concentration only increased the stature and influence of the survivors , and the Supreme Court 's 2009 decision in Citizens United put politicians on notice that corporate influence over politics is likely only to grow ... *
What would it take to curb the political power of the financial sector ? ''
-- SNIP-- ... Breaking up the megabanks , by increasing competition and increasing the costs of collective action , would help most of all ...
# # #
Yes , Senators Sherrod Brown ( D - OH ) and Ted Kaufman ( D - DE ) have just the ticket for getting Main Street back in control of its government .
It 's called " The Safe Banking Act , " and it 's now being proposed as an amendment to the financial services regulatory reform legislation currently up for floor debate in the Senate .
The SAFE Banking Act : Break Them Up
by Simon Johnson , co-author of 13 Bankers .
The Baseline Scenario
April 22 , 2010 ... The proposal places hard leverage and size caps on financial institutions .
It is well crafted , based on a great deal of hard thinking , and -- as reported on the front page of The New York Times this week -- the issue has the potential to draw a considerable amount of support .
-- SNIP--
In the American political system -- where the power of major banks is now so manifest -- there is no way to significantly reduce the risks posed by these banks unless they are broken up .
These banks are so powerful that they can confront and defy the government , as seen in the twists and turns of the S.E.C. versus Goldman Sachs case .
-- SNIP-- The S.E.C. case against Goldman has created a great opportunity for the Democrats because it exposes details regarding exactly how big banks are mismanaged and why they treat many of their customers in an unreasonable manner .
The electorate now completely understands -- even more clearly than a week ago -- that the attitudes and compensation structure of the largest banks lie at the heart of our current macroeconomic difficulties .
-- SNIP--
As political logic inserts itself more and more into the economic debate on banking , there is a real possibility that Senators Brown and Kaufman have exactly what the Democrats ( and the country ) needs .
# # #
After thirty years of tolerating rampant fraud perpetrated by a financial services sector and a status quo that runs roughshod over our government and our society , as a whole , IMHO , I truly believe that strong support ( leading to the eventual passage ) of the Brown - Kaufman legislation currently before our Senate is a critical step towards the critical goal of Main Street 's efforts to regain some semblance of sanity and control of ( and financial parity within ) our economy and , subsequently , our future .
Sanity must prevail .
Because when it gets to the point where taxpayer support of our largest , still - insolvent banks trumps the basic well - being of scores of millions of those within our society , nothing else will suffice .
Call your representatives and senators and remind them that the Constitution tells us that " banks do n't own the place , " voters do .
Support the Brown - Kaufman amendment (s ) to financial services regulatory reform .
It 's time to take our country back .
George Soros , speaking at a meeting organized by The Economist , warns all those who are throwing their money into the equity pit , that " the financial world is on the wrong track and that we may be hurtling towards an even bigger boom and bust than in the credit crisis . "
Advice from Soros or from CNBC .
You decide .
Reuters reports that Soros said " the same strategy of borrowing and spending that had got us out of the Asian crisis could shunt us towards another crisis unless tough lessons are learned . "
We hope all those who are buying stocks have very tight stop loss triggers .
“ The success in bailing out the system on the previous occasion led to a superbubble , except that in 2008 we used the same methods , ” he told a meeting hosted by The Economist at the City of London ’s modern and impressive Haberdashers ’
Hall .
“ Unless we learn the lessons , that markets are inherently unstable and that stability needs to the objective of public policy , we are facing a yet larger bubble .
“ We have added to the leverage by replacing private credit with sovereign credit and increasing national debt by a significant amount . ”
The one thing allowing those invested to sleep at night is the observation that it took 10 years between the 1998 Asian crisis and the 2008 credit crisis .
" If the pattern is repeated , it should at least mean we have another 8 years to go before the next crash . "
We would take the under on that .
In 1998 and all the way through 2008 , developed countries as a percentage of their GDPs were at most half od where they are now .
At this point the entire credit house of cards continues to exist only so long as credit conditions for US sovereign debt can be massaged by the Fed enough that the world forgets there are is $ 10 trillion in debt issuance on deck over the next decade ( a conservative estimate ) .
It is a virtual impossibility that the money printer of even what may still be considered the reserve currency ( although that distinction is rapidly shifting back to gold once again ) can withhold a multi-trillion issuance onslaught and a multi-trillion corporate / CRE refi wave with 10 Years at under 4 % .
The next crisis will , as Soros points out , begin in the sovereign debt arena .
In fact , it has already begun .
Here is Reuters with an extended report on Greece 's formal request for IMF aid .
Net result - add another $ 560 billion in public leverage to the system .
h/t Chris
High - def TV , phone optional : Archos 5 32 GB Internet Tablet with Android
What it is : A multimedia player that also plays high - def TV , surfs the Internet , includes GPS and can support many other Android applications .
Why it 's interesting :
On its own , the device requires Wi-Fi to connect to the Internet , but it can also link to a Bluetooth equipped 3.5G phone .
List price : $ 369.95
More info .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
See , I do n't think those guys understand what " review " means .
And of course , they could n't make it through their crusade without the ever - present " we 'll just pirate it instead ! " threat .
The , " they 're treating us like animals , so let 's shit on their floor ! " line of thinking is the hallmark of teenagers in full teenager mode .
It 's no wonder gamers get portrayed in the media as impulsive and immature :
... and why it 's so hard to convince people the infamous " WoW freakout " video is a fake :
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Come on , guys .
We 've got a reputation to outgrow .
From now on , let 's shove the remote control of maturity up our ass instead .
David Wong is the Editor of Cracked.com and the author of the comedy horror novel John Dies at the End , currently banned in 72 countries .
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article ?
Then sign up for our writers workshop !
Know way too much about a random topic ?
Create a topic page and you could be on the front page of Cracked .com tomorrow !
To see how you can start turning around these stereotypes , study the 10 Video Games That Should Be Considered Modern Art .
Or learn the dark inside secrets of the industry in 5 Creepy Ways Video Games Are Trying to Get You Addicted .
And stop by our Top Picks ( Updated 05.21.10 ) to see why the Internet gets such a bad rap .
And do n't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get dick jokes sent straight to your news feed .
Is Equity Release An Ideal Option ?
You slaved during your working years in the fashion industry , and now you ’re looking to make something of your own .
Using the home equity calculator , you can figure out how much equity you ’re eligible for and start building your billion - dollar fashion house !
It ’s never too late to become the next Donna Karan !
Managing Cat & Dog Allergies
Your best friend just started her fashion business .
However , she keeps taking her cat to the office , and now there ’s cat hair build - up on her designer carpets .
She ’s been asking you for help , and you keep telling her to invest in a pet hair vacuum , but she does n’t believe it ’ll help .
After days of using the dustbuster , all her problems and even unidentified allergies are gone , thanks to the incredible pet hair hoover !
How Unemployed Drivers Can Save on Auto Insurance
Your dressmaking business has been struggling for a while now , and the current economic shit is n’t helping .
Your bills have been piling up , and your auto insurance company is n’t giving you a break .
Well , it ’s time to make some changes , and you can start by reducing your car insurance policy .
You can do this by checking out some cheap car insurance quotes online and installing a reliable telematics device to help you out !
What to Look for in a Work Boot
You got the job you ’ve always wanted , working in the construction business .
However , now you have to get the PPEs and look for a pair of the best working boots for men to help keep you cozy and safe all you ’ll be on your feet all day .
By checking out some reviews online , you can get the right pair and be on your way to making some much - needed cash for your family !
How to Make Your First Trip as a Mom Comfortably
You need to visit your parents in Luxemburg , but you do n’t have the right car seat for your child .
She recently hit 16 months , and you think it ’s time to switch her baby seat to the best convertible car seat for small cars .
With the help of the internet and shopping around , you can find the best convertible car seat for her and be on your merry way .
( Natural News )
The Obama Administration is coming under increasing fire for failing to take a strong stance against the destructive form of coal mining known as mountaintop removal .
In mountaintop removal , miners use dynamite and earth movers to blow up entire mountain peaks in order to remove the coal beneath .
The rubble from these peaks is then pushed into adjoining valleys , often leading to devastating flooding as waterways are blocked .
In an article published in the journal , a group of ecologists , engineers and hydrologists calls on the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and U.S. Army Corp of Engineers to reject all permit requests for mountaintop removal mines .
In support of this position , the letter writers analyzed studies on the environmental effects of the mines both on - site and downstream , concluding that they have " harmful consequences for both aquatic and terrestrial ecosystems . "
The researchers also catalogued health effects on local communities including increased rates of lung cancer , kidney disease and early death .
"
The scientific evidence of the severe environmental and human impacts from mountaintop mining is strong and irrefutable , " said lead author Margaret Palmer of the University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science .
The EPA responded to the report by saying that it " underscores EPA 's own scientific analysis regarding the substantial environmental , water and health impacts that result from mountaintop mining operations .
"
Yet the agency just recently approved new and massive mountaintop removal mine in West Virginia .
"
The permit that the EPA just released this week is not consistent with what the scientists are saying , " said Joan Mulhern of Earthjustice .
" The Obama Administration has pledged in general to . . . do what the science dictates .
This unequivocal new study has got to drive them to phase out the practice .
" Scientists and environmentalists have criticized the administration for continuing to approve mountaintop removal mines even after promising to follow the best science on the issue .
Sources for this story include : www.latimes.com
Welcome to our free WordPress themes gallery .
We specialize in themes for personal and professional blogs , but you will also find some of our themes are appropriate for company websites , magazine layouts , and more .
Feel free to browse !
First you will need to create a WordPress blog before you can install our themes .
Once you have installed WordPress.org you can easily upload any of our themes with the zip file uploader , or simply search for our themes in the WordPress admin area .
PALO ALTO , CA — According to a report released Monday by Stanford 's Institute For Psychotherapeutic Study , depression , America 's leading mental illness , hits losers worse than any other segment of society .
Advertisement
Losers , sad excuses for human beings who have no reason to feel good about themselves or their failed , miserable lives , are approximately 25 times as likely to suffer the emotionally crippling effects of depression as any other group researched , the study claims .
Worse yet , the prospects for successful treatment of depression among the loser populace are " poor at best , " the study found .
The reason :
Most losers are such hopeless lost causes that they can never get a life , no matter how hard they try , and are " doomed to repeat their mistakes forever , living out their pathetic existence as little more than human garbage . "
Advertisement
" People who are depressed are gripped by painful feelings of shame , hopelessness and low self - esteem , " said Dr. Anne Wyler - Hustad , head of the Stanford team .
" Losers are much more likely to internalize these emotions , as they are miserable little nothings , devoid of any value as people . "
Noted therapist Eli Wasserbaum agreed .
" Because they are so inherently inferior to regular people , many losers feel — quite correctly — that their lives are not worth living , " Wasserbaum said .
" Nobody cares about them , they are alone , they can't hold down a job , they have no money .
Even their own families hate them .
Life has passed them by .
What 's the point in their even going on ? "
Advertisement
According to the Stanford study , losers are five times more likely to suffer from negative sexual self - images than non-losers , usually because they are fat and ugly , and nobody in their right mind would ever want to date them .
Further , negative feelings such as despair , self - loathing and hopelessness are three times as common among go - nowhere lowlife losers than among normal people who are not worthless as human beings .
A depressed loser cowers in a corner .
According to a new Stanford University study , there is no hope for such people .
Advertisement
The study also indicates that , because nobody would miss them if they died , losers are nine times as likely to attempt suicide as worthwhile people .
" From the true loser 's point of view , the compulsion to inflict self - harm seems to be ' the only way out . '
This is true , " Wyler - Hustad said .
" Lord knows why they do n't just do us all a favor and blow their heads off once and for all .
I know I would if I were a loser like that . "
But is there any hope for these losers ?
Can they get better ?
According to Stanford researchers , the answer is a resounding no .
Advertisement
" The depressed patient suffers from severe , delusional feelings of worthlessness , " the study read .
" But through therapy , the majority of those people are able to overcome their depression by slowly discovering that these negative beliefs are not true .
In the case of losers , however , such negative self - images are not delusional , but instead reflect the truth about their lack of worth .
This makes the loser 's chances of suffering depression far more likely , and their prognosis for recovery slim to none . "
With over one million Americans on Prozac , depression remains America 's leading mental illness .
But while most patients can expect to benefit from the drug , mental health experts agree that losers will not be helped by prescription drug therapy or , for that matter , anything at all .
Advertisement
" Losers , despite their profound , constant state of despair , are hated by others as much as they hate themselves , " said Theodore Foti , director of the famed Rochester Institute For Mental Health .
" They have no friends because they are , quite simply , too pathetic and useless for anyone to care about .
How could anyone possibly expect a little pill to cure a problem like that ?
Give me a break . "
Because of their severe , profound " loserdom , " realistic treatment options for depressed losers are almost nil , the Stanford report concludes .
Advertisement
" The only treatment that makes any sense is loathing and rejection , " Wyler - Hustad noted .
" It is only logical that stupid , fat , ugly , bed - wetting , crybaby losers be shunned as outcasts and be treated with the hatred and disrespect they so richly deserve . "
Tagging along at Schumacher 's heel is a blond lad with a big future .
Not that you would know it .
Nico Rosberg is temporarily cast in the role of the other bloke .
He does n't require a name .
None uses it .
No 2 is a dirty word in Formula One .
The Mercedes hierarchy insist that neither driver is above the other .
That is not how the public see it .
People spend the first half of their lives accumulating stuff and the last half getting rid of it .
That ’s the story of eBay .
And of my parents — except for the getting - rid - of - it part .
If their life were a Frank Capra movie , it would be called “ You Ca n’t Throw It Away . ”
Or , in the language of reality TV : “ Hoarders : Rubber - Band and Rotary - Phone Edition . ”
Which is great if you want to put your hands on that lifelike machine gun you had when you were 9 .
But not so great when it comes time to sell the house .
We ’re talking 50 years ’ worth of stuff .
The prospect of clearing it out had been looming for a while .
My mother had n’t lived there in two years , after a fall sent her into a nursing home .
My dad died in ’ 97 .
The place was empty , except for a student who rented the top floor for $ 400 a month and my occasional visits from L.A .
Not the wisest use of a three - story Tudor in the heart of Toronto right now , with the city in the throes of an overheated real estate market .
My parents bought the house in 1960 and started filling it with furniture , art , books , LPs , photos , china , silver , crystal , keepsakes and , yes , black rotary phones as heavy as anvils .
Memories attached to all of it .
And all of it had to go somewhere .
This was on me , their only child .
So in March , I gave myself a week .
No wife .
No kids .
No boozing with high - school buddies .
I was racing the clock from the minute I landed .
Chadroulette
Posted by Pete Berg on Tuesday , April 27th , 2010 at 6:37 pm
“ Yo , it ’s just like Chatroulette , but with awesome bros named Chad ! ”
Enjoy the latest from Back of the Class !
WASHINGTON , April 21 ( Reuters ) - The Democratic Senate financial reform bill would reduce the U.S. budget deficit by $ 21 billion over the next 10 years , according to a cost estimate by the Congressional Budget Office obtained by Reuters on Wednesday .
The estimated reduction in the budget deficit over the 2011 - 2020 period stems largely from charging the financial industry assessments for a fund to liquidate large , troubled financial firms , the office said .
The bill authored by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd is designed to ensure that no financial firm is too big to fail .
( Reporting by Rachelle Younglai and Karey Wutkowski ; Editing by Leslie Adler )
Anyone expecting M.I.A. to ease her way back into public consciousness gradually obviously does n't remember that her biggest hit of all time features some gunshots as part of the chorus .
With " Born Free , " Maya Arulpragasam manages to find a far more intense , manic musical backdrop for her rhetoric than " Paper Planes . "
Couple that with a Romain Gavras - directed music video that is among the most unsettling Crossfade has ever seen ( he also created a similarly
unsettling Justice clip ) .
Not for the faint at heart , or for those with meddlesome managers who like to lean over your shoulder at your desk .
Watch at your own risk after the jump .
M.I.A , Born Free from ROMAIN - GAVRAS on Vimeo .
A former Barclays Bank programmer received 46 months in prison for helping TJX hacker Albert Gonzalez launder as much as $ 800,000 , according to news reports .
Humza Zaman , 33 , was also fined $ 75,000 and ordered to undergo three years of court supervision once he 's released .
He pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy last April .
He 's the second person to be sentenced in a massive ring of credit card hacks that hit TJX , Office Max , Heartland Payment systems and others .
According to prosecutors , Zaman helped kingpin Gonzalez launder between $ 600,000 and $ 800,000 , in at least some of the cases , by shipping cash through Federal Express .
The international hacker had more than $ 1 m buried in his back yard .
Prosecutors also alleged Zaman used his position at Barclays to get ATM transaction logs for the bank and turn them over to Gonzalez .
There 's no evidence to show the data was ever used .
Much more from Wired.com and ComputerWorld is here and here . ®
Description :
The coolest birthday candle ever created .
Hands down .
Tagged for : Fire , Cool , Gadget
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
WORLD EXCLUSIVE : First Video Of Larry King & Wife With Her Lover
WORLD EXCLUSIVE : First Video Of Larry King & Wife With Her Lover
WORLD EXCLUSIVE : First Video Of Larry King & Wife With Her Lover
Explosive video footage obtained exclusively by RadarOnline.com shows for the very first time Larry King , his wife Shawn and her lover Hector Penate together !
The video was shot at May 24 , 2008 the King ’s son Cannon ’s 10th birthday party .
Our exclusive video , taken while Shawn ’s affair with Hector was in full swing , is the first look at a situation that has become much - talked about in the talk show host ’s divorce .
At one point , Shawn ’s lover Hector helps Larry as he struggles to rise from kneeling in the grass .
The video shows Hector pulling up Larry .
It ’s the first look at a key situation in Larry ’s divorce story and Hector ’s presence is striking to watch .
As the kids played football , Larry also shared a private chat on the sidelines with Hector .
Larry even introduced Penate to some of his high - powered Hollywood .
The Kings filed for divorce against each other earlier this month but are now on a two week hold on all legal activities as they resolve matters involving their children .
Penate told of his affair with Shawn in recent televised interviews .
The day of our video Hector , despite his ongoing affair with Shawn , spent more time with Larry .
Hector said Larry was “ like a second dad to me , ” a source tells RadarOnline.com .
Baseball Coach Says Larry King Knew Of His Affair With Shawn
The party was a sports - themed bash on the lavish grounds of the landmark Los Angeles Temple , Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints .
Shawn , who was raised Mormon in Utah , is a member of the temple .
The Kings hosted 200 guests including parents and kids , for a fun - filled day of football .
The couple even bought all the kids personalized jerseys .
As reported by RadarOnline.com , Penate first met the King family at Cannon ’s ninth birthday party at Dodger Stadium in 2007 .
Hector has since revealed his affair with Shawn began soon after that party when he went to work for the Kings full - time to tutor both Cannon and younger brother Chace in baseball .
Estranged Larry & Shawn King Meet Up At Son ’s Baseball Game
Penate rolled up to the party in a BMW 7 Series that he recently revealed Shawn bought him — one of the many lavish gifts the private baseball coach received during the affair .
The video clearly shows how close Penate got to the King family as he casually chilled out throwing the football up in the air .
“ Shawn and Hector seemed to try to avoid each other as much as possible , ” a guest at the party tells RadarOnline.com exclusively , “ although there was some occasional flirting .
I saw a touch here , a glance there .
Now , post - divorce filing , Shawn is living in her Beverly Hills mansion with her two sons while Larry is in a nearby luxury hotel and continuing to host his CNN talk show .
Larry King Living In Hotel
When the U.S. Air Force launched its secret space plane last month , speculation about the X - 37B 's true purpose ran wild .
Some conjectured that it might be a prototype for an orbiting bomber .
Others warned of " a johnny - on - the - spot weapons platform to take out the satellite assets of an enemy . "
Prominent members of the Russian military establishment screamed that Moscow needed to build up its own space arsenal , ASAP .
The British press , meanwhile , made dark insinuations about " the testing of new laser weapon systems " in space .
The reality is probably less exotic .
In all likelihood , the space plane is another way for the American military to spy on its foes from on high .
That 's the conclusion of a new report from the Secure World Foundation , provided to Danger Room .
" Although there does n't appear to be any one mission that justifies the X - 37B program , the ability to flight - test new sensors and hardware before they go into full development , combined with a more timely , flexible way to conduct surveillance , is why I think this program is going forward , " says former Air Force Space and Missile officer Brian Weeden , the report 's primary author .
The Pentagon used to turn to the Space Shuttle from time to time to deliver spy satellites into orbit .
But the Shuttle is about to be retired .
Enter the X - 37B – an unmanned , smaller - scale version of the reusable spacecraft .
Not only can it carry signals and intelligence sensors in its payload bay .
But because it can stay in space for weeks or months at a time , the X - 37B can give those new sensors time to be put into action .
The " ability to re-configure the payload bay contents for various sensor packages would make it much more flexible than having to procure multiple satellites , " the report notes .
And " once in orbit , " the X - 37B could be much more maneuverable than current or planed satellites , " allowing for more flexible ground coverage . "
" Imagine there 's a flareup in one particular corner of the world , " Weeden adds .
" The battlefield commander there needs a certain space ISR [ intelligence surveillance reconnaissance ] capability .
You can slap those sensors from a rack into the X - 37B and fire away . "
Other missions are far less likely , Weeden believes .
Repairing ( or screwing with ) satellites in orbit would be tough – " not many existing operational military satellite components will fit in the X - 37B cargo bay , " the report notes .
Dropping bombs from the X - 37B seems even more far - fetched .
" Weapons dropped from [ its ] bay would need to be equipped with thrusters capable of performing a huge deorbit burn , [ which would be ] very difficult given [ the space plane 's ] small bay size , " according to the report .
What 's more , " X - 37B after re-entry would be a slow moving , not - very - maneuverable glide bomb , easy prey for any air defense system along its path to the target .... [ and ] having only few X - 37 Bs would not provide very timely coverage of potential ground targets . "
Not that the United States has ruled out space weapons entirely .
" My sense is there is not going to be a great tolerance for a significant offensive capability in space , " General James Cartwright told a Washington symposium yesterday .
" The question is , what ’s the right balance between defense and offense in space ? "
The X - 37B will almost certainly play a role in that debate – just not as a bomb - dropper .
[ Photo : Boeing ]
See Also :
Gonna get back on the bad comics horse later this week .
They were a really good way to practice joke writing without stressing about quality .
Stay tuuuuuuuned .
Dachbodenausbau Anleitung eBook ISBN 9783000142420
- dämmen und Trockenbau selbst machen
Das Besondere in diesem Handbuch sind die vielen Hinweise und Kniffe aus der Praxis , die in zahlreichen Bildern und Grafiken anschaulich dargestellt werden .
Damit sind Sie in der Lage schnell , preisgünstig und schadensfrei Ihr Dachboden auszubauen .
( Kurzbeschreibung ) Das E - Handbuch mit einem Umfang von 210 A4 - Seiten als doc- , pdf- Datei [ funktioniert auch unter Linux problemlos ] oder als Druckausgabe beinhaltet 218 Bilder / Skizzen , 12 Tabellen , 5 Anlagen und Online - Tools , ISBN 9783000142420 ( alt ISBN 3000142428 ) , ( 2004 ) mit Ergänzungen von 4/2014 .
Ansicht des eBooks
Sie können Bücher über Amazon kaufen oder auch einige Bücher kostenfrei als Download herunterladen .
Ein kostenfreies Probeexemplar zum Dachgeschoss als zip - Datei ( 600 KB ) herunterladen .
Autor : Peter Rauch Ph.D .
Faching . , Dipl.-Ing.-oec. , Ing.ök. , Ing .
Lehre als Baufacharbeiter , Forschung Biotechnologie , Technische Hochschule , Ingenieurbüro und Gutachter , eigene Sanierungsfirma sarl , ausführlich und Autorenseite auf Amazon.de
Referenz:Kundenrezensionen
Beschreibung und Auszüge auf Google - Buch
in der Sächsische Landesbibliothek
Kurzbeschreibung
Sie wollen den Dachboden selbst ausbauen ?
In diesem umfangreichen Handbuch werden die wichtigsten bauphysikalischen Zusammenhänge ( Feuchtigkeit , Wärmeschutz , Schallschutz ) sowie konstruktive Problembereiche und ihre Lösungsmöglichkeiten beim Trockenbau und Dachgeschossausbau per Text und mit 218 Bildern / Zeichnungen beschrieben .
Dieses
Buch ist speziell für die geschrieben , die Ihr Dachgeschoss nachträglich möglichst fehlerfrei selbst ausbauen möchten .
Natürlich finden auch Baufachleute wichtige Hinweise .
Statt einer schönen Dachwohnung können durch Baupfusch nach einigen Jahren große finanzielle Probleme entstehen ( siehe Beispielbilder ) .
Dieses Buch hilft Ihnen , diese Schäden zu vermeiden .
In diesem E - Handbuch werden folgende Themen behandelt :
Welche Dachformen oder Gauben gibt es und eignen sich dies für einen Dachausbau ?
Wie erfolgt eine richtige Wärmedämmung und wie ist die Dampfbremse fugendicht einzubauen .
( Ausführliche Beschreibung und Bilder / Zeichnungen . )
Welche bauphysikalischen Zusammenhänge sind zu beachten , um Bauschäden an der tragenden Holzkonstruktion ( Dachstuhl ) zu vermeiden ?
Hierzu werden Bildern aus der Praxis und Lösungsmöglichkeit dargestellt .
Wie kann man eine Überhitzung im Sommer ( Barackenklima ) vermeiden beziehungsweise mindern ?
Welche Baustoffe eignen sich für den Dachgeschossausbau und können verwendet werden ?
Welche Leistungen können
Sie selbst erbringen ?
Hierzu werden einzelne Bauteile mit der zweckmäßigen Materialauswahl und einer kurzen Montageanleitung beschrieben .
Welche Eigenschaften haben bestimmte Baustoffe und wo eignet sich ihr Einsatz ?
Es gibt eine Hilfe für die Kalkulation des Materialbedarfs .
Damit können Sie den Materialeinkauf optimieren .
Mit einer kleinen Einführung in die Kalkulation lassen sich die Baukosten abschätzen und so auch Angebote der Handwerkerfirmen vergleichen .
Warum als digitale Form ?
Günstige Herstellungskosten und damit sparen Sie Geld .
Es werden ständig neue wissenschaftliche und praktische Erkenntnisse eingearbeitet .
Bei einem späteren Download können Sie das eBook immer auf dem aktuellsten Stand halten .
Zusätzlicher Service durch direkten Zugriff auf die aktuellen Online - Datenbestände , wie zum Beispiel das Baulexikon mit über 2000 Begriffen zum Bauen , Baustoffe , Biologie und Bauchemie .
Ebenso können
Sie online unseren Baukostenrechner nutzen .
Gute Navigation und Begriffe können schnell über die Suchfelder der jeweiligen Programme gefunden werden .
Der Ausdruck beziehungsweise die Weiterverarbeitung einzelner Teilabschnitte für den Eigenbedarf ist zulässig , zum Beispiel als Arbeitsunterlagen für die Planung und Ausführung des Dachausbaus oder beim Materialeinkauf .
Lieferbedingung :
Das eBook ist als zip - Datei abgelegt .
Nach dem Download müssen
Sie die gepackte Datei auf Ihrem Rechner entpacken .
Alle Abschnitte des eBooks können wahlweise auf Ihrem Drucker ausgedruckt werden .
Sie können das eBook mit Paypal bezahlen und erhalten sofort den Zugangscode .
Sollten beim Download Probleme auftreten , so informieren Sie mich bitte per info ( AT ) ib- rauch.de , damit Sie möglichst schell das Buch erhalten . )
Sie können das eBook mit Paypal bezahlen und erhalten sofort den Zugangscode .
Oder über Amazon für Ihren Kindle eReader kaufen oder gratis lesen .
Lieferhinweise :
Das eBooks steht nur noch als Download bzw .
über Amazon zur Verfügung .
Da wir in verschiedenen Ländern tätig sind , können wir organisatorisch die Auslieferung des eBooks und der Druckversion über den Buchandel nicht absichern .
Um eine einfache Nutzung für alle Anwender zu gewährleisten , wurde auf einen komplizierten Kopier - und Passwortschutz beim Download verzichtet .
Auch in Ihrem Interesse beachten
Sie daher die üblichen Urheberrechte , speziell der unerlaubten Weitergabe an Dritte .
Sollten Sie aus unterschiedlichen Gründen das eBook verlieren , z . B. Computerabsturz , Löschung Festplatte usw .
so erhalten sie den Zugangscode natürlich kostenfrei und können sich das Buch erneut herunterladen .
Sie können sich jederzeit die aktuellere Version herunterladen .
Zur Übersicht der anderen Handbücher und Themenzusammenstellung zu den Themen Schimmelpilzbildung , Mauerfeuchtigkeit und Hausschwamm .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Investigators are treating a car bomb defused in New York ’s Times Square as an attempted terrorist attack but have no evidence to support a Taliban claim of responsibility , police said on Sunday .
Police are poring over surveillance camera footage and a device made of propane , gasoline and fireworks after officers , alerted by a street vendor , found the bomb in a vehicle on Saturday evening as Times Square was packed with tourists and theater - goers .
U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano called the scare a “ potential terrorist attack ” but she and other officials held off saying whether there was a link to Islamist groups or to a domestic cause in the United States .
A U.S. intelligence official told Reuters “ we just do n’t know at this point who may be behind this event . ”
“ Either way we should know more soon , ” said Paul Rogers , a terrorism expert at Britain ’s Bradford University .
“ Because the explosives did n’t go off , the forensics experts have a large amount of material in the vehicle to work on . ”
The Taliban in Pakistan said it planted the bomb to avenge the killing in April of al Qaeda ’s two top leaders in Iraq as well as U.S. interference in Muslim countries .
But New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said there was “ no evidence ” to support the Taliban ’s claim .
“ If this had detonated , in my judgment it would have caused casualties , a significant fireball , ” he said .
“ A terrorist act does n’t necessarily have to be conducted by an organization .
An individual can do it on their own . ”
Michael Cheah , senior portfolio manager at SunAmerica Asset Management , said the car bomb was an “ isolated incident ” that was not likely to spark any Treasury market reaction .
New York and its 8 million people have been on high alert since the September 11 attacks in 2001 when airliners hijacked by al Qaeda militants toppled the World Trade Center ’s twin towers , killing more than 2,600 people .
Last year , police said they thwarted a plot to bomb the New York subway system .
Two men have pleaded guilty in that case .
‘ WE CAN ’T RULE ANYTHING OUT ’
“ It ’s worth recalling the trend in radicalization in the USA , ” said Henry Wilkinson , senior intelligence analyst at London - based security company Janusian .
“ It does not look like a prototypical al Qaeda attack .
But again it ’s early days . ”
The deadliest home - grown attack in the United States killed 168 people in 1995 when a fuel - and - fertilizer bomb planted in a truck by Timothy McVeigh and another right - wing extremist exploded at a federal building in Oklahoma City .
Kelly said a white man in his 40s had been identified in security footage and was seen removing a dark shirt to reveal a red shirt about half a block from where the vehicle was left with its engine running and hazard lights flashing .
Kelly said it was not clear whether the footage was related to the bomb and that another claim of responsibility emailed to a local news organization was also being investigated .
“ We ca n’t rule anything out at this time , ” he said when asked whether the Viacom Inc office in Times Square was a possible target after the satirical cartoon “ South Park ” depicted a controversial image of the Prophet Mohammed .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
“ South Park ” is shown on the Comedy Central network owned by Viacom .
Times Square was evacuated on Saturday evening but the entertainment and shopping area in midtown Manhattan largely reopened on Sunday with a heavy police presence .
Broadway officials said all shows did go on , some beginning late .
The bomb squad removed three propane tanks , consumer grade fireworks , two full five - gallon ( 19 - liter ) gasoline cans , two clocks , electrical wire and other components from the vehicle , a dark green Nissan Pathfinder .
On Sunday , the bomb squad blew open a gun locker that was also in the vehicle and found eight bags of an “ unknown substance ” with “ the look and feel ” of fertilizer , Kelly said .
Slideshow ( 16 images )
The Connecticut license plate found on the rear of the Pathfinder came from another vehicle that was now in an auto repair shop in Connecticut , Kelly said .
THE REAL DEAL
“ We ’re going to do whatever is necessary to protect the American people , to determine who ’s behind this potentially deadly act and to see that justice is done , ” President Barack Obama told a news conference .
Similarities between the attempted attack in Times Square and another in London in 2007 included a vehicle abandoned in a crowded area with the intent of causing mass casualties , said Sajjan Gohel , director for international security at the London - based research company Asia Pacific Foundation .
“ Was this done by an established group or , as in the London case , by self - radicalized people ? ”
Gohel said .
He also voiced skepticism about the Taliban claim and said video footage could be the key for investigators .
Napolitano told ABC
News there was no evidence the incident in Times Square was “ anything other than a one - off ” and that the bomb “ does n’t look like it is a very sophisticated one . ”
New York police said they searched transit hubs , landmarks and other sensitive areas after the bomb was discovered but did not find anything suspicious .
“ We have no idea who did this or why , ” said New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg .
He said a T - shirt vendor noticed “ an unoccupied suspicious vehicle ” and alerted a policeman on horseback , who saw the Pathfinder had smoke coming from vents near the back seat and smelled of gun powder .
“ This was n’t make believe .
This was n’t a false alarm , ” said New York Fire Commissioner Sal Cassano .
“ This was the real deal -- to hurt people . ”
a recipe for the culinarily challenged
How to make BOILED WATER
ingredients :
Tap Water -- possibly tainted with bacteria is * fine *
tools you will need :
- a pot or kettle
- a stove , hot - pot , electric burner , or electric kettle
1. add water to pot or kettle
2. apply heat using stove , hot - pot , electric - burner , or electric kettle ( in case of extreme ridiculousness or drunkenness on a warm summer 's evening , a weber grill can be substituted if used out - doors )
3. wait for water to boil ; allow water to boil for 60 seconds ; shut off heat
Tools you will NOT need :
- hundreds of dollars to give to the bottled - water companies
- plastic bottles
- an automobile to carry bottles of water
Well , if nothing else , we now know officially just how great those tax receipts were .
Good thing too - we can end that whole superficial tax receipt debate and focus on important things .
April 's tax deficit of $ 83 billion was the highest April deficit on record .
America is now more bankrupt than ever .
Income was $ 245.3 billion , 8 % below the total recorded last April .
Spending was $ 328.0 billion , up 14 % year - over - year .
A year ago in April the deficit was $ 20.9 billion .
And here is the data : tax receipts down 7.9 % YoY , Individual Income Tax down 21.5 % YoY , and more importantly , spending : Total spending up 14.2 % , National defense up 17 % , Medicare up 39.4 % , Social Security up 4.2 % and General Government up 5.6 % .
At least interest payments were down 9.5 % .
And now back to your regularly scheduled bankrupt country market melt up .
Sarah Palin is defending evangelist Franklin Graham after he was uninvited to chair a major Pentagon event next month , in light of his inflammatory remarks against Islam .
“ ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s truly a sad day when such a fine patriotic man , whose son is serving on his fourth deployment in Afghanistan to protect our freedom of speech and religion , is dis-invited from speaking at the PentagonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s National Day of Prayer service , ” Palin wrote in a Facebook post Friday .
ADVERTISEMENT
The same “ fine patriotic man ” said in 2001 : “ We ’re not attacking Islam but Islam has attacked us .
The God of Islam is not the same God .
He ’s not the son of God of the Christian or Judeo - Christian faith .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s a different God and I believe it is a very evil and wicked religion . ”
Five years later he told ABC News his views had n’t changed , reiterating the position last year on CNN .
Yesterday , he appeared on Fox News and commented , “ I want Muslims everywhere to know that Christ can come into their heart and change them …
They do n’t have to die in a car bomb to be accepted by God .
They can be free through faith in Jesus Christ and Christ alone . ”
Palin claimed said his comments were “ aimed at those who are so radical that they would kill innocent people and subjugate women in the name of religion ” and lamented as a “ shame ” America ’s “ hyper- politically correct ” culture .
In her defense of Franklin Graham , she also referred to his son as “ serving on his fourth deployment in Afghanistan to protect our freedom of speech and religion . ”
An Army spokesman confirmed Thursday that evangelist Franklin Graham ’s invitation to chair the May 6 Pentagon event was withdrawn over objections to his statements on Muslims .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ This Army honors all faiths and tries to inculcate our soldiers and work force with an appreciation of all faiths and his past comments just were not appropriate for this venue , ” Col . Tom Collins told ABC News .
The Council on American - Islamic Relations ( CAIR ) praised the Army ’s decision .
“ We applaud this decision as a victory for common sense and good judgment , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Executive Director Nihad Awad said in a statement .
“ Promoting one ’s own religious beliefs is something to be defended and encouraged , but other faiths should not be attacked or misrepresented in the process . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Plum Line ’s Greg Sargent critiqued the media ’s relative lack of interest in Palin ’s defense of a sweeping generalization about Muslims .
“ Palin attacks Obama = huge news .
Palin attacks entire Islamic religion = crickets , ” he Tweeted .
“ How would conservative pundits , shouting heads , bloggers and politicians react , ” wondered David Corn of Politics Daily , “ if a leading American imam decried Christianity as an “ evil ” religion and then was invited to participate at a National Day of Prayer event at the Pentagon ” ?
ADVERTISEMENT
– Sahil Kapur contributed
A UN think tank has revealed that almost half of India 's 1.2 billion population has access to that most basic of human needs - a mobile phone - although a good proportion of them will not be using it while sitting on the toilet .
According to a United Nations University ( UNU ) study ( summary here in pdf ) , " 545 million cell phones are now connected to service in India ’s emerging economy " , while just " 366 million people ( 31 per cent of the population ) had access to improved sanitation in 2008 " .
Zafar Adeel , Director of the UNU ’s Institute for Water , Environment and Health , lamented : “ It is a tragic irony to think that in India , a country now wealthy enough that roughly half of the people own phones , about half cannot afford the basic necessity and dignity of a toilet . ”
The UNU says that globally , " some 1.1 billion people defecate in the open " , and $ 358bn is needed to reach the UN's Millennium Development Goal ( MDG ) for sanitation by 2015 , which aims for a " 50 per cent improvement in access to adequate sanitation " by that date .
The UNU 's full sanitation report ( here , pdf ) , estimates the rough cost of building a toilet at $ 300 .
Mobile phones , of course , can be had for nothing if you shop around for the right deal . ®
Bootnote
Mobe - packing but khaziless Indians can at least take consolation from the fact that they benefit from a reduced risk of dropping their device down some hideous crapper and then getting their head trapped in the hellish merdepit while trying to retrieve it .
BEWARE .
A multi-storey apartment block is heading to a suburb near you .
QUIET , leafy corners of Brisbane and other parts of southeast Queensland could soon be overshadowed by high - rise apartment towers under a controversial planning strategy to build up instead of out .
A snapshot of the planning strategy for Brisbane to deal with massive population growth expected over the next 20 years shows high - rise development spreading to the outer suburbs , with concentrations of towers around transport nodes .
But resident groups - fearful Brisbane will be turned into Sardine City - are vowing to fight the high - rise invasion .
There have been a string of protests by residential groups lobbying against the changes in older suburbs such as Corinda through to the inner-city bohemian hub of West End , where 30 - storey towers are on the drawing board .
The backlash has forced Brisbane City Council to relax some of its plans for higher density development .
But the fight is guaranteed to intensify as the rollout of high - rises intensifies .
Council figures show town planning officials have paved the way for an estimated 64,700 new residents in suburbs from Bracken Ridge on the northside to Corinda on the southside .
South Brisbane residents should prepare for a projected 25,500 extra residents by 2031 .
The estimates have been devised by the council from some of the most advanced neighbourhood planning documents , with several other plans yet to be finalised .
Neighbourhood planning was introduced by Lord Mayor Campbell Newman in 2004 to give residents more say but has failed to avoid bitter disputes with residents .
One group of residents at Bridgeman Downs has labelled their growth plan a farce after development proposals were ticked off by the council , undermining the new blueprint before it could even be adopted .
" To get it all done and ( for ) them to just completely ignore it is a joke , " Bridgeman Downs resident Earl Baskerville said .
A spokesman for the Lord Mayor said even if the plan had been adopted , property owners retained their development rights under the former town plan for up to two years .
The Bridgeman Downs group is just one of a growing number battling growth plans in their back yards .
The West End Community Association is involved in a no-holds - barred fight against high - density plans in its suburb .
And in Sherwood and Corinda , the Walter Taylor South Action Group is pushing to topple plans for five - storey buildings .
Action group secretary Leigh Park said the council had done well in listening to their concerns and boosting protection to character housing in the area - a far cry from the strategy before Cr Newman .
It had also reduced the footprint of an area of Corinda planned for five - storey buildings after public opposition .
But she said in return it had increased the size of a precinct at Sherwood , proposing five - storey buildings .
Ms Park said the result would be added pressure on congested roads and public transport , while destroying the visual impact of old suburbs .
" The argument is it is only confined to a small percentage of the area , but the visual impact is quite significant , " she said .
Council Neighbourhood Planning chairwoman Amanda Cooper said the fact there were protest groups objecting to the plans showed the strategy was working .
Opposition planning spokesman Milton Dick said the plans had not lived up to their expectation of listening to residents ' concerns .
Housing supply dwindles
QUEENSLAND needs to build more than 900,000 new houses and units in the next 21 years to meet projected population growth .
But new figures show reality will fail to meet expectations with under - supply expected to grow into tens of thousands on current approval numbers .
Experts say the shortage will force up the price of housing , including rents , and possibly leave a generation of adults unable to afford a new home .
In 2009 , there was a shortfall of more than 10,000 houses on the 47,000 needed to match population growth .
Figures from Queensland Treasury and the Australian Bureau of Statistics showed the under - supply was spread across the state .
Brisbane built nearly 2000 fewer dwellings than needed last year , while in the north , Townsville and Cairns were down 1000 and 800 respectively .
Toowoomba's housing shortfall was more than 450 .
With demand exceeding supply , first - home buyers , already jittery following interest rate rises , have even less chance of entering the market .
Real Estate Institute of Queensland managing director Dan Molloy said recent research showed first - home buyers were down 60 per cent on March 2009 .
" These figures really show how much of a struggle it is for prospective homeowners to get into the market in Queensland , " Mr Molloy said .
Master Builders housing policy director Paul Bidwell said the biggest issue was developers ' inability to access finance from banks .
Red tape from local councils , massive infrastructure charges and lack of available land were also serious issues .
" It 's biting at a number of levels , " he said .
" Developers can't get access to funds and it's harder for buyers to get home loans approved . "
Queensland Council of Social Service director Jill Lang said those on lower incomes were increasingly bidding for rental properties alongside households which have traditionally been able to buy into the property market .
Queensland 's population is expected to increase from 4.5 million to as much as 7 million by 2031 .
Police said that although a lot of people in the parking lot were talking on cell phones , only one called 911.******************************************************TULSA , OK -- Tulsa
Police say out of numerous potential witnesses , only one person had any information to offer in a shooting overnight Sunday at the Chicken Hut restaurant , 1500 E. Apache .
The shooting victim , 27 - year - old Valentino Verner , later died of his wounds at a Tulsa hospital .
Restaurant patrons even shoved past emergency workers , stepping over the victim to get their food .
Tulsa Police , firefighters and ambulance personnel responded to a call of shots fired at the restaurant at about 3 a.m .
They say when they arrived at the Chicken Hut , they found Verner lying on the ground in front of the restaurant 's pick - up window .
He had been shot multiple times , according to Tulsa Police Sergeant Mike Eckert .
They had a difficult time getting through the crowd to provide aid to the victim , and no one was trying to help the injured man , Eckert said .
People were instead stepping over Verner to get to their food orders .
Eckert said customers even shoved past emergency personnel as they went to the take out window .
After questioning the crowd , they found only one person – a relative of the victim - who had any information about the shooting .
That man could only say the suspect was a man in a blue jacket with a hood .
" Exactly one person chose to call 911 to advise us of the shooting , " Eckert said .
He added that there were more than 100 people in the parking lot when emergency personnel arrived .
" Nobody wants to talk to us .
No one wants to give us any information , " he said .
Police are investigating the shooting .
Anyone with information on this crime is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 918- 596- COPS .
The villagers want compensation for the elephant damage
Wildlife officials in Cameroon are hunting for scores of elephants , who escaped from a nature reserve , sparking panic in nearby villages .
The elephants wandered out of the Dja Faunal Reserve - a World Heritage site - and trampled over houses and fields .
A wildlife official told the BBC that the elephants had fled after being attacked by poachers .
The reserve 's curator blamed locals for the poaching and said they were responsible for their own misfortune .
But Cameroon 's wildlife director Tabi Philipe Tako - Eta told the BBC's Randy Jo Sa'ah that he was trying to get the law changed so that local people could get compensation for the damage caused by the marauding elephants .
The Dja Reserve was set up in 1950 and became a World Heritage site in 1987 .
He would later be caught juggling with fake Ebola virus canisters .
For shame .
Also , this strip made me realize that choosing colours for clown outfits can indeed be done pretty much completely at random .
Diaspora : The Student - Made , Privacy - Respecting Facebook Alternative
As Facebook completes its transition from Galactic Senate to Imperial Empire , four enterprising NYU students thought the world could do with a social networking service that would n’t treat your personal information like advertiser catnip .
So they started building Diaspora .
They conceive of it as the “ privacy aware , personally controlled , do - it - all distributed open source social network ” , one on which people share strictly on their own terms .
Every user will have their own encrypted , customisable “ node ” on the Diaspora network , and personal data will reside on that user ’s computer , as opposed to a centralised hub .
The team members , who are profiled in today ’s New York Times * , posted a description of their idea on Kickstarter , a website that connects internet donors with underfunded projects , and they quickly met their goal of raising $ US10,000 .
As of now , the number ’s closer to $ US24,000 .
The demand is clearly there ; now what about the service ?
The team already has a skeletal version of the site running on their own machines , and now that school ’s wrapping up they ’re starting their “ first sprint ” – three months of intense coding with the aim of launching a working version of Diaspora by September , complete with :
* Full - fledged communications between Seeds ( Diaspora instances )
* Complete PGP encryption
* External Service Scraping of most major services ( reclaim your data )
* Version 1 of Diaspora ’s API with documentation
* Public GitHub repository of all Diaspora code
Of course , building a social network from the ground up is a tremendous task , and one that ’s much easier said than done .
But Facebook ’s first lines of code were written in a dorm room , and it makes perfect sense that Diaspora – a project that looks to get back to social media ’s roots : sharing – would see its start there , too .
Find out more about the project at JoinDiaspora .
New York Times ,
Published online 20 April 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.194
News
Genetic data points to ancient liaisons between species .
An interspecies love child ?
Christoph P.E. Zollikofer
Archaic humans such as Neanderthals may be gone but they 're not forgotten — at least not in the human genome .
A genetic analysis of nearly 2,000 people from around the world indicates that such extinct species interbred with the ancestors of modern humans twice , leaving their genes within the DNA of people today .
The discovery , presented at the annual meeting of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists in Albuquerque , New Mexico , on 17 April , adds important new details to the evolutionary history of the human species .
And it may help explain the fate of the Neanderthals , who vanished from the fossil record about 30,000 years ago .
" It means Neanderthals did n't completely disappear , " says Jeffrey Long , a genetic anthropologist at the University of New Mexico , whose group conducted the analysis .
There is a little bit of Neanderthal leftover in almost all humans , he says .
The researchers arrived at that conclusion by studying genetic data from 1,983 individuals from 99 populations in Africa , Europe , Asia , Oceania and the Americas .
Sarah Joyce , a doctoral student working with Long , analyzed 614 microsatellite positions , which are sections of the genome that can be used like fingerprints .
She then created an evolutionary tree to explain the observed genetic variation in microsatellites .
The best way to explain that variation was if there were two periods of interbreeding between humans and an archaic species , such as Homo neanderthalensis or H. heidelbergensis .
" This is not what we expected to find , " says Long .
Using projected rates of genetic mutation and data from the fossil record , the researchers suggest that the interbreeding happened about 60,000 years ago in the eastern Mediterranean and , more recently , about 45,000 years ago in eastern Asia .
Those two events happened after the first H. sapiens had migrated out of Africa , says Long .
His group did n't find evidence of interbreeding in the genomes of the modern African people included in the study .
The researchers suggest that the population from the first interbreeding went on to migrate to Europe , Asia and North America .
Then the second interbreeding with an archaic population in eastern Asia further altered the genetic makeup of people in Oceania .
The talk at the anthropology meeting caught the attention of many researchers , some of whom have been trying to explain puzzling variations in the human genome .
" They are onto something , " says Noah Rosenberg , an anthropological geneticist at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor , who heard the talk .
A test of the New Mexico team 's proposals may come soon .
Svante Pääbo and colleagues at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , announced early last year that they had finished sequencing a first draft of the Neanderthal genome , and they are expected to publish their work in the near future .
Pääbo 's earlier studies on components of Neanderthal genomes largely ruled out interbreeding , but they were not based on more comprehensive analyses of the complete genome .
Linda Vigilant , an anthropologist at the Planck Institute , found Joyce 's talk a convincing answer to " subtle deviations " noticed in genetic variation in the Pacific region .
" This information is really helpful , " says Vigilant .
" And it 's cool . "
The paleontological record also is producing fossils that complement such interbreeding theories .
Pääbo's team and Russian colleagues recently reported the mitochondrial genome of an archaic human from the Altai Mountains — in southern Siberia near ancient Asian trade routes1 .
The ancient mitochondrial DNA came from a piece of finger bone , which the groups have n't identified by species .
It could be Neanderthal , a new Homo species or some other archaic form — like H. erectus , who spread to Oceania by 1.8 million years ago .
The Pääbo team reported that the bone was from an individual that lived 30,000 – 48,000 years ago in Denisova Cave , near where both modern humans and Neanderthals then dwelled .
But the age of the bone has been questioned by researchers , who say the cave 's sediments may have been reworked , making the bone 's layer older .
ADVERTISEMENT
At the anthropology meeting , Theodore Schurr , a molecular anthropologist at the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia , said the genetic model showing interbreeding raises questions about the range of species , like H. heidelbergensis .
He noted that human skeletons found at Lake Mungo in New South Wales , Australia , have robust features , which may represent the result of interbreeding ; they are dated to more than 20,000 years ago .
Keith Hunley , another member of the New Mexico group , said the team is now moving to publish its results in the near future .
Baked Panko - Crusted Chicken Tenders with Honey - BBQ Dipping Sauce
This post may contain affiliate links .
Please read my disclosure policy .
There are breadcrumbs …
And then there are Panko . :)
Mmmm…how I love these fabulously crispy and light Japanese breadcrumbs .
I honestly do n’t know how Americans missed out on them for so long .
They do wonders with adding great crunch and texture … especially to baked foods !
So this week decided to make use of the unopened bag in my pantry and make some classic baked chicken fingers .
This recipe is definitely one of my favorites .
It ’s full of subtle flavor , and is relatively quick to throw together .
And being that I live in Kansas City – land of all things BBQ – thought I ’d be a good little citizen and whip up a simple honey - barbecue sauce to go along with .
But I ’ve also included some other quick homemade sauce recipes below .
These are definitely “ classic ” for a reason !
Kiddos love them , and adults can love them even more knowing that they ’re b-a-k-e-d ! :)
Print Baked Panko - Crusted Chicken Tenders with Honey - BBQ Dipping Sauce ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 5 from 1 reviews Prep Time : Prep Time : 15 minutes
Cook Time : Cook Time : 15 minutes
Total Time : Total Time : 30 minutes
Yield : Yield : 4 - 6 servings 1 x Print Pin Description
You wo n’t believe the delicious flavor and crunch of these yummy chicken tenders … and they ’re not even fried !
Detailed recipe and photos included .
Scale 1 x 2 x 3 x Ingredients 1 1/2 lbs boneless skinless chicken breasts or breast tenders
lbs boneless skinless chicken breasts or breast tenders 1 1/2 cup s panko breadcrumbs
s panko breadcrumbs 1 tsp .
oregano
. oregano 2 tsp . garlic powder
. garlic powder 1 tsp .
smoked paprika
. smoked paprika 1/2 tsp .
cayenne
. cayenne 1/2 tsp . kosher salt Honey - Barbecue Dipping Sauce : 1/2 cup favorite barbecue sauce
favorite barbecue sauce 3 Tbsp .
honey
. honey 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
freshly ground black pepper 2 eggs
eggs 1/2 cup flour Instructions Preheat oven to 350F .
Prepare a baking sheet by covering it with foil and lightly spraying with cooking spray .
Set aside .
In a small bowl or shallow dish , season the flour with salt and black pepper , and lightly beat the eggs in another shallow dish .
In a third shallow dish , combine panko breadcrumbs with oregano , garlic , paprika , cayenne , salt , and pepper .
If using chicken breasts , prepare by putting one breast in between two layers of plastic wrap .
Pound to an even thickness of approximately 1/2 ″ .
Remove plastic and slice into strips .
Dredge tenders in the flour to coat , shaking off any excess flour .
Dip the floured chicken tenders into the egg and then coat the chicken tenders with the breadcrumb mixture .
Arrange on baking sheet .
Repeat with remaining strips .
Bake chicken tenders for 12 - 15 minutes , or until golden brown , flipping once part way through the cook time .
To prepare sauce , whisk together honey and barbeque sauce in a small bowl until combined .
Season to taste with salt and pepper .
Notes Adapted from Love and Olive Oil
If you 're one of those pathetic losers who still listens to classical music , it 's time to let it go .
Delete your Mahler MP3's , wipe your Wagner WMA's , burn your Copland CD's , smash your Vivaldi vinyl , and get yourself some Justin Bieber .
I know it 'll be painful at first .
But with repeated listening your brain will soften into a pudding - like consistency , and soon you 'll find yourself immersed in the warm blissful bath of his adorableness .
I 'm afraid to report that classical music is being " phased out . "
You might try to hold on , but it 's best to give up voluntarily and just go with the flow .
Do n't get me wrong :
You 'll probably still be able to buy classical CDs and digital audio files .
But trying to access and play the music on modern devices will drive you nuts .
In a blog entry last year I complained about the blatant hostility of digital music players to classical music .
More recently I was stunned to discover that the " Smart DJ " feature of the Zune desktop software had complete ignorance of Gustav Mahler !.
Only one thing still gave me hope for the future of classical music on digital devices .
That one ray of hope was the Edit Album Info dialog in that same Zune desktop software .
This is the screen that comes up when you want to edit information about a CD that you 've already ripped :
Will you look at that !
It 's hard to believe there 's a field that actually lets you enter Composer information , both for the album as a whole and for individual tracks .
And over at the right is even a field for the Conductor !
At least somebody at Microsoft has a little sympathy for us and designed a dialog to make us happy .
And then I had a brilliant idea : I knew that this same Zune desktop software was going to interface with Windows Phone 7 , and I knew that we'd be able to play music on the phone .
Why do n't I write an alternative music - presentation program with Silverlight using classes in the Microsoft .
Xna .
Framework .
Media namespace ?
I could organize the user 's music by Composer and Conductor .
This program would turn Windows Phone 7 into an digital audio player unlike any other , and I would emerge as a hero to that obstinate cadre of losers who still persist in listening to music composed prior to the invention of the fuzzbox .
But as I sharpened by coding fingers and opened a new Visual Studio project , harsh reality kicked me in the face .
Here are the properties of the essential Album and Song classes that I 'd need to access to organize and present the music :
WTF !?!?!
What happened to the Composer ?
What happened to the Conductor ?
It 's very simple :
The Zune desktop software lets you enter Composer and Conductor names , but that information is otherwise ignored .
The Composer has been killed .
Goodbye , Gustav Mahler .
The Conductor has also been killed .
Goodby , Leonard Bernstein .
All that 's left is the Artist , who now reigns supreme .
Hello , Justin Bieber .
And so it goes .
I know exactly what I want my program to do , but the APIs wo n't let me do it .
I ca n't get the Composer or Conductor if the information has been deliberately suppressed .
Does that remind you of anything ?
It should .
We 've all read George Orwell 's 1984 , I 'm sure , and undoubtedly you remember the appendix about Newspeak .
The idea behind Newspeak was that certain words ( like " liberty " ) would be eliminated from the language so that certain concepts ( like liberty ) would no longer be expressable or even thinkable .
In the same way , Composer and Conductor information has been eliminated from the Album and Song classes on the Zune and Windows Phone 7 so that these concepts entirely disappear from the music .
In effect , the music no longer has a composer or conductor !
And this is what I mean by classical music being " phased out . "
Between the design of the Edit Album Info dialog , and the definition of the Album and Song classes , Microsoft has deliberately wiped out essential components of our 500 - year tradition of Western Music .
It 's a gutsy move by Microsoft but I 'm sure they know what they 're doing .
Otherwise , we would never have allowed them to have so much power .
When President Obama presented his budget recently for fiscal year 2011 , he proposed that the Pentagon ’s outlays be increased by about 4.5 percent beyond its estimated outlays in fiscal 2010 , to a total of almost $ 719 billion .
Although many Americans regard this enormous sum as excessive , few appreciate that the total amount of all defense - related spending greatly exceeds the amount budgeted for the Department of Defense .
In fiscal year 2009 , which ended last September , the Pentagon spent $ 636.5 billion .
Lodged elsewhere in the budget , however , other lines identify funding that serves defense purposes just as surely as — sometimes even more surely than — the money allocated to the Department of Defense .
On occasion , commentators take note of some of these additional defense - related budget items , such as the Department of Energy ’s nuclear - weapons program , but many such items , including some extremely large ones , remain generally unrecognized .
Since the creation of the Department of Homeland Security , many observers probably would agree that its budget ought to be included in any complete accounting of defense costs .
After all , the homeland is what most of us want the government to defend in the first place .
Other agencies also spend money in pursuit of homeland security .
The Justice Department , for example , includes the Federal Bureau of Investigation , which devotes substantial resources to an anti-terrorist program .
The Department of the Treasury claims to have “ worked closely with the Departments of State and Justice and the intelligence community to disrupt targets related to al Qaeda , Hizballah , Jemaah Islamiyah , as well as to disrupt state sponsorship of terror . ”
Much , if not all , of the budget for the Department of State and for international assistance programs ought to be classified as defense - related , too .
In this case , the money serves to buy off potential enemies and to reward friendly governments who assist U.S. efforts to abate perceived threats .
About $ 5 billion of annual U.S. foreign aid currently takes the form of “ foreign military financing , ” and even funds placed under the rubric of economic development may serve defense - related purposes indirectly .
Money is fungible , and the receipt of foreign assistance for economic - development projects allows allied governments to divert other funds to police , intelligence , and military purposes .
Two big budget items represent the current cost of defense goods and services obtained in the past .
The Department of Veterans Affairs , which is authorized to spend about $ 124 billion in the current fiscal year , falls in this category .
Likewise , a great deal of the government ’s interest expense on publicly held debt represents the current cost of defense outlays financed in the past by borrowing from the public .
To estimate the size of the entire de facto defense budget , I gathered data for fiscal 2009 , the most recently completed fiscal year , for which data on actual outlays are now available .
In that year , the Department of Defense itself spent $ 636.5 billion .
Defense - related parts of the Department of Energy budget added $ 16.7 billion .
The Department of Homeland Security spent $ 51.7 billion .
The Department of State and international assistance programs laid out $ 36.3 billion for activities arguably related to defense purposes either directly or indirectly .
The Department of Veterans Affairs had outlays of $ 95.5 billion .
The Department of the Treasury , which funds the lion ’s share of military retirement costs through its support of the little - known Military Retirement Fund , added $ 54.9 billion .
A large part of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ’s outlays ought to be regarded as defense - related , if only indirectly so .
When all of these other parts of the budget are added to the budget for the Pentagon itself , they increase the fiscal 2009 total by nearly half again , to $ 901.5 billion .
Finding out how much of the government ’s net interest payments on the publicly held national debt ought to be attributed to past debt - funded defense spending requires a considerable amount of calculation .
I added up all past deficits ( minus surpluses ) since 1916 ( when the debt was nearly zero ) , prorated according to each year ’s ratio of narrowly defined national security spending — military , veterans , and international affairs — to total federal spending , expressing everything in dollars of constant purchasing power .
This sum is equal to 67.6 percent of the value of the national debt held by the public at the end of 2009 .
Therefore , I attribute that same percentage of the government ’s net interest outlays in that year to past debt - financed defense spending .
The total amount so attributed comes to $ 126.3 billion .
Adding this interest component to the previous all - agency total , the grand total comes to $ 1,027.8 billion , which is 61.5 percent greater than the Pentagon ’s outlays alone .
In similar analyses I conducted previously for fiscal 2002 and for fiscal 2006 , total defense - related spending was even greater relative to Pentagon spending alone – it was 73 percent greater in fiscal 2002 and 87 percent greater in fiscal 2006 .
In fiscal 2009 , the ratio was held down in large part by the reduced cost of servicing the government ’s debt , owing to the extremely low interest rates that prevailed on government securities .
This situation cannot last much longer .
As interest rates on the Treasury ’s securities rise , so will the government ’s cost of servicing the debt attributable to past debt - financed defense outlays .
For fiscal 2010 , which is still in progress , the president ’s budget estimates that the Pentagon ’s spending will run more than $ 50 billion above the previous year ’s total .
Any supplemental appropriations made before September 30 will push the total for fiscal 2010 even farther above the trillion - dollar mark .
Although I have arrived at my conclusions honestly and carefully , I may have left out items that should have been included — the federal budget is a gargantuan , complex , and confusing collection of documents .
If I have done so , however , the left - out items are not likely to be relatively large ones .
( I have deliberately ignored some minor items , such as outlays for the Selective Service System , the National Defense Stockpile , and the anti-terrorist activities conducted by the FBI and the Treasury .
For now , however , the conclusion seems inescapable : the government is currently spending at a rate well in excess of $ 1 trillion per year for all defense - related purposes .
Owing to the financial debacle and the ongoing recession , millions are out of work , millions are losing their homes , and private earnings remain well below their previous peak , but in the military - industrial complex , the gravy train speeds along the track faster and faster .
National Security Outlays in Fiscal Year 2009
( billions of dollars ) Department of Defense 636.5 Department of Energy ( nuclear weapons & environ .
cleanup ) 16.7 Department of State ( plus intern. assistance ) 36.3 Department of Veterans Affairs 95.5 Department of Homeland Security 51.7 Department of the Treasury ( for Military Retirement Fund ) 54.9 National Aeronautics & Space Administration ( 1/2 of total ) 9.6
Net interest attributable to past debt - financed defense outlays 126.3 Total 1,027.5 Source : Author ’s classifications and calculations ; basic data from U.S. Office of Management and Budget , Budget of the United States Government , Fiscal Year 2011 and U.S. Bureau of the Census , Historical Statistics of the United States , Colonial Times to 1970 .
Advertisement
A helpful reader noticed a new setting in Gmail that 's popped up since the Undo Send lab appeared in Gmail .
You can now change your undo buffer period to five or 20 seconds from the default 10 second wait .
Advertisement
andreasr2d2 provides this tip , having discovered it while hunting around in his Gmail Labs section .
You 'll need to enable Undo Send in your own Labs to see the setting appear in your General section , but it should come up soon after .
The standard 10 seconds is probably fine for most , as one usually knows right away when an oopsie email is going out .
But if that 10 seconds seems ghastly long , or not long enough to really think over what you just sent , you 've now got two other options .
Got your own never - before - seen Gmail setting , or another tip to share ?
Leave it for us with a #tips tag somewhere in the text , and we 'll be on the lookout .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ via #tips ]
Oh , for the love of [ insert preferred deity here ] ... just when you thought it was impossible for the Republican Party to careen even further to the right , we now have a gubernatorial candidate in Alabama who is fighting back against the charge that he believes in science .
After an ad appeared that said , " on the school board , Byrne supported teaching evolution , said evolution best explains the origin of life , " Bradley Byrne howled :
As a Christian and as a public servant , I have never wavered in my belief that this world and everything in it is a masterpiece created by the hands of God .
As a member of the Alabama Board of Education , the record clearly shows that I fought to ensure the teaching of creationism in our school textbooks .
Those who attack me have distorted , twisted and misrepresented my comments and are spewing utter lies to the people of this state .
Here 's a thought ... if Byrne is right and " this world and everything in it is a masterpiece created by the hands of God , " would n't that mean God created the theory of evolution ?
Seriously , it 's a party gone mad ... the mere suggestion that Byrne supported teaching a theory that 's been kicked around since the 6th century is a twisted distortion and an utter lie .
The crazy bar just keeps getting raised higher and higher .
Image caption
This is not the first time the collider has been affected by a power outage
The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) is recovering from a general power cut which affected the machine 's systems .
Cern , the organisation operating the LHC , said it had taken until Monday morning for the machine to recover .
Power was cut to the entire accelerator complex at Cern , including the LHC , according to a spokesperson .
The outage after 2300 local time on Friday was probably caused by storms , but proton beams should be back in the machine by Wednesday .
The collider is currently in a technical stop to allow technicians access into the 27 km - long tunnel housing the giant machine .
A spokesperson said a technical stop had already been scheduled for this week .
Dr James Gillies , director of communications at Cern ( the European Organization for Nuclear Research ) in Geneva , told BBC News : " It was all up and running again over the weekend . "
He added : " The LHC is back in the state it was before it happened .
We will have beam back in it on Wednesday . "
The £ 6bn ( $ 10 bn ) collider is being used to smash together beams of proton particles to shed light on the nature of Universe .
Over the past few months , engineers have been building up the intensity of the LHC 's particle beams .
Physicists have said that if things continue to plan , the collider could soon probe a new mass range where novel sub-atomic particles are thought to exist .
A spokesperson stressed that power cuts occur periodically .
A previous outage in November 2009 which halted the machine is thought to have occurred when a bird dropped a baguette it was eating at one of the points where the mains electricity supply enters the collider from above ground .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
The Dubliners ' version of " The Foggy Dew " ( featuring photos from the Easter Rising ) .
By Stuart Munckton
April 2 , 2010 -- The Future on Fire -- Easter is here again -- the anniversay of the Irish rebellion against British rule in Easter 1916 .
Over Easter week , Irish rebels took control of key parts of Dublin and declared a republic .
It took seven days for the British to put the rising down .
" The Foggy Dew " , a much - covered Irish folk song about the uprising , details what happened and gives an indication of the issues surrounding it .
There are two key lines that reveal something often sidelined about the rising .
The first is : " ' Twas better to die ' neath an Irish sky / Than at Suvla or Sud-el - Bar . "
The second is : " ' Twas Britannia bade our Wild Geese go / that small nations might be free / but their lonely graves are by Sulva 's waves / or the shore of the Great North Sea . "
Sulva and Sud-el - Bar are in Turkey and were the scenes of intense fighting in World War I . " Wild geese " refers to the flight path by migrating geese as they travel from Ireland to Europe -- where many young Irish men were sent by the British to die for the British empire .
" That small nations might be free " is an ironic reference to the justification Britain used for its participation in the bloodshed -- all Britain wanted was to " free " Belgium from foreign rule !
A justication bound to ring hollow in Ireland -- occupied by the British for 800 years .
These two lines say something fundamental about the Easter Rising often forgotten .
The Easter Rising is a seminal event in Irish history .
It remains a touchstone for Irish republicanism .
But the rising cannot be viewed in a purely Irish context .
It should not be seen as simply a rising to free Ireland of British rule and set up a republic .
Imperialist war
Of course , it was .
But one very important piece of context is that the rising occured in 1916 -- in the middle of the mindless slaughter occuring in Europe in World War I .
This fact is essential to understanding its significance .
Ireland 's colonial master , Britain , was one of the key protagonists .
Britain sent millions of young men to die in a war to carve up the world between the great imperialist powers .
There was a widespread recruitment campaign for the British army throughout Ireland and it was feared conscription could be introduced .
World War I was a war of competition between competing capitalists classes for access to markets and resources .
For this , millions were butchered .
An insane system that , to further the intersts of tiny groups of the mega-rich , would destroy so many lives in almost unimaginable barbarity .
As a British colony , Ireland was targetted for recruitment into its master 's army .
There were drives to get Irish men to sign up to join the bloodbath .
The threat of the wholesale consripting of Irish men to fight for the British crown and British capital in a futile war was one factor driving the urgency behind the rising .
To understand the relationship between World War I and the Easter Rising , it is best to look at how it was viewed by its most radical and clear - sighted leader , James Connolly .
James Connolly
Born in 1868 , Connolly was a veteran socialist revolutionary by 1916 , who had been active in the workers ' movement in three counrties : Scotland , Ireland and the United States .
He was one of the greatest figures produced by the post - Marx , pre-1917 socialist movement .
He made enormous ground in developing an understanding of the relationship between the national struggle for Irish independence and the Irish class struggle .
Connolly saw the struggle for Irish freedom from Britain as an opportunity to fight for more than simply a nominally free country -- it was as a chance to establish a socialist republic .
But more than that , Connolly was an internationalist .
C. Desmond Greaves explained in his 1961 The Life and Times of James Connolly that Connolly saw the horror of World War I as the most important injustice in the world .
In Belfast in the early stages of the war , Connolly 's attempts to campaign against it were criticsed by other members of the Independent Labour Party ( Ireland ) Belfast branch , who wanted him to focus on " bread and butter issues " .
Connolly responded : " They seem to have a curious idea of what constitutes a working - class propaganda .
They do n't seem to think I ought to express an opinion on the greatest crisis that has faced the working class in our generation . "
He saw the war as a direct result of the insanty of capitalism -- and drew the conclusion it required a revolutionary response .
Greaves wrote that when Connolly , sitting in his Belfast office , was brought the news in 1914 of European military mobilisations , he declared , " This means war " and " sat for a long time silent , head in hands .
Finally , he announced emphatically that a blow for Irish independence must be struck " .
James Connolly had drawn the same basic conclusion as the Russian revolutionary V.I. Lenin as to the appropriate response to the horror of World War I. Lenin famously coined the slogan " turn the imperialist war into a civil war " .
Connolly wrote , Greaves said , in the March 1915 International Socialist Review : " The signal of war ought to have been a signal of rebellion ... for social revolution ...
Such a civil war would not have entailed such a loss of socialist life as this international war has entailed . "
Greaves shows Connolly 's thoroughly internationalist reasoning for his participationin the Easter Rising by quoting an article in the Irish Worker : " Starting thus , Ireland may yet set the torch to a European conflagration that will not burn out until the last throne and the last capitalist bond and debenture will be shrivelled on the funeral pyre of the last warlord " .
In other words , a rising in Ireland was seen by Connolly as a signal for international socialist revolutution .
For Connolly , like Lenin , it became incumbent on socialists to seek to end the madness by a revolutionary struggle to take power away from their own bloodstained ruling class .
In Connolly 's case , this meant , in the first place , overthrowing British rule .
Liberating Ireland from British rule would be a concrete blow against British imperialism .
The Irish republic established by a rising may not , in the first instance , be socialist -- but it would greatly weaken one of the great capitalist powers , thus assisting international socialist revolution .
Connolly understood instictively the signficance of World War I .
He could see that capitalism had reached a highly destructive phase .
He never developed the detailed theoretical explanations for this that Lenin did .
Lenin had developed a detailed theory to explain the rise of imperialism in his book 1916 book Imperialism , the highest stage of capitalism .
It argued that capitalism had entered a monopolistic phase , based on a convergence of industrial and financial capital in the imperialist nations .
Fuelling the growth of these nation 's capitalist classes required greater and greater expansion , and this drove intense competition between competing imperialist capitalist classes for markets and resources .
This competition led directly to the outbreak of World War I -- as competing imperialist powers sought to resolve the question of how to divide up the world between them on the battlefield .
Connolly would never get to read Lenin 's work .
But Connolly responded as a revolutionary to what he could see clearly with his own eyes .
Labour aristocracy
Lenin also explained the way that imperialist superprofits enabled the imperialist ruling classes to buy off a section of the working class -- generally the most skilled and organised .
This was the labour aristocracy , and it was the crumbs from superprofits going to this sector that explained the horrible chauvinism of much of hte official labour movement .
Connolly personally experienced this with the Great Lock - Out in Dublin in 1913 .
A brutal struggle was provoked by the bosses ' attempts to smash militant trade unionism in Ireland .
The Irish trade unionists , led by Connolly and James Larkin , looked to British workers for solidarity .
Despite many rank - and - file workers being willing to respond with sympathy strikes , their Irish counterparts were betrayed by the leadership of the British trade union movement , which took a " neutral " position .
This helped convince Connolly that the Irish workers could not , in the short term , rely on British workers for support .
With the British largely supporting the their government 's war efforts ( compared with Ireland where there was strong anti-war sentiment ) , Connolly decided not to wait for this to change but to organise an Irish revolt .
It was necessary to strike a blow against one of the great powers waging the war .
This was the time -- there could be no waiting .
To be a revolutionary meant striking now .
Connolly was not alone in this thinking .
Republicans in the Irish Republican Brotherhood had decided World War I was an opportunity for a fresh Irish rising and had begun working to this end .
Connolly was a leader of the Irish Citzens Army -- a workers ' militia set up for self - defence against the violence of the bosses in 1913 .
By threatening to go it alone with the Irish Citzens Army , Connolly forced the Irish Republican Brotherhood leaders to include him in their plans .
While Connolly was carrying out popular agitation for an uprising , the middle - class republicans in the Irish Republican Brotherhood developed their plans in a conspiratorial fashion , behind the population 's back .
This weakened the rising and meant , when it occured , it took Dublin 's population by surprise .
Despite this weakness , Connolly led the Irish Citzens Army into the rising anyway .
He felt the most important thing was to rise now .
A blow struck in less than perfect conditions was better than no blow at all .
The Easter Rising
In lead - up to the rising , everything went wrong .
A car meant to collect weapons from a boat accidently drove over a cliff .
The conservative leadership of the armed Irish Volunteers ( of which the Irish Republican Brotherhood were an internal faction ) discovered the Irish Republican Brotherhood 's plot and called off crucial armed mobilisations .
As it was due to begin , success in the rising seemed incredibly slim if not impossible .
Still , the rebels went out .
Greaves gives an account of Connolly , on the morning of the rising , coming down the stairs of Liberty Hall , where the Irish Citzens Army was based , whistling happily .
A comrade asked him how he thought the rising would go .
Connolly gave the cheerful reply : " We are all going out to be slaughtered . "
For Connolly , the blow had the be struck -- even if it meant an immediate defeat .
There had to be a rising against the insanity plunging the world into darkness .
The banner of revolution had to be raised .
Connolly commanded the Dublin forces in the rising .
Various areas were taken , and Irish Republican Brotherhood leader Padraic Pearse read the famous proclamation of an Irish Republic on the steps of the General Post Office .
Rebels during the rising , directing their military campaign .
The British responded immediately and brought in heavy weaponry .
" The British huns , with their long range guns , sailed in through the foggy dew " , as the song tells it .
Without broader support , the rebels could not win .
They held out for a week .
Connolly was shot in the ankle , but continued to command the rebels from a stretcher .
Having crushed the rebellion , the British relatiation was as awful as you would expect from a power willing to destroy so many innocent lives at Sulva and Sud El Bar .
Thousands of rebels were arrested .
Some 15 leaders were executed .
Three weeks after the rising , it was Connolly 's turn .
His ankle was still shattered from the bullet and he could't stand .
He was strapped to a chair to face the firing squad and killed .
The rising failed , but it was a beacon .
The event had a massive impact in Ireland , sparking afresh the struggle for freedom .
The Easter Rising led directly to the Irish Revolution , which ended in a compromise with the establishment of the Free State based on 26 of Ireland 's 32 counties .
Easter is still the most important time in Irish republicans ' calendar .
But the rising was much more than that .
The revolutionary banner had been raised internationally , a revolt had occured against one of he key beligerants in World War I .
Lenin hailed it .
He explained the signhficance of an anti-colonial blow coming from within Europe itself : " A blow delivered against the power of the English imperialist bourgeoisie by a rebellion in Ireland is a hundred times more significant politically than a blow of equal force delivered in Asia or in Africa . "
He argued against socialists who dismissed the rising as a " putsch " , or a purely nationalist action .
" To imagine that social revolution is conceivable without revolts by small nations in the colonies and in Europe ... is to repudiate social revolution ...
" The socialist revolution in Europe can not be anything other than an outburst of mass struggle on the part of all and sundry oppressed and discontented elements . "
The following year , a spontaneous revolt overthrew the Russian tsar in February .
In October , Lenin 's Bolsheviks led the world 's first succesful workers ' revolution .
The example of the seizure of power by the workers and peasants of Russia with a key aim of ending Russia 's involvement in the bloodshed went a long way to ending the Great War .
Other imperialist powers feared similar revolutions at home .
Lenin may have succeeded where Connolly and his allies had failed , but the example of the Easter Rising was important internationally .
It was part of the same struggle .
Today , for reasons far too long to go into here , the same system still governs internationally .
The Russian Revolution , left isolated , ultimately failed as well .
But the struggle against the system has never stopped .
Nor has it been more urgent .
The system is just as insane and now the stakes are even higher than in 1916 .
The very survivial of life on planet Earth is being threatened by the coninuation of the profit - driven system .
We need to take the approach of Connolly and Lenin to World War I to the problem of climate change and the threat of eco-destruction .
It is the overiding issue facing working people in the world today .
The only question is : how can we end this system so that we may have a chance at life ?
We can look to Latin America , where popular rebellions are ongoing against imperialism and capitalism .
From there , a call came from Venezuela 's socialist President Hugo Chavez for a Fifth Socialist International to unite those in struggle against capitalism internationally to fight for " socialism or death " .
Climate change is " the greatest crisis facing our generation " .
We need the spirit Connolly -- determined at whatever cost to take on the system .
We need the determination to find a way to strike a blow against this system with the aim of ending it .
This does n't mean we need a failed , but heroic rising -- our aim is to win .
But to win , we need the determination , boldness and heroism that the rebels showed in Dublin in Easter 1916 .
When we remember this event , that is the lesson we must take with us wherever we are .
It was an example not just for Ireland , but for humanity .
[ Stuart Munckton is co-editor of Australian socialist newspaper Green Left Weekly and is a member of the Socialist Alliance .
This article first appeared at Munckton 's blog , The Future on Fire . ]
View Transcript
Transcript
Mordac the Preventer of Information Services Mordac says , " It 's time for your operating system upgrade . "
Dilbert says , " Gaaa ! "
Dilbert says , " Please do n't !
My CMS software wo n't work with the new operating system .
I 'll be a technology have - not ! "
The Boss says , " It 's never good when they wear costumes to complain . "
Dilbert says , " Ooga "
These last 10 to 15 years , I ’ve been pretty vigilant .
We live by the sea and keep a big selection of sunscreens , with SPF ratings of 30 to 45 , near the front door , so it ’s the last thing everyone sees before heading out .
I wear a hat in the sun , cover up on the beach when not in the water , apply sunscreen year - round .
And I go to my dermatologist for regular checkups .
Most visits , she pulls out something that looks like a welder ’s torch but instead of fixing the kitchen sink , she blasts me with liquid nitrogen chilled to 320 degrees below zero , which freezes and kills patches of dry , potentially cancerous cells .
It takes a few days for the scabs to fall off , and until then if people ask I just say it ’s a mild case of plague .
The last few years , she has also sliced off pieces of me to be biopsied .
Recently , she called to say two had come back cancerous — basal and squamous cells — and I needed to schedule a follow - up with her staff to have them removed .
“ Tell them you need a three - slot surgery , ” she said .
Older white men like me are the worst when it comes to skin cancer rates .
While the death rate from melanoma — the most severe skin cancer — has been declining for 20 years for people under 50 , men over 50 have the highest increase in death rate , 3.2 percent a year since 2002 .
The highest annual increase in incidence of melanoma is among white men over 65 , 8.8 percent a year since 2003 .
And while there ’s also rapid growth among young white women ages 15 to 34 ( 40 percent of 18 - year - old women have used a tanning bed in the last year , compared to 8 percent of men , according to the American Academy of Dermatology ) , nearly twice as many men as women die of skin cancer each year .
So here ’s what I can’t figure :
How could I have been so stupid ?
How was I so oblivious for 40 years , and could I blame my mother for any of this ?
Dr. Darrell S. Rigel , 59 , a past president of the American Academy of Dermatology , and editor of “ Cancer of the Skin , ” a leading textbook in the field , advises against blaming mothers .
“ My own mother would spend hours tanning in the backyard , and developed a melanoma , ” he said .
“ The public awareness on this is relatively new , 20 to 25 years . ”
The progression from serious sun exposure to skin cancer can take decades to unspool in our DNA .
“ What we ’re seeing now , in increased rates of melanoma , is what people did in the ’ 80s , ” Dr. Rigel said .
“ Baby boomers out baking in the ’ 80s . ”
Happy Sunday y’all .
Time to get down , get down , get down , get Shameless .
This week I ’ve mainly been working , and gardening [ ] and writing , and , lately , spending a lot of time arguing elsewhere about Rand Paul .
Not because I like Rand Paul —
I think in the interview he proved himself to be both mendacious and ignorant ; I have other , preexisting reasons for thinking of him as a ridiculous conservative tool .
I ’m arguing about it , rather , because I do like the sit - in movement , and the rigged debate between Paul ’s side and Maddow ’s has completely obliterated what that movement actually did , by means of grassroots direct action , without the assistance of federal antidiscrimination laws , Equal Opportunity bureaucracies , or Title II lawsuits .
Here as elsewhere , both conservatives and progressives have shitty arguments that presuppose that free markets mean only stereotypical forms of commerce and cash exchange , while politics means only organized attempts to achieve goals through government lawsuits or government legislation ; but if those are the options , where does that leave grassroots social movements ?
Thus we are given the counterfactual and patronizing claim that without white Democratic politicians handing down a federal Civil Rights
Act , the grassroots social movement to dismantle Jim Crow could not have gotten anywhere –in spite of 6 years of repeated grassroots victories for the sit - in movement before the Civil Rights
Act even existed .
If so profound a transformation cannot easily fit into traditional categories of thought , e.g. market or political , it is not because these categories do not apply but because they are not big enough : the Freedom Movement bursts through them .
And you ?
What have you been up to this week ?
Write anything ?
Leave a link and a short description for your post in the comments .
Or fire away about anything else you might want to talk about .
I was out and about shopping today and was in the aisle with cleaning products ( I still never decided what would best get the blood out … but fire fixes all .. ) .
I took a look at those sprays you use after a shower to help prevent mildew / soap scum from building up and saw a great scam .
There was this awesome product right here :
That ’s not to bad .
But wait !
Tilex is smart , instead of having to waste money buying a bottle with the sprayer attached to it , why not sell refills so you are n’t filling the landfills with dead hookers and spray nozzles !
Great idea !
Holy crap they even have it in stock !
Fantastic !
It even says “ More Savings ! Lest Waste ! ” Great … .
Hey !
Wait one damned minute .
$ 1.97 for a 32 oz spray bottle .
$ 4.52 for the 64 oz refill ?
Now I ’m no math nerd , but :
32 x 2 = 64
$ 1.97 x 2 = $ 3.94
$ 4.52 / 2 = $ 2.26
$ 2.26 – $ 1.97 = $ 0.29
So with all those math things I just did , if you want to help save the environment you get to pay twenty - nine cents more per 32 oz bottle than if you just buy a new bottle ?
I see what you did there .
Now I do n’t know if this is Walmart ’s doing , or Tilex ’s , or a combination of both .
But I know that a lot of the people I see at Walmart look like they were drop kicked the day they were born , so they probably buy it thinking it is a great deal .
Walmart knows you are a moron .
Tilex probably agrees .
They know that a few savy shoppers will notice .
But as it has once been said , “ You can lead a horse to water , but you ca n’t get the damned bird out of it ’s mouth . ”
So as any wise shopper would do , I bought the Arm & Hammer shower spray stuff because it was $ 1.97 for a 40 oz bottle .
Take that !
Can employers read an employee 's personal e-mail composed and sent via a corporate computer , and does the employer own that e-mail ?
Or what if it's an e-mail to a lawyer , which raises special questions of client - attorney privilege that invoke confidentiality ?
( Clouded views on privacy )
There 's often the assumption that all e-mail that employees write on company computers is under the ownership of the company , which when storing it can read it at any time , and companies typically spell out what they consider their rights in a formal corporate policy .
But in a legal case that came to it under appeal , the New Jersey Supreme Court last week decided an employee should have had an expectation of e-mail privacy and confidentiality because she used a personal Webmail account , in this case Yahoo , not the corporate e-mail system .
That decision , handed down by the Supreme Court of New Jersey , Appellate Division , reversed the lower court 's decision about the e-mail of Marina Stengart , who had filed a lawsuit against her former employer , Loving Care Agency , a home - care services firm , alleging discrimination .
Stengart 's lawyers and Loving Care 's own team of lawyers had been squabbling over whether Loving Care , which had collected Stengart 's e-mail after she filed suit against the company , had to turn over to Stengart 's lawyers the half - dozen or so Webmail - based e-mails the company had managed to capture as forensic evidence .
These were e-mails Stengart had sent via her personal password - protected Yahoo account to her lawyers before her resignation ; Stengart 's lawyers also wanted Loving Care 's lawyers disqualified in the case .
Loving Care 's lawyers argued Stengart had no reasonable expectation of privacy in files on a company - owned computer in light of the company 's electronic communications policy .
Stengart had sent the e-mail via her Yahoo account via her work computer at the office , not her corporate e-mail account .
Loving Care 's lawyers argued that Stengart " had no reasonable expectation of privacy in files on a company - owned computer in light of the company 's policies on electronic communications , " a court document states .
Stengart argued she had been given no warning that e-mail sent from a personal account would be monitored or stored .
According to a court document , Loving Care Agency 's policy states the home care services firm may review , access , and disclose " all matters on the company 's media systems and services at any time , " and also stated that e-mail , Internet communications and computer files are the company 's business records and are " not to be considered private and personal " to employees .
It also stated " occasional personal use is permitted . "
The trial court last year had rejected Stengart 's arguments for privacy and confidentiality of the e-mail she had sent .
But last week the justices on the Supreme Court of New Jersey in the Appellate Division reversed that in its decision , stating , " This case presents novel questions about the extent to which an employee can expect privacy and confidentiality in personal e-mails with her attorney , which she accessed on a computer belonging to her employer . "
Noting that it was rejecting the lower court 's decision , the N.J. Supreme Court judges this week stated , " We hold that , under the circumstances , Stengart could reasonably expect that e-mail communications with her lawyer through her personal account would remain private , and that sending and receiving them via a company laptop did not eliminate the attorney - client privilege that protected them . "
Although Stengart and Loving Care had been squabbling over whether she sent some of the webmail - based e-mail to her attorneys during non-work hours or not , the New Jersey Supreme Court this week said , " it is unclear , and ultimately not relevant , whether Stengart was at the office when she sent or reviewed them . "
The court also concluded that Loving Care 's law firm breached its obligations by failing to alert Stengart 's attorneys that it possessed the e-mails before reading them ; the law firm may face sanctions .
The case has gotten the attention of several organizations which were permitted to file opinions with the court .
The Employers Association of New Jersey ( EANJ ) argued the court decision may unfairly burden employers and undermine their ability to protect corporate assets , the court 's decision says .
The Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers of New Jersey ( ACDL - NJ ) and the National Employment Lawyers Association of New Jersey ( NELA - NJ ) were largely supportive of the court 's decision , however .
The NELA - NJ argued an employee " has a substantive right to privacy in her password - protected e-mails , even if accessed from an employer - owned computer , and that an employer 's invasion of that privacy right must be narrowly tailored to the employers legitimate business interests , " the court document states .
The Supreme Court judges said in their decision in reading Loving Care 's electronic communications policy , " It is not clear from that language whether the use of personal , password - protected , web - based e-mail accounts via company equipment is covered .
The Policy uses general language to refer to its ' media systems and services ' but does not define those terms .
Elsewhere , the Policy prohibits certain use of ' the e-mail system , ' which appears to be a reference to company e-mail accounts .
The Policy does not address personal accounts at all . "
The court also noticed that the policy does n't warn that the contents of this type of e-mail are stored on a hard drive and can be forensically retrieved .
The court said the Loving Care policy " creates ambiguity about whether personal e-mail is company or private property . "
As specifically concerns the issue of attorney - client privilege and confidentiality , the New Jersey Supreme court said in its decision that because Stengart took steps to protect the privacy of the e-mails and shield them from her employer , because she used a personal password - protected e-mail account instead of her company e-mail address and did not save the account 's password on her computer , she had a subjective expectation of privacy in messages to her lawyer discussing a possible future lawsuit .
And the court decided those expectations were " also objectively reasonable . "
" The Policy did not give Stengart , or a reasonable person in her position , cause to anticipate that Loving Care would be peering over her shoulder as she opened e-mails from her lawyer on her personal , password - protected Yahoo account , " the court stated , later adding that in monitoring employees ' actions online , " employers have no need or basis to read the specific contents of personal , privileged , attorney - client communications in order to enforce corporate policy . "
The court 's decision this week in the Stengart vs. Loving Care Agency case shakes up some oft - accepted notions about employer right to ownership of e-mail that employees may compose on a corporate - issued computer , says Jen Rubin , attorney at Mintz Levin in New York , which has been closely following the case .
" It 's almost a property rights issue , " says Rubin , noting that at the very least , the New Jersey Supreme Court 's decision in this case should send businesses , their lawyers and the IT departments running back to review their acceptable - use policies related to e-mail .
Read more about wide area network in Network World 's Wide Area Network section .
This story , " Ruling suggests limits on employer 's access to personal e-mail " was originally published by Network World .
First described in 1892 by the American neurologist Francis Xavier Dercum at Jefferson Medical College in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , Dercum disease ( adiposis dolorosa ) is an unusual progressive syndrome of unknown etiology characterized by multiple painful lipomas ( see image below ) that arise in adult life , most often affecting obese postmenopausal women . [ 1 ]
Multiple painful lipomas .
Courtesy of Waikato District Health Board and DermNet New Zealand ( http://www.dermnetnz.org/assets/Uploads/dermal-infiltrative/w/dercum-1.jpg).
The onset of Dercum disease ( adiposis dolorosa ) is insidious , but it has been described in at least one patient as having occurred after puerperal weight gain . [ 2 ]
The pain is out of proportion to the physical findings and is often described by patients as " painful fat . ”
The pain increases with increases in fatty tissue and in connection with menstruation .
Estrogen replacement at menopause has not been shown to reduce the pain .
Since the original description of Dercum disease ( adiposis dolorosa ) , the clinical spectrum has changed to include , in addition to the painful nodular fatty deposits ( which are often unaffected by weight loss ) , other components of Dercum disease ( adiposis dolorosa ) to various degrees . [ 3 ]
General obesity , easy fatigability and weakness ( asthenia ) , and a wide variety of unexplained emotional disturbances , such as depression , confusion , and dementia , are reported .
This observation is why Dercum disease ( adiposis dolorosa ) has been proposed to be relabeled as Dercum syndrome . [ 4 ]
Dercum disease ( adiposis dolorosa ) has been classified by the World Health Organization ( WHO ) as a distinct entity .
The National Organization of Rare Diseases ( NORD ) notes , " Dercum Disease is a rare disorder in which there are fatty deposits which apply pressure to the nerves , resulting in weakness and pain .
Various areas of the body may swell for no apparent reason .
The swelling may disappear without treatment , leaving hardened tissue or pendulous skin folds . "
Criteria for diagnosis
In 1901 , Roux and Vitaut first proposed the following four cardinal symptoms of Dercum disease ( adiposis dolorosa ) , and these remain the standard for diagnosis of classic disease [ 5 , 6 , 7 ] :
Multiple , painful , fatty masses
Generalized obesity , usually in menopausal age
Asthenia
Neuropsychiatric disturbances , including emotional instability , depression , epilepsy , confusion , and dementia
As early as 1910 , Stern noted that neuropsychiatric disturbances and asthenia did not accompany every case , and numerous case reports were subsequently described without all four cardinal features . [ 8 ]
Therefore , some have lobbied for a “ minimal definition ” of adiposis dolorosa , which was recently proposed to include the following [ 9 ] :
Generalized obesity
Chronic pain ( > 3 mo ) in the adipose tissue
Associated conditions
Associated conditions include sleep disturbances and pickwickian syndrome ; slight - to - moderate dryness of the eyes and the mouth , with a gritty feeling in the eyes in spite of normal tear production ( the criteria for Sjögren syndrome are not completely satisfied ) ; an irritable bowel ; coccygodynia ; vulvovaginitis ; vulvodynia ; carpal tunnel syndrome ; Tietze syndrome ; chondromalacia patellae ; thyroid malfunction , mainly hypothyreosis ; trochanteritis ; localized tendonitis ; and onset of fibromyalgia ( sometimes ) . [ 10 , 11 ]
Mode of inheritance
Dercum disease ( adiposis dolorosa ) is believed to be transmitted in an autosomal dominant manner with incomplete penetrance [ 12 , 13 ] ; it is particularly strong in the line of great grandmother - mother - daughter ; however , most reported cases of adiposis dolorosa appear to be sporadic . [ 14 ]
RANE BATHING SYSTEMS
Rane Bathing Systems manufactures high quality , safe access bathing solutions designed wholly for the people who use them .
The combination of years of experience and our state - of - the - art manufacturing facility , allow Rane to produce innovative bathing systems for both care facilities and the home .
Manufactured in Sparta , TN since 1997 , we are proud to say we are 100 % Made in the USA .
Bathing promotes a feeling of well - being and is mentally and physically beneficial , which is why Rane is dedicated to producing innovative bathing systems .
Rane products are designed to be functional and affordable , while giving your bathing area an upscale look .
Each product offers numerous standard features and options .
Rane bathing systems will enhance the bathing experience for both the user and caregiver .
Last year at Google I/O , the search company 's annual developer conference , we got the first look at Android 2.0 , also known as " Eclair . "
On Wednesday this week , Google I/ O 2010 will begin , and we 're sure to see the next version of Google 's mobile operating system : Android 2.2 , also known as " FroYo . "
Last week , the telltale giant dessert - themed sculpture representing 2.2 was rolled out onto the lawn of Google 's Mountain View headquarters , just as they have before previous versions were released .
Right now , there are no official announcements regarding the content of Android 2.2 , but recent rumors have suggested that there will be three killer upgrades in FroYo which I personally hope we get to see in action this week .
These three improvements are :
Advertisement
Tethering --
The ability to turn any Android phone running 2.2 into a USB 3G modem or into a 3G Wi-Fi hotspot .
Full Flash Support --
The addition of Flash 10.1 that both Google and Adobe have repeatedly mentioned could finally equip Android with a full , desktop - style Flash experience .
450 % speed boost -- A site called Android Police tested the Dalvik virtual machine in FroYo with benchmark software called Linpack , the build on a Nexus One tested at 6.5 - 7 MFLOPS versus an older build on an older HTC Hero which only hit 2 MFLOPS .
There are a number of other new features rumored to be included in Android 2.2 , which are a bit less flashy .
These include : More free RAM , a JIT compiler ( a.k.a. " Just In Time " compiler , allows higher - speed code execution , ) improved access to the OpenGL ES 2.0 library , FM Radio support , developer access to color LED in trackball , and improved cross-multitouch resolution .
Again , none of these have been confirmed , but they are all plausible and would be welcome additions to the platform .
Ehud Barak was speaking as Israel commemorated soldeirs killed in action Israel 's Defence Minister Ehud Barak has said Israel must , eventually , allow the Palestinians to rule themselves .
In an interview with Army Radio he said in the future there would be a separate Palestinian state " whether you like it or not " .
The interview comes as Israelis mark Memorial Day , commemorating Israeli soldiers killed in action .
Mr Barak , a former top ranking soldier , leads the Labour Party which is part of the current government coalition .
" The world is n't willing to accept , and we wo n't change that in 2010 , the expectation that Israel will rule another people for decades more , " he said .
We should n't delude ourselves , the growing alienation between us and the United States is not good for Israel
Ehud Barak
" There is no other way , whether you like it or not , than to let them rule themselves , " he said , speaking about the idea of a separate Palestinian state .
' Alienation '
He also warned of a growing rift between Israel and the United States .
He said the government of Benjamin Netanyahu had " done things that did n't come naturally to it " , like agreeing to a 10 month pause in settlement building and moving toward accepting the principle that there should be two states , one for Palestinians and one for Israelis .
" But we should n't delude ourselves , the growing alienation between us and the United States is not good for Israel , " he said .
Israel 's Memorial Day commemorates some 22,600 soldiers killed in action and the 1,750 Israeli citizens killed in attacks by Palestinian militant groups .
It coincides with the celebration of Israel 's 62nd independence day .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ok , my 11 year old daughter just told me today that for the past several months she has been forced to poop in a bucket when she stays at her best friends house during sleepovers .
She told me her friend forces her to poop in the bucket that is placed in the bathroom , bedroom , or closet .
The bucket is in only these 3 places at all times .
When my daughter asks why she has to do , the best friend told her that if she didnt do it , her uncle would arrest her mom and it would be all jordans fault that she went to jail because she didnt poop in the bucket !
Also , telling my daughter she better not tell anyone including any adults !
So as I was absorbing all this information , my daughter told me that her best friend told her there was a camera installed in the bathroom light fixture by her uncle .
My daughter has been staying the night about 3 - 4 times a month over the past several months .
Another weird thing is that her friend tells her if she doesnt poop in the bucket , to poop over the bathtub or on the floor , but never in the toilet bowl that functions properly .
She is allowed to urinate but not poop in the toilet .
What do you think ?
What is the next step a parent should do ?
Also , my neighbor another 10 yr old girl , told her mother and I that she is forced to do the same thing when she has slept over and is also a witness about being told there is a camera hidden in the bathroom .
So , is calling the police too far ?
I called them this evening , and an officer took my report .
He will be back in the morning after he speaks my daughters best friend and her mother .
Your thoughts please ??
get police involved or settle this with the child and her mother ???
The next government must " as a matter of extreme urgency " demand changes to a 2005 EU directive governing the free movement of labour in an effort to prevent more deaths at the hands of incompetent foreign GPs , senior MPs said today .
New ministers should also promise to change UK laws which " goldplated " European rules and prevented medical regulators giving language tests to European doctors , according to a critical report on out - of - hours services by the Commons health select committee .
The report criticised NHS bodies for failing to use other vetting powers , noting that no disciplinary action had been taken against an NHS body that did not check the English language skills of Daniel Ubani , a German doctor who unlawfully killed a patient on his first shift in Britain .
The challenge to begin changing the structure for vetting EU doctors before a long - planned Brussels review in 2012 could mean an early clash with EU partners for the new administration .
At present , EU doctors can join the British General Medical Council ( GMC ) register without undergoing the language and competence tests faced by other doctors from abroad , as long as their own countries ' regulators vouch for their credentials .
The Department of Health in England has already ordered that the NHS implement properly its existing system for safeguarding patients following a series of Guardian revelations and a damning coroner 's verdict on the case of 70 - year - old David Gray , who was accidentally given a massive overdose of a painkilling drug by Ubani in 2008 .
The GMC told the newspaper last August it could not guarantee the level of patient safety it wanted and in September , the Guardian reported how Ubani had failed in his first attempt to qualify for work in Britain and exploited the different ways local primary care trusts interpreted regulations on ensuring doctors were up to the job .
The current system , under which the GMC effectively says doctors are fit to practise and local primary care trusts ( PCTs ) ensure they are suitable for the individual job for which they are contracted directly or via private companies , has already been condemned in a government - commissioned review .
But today 's report by the health select committee wants more action .
Although Ubani 's disastrous first shift was in Cambridgeshire , he won his ticket to work in Britain by persuading Cornwall and Isles of Scilly primary care trust to add him to its performers ' list without language checks .
No disciplinary action has been taken within the trust nor by the NHS against the trust .
He had withdrawn an application to join a performers list run by the NHS in Leeds when he failed to score sufficient marks in an English test and did not provide guarantees he would only work locally .
Kevin Barron , the health committee chair , said : " It is tragic that it takes the death of a patient to expose the serious failings now evident in the current system for checking language and competence skills of overseas doctors .
" Everything possible must be done as soon as possible to ensure another life is not lost in this way . "
Stuart Gray , a GP and one of David Gray 's four sons , said : " When we brought this up with ministers last week , although they said the PCT is legally responsible , they did not have an answer about what do when PCTs breached the law .
" They are looking to make NHS managers personally legally liable but again could not state what ' punishment ' would be meted out . "
Steve Field , chairman of the Royal College of GPs and co-author of the government - commissioned review , supported " the need for urgent action to ensure PCTs and providers of care are working to current regulations " .
He added : " The evidence was many were not .
We have to ensure PCTs do what they are meant to do .
The evidence was that quality assurance of PCTs by strategic health authorities was not very good either . "
He said there should be a wider look at emergency care , including A&E services , out - of - hours medical provision and GP services .
Niall Dickson , chief executive of the GMC , said : " Doctors from outside the UK make a significant contribution to healthcare in this country but patient safety must always take priority over the free movement of labour . "
A Department of Health spokesman said : " PCTs were recently reminded that they should have undertaken all the checks set out in the Performers Lists Regulations to ensure that doctors on their lists have the necessary skills and are suitable to perform primary medical services .
A review of the Perfomers List is being undertaken and as part of this a national database of GPs is being looked at .
" The recent report into GP out of hours services by Dr David Colin - Thome and Professor Steve Field showed that there is variation in how PCTs commission and ensure delivery of out of hours services .
" All the recommendations made in the Colin - Thome / Field report were accepted in full .
These will tighten existing controls and ensure that out of hours providers are employing competent clinicians , providing safe and effective care .
" By April 2012 every provider of GP healthcare , including out of hours providers , will need to be registered with the Care Quality Commission and will be subject to checks on compliance . "
Electronic
Arts announced earlier today that it has signed a publishing agreement with Insomniac Games , the developer behind the Resistance , Spyro the Dragon and Ratchet & Clank franchises .
The agreement concerns an upcoming multiplatform title in a new franchise and universe that will come to the Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 .
This title , for which no details are available at this time , is the first game in the 16 - year existence of the studio that is being developed for more than a single platform .
Until now , the developer created games exclusively for the Sony Playstation .
In a video message directed at the Insomniac Games fanbase , CEO Ted Price reassured fans that this news does not imply the studio will cease to support popular franchises that have been published by Sony in the past .
According to Price , Insomniac Games remains dedicated to Sony , as well the Resistance and Ratchet & Clank franchises .
Insomniac Games remains an independent developer under the agreement , and therefore maintains control of the IP of this new franchise .
By Jonathan Amos
Science correspondent , BBC News , Vienna
More auroras would have been seen at lower latitudes
Scientists have managed to push back the date for the earliest known presence of a magnetic field on Earth by about 250 million years .
The evidence is seen in tiny iron minerals that are aligned inside ancient dacite rocks from the Barberton mountains in South Africa .
Analysis of the 3.45 - billion - year - old minerals indicates the strength the field was much weaker than today .
Earth 's magnetic field protects all life on the planet .
It forms a shield that deflects harmful particles from the Sun around our world , and limits the ability of this " solar wind " to erode our atmosphere .
The new work by Professor John Tarduno , from the University of Rochester , US , and colleagues has been discussed at a major Earth sciences meeting in Vienna , Austria .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Earth 's magnetic field is important to us , " Professor Tarduno told the European Geosciences Union meeting .
" [ 3.45 billion years ago ] is a really critical time because it's when we start seeing the first tentative signs of life , so perhaps these two things are linked together . "
The Rochester team has developed techniques for studying tiny magnetite minerals trapped inside the crystals of volcanic rock .
These minerals orientate themselves with respect to the Earth 's magnetic field in a cooling magma and lock their positions once the temperature in the host rock dips below 580C .
The Barberton samples indicate the nascent field was considerably weaker than today 's protective shield .
Whereas the modern boundary between our planet 's magnetosphere and the solar wind might be located ordinarily at about 10 Earth radii , the ancient boundary would have been much closer - perhaps three to five Earth radii , said Professor Tarduno .
He explained that one likely effect of this would have been the production of polar lights , or auroras , at much lower latitudes as many more solar particles breached the shield to collide with atmospheric molecules .
It probably also meant the atmosphere lost more of its lighter elements , like hydrogen , faster than had previously been supposed , argued Professor Tarduno .
The Barberton greenstone belt preserves some of the oldest rocks on the planet
" What that means in an evolutionary sense to us - and this is just speculation but something we want to follow it up - is that perhaps this is suggesting the Earth was much more water - rich very early on , " he said .
" If , even with this magnetic field , we are losing hydrogen and water , that would suggest the palaeo - Earth in its infant state must have had more water than we think about today . "
Professor Tarduno 's team is now looking back still deeper into the past for evidence of a global magnetic field .
The field is generated by convection currents in the molten - iron outer - core of the planet , and finding evidence of an even more ancient field would say much about the interior state of the young Earth .
There are volcanic rocks in Africa , India and Australia that possibly retain a record that is 3.6 bn years old .
" To go back even further in time , however , we do n't have the rocks available .
But what we do have is certain younger sedimentary rocks that record minerals which were eroded from more ancient rocks - as old as four billion years old , " Professor Tarduno told BBC News .
" We are developing techniques and we believe we can actually record the Earth 's magnetic field in these minerals also . "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
mujahedeen
Haaretz
In his May 10 column , “ All things not considered , ” Barry Rubin argues that even if Iran does n’t fire nuclear weapons at anyone , and even if it does n’t intend to , just its having nukes is enough reason for the world to stop it from getting them .
Rubin describes some of the horrific scenarios that could arise from Iran ’s going nuclear , insisting that the “ complacent , conventional wisdom , containment - is - no - problem mainstream ” has never come to grips with them .
Alright .
First of all , in Israel and the US , at least , the argument for containment – that it ’s safer and saner to deter Iran ’s prospective nukes than to start a war to pre-empt their manufacture – is anything but conventional wisdom .
Furthermore , it ’s not a complacent approach ; complacency implies doing nothing , and containment means the nuclear powers have to make sure their arsenals stay prohibitively superior to Iran’s .
We ’re talking eternal vigilance here .
But Rubin raises some interesting questions , and maybe he ’s right that nobody in the containment camp has ever answered them ; I know I have n’t in writing , so now I ’m going to try .
I THINK the arguments he makes do n’t hold up , and I still think the risks of attacking Iran , which has long - range missiles , chemical weapons , very possibly biological weapons and many other ways to devastate Israel , and not just Israel , far outweigh the risks of an Iran with nukes .
Rubin does n’t think Iran intends to fire nuclear weapons or even give them to a terrorist group , but asks :
What about an Iranian loose cannon ?
“ The chance of an Iranian Dr. Strangelove pushing a button , a mad ideologist rather than a mad scientist , is higher than that for the weapons held by the US , USSR / Russia , Britain , France or Israel over many decades .
” But he leaves out Pakistan .
And North Korea .
They already have nukes , and are n’t they as likely to have mad ideologists with access to the button as Iran ?
I ’m afraid it ’s too late to worry about Dr. Strangelove ; he ’s already in the building .
He ’s been here at least since Mao ’s China and Stalin ’s Soviet Union got the bomb , maybe since Truman ’s America dropped it on Hiroshima and Nagasaki .
Then Rubin warns that Iranian nukes would provide a “ defensive umbrella for aggression ” – that its allies , such as Hizbullah and Hamas , might be tempted to start wars in the belief that their enemies , including Israel , would be deterred by Iranian nuclear power from fighting back .
I think he ’s vastly underestimating the intelligence , knowledge of history and survival instincts of Hizbullah , Hamas and other radical Islamist groups .
The US , USSR and China fought each other ’s proxies all over the world for decades without being deterred by the other side ’s nuclear weapons .
Fear of Soviet nukes did n’t stop JFK from trying to knock over Castro in Cuba , just as fear of US nukes did n’t stop Soviet - backed Castro from fighting back .
Likewise , the threat of Soviet nuclear power did n’t stop the US from arming the anti-Sovietin Afghanistan , just as fear of US nukes did n’t stop the Soviets from fighting them .
THE LIST goes on and on .
Nuclear weapons have never been a defensive umbrella for aggression by anyone .
It ’s fair to assume Hizbullah and Hamas understand this .
Despite Rubin ’s contention , I think it is far - fetched that if and when Iran goes nuclear , Hizbullah or Hamas might attack this country in the belief that we would do nothing , that we would be afraid to defend ourselves because of what their big brother could do .
Finally , he argues that the Arab world would be even more intimidated by Iranian nuclear weapons than Israel because , unlike Israel , the Arab countries have no nuclear deterrent of their own and must depend on America ’s , which , in the Obama era , ca n’t be too reassuring .
“ They would still be afraid to do anything Iran did n’t like , not only because they did n’t have full trust in the Obama administration but also because by the time the US kept its pledge and retaliated they would all be dead .
” I understand that the Arab countries do n’t want Iran to get nuclear weapons , and will become very edgy if it happens – but I do n’t see their leaders bowing down to the mullahs and Ahmadinejad .
I do n’t see them handing over their power , or their land , or their oil , or becoming Shi’ites because Iran will nuke them if they do n’t and Obama ca n’t or wo n’t save them .
That ’s also far - fetched .
What I do think , though , is that nuclear proliferation is going to come to the Middle East – but I think it ’s going to come to the Middle East and beyond whether Iran gets the bomb or not .
In late 2007 , Amos Oz told : “ In another 15 years everyone will have nuclear arms , and the balance of terror will remove the threat of nuclear attack .
” I think Oz might have been exaggerating for effect – it ’s going to take more than 15 years , and the threat of nuclear attack will not be altogether removed .
But I agree with his basic point – that it ’s futile to try to stop nuclear proliferation , and that no matter how far it spreads , the balance of terror – MAD – will continue to be an awesome deterrent .
How long will it last ?
Who knows ?
But I think it ’s the only military approach to nuclear proliferation we ’ve got , because you ca n’t stop technological advancement with bombs , you ca n’t stop nations from wanting as good or better weapons than their enemies have , and you ca n’t stop second - or third - tier powers from wanting to join the first tier .
That ’s the way the world is .
And for those who say the answer is to get rid of all nuclear weapons , I ’m afraid that even if you could , you ca n’t get rid of the knowledge of how to make them – and someone will always want to make them , if only out of fear that his enemy is thinking the same thing .
If I could wave a wand and keep Iran from going nuclear , I would of course do so .
But looking back on nuclear history and looking forward at the unimaginable future , I think Iranian nukes do n’t amount to much more than coals to Newcastle .
Especially when you think of all the other catastrophic WMDs in Iran ’s hands right now .
Do we want to start a war against that ?
After the dust clears and the casualties are counted , will we be safe ?
To paraphrase Churchill on democracy , containment is the worst policy there is , except all the others .
It took longer than we thought , but then again , what does n’t ?
This is the second beta release of Rails 3.0 and hopefully our last stop before a release candidate .
There are still a handful of known regressions ( see the list at the end ) , but we ’ve made huge strides since the last release and so have auxiliary tools like Bundler .
You can find all the detailed changes in the the CHANGELOGs for each framework : Action Mailer , Action Pack , Active Record , Active Resource , Active Model , Active Support , Rails .
Please install beta 2 and try it out with new and existing applications .
( gem install rails -- prerelease after you make sure you ’re on Ruby Gems 1.3.6 with gem update -- system ) .
You can use Jeremy McAnally ’s excellent rails_upgrade plugin to take a 2.3.x app to 3.0 ( and get his update book too ) .
There are already a good number of Rails 3 applications live in the wild .
Thanks a million to everyone who ’s been working on this .
Rails 3 is a mighty big barn and it ’s been a joy seeing the community come together to raise it .
Note that Ruby 1.8.7 p248 and p249 has marshaling bugs that crash both Rails 2.3.x and Rails 3.0.0 .
Ruby 1.9.1 outright segfaults on Rails 3.0.0 , so if you want to use Rails 3 with 1.9.x , jump on 1.9.2 trunk for smooth sailing .
In the wake of splashy coverage of the porn scandal at the Securities and Exchange Commission , called a political ploy by a sleuthing watchdog , Rep. Barney Frank ( D - MA ) told MSNBC on Friday that deregulation of banks was the real problem .
“ The Republican philosophy was one that said , ‘ Do not regulate .
Let the market do it better , ' ” said Frank .
“ That was a conscious policy preference by the people in power , namely to defer to the market in almost every instance and under regulate . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
As Congress battles financial reform , the SEC is already under attack for failing to curtail dirty deals by Lehman Brothers and letting Bernie Madoff ’s ponzi scheme go unnoticed for years .
Porn viewing among high - ranking SEC staff , however , has been public knowledge for some time .
Marian
Wang at the investigative news group ProPublica wondered if it is a coincidence that Republicans opposed to financial reform “ suddenly ” have plenty to say “ about how troubling the porn problem at the SEC is . ”
Rep. Darrell Issa ( R - CA ) criticized what he considered a politicized SEC after commissioners voted 3 - 2 to sue the investment bank Goldman Sachs for defrauding investors .
Just as Republicans questioned the timing of the suit , now questions are being asked about the GOP strategy of pointing to the porn issue .
“ Is it a coincidence , ” Wang writes , “ that the SECÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s porn problem has resurfaced in the headlines after Sen.
Chuck Grassley , a Republican from Iowa , specifically requested a report from the inspector general ? ”
Wang ’s blog post today features a provocative headline , “ Is the SEC porn story a new problem , or a political ploy ? ”
Meanwhile , the AP , ABC News , CNN and other national news organizations have been driving traffic to the porn story all day .
ADVERTISEMENT
MSNBC ’s Andrea Mitchell asked House Banking Committee Chairman Frank , “ Do you think maybe we ’ve just finally figured out why the SEC missed the whole Madoff thing ?
Where we now have an internal report that says they found some of the people at the SEC on pornography sites for thousands and thousands of hours , sometimes as much as eight hours a day ? ”
Frank reply in full was , “ I think that is a factor , but how do people get there ?
The culture of the SEC , and here , you have to get political in the voter ’s sense .
The republican philosophy was one that said , do not regulate .
Let the market do it better .
We had a hearing earlier this week on the Lehman Brothers issue where the SEC was found by the bankruptcy examiner to have been clearly deficient in 2006 and 2007 and the examiner said the SEC did n’t do its job .
My Republican colleagues said yeah , but we do n’t need to change the regulation .
That was a conscious policy preference by the people that in power , namely to defer to the market in almost every instance and to under regulate . ”
This video is from MSNBC ’s Andrea Mitchell Reports , broadcast April 23 , 2010 .
UPDATED : 1:14 a.m .
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
Late at night when the demons come , whether it is just during the summer or perhaps for years beyond , they will be of what happened Tuesday night .
Whenever a playoff series is tied 2 - 2 , Game 5 automatically earns the tag " pivotal . "
But that is n't accurate for what the Cavaliers faced in their Game 5 against the Boston Celtics .
It was n't just pivotal for the series , it may indeed end up being pivotal for the entire franchise .
The Cavs lost , 120 - 88 , to fall down 3 - 2 in the series as it shifts back to Boston , where the soaring and slick - executing Celtics will try to slam the door on another Cleveland title bid on Thursday .
In the wreck that remained of the Cavaliers , however , that seemed but a trivial detail .
No , the series is n't over .
But it would be hard to build a case of anything otherwise after the performance the home team gave .
Even if that was what the Cavs reverted to in the wake of defeat .
" There was little that we did right , " Cavs coach Mike Brown said .
" We can't dismiss this game , but we have to get ready for Game 6 .
We 'll learn a lot about ourselves in Game 6 . "
All the lessons from the Game 5 experience , however , were ominous .
Once again , the Cavs faced a game in which they were not only expected to play with energy and focus but also like a team that had won 127 regular - season games over the last two years and were the No. 1 seed in the NBA playoffs .
But once again they played like a team not sure of its place or the stakes .
Once again that included LeBron James , the Most Valuable Player who has become the Most Variable Player in a matter of days .
His mysterious elbow injury could explain his flat jumper that plagued him for most of Game 5 .
Injuries and poor games happens to the greatest .
For the third time in the series , James was a shell of himself -- limping to just 15 points on 3 - of - 14 shooting .
That will be a line in the historical box score , but it wo n't be the story .
With a stiff resolve , James declined to blame the elbow or anything else for the below - standard performances .
" I put a lot of pressure on myself to go out be great and the best player on the court , " James said .
" When I 'm not , I feel bad for myself because I 'm not going out there and doing the things I know I can do .
But I do n't hang my head low and make excuses , because that is not the type of player or the type of person I am . "
But the was no missing the malaise and broken - looking spirit that hung on James ' face and body language during the game .
He could offer no insight other that he was battling expectation as much as the Celtics .
" I spoil a lot of people with my play , " James said .
" When you have three bad games in a seven - year career , it is easy to point that out . "
There was a horde of New York - based media in town to document what some thought could be James ' last home game as a Cavalier .
With the dire situation in the series -- 66 percent of teams who drop Game 5 in a tied series also lose the series -- and James headed for free agency with a whimper , that reality was coursing through the veins of the tense and tepid sellout .
James attempted to brush that feeling off as well as he could .
" I did n't even think about it , me sitting up here and saying it could me our last game , " James said .
" It would n't be me , it would n't be our team . "
Not to be overlooked was the Celtics ' role in the slow death .
They have pretty much outplayed the Cavs in four of the five games played so far .
That peaked Tuesday when they got tremendous games out of no fewer than five players , a feat in a road playoff game that was breathtaking in its own right .
They undercut everything Cavs coach Mike Brown tried as a countermeasure to the disaster that was happening on the floor .
Defensive switches were ineffective .
Lineup changes made no difference .
Whatever happened in timeouts and in the locker room at halftime could not be called anything but failures .
It deteriorated into the Cavs having to foul poor Celtics free - throw shooters with five minutes left just to attempt to get the Boston lead under 20 points .
It was a white - flag measure undertaken by a desperate team .
Ray Allen sent jumpers splashing into the basket over whomever the Cavs put on him , but mostly it was Mo Williams , who also probably had his lowest moment as a Cav. Rajon Rondo was scoreless in the first half but feasted when Williams was switched over to defend him when Allen was done with the tormenting .
The Celtics ' point guard ended with 16 points and seven assists .
Paul Pierce broke out of his slump in a big way by playing like James usually does , contributing and creating all night .
He had 21 points , 11 rebounds and seven assists .
Kevin Garnett continued to look like his knee was 100 percent , lobbing shots over Antawn Jamison for 18 points on 8 - of - 14 shooting .
Glen Davis came off the bench and vanquished the Cavs ' defense with 15 points , showing more energy than anyone wearing white .
The only Cav who seemed to get the value of the game was Shaquille O'Neal , who never quit playing and was aggressive from the start .
He had 21 points on 7 - of - 11 shooting .
But it was so too little , too late that it was stunning .
The Cavs allowed 55 percent shooting and 23 second - chance points , relics of their poor effort carrying over to another game .
In the end , they were booed off the floor .
" We played awful , " James said .
" They had every right to boo us .
They have seen us at the highest level , they have seen us at the lowest level . "
The tea party ' movement ' has little organizational structure to speak of , and its candidates have so far failed to make a dent in Republican primaries .
| REUTERS
The tea party 's exaggerated importance
2009 was the year when many journalists concluded they were slow to recognize the anti-government , anti-Obama rage that gave birth to the tea party movement .
2010 is the year when news organizations have decided to prove they get it .
Advertisement
And get it .
And get it some more .
Part of the reason is the timeless truth in media that nothing succeeds like excess .
But part of the reason is a convergence of incentives for journalists and activists on left and right alike to exaggerate both the influence and exotic traits of the tea -party movement .
In fact , there is a word for what poll after poll depicts as a group of largely white , middle - class , middle - aged voters who are aggrieved : Republicans .
But just read the succession of New York Times stories , profiling newly energized activists who are “ bracing for tyranny . ”
Or follow the dispatches of the CNN crews who went along with two national Tea Party Express bus tours .
Or delve into the crosstabs of polls conducted in the past few weeks by the Times , CNN , and , POLITICO about the opinions and demographic characteristics of tea partiers .
Or check out the blogger the Washington Post hired to chronicle their movement .
The findings have been unveiled with the earnest detachment of Margaret Mead reporting her findings among teenage girls in Samoa .
Indifference has given way to curiosity , and — in recent weeks especially — to a nearly manic obsession that sometimes seems to place the tea partiers somewhere near the suffragettes and the America - Firsters in the historical ranking of mass political movements .
Pew 's Project for Excellence in Journalism , which tracks media reports , found that the tea parties consumed a steady measure of news for most of this year before exploding during tax week to compete with the Icelandic volcano for attention and outstripping health care with 6 % of all media reports that week .
But various sides have their own reasons for finding something new and arresting in the spasms of outrage personified by the tea partiers .
The right sees the protests as evidence of a popular revolt against President Barack Obama — proof of a changing tide they believe will bring massive victories in 2010 and 2012 .
The left sees them as evidence of incipient fascism and an opposition to Obama rooted in racism — proof of the beyond - the - pale illegitimacy of large swaths of the conservative moment .
The tea party “ movement , ” meanwhile , has little organizational structure to speak of .
True tea party candidates – as opposed to establishment figures like former Florida House Speaker Marco Rubio who have gladly adopted the label – have failed to make a dent so far in Republican primaries .
The one true tea partier poised to make a splash , Kentucky GOP Senate candidate Rand Paul , is an imperfect example thanks to his being the son of Rep. Ron Paul ( R - Texas ) , who still commands a national following after his quixotic presidential race .
The tea parties ’ main expression has been public gatherings .
But last week ’s Tax Day crowds were not representative of a force that is purportedly shaping the country ’s politics .
About a thousand people showed up in state capitals like Des Moines , Montgomery and Baton Rouge – and even fewer in large cities like Philadelphia , Boston and Milwaukee .
In some cases , turnout was less than the original protests spurred by the stimulus , bailouts , financial crisis and new Democratic president last April 15th .
In Washington , about 10,000 people showed up on the national Mall last week – a rally worth covering but far fewer than the tens of thousands who marched in support of immigration reform in March .
“ If I organized a rally for stronger laws to protect puppies , I would get 100,000 people to Washington , ” Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell cracked on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press ” Sunday .
“ So , I think the media has blown the tea party themselves out of proportion . "
What ’s more , the eruption of protest after a president of a new party takes the country in a new direction is a standard feature of modern American politics .
Ronald Reagan ’s election produced record - breaking rallies for the now - forgotten Nuclear Freeze movement .
The right , with rhetoric and occasional excesses that are almost identical to those of today , rose up angrily against Bill Clinton in the mid-1990s .
And just a few years ago , hundreds of thousands of Americans turned out to rally against the Iraq war .
Now , veterans of those protests – covered largely as spot news and spectacle – wonder why they did n’t get the weighty , anthropological treatment assigned to the tea parties .
“ They ’re being treated with a lot more respect than the anti-war movement was , ” said Cindy Sheehan , the mother of a soldier who died in Iraq , who became the most visible face of those protests .
“ The anti-war movement has always been treated as a fringe movement – even though at the height of our movement we had hundreds of thousands of people at protests and the majority of public opinion on our side , ” said Sheehan , who spoke to POLITICO from a bus on her way to an Oregon protest against the Afghan war .
“ Nobody is polling us to find out our thoughts and opinions on things , ” she added .
The polling has discovered what the Republican officials who have allied themselves with the tea parties already knew :
That the new energy and organization is a function of an inflamed conservative grassroots already basically aligned with one party .
“ There is definitely some anger at the GOP over our big spending ways , but generally this is an Obama protest vote , ” says Republican strategist Mike Murphy .
Polls indicated that tea party adherents overwhelmingly support GOP candidates .
Over 70 percent backed John McCain in 2008 , according to POLITICO ’s own in - person survey of those who attended the tax day rally in Washington .
And a New York Times poll released last week showed that 40 percent of self - identified tea party supporters indicated a desire for a third party – less than the 46 percent of overall respondents to the survey who said they ’d like to see an option besides the Republicans and Democrats .
“ No one should mistake tea partiers for swing voters , ” said Democratic strategist Paul Begala , noting surveys that show the group largely identifies as either Republican or independents who lean toward the GOP .
“ Those who say they 're independent do not choose that status because the Democrats are too liberal but because the Republicans are too conservative . ”
Other polling suggests that the protests , while much discussed within the political class , has n’t entirely pierced the consciousness of average Americans .
A new Pew poll out this week with a national sample of 2,505 found that 31 percent of those surveyed had never even heard of the tea party movement – and another 30 percent had no opinion of them .
The media fascination , trickling down from A1 of the New York Times , for instance , to A1 of the Arizona Republic , is prompting a second round of anthropology , this time from aggravated political professionals .
Murphy , who calls the attention “ absolutely ridiculous , ” sees it of a piece with what has become the biennial compulsion in the political community to hold up a newly - discovered , and always pivotal , bloc of voters ; Like the Angry White Males , NASCAR Dads , Soccer Moms of election cycles past – only on steroids .
“ There is this urge to give any political development a catchy name and a picture , ” he lamented , adding the familiar Republican complaint that well - educated , left - leaning , coast - dwelling reporters view middle America through an elitist lens .
“ These young reporters fly to the wilds of Oklahoma or Kentucky , find a bunch of folks in Uncle Sam suits hollering and come back thinking they ’ve got some hot scoop , ” Murphy said .
The coverage began , notes Republican consultant Alex Castellanos , with not much more than bemused mockery : “ ’ How amusing , the peasants are revolting ’ ”
Now it has reached a level of worried fascination .
Or , as Castellanos put it , “ The peasants actually are revolting ! ”
In some ways , perceptions of the tea partiers have become much like the politician most frequently identified with the movement – Sarah Palin .
For both the left and the right , both have become symbols that outweigh their actual impact – thanks largely to excessive media attention .
Conservatives mostly rush to defend them while liberals delight in mocking them , and reporters ca n’t get enough of the spectacle .
And , as with Palin , the tea parties enjoy an unlikely convergence of saturation coverage from media outlets across the political spectrum .
The more ideologically - driven cable networks have something near ideal for television news in the modern era : vivid images of political activism that can either be celebrated ( Fox ) or mocked ( MSNBC ) .
And columnists and editorial writers from the mainstream media have something to celebrate or deplore .
“ It feeds the paranoia of the New York Times and provides pictures of conflict and color for TV , ” said Murphy .
Debate this story in the Arena .
Ghostery ® is a Cliqz company .
Learn more about Cliqz .
©Cliqz International GmbH , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Cliqz GmbH .
All rights reserved .
Dr Karl › Dr Karl 's Great Moments
In Science › [ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
Once -only button pushers get green light
Dr Karl has been leaning on a lamp post wondering why , in our up - to - the - minute , fully - downloadable world , we are n't prepared to wait for anything ?
We all spend time waiting for a lift to arrive , or waiting as a pedestrian to cross the road at the traffic lights .
There 's always somebody who will try to speed things along by jabbing their finger on the button over and over .
These people wrongly think that the more often and more vigorously they press the button , the quicker the elevator or walk light will appear .
They 're wrong .
There are several different types of control circuits to manage traffic lights .
Some traffic lights have no external detectors or press buttons at all , because they 're in a large city where there 's constant traffic day and night .
These traffic lights simply work on timers .
But in areas where the traffic is less , such as in the suburbs or on country roads , a combination of control box , car detectors and input switches is used .
The control box has timers , processing circuitry and relays .
The car detectors can be anything from rubber hoses full of air to super - sensitive lasers .
But the most common detection technique today is the inductive loop , coils of wire embedded in the surface of the road .
When a car ( which has a lot of metal in it ) rolls over these coils of wire , it becomes part of the circuit , which then tells the control box that a car has arrived at the lights .
( By the way , some very small motorbikes do n't have enough metal to set off the more insensitive inductive loops , which is why you sometimes see the rider jumping off and pressing the walk button . )
The walk button is the most common input switch .
But most city traffic lights can accept an override command from the control centre .
For example , to give a continuous set of green lights for ambulances , fire trucks or VIPs .
You 've probably noticed that when you press the walk button sometimes the lights change almost immediately , while at other times there 's a delay of a few minutes .
The long delays usually happen in rush hour when you ( the pedestrian ) want to stop the road traffic , so that you can cross the road .
The rationale behind this decision is that it is better to keep one person waiting ( that 's you ) rather than hundreds ( that 's the road traffic trying to get in or out of town ) .
But the important thing is this it takes only one stab of your finger on a button to set the process going .
You can press it once or you can press 100 times .
It does n't make any difference to the control circuit .
It 's exactly the same with the call button on an elevator .
One single press is all you need .
In the UK , there used to be a system that counted the number of times that a pedestrian pushes the button .
It used this information to regulate pedestrian waiting time .
But it was discontinued .
In New York , the traffic lights are increasingly being controlled by computers .
So the buttons are becoming obsolete .
Fewer than 20 per cent of the buttons feed signals to the control boxes .
The remaining 80 per cent are empty props .
In downtown Sydney , the buttons have no effect between 7 am and 7 pm , Monday to Wednesday ; and 7 am to 9 pm , Thursday to Saturday .
However , they do work outside these hours , including all day Sunday .
The rationale is that between these busy hours , road traffic is relatively constant , and the crossings are always being used .
But Harold Scruby , the executive director of the Pedestrian Council of Australia , said that " the pedestrian phases were too short , and that handicapped and elderly people found crossing the road before the red man appeared to be impossible " .
In general , people vastly over - estimate the amount of time they spend waiting at traffic lights and elevators .
Even if the wait is just 60 seconds , it feels like minutes .
Of course , if you 're a fan of conspiracy theories , some people claim that the buttons are just there to trick the ignorant and taunt the wise , and have no effect at all and are not even wired into the circuit .
They are convinced that the green light or the elevator always follow the timing program and turn up when the control program dictates .
They reckon that these buttons are just a modern mechanical placebo , designed to placate the hyperactive people in our society .
^ to top
Sens. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) , Lindsey Graham ( R - S.C. ) , and Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) will drop their climate change bill this month .
Although success will depend on action and support from the Senate as a whole , key individuals inside and outside the halls of Congress will shape the legislation and steer it through the political and public relations minefields it will have to navigate successfully in order to pass into law .
Here is a list of the top ten climate change legislation champions at the heart of the battle .
By Rachel Rose Hartman with Aaron Wiener at the Washington Independent , the Colorado Independent ’s sister site in D.C ,
Click here to begin slideshow .
Yesterday morning during KPFT 's biannual pledge drive , the station was paying homage to recently deceased color - barrier breaker Lena Horne by giving away copies of her biography
and highlighting a 40 - minute interview with the black singer / actress about her relationship with whites in the entertainment industry and civil rights activists like W.E.B. DuBois .
Forty years ago today , the station , which had been on the air for only two months , was bombed by Jimmy Dale Hutto , a Grand Wizard in the Ku Klux Klan who objected to the Pacifica station 's Progressive forum and messages such as Horne's .
According to the blog
, KPFT is the first , second and
radio station in the United States to have its transmitter blown up by terrorists .
This year , the station celebrates its 40th anniversary as the fourth Pacifica radio station in America and the first listener - supported radio in Houston .
The nine - minute video above details the first bombing and the station 's founding .
According to
, members of the Klan orchestrated the bombing by ingratiating themselves into Houston 's early - 1970s progressive political scene .
Space City ! , in its Nov. 14 , 1970 issue , reported that two well - known Klansmen - Louis Beam and Jim Hutto - were picked up driving with their lights off near a local radio station after a bomb threat had been called in .
They were equipped in paramilitary garb , " with several rifles , a bottle of gasoline and a walkie - talkie . "
They had been spotted near the Space City ! office earlier in the evening .
They were released without charges .
Louis Beam -- who was implicated in the KPFT bombing and the bombing of a Socialist Workers Party headquarters in Houston -- would himself become a Grand Dragon , spend some time on the FBI 's most wanted list , be acquitted of sedition and become a leader of the Aryan Nation and the Christian Identity movement .
Frank Converse admitted that the Klan had members working undercover in the police and city government .
And , " for over two years we kept Klansmen working in the SDS , " he said , but added that they had pulled them out for fear their cover would be blown .
It goes on :
Jim Hutto had in fact successfully infiltrated Houston SDS for a bit , selling himself as a working class hero .
The Klan attempted to infiltrate the Space City !
staff but scrawny and clueless " Mike Love " did n't fool anyone for long .
In what - through the coolness of retrospection - seems genuinely knuckleheaded , a couple of staffers actually went to a cross- burning and photographed Love in full Klan regalia .
Space City ! ran the photos in the next issue .
It took the station nearly three weeks to get its transmitter back up and running .
The second bombing occurred in October of the same year , as Arlo Guthrie 's song " Alice 's Restaurant " was on the air , taking the station down for three full months .
Hutto apparently bragged to someone that the KPFT bombings were the greatest thing he 'd ever done .
This led to his arrest by the FBI for conspiracy in the KPFT bombings , as well as plots to blow up the Pacifica stations in Berkeley and Los Angeles .
Ironically , the man who turned him was Russell Rector , an informant who had joined the Klan at the behest of the FBI .
According to a now - defunct online bulletin board for supremacists , the Klan were not very big fans of Rector , who is apparently in the Witness Protection program .
Also according to that board :
Jimmy Hutto was charged with conspiracy as the Federals has no evidence as to who actually committed the bombings .
Though no doubt the station needed to be bombed to hell , there is no evidence Hutto planned such a patriotic Christian act .
The station has also been the target of some bizarre violent incidents in recent years .
In 2008 , a knife - wielding man demanded access to the studio .
He was arrested without incident .
The year before that , as the station was wrapping up its Spring pledge drive , someone fired a bullet through the station 's front window , narrowly missing station programmer Mary Thomas .
That crime has never been solved .
Hey , some people can't stand those pledge drives .
Making the rounds , are we Google ?
Just over 24 hours after we saw an AT&T - friendly Nexus
One go on sale , along come Sprint yelling " me too ! " at the top of its lungs .
Today marks the day that Google 's first - ever smartphone now has at least a holding place on all four of the major US carriers , with T - Mobile nabbing it first and Verizon users still waiting for that vague " spring release . "
Unfortunately , Sprint 's making us wait when it comes to finding out an exact price and release date , but at least we 're assured that both are coming " soon . "
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Team US F1 has now closed down following its failure to make the grid this season , according to reports emerging out of the United States .
The Charlotte Business Journal quoted an email sent from team boss Ken Anderson telling staff that they were being permanently laid off due to what he described as ' serious economic and funding challenges . '
Staff had been put on unpaid leave shortly before the start of the season when it became clear that US F1 was not going to be able to get a car ready for the 2010 campaign .
The newspaper said that Anderson told staff that if the team suddenly found fresh investment and was resurrected then they could be re-hired - although such a situation appears unlikely .
The closure of US F1 brings an end to the dream of Anderson and sporting director Peter Windsor of getting an American team into F1 .
The Charlotte - based team had received investment from YouTube co-founder Chad Hurley but claimed its situation went downhill when a potential sponsor withdrew in January .
Anderson has been unavailable for comment to confirm that the team was now officially shut down .
India 's new copyright bill sounds like a pretty good piece of work : it declares private , personal copying to be " fair dealing " ( like US fair use ) and limits the prohibition on breaking DRM so that it 's only illegal to do so if you 're also violating copyright .
That means that you can break the DRM on your iPad to move your books to your Kindle or vice - versa .
It also makes it legal to make , distribute and sell tools to accomplish this .
India Introduces Major Copyright Reform Bill
Copyright
SPX Stock Market Index Targets 1230 Trend Reversal Level
Current Position of the Market
Very Long - term trend - Down !
The very - long - term cycles are down and if they make their lows when expected , the bear market which started in October 2007 should continue until 2014 .
SPX : Long - term trend - Up !
We are in a medium - term bull market , which is a corrective move within a long term bear market .
This bull market should last until 2011
SPX : Intermediate trend -
It is more than likely than the index has made a top of intermediate nature .
Unless it can hold above the 1044 level , the downtrend will probably continue until the Fall .
Analysis of the short - term trend is done on a daily basis with the help of hourly charts .
It is an important adjunct to the analysis of daily and weekly charts which determines the course of longer market trends .
Daily market analysis of the short term trend is reserved for subscribers .
If you would like to sign up for a FREE 4 - week trial period of daily comments , please let me know at ajg@cybertrails.com .
Overview :
What happened to the stock market last week was not a glitch .
It is representative of the current automated trading environment .
Unless some curbs are implemented , more catastrophic corrections of this sort lie ahead .
From its last interim low of 1044.50 the SPX had risen to its projected level , give or take 10 points , and was vulnerable to a correction .
A moderate decline started from the 1220 level , and by Tuesday of last week , it had found brief support at the 20 - DMA .
It broke that support on Wednesday and on Thursday , a massive computer sell program was activated which took the index down 100 points for the day followed by a rebound of 70 points all , literally , in a matter of minutes .
At one point , the DJIA was down nearly 1000 points .
Some really weird things happened during this drop : a 40 - dollar stock went to 1cent , and another apparently rose to $ 100,000 .
Although one could argue that there was justification for a correction of that magnitude based on the technical condition of the market , the speed at which it happened is the issue .
If unrestricted computer trading is allowed to continue , the stock market is going to become a gambling casino which , because of the risk involved , will lose its investor base .
What has this lightning correction done to the market trend ?
Probably , it has started an intermediate decline which was not " supposed " to begin until the end of May , according to some top analysts .
And , since most market indicators are short - term oversold , but not in a position to start a rally , there is risk of further decline before a counter - rally develops .
From a pure technical standpoint , an intermediate decline will not be confirmed until the SPX trades below its last interim low of 1044.50 .
Although sentiment has become extremely bullish for the market after last week , the indicators will have to move back into a buy position before we can rally .
This will be accomplished through a series of short advances and declines ( at least one each ) which create a pattern of deceleration showing that the selling is abating and that buyers are ready to take over .
That 's the way it normally works , but are we operating in a new norm ?
More likely , the market 's basic structural frame work has not been impaired , and neither have the cycles been affected .
The rapid drop in prices may have vindicated the Elliot Wave Theory which was predicting such a decline -- although the anticipated timing left something to be desired .
If this is a " wave 3 of primary nature " , we should see a wave 4 rally followed by a wave 5 to new lows .
There is an alternate count which would make this a " B " wave .
Analysis
Chart Pattern and Momentum
Let 's see what damage was done to the long - term charts .
On the Monthly Chart ( left ) , the index stopped rising where expected ( at the dotted line ) , and is beginning to follow the anticipated future pattern based on cycles .
There is still nothing to suggest that we have a long - term reversal .
In question is whether or not the reversal of the 4 - year cycle in the Fall can propel the market to new highs before the final precipitous drop into 2014 .
The Weekly Chart ( right ) has given a sell signal which , based on the cycles which lie ahead , is probably of intermediate nature .
The 3 indicators gave a sell signal along with the price index .
Technically , however , until the last low of 1044.50 has been penetrated to the downside , the SPX remains in an intermediate uptrend .
The bottom indicator clearly shows the weakness of the third and last leg .
The decline was not a matter of if , but when and how .
Both turned out to be a bit of a surprise , especially the " how " .
We 'll now take a look at the Daily Chart .
The short - term up - channel from early February was represented by the brown channel .
The steep decline came right after prices moved out of it .
In the process , they also broke through the blue channel which encompasses the price parameter from the March 2009 low .
The index is now resting on the 200 - DMA .
In order to confirm the downtrend as intermediate , all they have to do is break below it , and subsequently penetrate the former low at 1044 .
That may not happen right away because the index is very oversold and should experience a rally before moving lower .
The indicators are at the lows of their range , but still not in a position to start a meaningful rally .
There is neither deceleration nor divergence showing .
A rally followed by another decline is needed to improve their profile .
One , and perhaps two cycles bottomed on Thursday and Friday .
It 's possible that the 20 - wk cycle was partly responsible for last week 's decline .
It 's not unusual for this cycle to be one or two weeks off its regular phase .
If it has bottomed , it will be instrumental in causing a rally .
The Hourly Chart clearly shows that the index has not yet recovered from its weakness .
There are still a greater number of sellers than buyers .
A lot of trading has taken place at this level since last Thursday 's decline .
This shows up best on a one - point reversal P& F chart which , as of Friday , already measured 111 points across .
Everything considered , it looks more like a large base is being formed , but it could also be distribution to be followed by another down move .
We should know which it is by next week .
The trend has steepened dramatically since the sell - off .
In order to rally , the index will have to break through its down trend line .
The indicators , which are already in an uptrend favor such a rally ; but it will find resistance at the former rally top ( red line ) and , if it moves higher , at the bottom of its former channel ( heavy brown lines ) .
If such a rally develops , it could be considered normal back - testing of the former blue channel .
It is very likely that this overhead resistance will set it back , but if the pull - back is not too severe , and it resumes its uptrend and manages to get back inside its former channels ( blue and brown ) it would be a sign of strength .
If the index has formed a base , there is enough count in the Point and Figure chart to do just that , and even more .
Cycles
If the 20 - wk cycle did make its low on Thursday and the 26 - day cycle bottomed on Friday , considering the deeply oversold market state and very favorable sentiment , the two combined should produce a decent rally .
This would fulfill our previous expectation that 5/20 would either produce new high , or a re-test of the high .
The market will have a limited time window during which to rally , as dominant cycles -- the 17 - wk and the 2 - yr cycles are not very far ahead .
And then , of course , they will be followed by the 4 - year and 9 - month cycles bottoming in the Fall .
Projections :
As mentioned earlier , The Point & Figure chart has already built what appears to be a substantial base which is divided into distinct phases .
If that base is complete and we start to rally on Monday , these are the projections derived from each phase :
1st phase : absolute minimum , 1143 .
Moderate count , 1149 .
Maximum , 1152 .
2nd phase : minimum , 1167 .
Maximum , 1175 .
3rd phase : minimum , 1195 .
Total base count : 1217
Each one of these targets is capable of bringing about a reversal which could be either interim or final .
The technical background at the time the projection is reached will determine which it is .
If there is a re-test of the lows before we start up , it will invalidate the given counts as the base will be expanded .
If the " accumulation " turns out to be distribution instead , that phase is not yet complete and we have to wait for a rally to complete it .
If this happens to be the case , we will re-visit the projections in the future .
I mentioned in the last newsletter that the QQQQ had a potential projection to 51.50 .
It appears that it satisfied itself with a move to 50.65 before giving up .
Just a little shy of the potential target .
Breadth
The creation of an intermediate A/D indicator for the weekly chart showed the vulnerability of the third leg of the rally from March 2009 .
The NYSE Summation index displayed below ( courtesy of StockCharts.com ) did not as clearly display the vulnerability of the market .
At the top , it was overbought and although it displayed long - term divergence with its September 2009 peak , it did not show any near - term negative divergence with the shorter - term peak of January 2010 .
Normally , it requires a move below zero before confirming that the uptrend is over .
In fact , just as the SPX has to break below 1044 to confirm an intermediate downtrend , this indicator will have to go lower than its February low to suggest that such a downtrend has started .
Just like our daily indicators , the RSI has become oversold , but probably needs a little more work before starting to rise again .
Market Leaders and Sentiment
The graph of the NDX / SPX relative strength ( provided courtesy of StockCharts.com ) shows a mild divergence , but nothing serious .
The chart shows only a short - term corrective downtrend , but the MACD suggest that it is not yet ready to turn .
At this stage , it does not seem to be a significant threat to the SPX 's intermediate trend .
The Sentiment Reader ( courtesy of same ) is even more glaring in its suggestion that we could be near an important low .
But we should keep in mind that this is not a specific timing indicator .
The VIX chart ( below ) agrees with the NDX / SPX graph , in that it shows no immediate sign of topping .
The dollar index is still an important gauge of market direction as it continues to move in a distinctly opposite direction to the equity market .
The above chart of its ETF ( UUP ) shows that it is breaking out of a major downtrend with the indicators confirming this as a valid break - out .
The dollar P&F chart -- presently at 85 -- tells us that it could reach 92 .
However , the indicators are overbought and could soon develop negative divergence and cause a pull - back from a slightly higher level .
Break - outs have a tendency to back - test the trend lines which they have just broken .
Summary
The weight of evidence suggests that the SPX made an important top at 1220 and that it is probably not yet ready to reverse its short - term downtrend until more work has been done to put the daily indicators in a better position .
This could come in the form of a sideways move or a re-testing of the lows , and not necessary in a new low for the index .
What is less clear , is whether or not this will develop into an intermediate top .
The index would have to drop more than 70 points to confirm that it has and it may not be ready to do that before a substantial rally to retest the high takes place .
If this is the case , the time window for such a rally is very limited , as dominant bottoming cycles should soon exert downward pressure on prices which may keep the SPX in a downtrend until the Fall .
If precision in market timing is something which is important to you , you should consider a trial subscription to my service .
It is free , and you will have four weeks to evaluate the claims made by the following subscribers :
If precision in market timing is something which is important to you , you should consider a trial subscription to my service .
It is free , and you will have four weeks to evaluate the claims made by the following subscribers :
Awesome calls on the market lately .
Thank you .
D M
Your daily updates have taken my trading to the next level .
D
… your service has been invaluable !
It 's like having a good technical analyst helping me in my trading .
SH
I appreciate your spot on work more than you know ! M
But do n't take their word for it !
Find out for yourself with a FREE 4 - week trial .
Send an email to ajg@cybertrails.com .
By Andre Gratian
MarketTurningPoints.com
A market advisory service should be evaluated on the basis of its forecasting accuracy and cost .
At $ 25.00 per month , this service is probably the best all - around value .
Two areas of analysis that are unmatched anywhere else -- cycles ( from 2.5 -wk to 18 - years and longer ) and accurate , coordinated Point & Figure and Fibonacci projections -- are combined with other methodologies to bring you weekly reports and frequent daily updates .
“ By the Law of Periodical Repetition , everything which has happened once must happen again , and again , and again -- and not capriciously , but at regular periods , and each thing in its own period , not another ’s , and each obeying its own law …
The same Nature which delights in periodical repetition in the sky is the Nature which orders the affairs of the earth .
Let us not underrate the value of that hint . ” -- Mark Twain
You may also want to visit the Market Turning Points website to familiarize yourself with my philosophy and strategy.www.marketurningpoints.com
Disclaimer -
The above comments about the financial markets are based purely on what I consider to be sound technical analysis principles uncompromised by fundamental considerations .
They represent my own opinion and are not meant to be construed as trading or investment advice , but are offered as an analytical point of view which might be of interest to those who follow stock market cycles and technical analysis .
Andre Gratian Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Our Purpose
In everything we do , we ask ourselves whether or not the result of our action will make us more insightful so we actively seek our residents ’ input , immersing ourselves in their needs to come up with the right solution .
Grover already has a superhero alias , so why should n't he pick one up as tournament - ready master of Yoga Fire as well ?
This seems to have been thought process at work for deviantART user Matt Crane who put together a gallery of Street Fighter Muppet and Sesame Street mash - ups that look like nothing you 're liable to see in an Udon comic anytime soon
- at least as far as any public announcements that have been made are concerned .
If Capcom , Udon and Sesame Workshop feel like scheduling a meeting at Comic - Con International this year , however , they should wholeheartedly consider inviting Crane , whose deviantART user account is gavacho13 .
There , he 's buffed up Burt and Ernie to Liefeldian proportions as Ryu and Ken , furried up E. Honda as Cookie Monster and scarred up Big Bird to become a master of the Tiger Uppercut .
The Oscar the Grouch Blanka jam may be most inspired of all , though I do n't know how well that trash can is going to conduct electricity for his shock attacks .
Check out a full smattering of gavacho13 's mashups after the jump .
[ Source : Kotaku ]
By Rory Cellan- Jones
Technology Correspondent , BBC News
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss competed in the Beijing Olympics .
The two Americans who were awarded millions of dollars after claiming they had come up with the idea for Facebook say their legal battle is n't over .
Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss studied at Harvard University alongside Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg , where they started a site called ConnectU .
In 2008 a protracted legal battle between the two sides ended with the payment of an undisclosed sum .
Facebook said that that it now considers " the matter concluded " .
The Winklevoss twins spoke to the BBC on the eve of the Boat Race , in which they will both row for Oxford .
Cameron Winklevoss refused to confirm the extent of the 2008 settlement - thought to be $ 65 m - but said : " I think it is safe to say the chapter is not closed on the matter . "
Social network shock
His brother Tyler said : " It 's our duty to stand for principles .
We 're willing to wait around and make sure that 's what right has been made right . "
It was a scary encounter in an unlikely setting for a technology correspondent .
In the very grand 16th - Century hall of Christ Church College Oxford I was sitting with two giant American rowers , and wondering when to broach the subject of Facebook
Rory Cellan- Jones
BBC 's technology correspondent
Read more at dot .
Rory
The two brothers started work on ConnectU in 2003 .
They thought that computer science student Mark Zuckerberg was working with them , until he launched a similar site called thefacebook.com .
Mr Zuckerberg 's site became hugely popular on the Harvard campus and then , under the name Facebook , turned into a global success .
" It was really just a sense of shock , " said Tyler Winklevoss .
" It turned into how can we right this wrong . "
The settlement of the battle between Facebook and ConnectU involved the award of Facebook shares to the Winklevoss twins .
The continuing dispute appears to centre on the value of those shares in a company which has not been publicly floated .
In a statement about the dispute Facebook told the BBC : " The settlement has been enforced by the courts and attempts to delay that decision have been denied twice .
" We hope that discussion of spurious and false allegations and other matters that were concluded years ago are not distracting anyone from their preparations for the race .
We consider the matter concluded . "
The brothers also revealed that after years of avoiding the social network they themselves have joined Facebook .
" We were n't on it for a long period of time , " said Cameron Winklevoss .
" But it 's a utility and we 're deserving to take part in that .
It 's a great way to keep in touch with people back home . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
Everyone love free fonts .
If you want to be a bit different , you can use these creative fonts to make sure that your designs will stand out .
Note : Before using any fonts on your projects , it ’s important to read the licensing agreement !
Interested in seeing more articles about fonts ?
Also check out the following related articles :
1. MDRS -FD01
3. TYPORM01 Round ans Square
4. SquaretypeB
8. Amputa Bangiz Standard TTF
9. Giant Head
10 . Snickles
14 . Parallello
21 . Que FONTita
25 . Exus Pilot
28 . Kilogram
Which ones are your favorite ?
Did you discover any new fonts that you downloaded and will use in your design projects ?
Related Content
About the Author
Tomas Laurinavi?ius is a blogger and designer from Lithuania who ’s currently studying Multimedia Design & Communication in Denmark .
Check his work at his personal portfolio site and follow him on Twitter .
I ’ve learned that Conan O’Brien is becoming a Time Warner man all the way .
I hear his company Conaco Prods . is finalizing a big production deal with Warner Bros .
Television now that his company is producing his new late night talk show for TBS starting in November .
Sources told me that immediately after O’Brien ’s deal with Turner Entertainment Networks ’ TBS was announced two weeks ago , brass at sister studio Warner Bros .
TV went aggressively after Conan ’s company , which is run by David Kissinger .
Conaco had been based at NBC since its launch .
And , as part of O’Brien ’s exit deal from The Tonight Show , Conaco was to stay at NBC through the end of this development season .
Conaco has one pilot in consideration at that network , the Untitled John Eisendrath Legal Drama starring Jimmy Smits .
The effects of multivitamins are most often researched in the elderly .
This is one of very few studies to assess the relationship between supplementation with vitamins / minerals and psychological functioning in healthy groups of non-elderly adults .
This study shows how a proprietary multivitamin and mineral supplement improves mood and mental performance while also reducing stress , mental tiredness and fatigue in healthy males .
Research into a vitamin and mineral supplement by academics at Northumbria University shows it improves mood and mental performance while also reducing stress , mental tiredness and fatigue in healthy males .
In a randomized , double - blind and placebo - controlled study , 215 men in full - time employment aged between 30 and 55 were given either a proprietary multivitamin or a placebo for a period of 33 days .
The two groups were tested at the beginning of the study and at the end with a battery of mood , stress and health questionnaires and with physical and mental tasks that included mental arithmetic ( counting backwards in 3s or 7s from a random number ) .
The multivitamin was a B complex , vitamin C and minerals product known as Berocca® which is manufactured by Bayer Consumer Care , the sponsors of the study .
Prior to treatment , there were no significant differences between the placebo and multi-vitamin / minerals groups in performance or ratings for any of the study outcomes .
However , after 33 days supplementation the multivitamin / minerals group reported significantly improved ratings of general mental health , reduced subjective stress and increased ratings of ' vigour ' , with a strong trend towards an overall improvement in mood .
Task performance , in terms of the number of correct serial - 3 subtractions throughout the six repetitions of the cognitive tasks , and serial - 7s during the first repetition , was also improved .
This was accompanied by reduced ratings of ' mental tiredness ' before and after the intense mental processing and a trend towards reduced ' mental fatigue ' .
The placebo group showed no significant changes .
The effects of multivitamins are most often researched in the elderly , and very few studies have assessed the relationship between supplementation with vitamins / minerals and psychological functioning in healthy groups of non-elderly adults .
" Overall , these results suggest that improving nutritional status , by supplementation if necessary , may be beneficial to males within the general population as a whole , " says Northumbria University 's Professor David Kennedy , who led the study .
" The assumption was made here that the men tested enjoyed typical nutritional status .
However , the very fact of being able to improve mood , ratings of mental health and vigour and aspects of task performance by simple supplementation with B vitamins , Vitamin C and minerals indicates that the cohort must have been suffering from less than optimal micronutrient status at the outset . "
" We know that optimum functioning of the central nervous system is dependent on a wide range of micronutrients , and there is a wealth of evidence from epidemiological studies that clearly suggest a relationship between micro-nutrients and psychological functioning .
" Vitamin C for example is the brain 's most prevalent antioxidant and is found at its greatest concentrations in neuron - rich areas . "
Description
Dive into a weather diagram and lay waste to a city by wielding your power over hail .
How does large hail form ?
Updrafts within thunderstorms push rain high into the cloud where very cold air freezes it .
Once frozen it starts to fall but gets caught in another strong updraft where it gathers more moisture on its way back up making it larger .
If the updrafts are strong enough they will continue this process for long periods of time allowing the hail to accumulate more moisture and more moisture .
Updrafts can get so strong they even intrude into the stable stratosphere .
When updrafts are this strong it becomes possible to suspend large hail for long periods of time further adding moisture to the hail , sometimes building it to incredible sizes .
Scientific data sharing has become big news in the wake of the theft of e-mails from the Climatic Research Unit and ensuing investigations .
Although the CRU researchers appear to have had an attitude towards data sharing that breached generally accepted scientific ethics , the process of actually sharing the data would have been anything but straightforward .
The CRU had no procedures in place for data sharing , the data came from a variety of sources with no standardized data format , it was a mix of published and proprietary information , etc .
In short , it 's one thing to decide to share the data , another challenge entirely to actually do so .
You can contrast this with NASA , which has procedures in place for sharing data and a standard policy for publishing it .
But , according to a report produced by Nature News , the agency may only be sharing a deliberately limited version of the data from its planet hunting probe , Kepler .
Sharing data is considered an essential part of science because it allows others to verify and build on a research group 's work .
In most circumstances , however , researchers are allowed to keep data confidential until publication .
This enables them to receive credit for their work , and allows them to perform a rigorous analysis before turning work over to the wider field for consideration .
NASA typically allows the primary mission scientists a fixed period of time to perform data analysis and prepare publications before data from its hardware is released publicly .
This creates a bit of a problem for Kepler data , because the team involved has set rigorous standards for discovery : any signal that suggests a transit of a planet in front of a host star would have to be observed several times before being considered an indication of the presence of an exoplanet .
For planets orbiting close to their host star , this could be done in a matter of weeks .
But for objects with a more Earth - like orbit , several years will be required .
Releasing the entire data set as it arrives , or even after a year 's delay , could allow anyone who 's not interested in the sort of high standard set by the Kepler team to publish evidence of even single transits .
Until follow - up observations either confirmed the result or indicated it was a false positive , it would be in the literature .
That 's not a huge problem for scientists — most researchers in the relevant fields would probably be quite aware of the limitations — but it could definitely influence public perception and space policy decisions .
The alternative extreme would be to keep the whole data set under wraps until a full analysis was completed .
There 's no indication that NASA is considering this , for good reason .
The Kepler team has been very specific about the sorts of data that make it through its analysis pipeline ; most of the 100,000 stars in its observation field wo n't make the cut .
But that does n't mean that a given star will be completely uninteresting ; it 's possible that the data will provide valuable information for other areas of research .
So , not releasing any data may actually hold back other scientists .
The compromise that 's now being considered is to release data on everything but 400 " objects of interest " that the Kepler team has flagged for follow - up ( the release would come on schedule in June ) .
The Kepler team would be able to continue evaluating these objects until February of next year .
Even that is n't sitting entirely well with the astronomy community ; the Nature reporter talked to several astronomers who felt that the more eyes on the data , the better the chances that promising - looking results could be rigorously evaluated .
Regardless of what the ultimate decision is , the data will eventually be released .
But the actual timing and content of the releases in the near future will depend on a careful consideration of a number of competing issues .
And this is a relatively simple situation ; in contrast with things like genome data , the stars do n't have to provide informed consent .
And about the only ones likely to think that astronomers are engaged in a conspiracy are a few UFO nuts .
On the positive side , the Kepler team seems to be very good about quickly announcing and publishing their work .
<? php
/*
* Place a " foo.txt " file containing random text in the directory
* containing this PHP script .
*/
/*
* Wrote this in PHP , note that this " feature " is also present with
* any libxml wrapper ( like lxml in Python ) .
*
* I do not know if other XML parsers implement that .
*/
/* In real life , this may come from $ _POST or an uploaded file */
$ document = <<< ' EOF '
<? xml version = " 1.0 " ?>
<!DOCTYPE root [
<!ENTITY robots SYSTEM " http://google.com/robots.txt " >
<!ENTITY foobar SYSTEM " foo.txt " >
] >
< root >
& foobar ;
&robots ;
</root >
EOF ;
$ xml = new DOMDocument ( ) ;
$ xml->loadXML ( $document ) ;
foreach ( $xml->getElementsByTagName ( ' root ' ) as $ e )
echo $e->nodeValue ;
/*
* For those who did not understand the consequences : imagine that
* you are processing XML sent by users and displaying the result back .
*
* The users now have a way to display the contents of almost any file
* accessible by the user launching the script ( almost , because libxml
* implements some kind of security by disallowing any absolute URI )
* which does not contain invalid XML data .
For example , a .htpasswd file ,
* or simple PHP files .
*
* Also , they can make your server download porn .
*/
Just five days before Ekaterine Bautista planned to become an American citizen , she got a call from the federal government :
Her swearing - in ceremony had been canceled pending further investigation .
Bautista was devastated .
An illegal immigrant from Mexico , she had served six years in the U.S. military — including a 13 - month tour of duty in Iraq — and was eligible to apply for naturalization under a decades - old law .
But approval of her case depended on the discretion of citizenship officials .
Bautista had served in the military under a false identity , that of her U.S. citizen aunt , Rosalia Guerra Morelos .
She passed the civics exam , completed all the paperwork and received a letter telling her to show up at the Los Angeles Convention Center on March 31 .
Then the call came .
“ Yeah , I made a mistake , ” Bautista , 35 , said .
“ But if you look back at my records , I never did anything wrong in the military .
On the contrary . ”
Sitting in her father ’s home in East Los Angeles , Bautista proudly looks through a thick binder of commendations and certificates , including the Combat Action Badge .
She says she was promoted to sergeant within three years .
She pulls out photos : one showing her hugging her friends in her unit in Germany , another showing her in uniform at the base she guarded in Iraq .
The name on her uniform reads Guerra .
Like many other soldiers , Bautista decided to enlist just days after Sept. 11 .
“ It was a calling , ” said Bautista , who was a teenager when her mother brought her to the U.S.
“ I felt the need to join because it was the right thing to do , and also because of my daughter .
I had to protect my daughter . ”
She called an Army recruiting office , but they told her that a Mexican passport was n’t enough and that she had to be a U.S. citizen or a green - card holder to enlist .
So she asked her family for permission to use the identity of her aunt , a U.S. citizen who lived in Mexico .
With their blessing , Bautista walked into a Montebello recruiting office and introduced herself as Rosalia Guerra Morelos .
She presented a driver ’s license , birth certificate and Social Security number .
As part of the 1952 Immigration and Nationality Act , noncitizens who serve in the military one year during peace time or one day during wartime are eligible to apply for fast - tracked citizenship .
In 2002 , President George W. Bush issued an executive order and invoked the wartime law as of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Between September 2001 and March 2010 , more than 58,000 men and women in the armed forces were naturalized , according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services .
The agency does n’t track how many were undocumented .
There have been similar cases to Bautista ’s , including that of Mexican illegal immigrant Liliana Plata , who bought a stolen Social Security card in Los Angeles so she could join the military and later became a decorated airman serving in Iraq as Cristina Alaniz .
She was honorably discharged from the Air Force in 2003 after the real Alaniz discovered her identity had been stolen .
Many immigrants have been raised in the U.S. and are drawn to the armed forces for the same reasons as native - born Americans : a steady job , the military lifestyle and patriotism , said Margaret Stock , an Alaska - based immigration attorney who specializes in military cases and is an officer in the Army Reserve .
“ Many are very patriotic , even though it ’s not officially their country , ” she said , speaking as a private citizen .
Unfortunately , Stock said , cases like Bautista ’s are difficult to detect because there is no biometric registry of U.S. citizens .
They are also potentially dangerous , as American citizens have access to different jobs and security clearance in the military , she said .
Eugene Fidell , who teaches military justice at Yale Law School , said that enlisting under a false identity is a crime and is taken very seriously by the government .
“ It ’s deeply frowned upon , ” he said .
“ It really is fraud . ”
But in some cases , he said , if the person served honorably , the government should exercise discretion and grant citizenship .
When she enlisted , Bautista said , she did n’t know that immigrants who served in the military could become citizens .
After basic training , Bautista was stationed in Germany and assigned as a food service specialist .
In 2004 , she deployed to Iraq and guarded the base in Baqubah .
On June 8 , 2004 , a car driven by a suicide bomber approached the gate and immediately exploded .
“ It was like in the cartoons — people flying everywhere , ” she said .
Bautista was knocked off her feet .
Three people landed on top of her .
“ They were my shield , ” she said .
“ They saved me . ”
After a few seconds , Bautista said , she stood up and saw blood and body pieces everywhere .
She ran to get medical supplies and helped bandage fellow soldiers and Iraqi citizens who worked on the base .
Bautista ’s commanding officer and two Iraqi civilians were killed .
More than a dozen soldiers and Iraqi citizens were wounded .
“ It was chaos , ” she said , tears falling down her face .
Back in Germany , she settled into the routine of military life .
She fell in love , but even he did n’t know her true identity .
She did n’t tell fellow soldiers that she had a daughter .
But in 2008 , Bautista was called into an office by her superiors .
They told her they knew who she really was .
She asked to talk to an attorney .
“ I tried to retain my military bearing at all times , ” she said .
“ I tried not to show any emotion . ”
But inside , she was scared .
Would she be arrested ?
Kicked out of the Army ?
Deported ?
The military launched an investigation and confiscated the documents bearing her aunt ’s name .
Several of her fellow soldiers and superiors wrote letters on her behalf .
In one , a superior described how Bautista helped the wounded before tending to herself after the explosion and wrote that she was “ an exceptional role model . ”
“ It will be a shame for the Army to get rid of an outstanding soldier like this , ” the letter read .
In the end , Bautista was honorably discharged and arrived in Los Angeles in July 2009 .
Having to leave the military , she said , still hurts .
Even now , she wishes she could return to Iraq .
“ When you are in a war zone , you create like a family , ” she said , her voice cracking .
“ It ’s hard to leave your brothers and sisters behind . ”
Her daughter , Mizhrua Bautista , 15 , who was born in the U.S. , said she understands why her mother wanted to join the military so badly that she used a different name .
“ Not a lot of people are willing to do that and put their life in danger to help out her country , ” she said .
“ I want to see her get her citizenship . ”
After the call canceling the ceremony , a follow - up letter said citizenship officials wanted a passport she had obtained fraudulently .
Bautista ’s attorney , Noemi Ramirez , said she had already given citizenship officials a receipt showing that the military had confiscated the passport .
Ramirez said she admires her client ’s dedication to America and said she deserves citizenship .
“ The fact that she served in the military , went to Iraq and was in the line of fire outweighs the immigration violation she committed , ” she said , adding that Bautista was not high - ranking and did not have security clearance .
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services spokeswoman Mariana Gitomer said she could n’t comment on the case but said it ’s not unusual for the agency to need further clarification .
“ It does n’t mean that they are not going to be naturalized , ” she said .
“ It just means we have to look into the case a bit more . ”
Until her case is resolved , Bautista can’t drive , work or receive veteran ’s benefits .
Even though she wishes she could have done so with her own name , Bautista said she does n’t regret joining the military .
“ Now that I look at my daughter , ” she said , “ it was worth it . ”
anna.gorman@latimes.com
My most popular blog post of all was the Make Your Own Bath Bomb post way back in November of last year .
I have yet to post anymore tutoria ...
This track should have been included on B.o. B ’s new album The Adventures of Bobby Ray but they could n’t get clearance from Coldplay for their sample of Lost ( I ’m not sure which one it is ? + -? ) .
And I hate to say this but thank fuck they did n’t .
The track is produced by JR Rotem , but unusually for him it ’s as weak as fuck .
It sounds like a budget karaoke version of Lost , just with his trademark horns sprawled everywhere .
Or maybe it ’s just me , all of my posts today seem quite negative ..
B.o.B – Not Lost feat .
T.I .
Audio clip : Adobe Flash Player ( version 9 or above ) is required to play this audio clip .
Download the latest version here .
You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser .
DuPage County Criminal Defense Lawyer
When you are facing criminal charges , the stakes are high .
It is important to work with an attorney who has experience , who is available to take your case quickly and confidently , who will go the extra mile to thoroughly investigate your case , and who will work hard to get the best possible result in or out of court .
Attorney Kallas is that lawyer .
Skilled Criminal Defense and DUI Attorney Serving Glen Ellyn
At the Law Offices of George P. Kallas , attorney Kallas has over 20 years of experience defending clients throughout DuPage , Kane and Cook County and the Chicagoland metro area .
He fights aggressively to protect the rights of his clients throughout their case .
Contact his firm online or call 630- 479-7100 to schedule your free initial consultation .
Over 10,000 Criminal Cases Handled
DuPage County criminal defense attorney George P. Kallas has handled over 10,000 criminal cases and has successfully tried several hundred judge or jury trials to verdict .
When your rights and freedom are on the line , you want to put your life in the hands of an aggressive and experienced criminal defense lawyer .
He defends clients in felony and misdemeanor cases , including :
Attorney Kallas also handles pardons and expungements in order to help clients clear their records .
If you are facing criminal charges , attorney Kallas understands the fear , anxiety and stress you are experiencing .
He personally handles every aspect of his clients ’ cases .
He will never hand your important matters to an inexperienced associate or paralegal .
Nine days after an 8.8 - magnitude earthquake killed hundreds of people in south - central Chile , relief efforts were beginning to reach those in need , rescue missions became recovery missions , and rebuilding is already under way .
In the days since the February 27th quake , nearly 150 aftershocks have been recorded , including thirteen above magnitude 6.0 .
The government has been criticized by Chileans , who say the response was slow and inefficient .
One recent government action was to grant a short amnesty to looters before sending troops out in search of stolen goods .
Nearly $ 2 million worth of looted items were returned , often dumped on roadsides , by Sunday .
Collected here are photographs from the past week in quake - affected Chile .
( 41 photos total
What 's bad , boring , and barely read all over ?
Business writing .
If you could taste words , most corporate websites , brochures , and sales materials would remind you of stale , soggy rice cakes : nearly calorie free , devoid of nutrition , and completely unsatisfying .
One of my favorite phrases in the business world is full - service solutions provider .
A quick search on Google finds at least 47,000 companies using that one .
That 's full - service generic .
There 's more .
Cost effective end - to - end solutions brings you about 95,000 results .
Provider of value - added services nets you more than 600,000 matches .
Exactly which services are sold as not adding value ?
Who writes this stuff ?
Worse , who reads it and approves it ?
What does it say when tens of thousands of companies are saying the same things about themselves ?
When you write like everyone else and sound like everyone else and act like everyone else , you 're saying , " Our products are like everyone else 's , too . "
Or think of it this way :
Would you go to a dinner party and just repeat what the person to the right of you is saying all night long ?
Would that be interesting to anybody ?
So why are so many businesses saying the same things at the biggest party on the planet -- the marketplace ?
If you care about your product , you should care just as much about how you describe it .
In nearly all cases , a company makes its first impression on would - be customers or partners with words -- whether they 're on a website , in sales materials , or in e-mails or letters .
A snappy design might catch their attention , but it 's the words that make the real connection .
Your company 's story , product descriptions , history , personality -- these are the things that go to battle for you every day .
Your words are your frontline .
Are they strong enough ?
Unfortunately , years of language dilution by lawyers , marketers , executives , and HR departments have turned the powerful , descriptive sentence into an empty vessel optimized for buzzwords , jargon , and vapid expressions .
Words are treated as filler -- " stuff " that takes up space on a page .
Words expand to occupy blank space in a business much as spray foam insulation fills up cracks in your house .
Harsh ?
Maybe .
True ?
Read around a bit , and I think you 'll agree .
Luckily , there are exceptions .
Wonderful exceptions .
These are companies with a personality and a point of view .
They care enough to have their own voice .
They want to communicate , not just say something .
They have a story to tell , and they want to tell it well .
They write to be read .
Woot is one of those companies .
Woot is a Dallas - based business that sells one item a day at a deep discount .
Here is how the company describes itself on its website :
Woot.com is an online store and community that focuses on selling cool stuff cheap .
It started as an employee - store slash market - testing type of place for an electronics distributor , but it 's taken on a life of its own .
We anticipate profitability by 2043 -- by then we should be retired ; someone smarter might take over and jack up the prices .
Until then , we 're still the lovable scamps we 've always been .
Do n't you just love these people ?
Or maybe you hate them .
Either way , I 'm pretty sure you have an opinion about Woot based on this paragraph .
With just a few sentences ,
Woot instantly set itself apart from the liquidation crowd .
Indeed , how the company communicates is a big part of how Woot built such a successful business .
Woot 's deal of the day sells out just about every day .
I especially love the company 's response to the " Will I receive customer support like I 'm used to ? " on its FAQ page :
No .
Well , not really .
If you buy something you do n't end up liking or you have what marketing people call " buyer 's remorse , " sell it on eBay .
It 's likely you 'll make money doing this and save everyone a hassle .
It 's kind of kidding and kind of not .
Some people may be offended , but big deal .
Woot is n't trying to sell to every customer .
It 's trying to sell to the customers that can laugh along .
Those are the people who understand what Woot is about .
The company uses language as a filter .
Another favorite of mine is Saddleback Leather in San Antonio .
Dave Munson , the company 's founder , clearly loves his products and his words .
Here 's how he sets the scene when describing the quality of the company 's bags :
You know how when a magician exposes to the world how other magicians trick people , all of the other magicians get mad at him for spilling the beans ?
Well , I 'm about to spill the beans and ruin it for all of those companies trying to trick you into buying their not so high quality leather ... You 're about to learn what to look for and what to look out for as you shop for your next leather piece .
By the way , if I soon die by a chopstick to the neck , you 'll know why .
I 'm a marked man .
He then dives into great detail about what makes a great leather bag great .
From the type of leather and where it comes from to how it 's tanned to breakable versus nonbreakable parts ( " How much is a billion dollar submarine with a plastic hatch worth ? " ) to the number of seams , and so on .
It 's compelling and interesting .
It holds your attention .
And check out how he explains his guarantee :
All of our products are fully warranted against all defects in materials and workmanship for 100 years .
If you or one of your descendants should have a problem , send it back to me or one of my descendants and we 'll repair or replace it for free or we 'll give you a credit on the website ( be sure to mention the warranty in your will ) .
Consider his choice of words .
A 100 - year warranty that his descendants will honor if one of your descendants needs a repair .
And then he reminds you to include the warranty in your will .
Who would n't want to do business with this guy ?
And it 's all backed up with the Saddleback tag line : " They 'll Fight Over It When You 're Dead . "
Beauty .
When you 're done reading this article , hit Google and search for leather bags .
Then read through some of the sites you find .
I bet you 'll be bored to death pretty quickly .
Then visit Saddleback 's site .
I bet you 'll be smiling just as fast .
Here 's one more example of writing done right : Polyface farm in Swoope , Virginia .
Polyface is run by Joel Salatin , a pioneering farmer , author , and prophet of clarity .
The Polyface Guiding Principles page is a study in straightforward language with a healthy hint of attitude :
Plants and animals should be provided a habitat that allows them to express their physiological distinctiveness .
Respecting and honoring the pigness of the pig is a foundation for societal health .... We do not ship food .
We should all seek food closer to home ... This means enjoying seasonality and reacquainting ourselves with our home kitchens .
I especially love his take on what it means to be a farmer :
We 're really in the earthworm enhancement business .
Stimulating soil biota is our first priority .
Soil health creates healthy food .
Joel knows where he stands .
When you read his site , you do , too .
Even though Joel is a " full - service end - to - end " farmer , he 'd never say it like that .
He 'd consider that description disrespectful to his customers , employees , plants , and animals .
The quality of the writing on sites like Woot's , Saddleback Leather 's , and Polyface 's gives me the chills .
It 's not how they look ; it 's how they read .
These are businesses that care about what they say and how they say it .
They do n't write to fill up space on a page .
They write to fill up your head .
There is nothing inherently interesting about liquidators , leather , or farmers .
They can make themselves boring , or they can make themselves interesting .
Words do that job .
Woot , Saddleback , and Polyface have all chosen to be interesting and engaging .
They do n't hide behind jargon .
They are n't insecure .
They are n't afraid to tell you who they are .
I can already hear some of you saying , " Sounds great .
But I can't write . "
So hire a writer .
But make sure that writer truly understands your business .
Remember :
It 's not about telling a story .
It 's about telling a true story well .
Of course , words alone wo n't do it .
Words are two dimensional .
Your products and services provide the third dimension -- depth .
But when it all comes together , you 've got a package that 's hard to ignore .
A brief 1943 letter from Albert Einstein to a Eugene Simon , care of Rabbi Herman Simon , in which the renowned scientist clearly makes his opinion of astrology known .
This flies in the face of many astrologers ’ claims that Einstein was a firm supporter of the subject ; these beliefs all stemming from the following quote , incorrectly attributed to him in a 1951 book by Swiss - Canadian astrologer Werner Hirsig :
‘ Astrology is a science in itself and contains an illuminating body of knowledge .
It taught me many things , and I am greatly indebted to it .
Geophysical evidence reveals the power of the stars and the planets in relation to the terrestrial .
In turn , astrology reinforces this power to some extent .
This is why astrology is like a life - giving elixir to mankind . ’
Transcript follows .
Many thanks to Claire for the image .
Transcript
January 7 , 1943 Mr. Eugene Simon
c.o. Rabbi Herman Simon
184 East Willmore Ave .
St. Paul , Minn .
Dear Sir : I fully agree with you concerning the pseudo - science of astrology .
The interesting point is that this kind of superstition is so tenacious that it could persist through so many centuries .
Very truly yours , ( Signed , ‘ A. Einstein ’ ) Professor Albert Einstein .
The Robert Frost Cabin lies ten miles west of Route 100 , near the midway point in the road ’s 216 - mile ramble through valleys , woods and farmlands between Massachusetts and Canada .
Although I had driven to Vermont many times to ski , I had always taken the interstate , hellbent on reaching the slopes as quickly as possible .
This time , however , I followed “ The Road Not Taken , ” to quote the title of one of Frost ’s best - known poems , pausing at the Vermont cabin where he wrote many of them .
Related Content Paleozoic Vermont
I crossed over covered bridges spanning sun-dappled rivers , past cornfields and grazing cows , into a landscape punctuated by churches with tall steeples and 18th - century brick houses behind white picket fences .
A farmer rode a tractor across freshly mowed acreage ; old - timers stared at me from a sagging porch at the edge of a dilapidated village .
My trip included stops at a flourishing summer theater ; an artisanal cheese maker in a state famous for its cheddars and chèvres ; the 19th - century homestead of an American president ; primeval hemlock stands and high passes strewn with massive , mossy boulders ; and bogs where moose gather in the early evening .
On either side of me rose Vermont ’s Green Mountains , the misty peaks that set its citizens apart from “ flatlanders , ” as Vermonters call anyone — tourist or resident — who hails from across state lines .
Route 100 grew organically from roads connecting villages dating back to the 1700s , following the contours of the Vermont landscape .
“ It eventually became one continuous route , curving along rivers and through mountain valleys , ” says Dorothy A. Lovering , producer and director of a documentary about the storied country road .
“ That ’s why it offers such remarkable visual experiences . ”
The Frost log - and - wood slat cabin stands in a clearing outside the town of Ripton ( pop. 566 ) , where the poet spent summers and wrote from 1939 until his death in 1963 at age 88 .
( Today , the farm , now a National Historic Landmark , belongs to Middlebury College , which maintains the property as a Frost memorial .
The public has access to the grounds . )
Behind a forest of 100 - foot - tall Norwegian pines , the weathered cabin looks out on an apple orchard , a meadow carpeted in wildflowers and a farmhouse .
The vista evokes an image from his poem “ Out , Out — ” :
Five mountain ranges one behind the other
Under the sunset far into Vermont .
A visit to the site is bittersweet .
On the night of December 28 , 2007 , vandals shattered windows , smashed antiques and damaged books inside the property ’s main farmhouse .
The intruders caused more than $ 10,000 in damage .
Fortunately , some of Frost ’s most cherished belongings — including his Morris chair and a lapboard the poet used as a writing surface — had already been moved to the Middlebury campus .
Although marred in the rampage , Frost ’s pedal organ has been repaired and remains in the farmhouse .
The cabin itself , where Frost etched a record of daily temperatures on the inside of the door , was not disturbed .
Twenty - eight young men and women — ages 16 to 22 — were charged with trespassing or destruction of property , then turned over to poet Jay Parini , a Frost biographer and professor of literature at Middlebury , who taught the miscreants about Frost and his work .
“ I thought they responded well — sometimes , you could hear a pin drop in the room , ” recalls Parini .
“ But you never know what ’s going on in a kid ’s head . ”
I had begun my Route 100 odyssey by driving through that hallowed Vermont landmark — a covered bridge .
Turning off Route 100 outside the town of Jamaica ( pop. 946 ) , I drove southeast for four miles to reach Scott Bridge — built in 1870 and named for Henry Scott , the farmer whose property anchored one end — in Townshend ( pop. 1,149 ) .
Spanning the boulder - strewn West River , at 277 feet it is the longest of the state ’s 100 or so covered bridges — down from 500 a century ago .
“ What ’s most fascinating about covered bridges is that they take you back to the origins of our country , ” says Joseph Nelson , author of Spanning Time : Vermont ’s Covered Bridges .
Durability was their primary virtue : uncovered bridges were lashed by rain and snow .
The wet wood attracted insects and fungus , then rotted away and had to be replaced every four or five years .
Today , Vermont boasts covered bridges built in the early 1800s .
In the 19th century , the interiors “ doubled as local bulletin boards , ” writes Ed Barna in his Covered Bridges of Vermont .
“ Travelers stopping to wait out rainstorms or rest their teams could inspect the bills and placards advertising circuses , religious gatherings , city employment in the woolen mills , and nostrums like Kendall ’s Spavin Cure and Dr. Flint ’s Powder , two widely known remedies for equine ills . ”
Local officials specified that a covered bridge should be erected “ a load of hay high and wide . ”
A rusted plate over one entrance to Scott Bridge posts a speed limit : “ Horses at a walk . ”
But equines gave way to heavier motorized traffic , which weakened the structure .
Since 1955 , the bridge has been closed to all but pedestrian traffic .
About 25 miles north of Scott Bridge , just off Route 100 , Vermont ’s oldest professional theater faces Weston ’s charming village green .
( In 1985 , the entire town , with its concentration of 18th - and 19th - century architecture , was placed on the National Register of Historic Places . )
The Weston Playhouse opened in 1937 with a youthful Lloyd Bridges starring in Noel Coward ’s Hay Fever .
The original theater , housed in a converted Congregational church , burned down in 1962 , when an overheated gluepot caught fire .
The church was quickly reconstructed , right down to its white - columned Greek Revival facade .
“ Our audiences like the fact they are seeing some of Broadway ’s latest shows as soon as they are available , ” says Steve Stettler , who this summer is directing a production of Death of a Salesman .
Stettler came to the playhouse in 1973 as an actor fresh out of Kenyon College in Ohio .
For the current season , the playhouse will also offer The 39 Steps , a play based on the Alfred Hitchcock murder mystery , productions of the hit musicals Avenue Q and Damn Yankees , and the world première of The Oath , a drama focusing on a doctor caught in the horrors of the Chechen conflict .
Sixteen miles north , the hamlet of Healdville is home to the 128 - year - old Crowley Cheese Factory , today owned by Galen Jones , who in his day job is a New York City television executive .
He and his wife , Jill , own a house in Vermont and plan to retire here eventually .
“ If you look at it dispassionately , it ’s not a business that looks like it ’s ever going to make a significant amount of money , ” says Jones of the cheese - making operation .
“ But it ’s a great product . ”
As far back as the early 1800s , Vermont ’s dairy farms were turning milk into cheese , mainly cheddars of a kind first introduced from Britain during colonial times .
But with the invention of refrigerated railroad cars in the late 19th century , Midwestern dairy facilities claimed most of the business .
Crowley , one of the few Vermont cheese makers to survive , carved out a niche by producing Colby , a cheddar that is smoother and creamier than most .
Cheese - making staged a comeback in Vermont in the 1980s , as demand increased for artisanal foods produced by hand .
The number of cheese makers in the state more than doubled — to at least 40 — in the past decade .
And the University of Vermont , in Burlington , has established an Artisan Cheese Institute .
At Crowley ’s stone - and - wood frame , three - story factory , visitors can view the stages of production through a huge plate - glass window .
On weekday mornings , 5,000 pounds of Holstein raw milk , chilled to 40 degrees , is pumped from refrigerated storage in the cellar to a double - walled , steam - heated metal vat , where it is cultured .
About four hours later , the milk has been processed into solidified chunks , or curd .
It is then rinsed , salted and shaped into wheels or blocks , ranging in weight from 2 1 / 2 to 40 pounds , before being pressed , dried , turned and moved into storage for aging .
The cheddar produced here comes in nine varieties , according to mildness or sharpness and the addition of pepper , sage , garlic , chives , olives or smoke flavor .
While the largest Vermont cheese makers churn out 80,000 pounds daily , Crowley ’s takes a year to produce that much .
Ten miles or so northeast of Healdville lies Plymouth Notch , the Vermont village of white houses and weathered barns where President Calvin Coolidge spent his childhood .
Preserved since 1948 as a state historic site , it remains one of Route 100 ’s most notable destinations , attracting 25,000 visitors annually .
The village , with its handful of inhabitants , has changed little since our 30th president was born here on July 4 , 1872 .
His parents ’ cottage , attached to the post office and a general store owned by his father , John , is still shaded by towering maples , just as Coolidge described it in a 1929 memoir .
“ It was all a fine atmosphere in which to raise a boy , ” Coolidge wrote .
The autumn was spent laying in a supply of wood for the harsh winter .
As April softened into spring , the maple - sugar labors began with the tapping of trees .
“ After that the fences had to be repaired where they had been broken down by the snow , the cattle turned out to pasture , and the spring planting done , ” recalled Coolidge .
“ I early learned to drive oxen and used to plow with them alone when I was twelve years old . ”
It was John Coolidge who woke his son — then the nation ’s vice president on vacation at home — late on the night of August 2 , 1923 , to tell him that President Warren G. Harding had suffered a fatal heart attack .
John , a notary public , swore in his son as the new president .
“ In republics where the succession comes by election I do not know of any other case in history where a father has administered to his son the qualifying oath of office , ” the younger Coolidge would write later .
Some 40 miles north of Plymouth Notch , Route 100 plunges down into its darkest , coldest stretch — the heavily wooded Granville Gulf Reservation .
“ Gulf ” in this case refers to a geological process from more than 10,000 years ago , when mountaintop glaciers melted .
The release of vast quantities of water gouged notches — or gulfs — into the mountains , creating a narrow chasm walled in by cliffs and forest .
In 1927 , Redfield Proctor Jr. , who was governor from 1923 to 1925 , donated most of the 1,171 acres of this six - mile ribbon of woodlands to the state , with prohibitions against hunting , fishing and commercial tree - cutting ; the tract was to be “ preserved forever . ”
The section of Route 100 that crosses Granville Gulf was not paved until 1965 .
Even today , few venture farther than a turnout overlooking Moss Glen Falls , spilling 30 feet over a 25 - foot - wide rock face .
“ It ’s gorgeous — a real photo - op , ” says Lisa Thornton , a forester at the reserve .
She ’s right .
Using a map originally drawn by a biologist more than 40 years ago , Thornton leads me toward a wedge of forest on the cliffs .
We clamber up a hillside over spongy soil until we reach a stone ledge covered in moss and fern — and a stately stand of 80 - foot - tall hemlocks , perhaps 500 years old .
The trees survived , Thornton says , because they were virtually inaccessible to Native Americans , European pioneers and timber companies .
I ’m reminded of Frost ’s poem “ Into My Own ” :
One of my wishes is that those dark trees ,
So old and firm they scarcely show the breeze ,
Were not , as ‘ twere , the merest mask of gloom ,
But stretched away unto the edge of doom .
For most of its length , Route 100 is paralleled by a 273 - mile footpath that runs along the main ridge of the Green Mountains .
Built between 1910 and 1930 , the Long Trail preceded — and inspired — the Appalachian Trail , with which it merges for about 100 miles in southern Vermont .
Created and maintained by the nonprofit Green Mountain Club , the trail offers 70 primitive shelters amid pine - and maple - forested peaks , picturesque ponds and alpine bogs .
“ Our volunteers maintain the shelters and keep clear 500 - foot - wide corridors on either side of the trail — making sure there are no illegal incursions by timber companies , ” says Ben Rose , executive director of the organization .
One of the most accessible — and geologically distinctive — points on the Long Trail is Smuggler ’s Notch , a nine - mile drive northwest from Stowe , the town best known for its ski resort , on Route 108 , through the Green Mountains .
Legend holds that its name dates back to the War of 1812 .
Trade with Canada , then still an English colony , had been suspended by the U.S. government ; contraband goods were allegedly transported through this remote pass .
Huge boulders , some more than 20 feet tall , dot the landscape .
“ My grandfather used to bring me up here and we would climb past the boulders down to a beaver pond to go fishing , ” says my guide , Smith Edwards , 69 , nicknamed “ Old Ridge Runner ” by his fellow Green Mountain Club members .
( Edwards has trekked the entire length of the Long Trail four times . )
He began hiking the trail as a Boy Scout in the 1950s .
“ Back then , they would drop off 13 - year - old kids and pick us up three or four days later , up the trail 50 miles , ” says Edwards , who is retired from the Vermont highway department .
“ Of course , that would n’t be done today . ”
We walk a good two hours on the Long Trail , ascending half - way up Smuggler ’s Notch , past birches , beeches and maples .
Ferns , of which the state boasts more than 80 species , carpet the forest floor .
“ Here in the moist and shaded gorge they found a setting to their liking , ” wrote naturalist Edwin Way Teale in Journey Into Summer ( 1960 ) , one volume in his classic accounts of travels across America .
Some of the most numerous road signs along Route 100 warn of an ever - present danger : moose .
The creatures wander onto the road in low - lying stretches , where tons of salt , spread during winter , wash down and concentrate in roadside bogs and culverts .
“ Moose are sodium - deficient coming out of their winter browse , ” says Cedric Alexander , a Vermont state wildlife biologist .
“ They have learned to feed in the spring and early summer at these roadside salt licks , which become very hazardous sections to drive through . ”
The danger has increased as the state ’s moose population has risen , from a mere 200 in 1980 to more than 4,000 today .
Their prime predator is the four - wheeled variety .
When an animal is struck by a car , the impact often sends the creature — an 800 - pound cow or a 1,000 - pound bull — through the windshield .
At least one driver is killed and many more are injured every year .
The most frequent moose sightings in the state occur along a 15 - mile segment of Route 105 , a 35 - mile continuation of Route 100 , especially in early evening , May through July .
On this particular night , game warden Mark Schichtle stops his vehicle on Route 105 and points to what he calls “ moose skid marks ” — black patches made by cars trying to avoid the animals .
“ Since January , there have been six moose killed just on this stretch , ” he says .
We park a mile up the road , slather ourselves with mosquito repellent and begin a stakeout .
Within 15 minutes , a moose cow and her calf emerge from the woods and stand immobile on the road , 50 yards away from our vehicle , their dark hides rendering them virtually invisible in the darkness .
But a moose - crossing sign alerts drivers , who brake to a halt .
Soon , cars and trucks on both sides of the road are stopped ; the two moose stare impassively at the headlights .
Then , a bull moose — seven feet tall with a stunning rack of antlers — appears , wading in a roadside bog .
“ No matter how often it happens , you just do n’t expect to see an animal that large in the wild and so close by , ” says Schichtle .
With cars backing up , the warden turns on his siren and flashing lights .
The moose scamper into the bog , and traffic resumes its flow , most of it headed toward New Hampshire .
I ’m reminded that Robert Frost himself , long a New Hampshire resident , was among the few outsiders wholly embraced by Vermonters .
Perhaps that ’s because his Pulitzer Prize - winning poem , “ New Hampshire , ” closes with an ironic twist :
At present I am living in Vermont .
The next day , as I head south on Route 100 , bound for the heat and congestion of Manhattan , Frost ’s admission is one I would gladly make for myself .
Writer Jonathan Kandell lives in New York City .
Photographer Jessica Scranton is based in Boston .
An Army officer from Colorado accused of murdering two Iraqi civilians has been convicted of lesser charges and will spend no time in prison .
Capt .
Carl Bjork , a decorated soldier from Evergreen , received a reprimand from a military panel and a loss of one - third of his salary for one year , according to his father .
That sentence was “ clearly a huge victory and relief for us all .
We are all overjoyed , ” his father , Peter Bjork , wrote in an e-mail from Iraq .
Peter Bjork , a Denver lawyer , went to Iraq to attend the trial and speak on behalf of his son at the sentencing hearing .
The panel also “ heard from a number of Carl ’s subordinates , and an equal number of his superiors , including some majors and colonels , ” he wrote .
The case against Carl Bjork began with two revenge killings four years ago .
Ibrahim Hamid Jaza , a city police chief in the often violent Anbar province , was arrested for killing two men , Wasim Ibrahim Al - Kubaysi and Gayth Shakir Saba’ar , in retaliation for the kidnapping and public beheading of a member of his family .
In turn , the Iraqi police officials who carried out the killings told investigators that they had been ordered to do so by the American officer in charge of training them — Bjork .
In Iraq , the military panel acquitted Bjork of murder but convicted him of two counts of negligence in those deaths , plus reckless endangerment for setting a booby trap of a weapons cache , according to his father .
Bjork faced a life sentence if he had been convicted of murder and up to seven years in prison on the lesser charges .
He was defended by Victor Kelley , a retired Marine who formed the National Military Justice Group and has defended hundreds of service members .
In Colorado , Bjork ’s high school friends rallied to support him , and a soldier who had served in Bjork ’s platoon organized a Facebook campaign to “ save an American soldier ’s life . ”
Obama administration blocked efforts to stop BP oil drilling before explosion
By Joe Kishore
10 May 2010
In 2009 , the Obama administration intervened to support the reversal of a court order that would have halted offshore oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico .
Obama ’s Interior Secretary Ken Salazar , who has long had close ties to the industry , specifically cited BP ’s Deepwater Horizon operation as one that should be allowed to go forward , according to a group involved in the court case .
A Washington DC Appeals Court ruled in April 2009 that the Bush administration ’s five - year plan for offshore oil and gas drilling ( covering 2007 to 2012 ) was not based on a proper review of the environmental impact of the drilling .
Only days before the ruling , the Obama administration had granted BP a “ categorical exclusion , ” exempting it from an environmental impact study for the Deepwater Horizon project .
The American Petroleum Institute , the oil industry trade group , intervened to reverse the court order , and was backed by the administration .
Kierán Suckling , executive director and founder the Center for Biological Diversity , which was involved in the original lawsuit , told the World Socialist Web Site that Salazar “ filed a special motion asking the court to lift the injunction , and he cited the BP drilling several times by name in the request . ”
In July 2009 , the court ruled that drilling in both the Gulf and off the coast of Alaska could continue , on the condition that the administration conduct a study of the potential environmental risks .
This study has yet to be completed .
Salazar praised the decision at the time , saying it allowed the administration to go forward with “ a comprehensive energy plan , ” including the BP project and a sale of leases for drilling in the Gulf .
Even since the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon less than three weeks ago , the Interior Department ’s Minerals Management Services ( MMS ) has continued to grant “ categorical exclusions ” to oil and gas companies , allowing them to bypass environmental studies .
The administration has publicly announced that no new offshore drilling grants will be issued until a review , to be completed by the end of the month .
Nevertheless , at least 27 exemptions have been granted , including one for a BP exploration plan for drilling at more than 4,000 feet .
Another exemption was granted to Anadarko Petroleum Corporation for an exploration plan at more than 9,000 feet .
The Deepwater Horizon was drilling at about 5,000 feet .
“ The same problems we saw under the Bush administration are continuing under Obama , ” Suckling said .
“ The change in political parties has done very little in terms of corporate domination of the political system .
Who got to vote on turning over our natural resources to private corporations ?
The whole system is corrupt from the bottom up . ”
The Obama administration ’s announcement earlier this year that he would expand offshore oil drilling was a clear sop for the oil industry , as was his earlier decision to appoint Salazar as Interior Secretary .
Suckling noted that as a Senator for Colorado Salazar supported the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act of 2006 , which expanded drilling .
Salazar received money from BP , and when he became Interior Secretary he brought several BP officials on his staff .
These latest revelations come as the haphazard and experimental attempts by BP and the government to stop oil from flowing into the Gulf have failed .
Oil is now beginning to appear on the coast , from Louisiana to parts of Alabama .
Tar balls have washed up on the shore of an Alabama barrier island , according to the Associated Press .
Oil is also dispersed throughout the Mississippi Delta region .
According to the Financial Times , a vessel it has chartered with Canadian oil spill consultants “ located patches of thick crude oil on a beach at the mouth of the South Pass , one of the navigable channels of the Mississippi .
‘ This is bad , ’ said Dec Doran of Ontario - based Oil Spill Control Services , as he took samples from a saucer - sized patch of red - brown crude , the consistency of peanut butter .
‘ If nothing is done , this will take 10 years to disperse . ’”
On Saturday , the cofferdam — a 100 - ton containment box or “ dome ” that BP sought to place over one of the major leaks — had to be removed after it was clogged by gas and water crystals .
The project , which was presented as the most feasible short - term option for slowing the leak , was highly experimental , untested at the depths BP was drilling .
The clog developed even before operators could hook up a tube intended to direct the leaking oil into ships above .
While BP has said it will try again , government officials have begun floating another , even more improbable scheme .
Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen , who is overseeing the government ’s response , outlined on Sunday what he called a “ junk shot ” tactic .
“ They ’re going to take a bunch of debris — shredded up tires , golf balls , and things like that — under very high pressure and shoot it into the [ blowout ] preventer . ” he said on CBS ’s Face the Nation .
These desperate measures are intended to give the appearance of action and hide the fact that neither the administration nor BP had in place any plans to deal with the failure of a blowout preventer , an entirely foreseeable event .
The actions could well have the effect of making the spill worse by damaging the pipe , which is restricting the flow of oil .
Currently , oil is spewing out at a rate of between 5,000 barrels a day ( government estimate ) and 25,000 barrels a day ( estimate of several scientists ) .
If the pipe completely fails , the leak rate could soar to as high as 60,000 to 100,000 barrels a day .
At the same time , BP and government officials have noted that all attempts could fail .
“ It ’s very difficult to predict whether we will find solutions , ” said Doug Suttles , BP ’s chief operating officer .
“ This dome is no silver bullet to stop the leak , ” Rear Adm .
Mary Landry of the Coast Guard acknowledged .
The major step intended to block off the well completely — drilling a relief well — will take several months to complete and is not guaranteed to work .
In the worst - case scenario , which appears increasingly likely , the eruption of oil could continue until the entire reserve is drained — tens if not hundreds of millions of gallons of oil .
While still without a graphic style to characterize ‘ Malaysian design ’ , we can begin to unravel the threads of influences through the choices of imagery and symbolism that were articulated .
Facebook privacy settings are eroding .
But the scope and speed of that transformation has happened fairly quietly –maybe because we ’ve never before had an infographic that lays all the changes out .
advertisement
advertisement
The chart was a personal project created by Matt McKeon , who by day is a researcher at IBM ’s Visual Communication Lab ( where Fernanda Viegas used to work ) .
It ’s concentric rings show the groups who can see a given slice of information , if you leave the default settings in place .
Here ’s the service in 2005 : In 2009 : And now :
Of course , these are obviously all default settings , and if you ’re concerned , you can readily change access to your profile .
advertisement
But it does show that Facebook has transformed itself in the last five years from a service were privacy was an opt - out feature , to one where privacy is opt-in .
As any behavioral economist will tell you , that single difference can massively affect the choices people make .
Facebook might easily claim , “ Hey !
You can change things as you wish ! ”
But in fact , they ’ve created a massive shift in the privacy settings of Facebook as a whole .
Why would they make those changes ?
The less privacy there is in general , the more irresistible Facebook becomes , because you can snoop on other people far more .
And figure out exactly what to sell them .
Last October , I saw a cartoon by Mike Peters in which a teacher asks a student to create a sentence that uses the verb “ sacks , ” as in looting and pillaging .
The student replies , “ Goldman Sachs . ”
Sure enough , last week the Securities and Exchange Commission accused the Gucci- loafer guys at Goldman of engaging in what amounts to white - collar looting .
I ’m using the term looting in the sense defined by the economists George Akerlof and Paul Romer in a 1993 paper titled “ Looting : The Economic Underworld of Bankruptcy for Profit . ”
That paper , written in the aftermath of the savings - and - loan crisis of the Reagan years , argued that many of the losses in that crisis were the result of deliberate fraud .
Was the same true of the current financial crisis ?
Most discussion of the role of fraud in the crisis has focused on two forms of deception : predatory lending and misrepresentation of risks .
Clearly , some borrowers were lured into taking out complex , expensive loans they did n’t understand  a process facilitated by Bush - era federal regulators , who both failed to curb abusive lending and prevented states from taking action on their own .
And for the most part , subprime lenders did n’t hold on to the loans they made .
Instead , they sold off the loans to investors , in some cases surely knowing that the potential for future losses was greater than the people buying those loans ( or securities backed by the loans ) realized .
Learn Conversational Hypnosis
The easiest , fastest way to learn conversational hypnosis is by using a learn - it - at - home course .
Unfortunately , most courses focus on " conventional " hypnosis , and only a few courses actually teach covert hypnosis .
Following is a short list of courses we recommend for learning conversational hypnosis .
Since the ICHS does NOT focus on reviewing courses , enclosed are links to reviews that we trust for these courses , in case you want to read more .
In addition , out members zone holds a more detailed list .
Power of Conversational Hypnosis , by Clifford Mee and Igor Ledochowski :
The best course we know - by far !
Created by Igor Ledochowski - probably the most prominent Conversational Hypnotist of our time .
Highly effective for controlling and influencing other people through Hypnosis , without them noticing .
Easy and fun to use , with clear step - by - step teaching .
Starts at newbie level and gradually progresses to very advanced methods .
Extremely high quality .
Includes numerous unique Conversational Hypnosis tips and tricks .
Read more about Power of Conversational Hypnosis
Reviewsnest 's review of Power of Conversational Hypnosis .
The Art of Covert Hypnosis , by Steven Peliari : Although not as comprehensive as Power of Conversational Hypnosis - still an excellent course .
Created by Steven Peliari , Chairman of the International Hypnosis Association ( NOT to be mistaken for the ICHS .
We are not connected in any way with the IHA .
We focus only on Conversational Hypnosis , while the IHA deals with Hypnosis in general )
E nables to hypnotize other people without them noticing .
Very thorough and complete .
Easy to use - easy to learn with .
Fun to use .
Very high quality .
Read more about The Art of Covert Hypnosis
ReviewsNest 's review of The Art of Covert Hypnosis
Underground Hypnosis II , by Joseph Mander : Much improved over version I .
Evolves around several covert methods .
Read more about Underground Hypnosis II
ReviewsNest 's review of Underground Hypnosis
( version II very similar to Masters ' Edition of ver.I )
The Little Nukes That Got Away
The Davy Crockett was one of the smallest nuclear weapons ever made by the United States .
Built in the late 1950s , and designed for the battlefields of Europe to stop a possible Warsaw Pact invasion , the warhead looked like a watermelon , being only 30 inches long and weighing about 76 pounds .
From a portable tripod launcher , it could be fired at the enemy as close as 1,000 feet or up to 13,000 feet away .
It was a weapon for nuclear war at close range .
Today , the Davy Crockett system has long since been retired , and is now a neat museum piece .
You can see a casing of the warhead at the National Museum of Nuclear Science and History in Albuquerque .
But the little nuclear watermelon is a reminder of the big work still to be done in arms control .
The just - completed strategic weapons treaty that U.S. President Barack Obama will sign in Prague next week with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev does not cover smaller nuclear warheads in both arsenals that are a legacy of the Cold War — the so - called battlefield , or tactical weapons .
The United States is believed to have about 200 tactical nukes in Europe , all of them B61 free - fall gravity bombs to be used with U.S. and allied tactical aircraft , out of 500 total tactical nukes in the active U.S. arsenal .
The Russians are estimated to have about 2,000 tactical nuclear weapons , several hundred in the European part of the country and the remainder in central storage sites .
These smaller warheads have never been covered by a specific treaty , nor are they subject to the kind of verification that is used to prevent cheating in the agreements covering the long - range or strategic weapons , including the nuclear - tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles .
What ’s more , they are relics of a bygone era , with no military usefulness .
There is no longer a Warsaw Pact or a Soviet Union threatening a massive invasion across the Fulda Gap that would have to be stopped with a last - ditch decision to fire off the battlefield nukes .
Obama may dream of a world without nuclear arms , but it is with weapons systems like these , which remain in place years after the Cold War , that his goals meet the unpleasant reality and the unfinished business of the past .
White House officials want everyone to rest assured :
They ’ll make an effort to deal with tactical nuclear weapons in the next treaty .
In fact , they mistakenly thought , a year ago , that the new START agreement would be a snap and they ’d be moving on to the bigger challenges by now .
But a closer look suggests that tactical nukes are going to be very , very hard to negotiate .
That ’s why they are still around — it is a tough one .
For years , experts have been warning about the dangers of tactical nukes .
They could be a temptation for a terrorist diversion , small enough to be driven away in a truck .
While it would be difficult to actually explode one , there was serious concern at the end of the Cold War about the thousands of Soviet - era tactical nuclear weapons .
The warheads were vulnerable as Moscow hastily hauled them back into Russia in old train cars which lacked sophisticated alarms or armored blankets to protect the warheads from bullets or shrapnel .
Although the warheads were deactivated , the headaches were immense , including a shortage of secure storage space to hold them once they got back into Russia .
Eventually , the United States carried out a secret operation in which one of the Soviet model cars was shipped to Sandia National Laboratory in New Mexico , which designed an upgrade .
Both Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and U.S. President George H. W. Bush realized the urgency in late 1991 and unilaterally withdrew many of these weapons in the final months before the Soviet collapse .
But they never sealed these pullbacks in a mutual arms control treaty , and there is no verification to this day .
Fortunately , there are far fewer warheads on both sides today .
And Russian storage facilities are probably more secure than in 1991 .
But those weapons that remain seem to stubbornly elude arms control .
Why ?
They are essentially political weapons for political ends .
The argument for keeping U.S. tactical nuclear weapons in Europe is that they hold the alliance together — a joint manifestation of the U.S. commitment to protect its allies .
And the dual - key approach to managing them has meant that the Europeans would have to be involved in actually using them in the event .
But lately , fresh demands have been made in Europe to take another look at the need for these weapons and possibly remove them .
In February , the foreign ministers of Germany , Belgium , the Netherlands , Luxembourg , and Norway called on NATO to re-examine the need for them , and the issue is expected to be raised as the alliance writes a new “ strategic concept ” this year .
The United States and others have been reluctant to unilaterally withdraw the weapons , which are believed to be based in Belgium , the Netherlands , Germany , Italy , and Turkey .
Before any arms - control negotiation could get underway , NATO would have to come up with a common position .
And others have pointed out that the concept of extended deterrence — the U.S. nuclear umbrella — can be achieved with longer - range weapons and does not rely on the tactical nukes .
An even bigger question mark is whether Russia would be willing to reduce its pile of small nuclear weapons .
Probably not any time soon .
The expansion of NATO to its borders has left Russia wary , while its conventional or non-nuclear military forces are weaker than in the past .
And Russian leaders are alarmed at the long - range precision - guided conventional weapons under development by the United States .
Russia has demanded that the United States pull back all the tactical weapons in Europe to its national territory — as Russia has already done — before considering any negotiations .
Pavel Podvig , a physicist and research associate at Stanford University ’s Center for International Security and Cooperation , points out that the new Russian military doctrine does n’t include any specific mission for tactical nuclear weapons .
“ Of course , nobody in Russia is ready to get rid of them just yet , but it does indicate that the Russians realize that the utility of these weapons is highly questionable , even if they are n’t ready to publicly admit it , ” he wrote recently .
Podvig made a practical suggestion for moving in phases : Both the United States and Russia would first move all tactical nukes to a central storage facility deep within their national territory , then later deal with verification , transparency , and ultimately elimination .
Podvig ’s plan would be a good first step .
Without something like this , there may well be years of further impasse over weapons that lack a military purpose , deployed during a Cold War that ended two decades ago .
So before anyone cracks open the champagne for Obama ’s vision of a nuclear free world , do n’t take your eye off the little guys .
Worries about the effect of government efforts to strengthen oversight of banks faded somewhat on Monday , helping Wall Street indexes to end the day mostly higher .
The banking sector remained in focus as traders tried to recoup some losses from Friday , when the broader market had its largest percentage drop in two months after Goldman Sachs was accused of fraud .
Goldman , which will report first - quarter earnings on Tuesday , clawed its way to a small gain after falling nearly 13 percent on Friday .
It ended the day 1.6 percent higher at $ 163.32 .
Citigroup surged 7 percent , to $ 4.88 , after it reported a $ 4.4 billion profit in the first quarter .
Morgan Stanley climbed 1.4 percent and Wells Fargo rose 1.4 percent .
HTML tables receive a bit of a bad rap thanks to years of abuse in web design , however in reality they 're semantic as the next element .
They do have their quirks though , one common problem is that instead of aligning themselves like the rigid blocks we 're used to they tend to be a bit more fluid - expanding and contracting to fit their content .
This useful behaviour can become frustrating when a carefully laid - out table encounters abnormal input and suddenly decides to stop paying attention to the cell widths we 've specified .
Luckily there is a simple solution to this .
All the major browsers implement an alternative fixed table layout which is specified through the appropriately named table - layout CSS property .
The demo table below should be 200 pixels wide , with each column taking up 50 % of the total width .
With the default layout enabled the last word clearly pushes the table beyond these dimensions .
You can toggle the table - layout between fixed and auto ( the default ) to see the differences .
Top 5 Words
Word Frequency Bite 5,631 My 6,405 Shiny 7,435 Metal 8,682 Rindfleischetikettierungsüberwachungsaufgabenübertragungsgesetz 109,392
Set table - layout to fixed
On a related node , you 'll notice that overflow : hidden has no effect on table cells .
You 'll have to wrap the cell contents in a container element if you want to crop it .
This simple CSS property tends to go a unnoticed , but when you need it you 'll definitely be thankful it 's there .
There 's a Marvel vs Capcom 3 feature in the latest issue of Game Informer Magazine , and along with some new screens of the game , a number of previously unconfirmed - though strongly hinted - at - characters have been revealed .
Advertisement
The " new " characters are ones we already guessed at from the game 's first promo art , but hard confirmation is a damn sight more final then " guesswork " .
Advertisement
Revealed in the piece are Devil May Cry's Dante , Captain America , Deadpool and Darkstalker 's Felicia , giving fans of Marvel , gay fashion icons and furry women the world over cause for celebration .
There are of course plenty more character reveals to come , so we'd like to take this time to issue a plea that they 're all - or most of them - shown off at E3 .
The world can't stand another Super Smash Bros .
Brawl marketing campaign .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ Game Informer ]
Years after the fight against Cell , a new World Martial Arts Tour - nament is about to begin .
Who will be the big contenders now that Goku is in the Other World ?
The new connections between goods and the meanings for things people create can be expropriated while the individuals themselves can be monitored in terms of their overall economic performance
First Look At The 2011 Nissan Micra
Today was the unveiling of the all - new fourth - generation Nissan Micra .
A global subcompact destined for sale in over 160 countries , the Micra will make its way to the U.S. as well .
Powering the 2011 Nissan Micra is a standard 80 horsepower three cylinder engine .
A more powerful 98 horsepower unit will also be available .
The specs of the U.S. - bound Micra are not yet known so the three cylinder engine lineup may not become available here .
The Nissan Micra is intended to be a simple , small car , without the pretense of speed or luxury .
That being said , the Micra is not without its fair share of style and sophistication , but upholding its reputation as a reliable and accessible compact car remained the priority during the car ’s redesign .
Subcompacts are popular with city dwellers , Nissan Framingham says .
“ The car has to charm a global audience , ” comments Makoto Yamane , Associate Product Chief Designer .
“ Its face had to look stylish and have an air of sophistication to it .. ”
Nissan CEO Carols Ghosn was also present for the Micra ’s debut .
Admitting that Nissan has previously been weak in the compact car segment , he stressed that the new platform that underpins the Micra changes everything and makes getting a Boston Nissan Loan easier because of the price .
“ Our next compact cars are in the pipeline , ” said Ghosn .
“ In the past , Nissan had a minimal presence in the compact segment because we did not have a specific platform suited for those customers ’ needs .
Now we will be able to compete , and at the highest level .
Our new lineup of compact cars will help to increase Nissan ’s global market presence from 80 % today to 94 % in 2012 . ”
Although the Nissan Micra is less radically designed than recent small cars from Toyota , Ford , and even Chevrolet , the Micra represents the ultimate package in terms of value for customers in the UK , or India , or China , or even in the U.S. Bottom line is that ultra compact cars are still in high demand , and Washington DC Nissan dealers hope to see more compacts arrive soon .
* * *
Let ’s not sugarcoat this .
The Rangers get an “ F ” for the season .
That applies to the front office , the coaching staff and the playing personnel .
Glen Sather has held the general manager job for nine seasons , during which time the Rangers have won two playoff rounds and have failed to qualify for the postseason five times .
There is no reason on Earth that Sather , who is one of the truly good - hearted people in the game , should have the lifetime guarantee a largely clueless Jim Dolan , the owner who is either loyal to a fault or unable to admit mistakes , has given him .
John Tortorella ’s last two full seasons behind an NHL bench have resulted in finishes of 30th overall with the Lightning in 2007 - 08 and 21st overall this season .
He has a small - market mentality , does not understand at all what New York is about and is a professional bully who has earned the enmity of nearly everyone with whom he has come into contact .
I regret that I have become so personally entwined with this coach that I ’m compelled to stipulate that I am not engaged in a vendetta against him .
I have neither written about nor spoken of the breakdown in our relationship and have no interest in doing so .
But I must state that my relentless criticism of Tortorella — whom , by the way , I enthusiastically endorsed for the job a week before he replaced Tom Renney — is the cause of the rift and not its effect .
I do not believe a coach can win in this league by creating an environment of underlying tension , or by constantly screaming at players , or by changing line combinations every five minutes , or by obsessing over players staying out of the penalty box at the expense of protecting teammates , or by trying to win with two forward lines .
It does not , though , on the day after the Rangers ’ playoff dream died , appear that either Sather or Tortorella is going anywhere , unless the GM decides on his own to step away from the operation .
So what should the Rangers do , assuming that Sather and Tortorella remain ?
1. Restructure the front office so that Sather ’s replacement is in place next year as his assistant .
If it ’s Mark Messier , then send him on the road next year to scout .
If it ’s not going to be Messier , let him know now and hire someone else .
2. Jim Schoenfeld is either the assistant coach or assistant GM .
Call me crazy , but it seems as if the GM of the AHL Wolf Pack ( part of the assistant GM ’s job description ) should actually watch the Wolf Pack play here and there .
3 . If Ken Gernander is not a candidate to become the next head coach of the Rangers , he can not be coach of the Wolf Pack .
The AHL coaching job is not a reward for years of meritorious service .
4 . With the exception of role players such as a veteran seventh defenseman , stay away from the free - agent market and stay away from trading for fading veterans with onerous contracts .
5 . Stay the course .
Do not engage in yet another extreme makeover that would see the roster turned over for the third straight summer .
There can be neither stability nor structure without continuity .
Nurture the core that includes Henrik Lundqvist , Marc Staal , Dan Girardi , Michael Del Zotto , Matt Gilroy , Marian Gaborik , Erik Christensen , Ryan Callahan , Brandon Dubinsky , Artem Anisimov , Chris Drury , Sean Avery , Brandon Prust , Jody Shelley and P.A. Parenteau .
6 . Draft selections have improved immeasurably since the hiring of Gordie Clark to run the player personnel department .
The Rangers may have something in Derek Stepan , Chris Kreider , Ryan McDonagh ( a trade acquisition ) , Evgeny Grachev , Dale Weise and Ryan Bourque .
Trust Clark ’s judgment and consider him for the post of assistant GM / GM in waiting .
7. Repeat No. 5 , over and over and over again .
There is no quick fix on the horizon .
In other words , no Sheldon Souray , no Vincent Lecavalier , no Patrick Marleau , no Joe Thornton , no Brad Richards , no Pavol Demitra .
8 . Do not even think about raising season - ticket prices .
Who needs to go for the Rangers ? online surveys
larry.brooks@nypost.com
This image of a full - energy collision between gold ions shows the paths taken by thousands of subatomic particles produced during the impact .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
For a brief instant , it appears , scientists at Brook­haven National Laboratory on Long Island recently discovered a law of nature had been broken .
For a brief instant , it appears , scientists at Brook haven National Laboratory on Long Island recently discovered a law of nature had been broken .
Action still resulted in an equal and opposite reaction , gravity kept the Earth circling the Sun , and conservation of energy remained intact .
But for the tiniest fraction of a second at the Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) , physicists created a symmetry - breaking bubble of space where parity no longer existed .
Parity was long thought to be a fundamental law of nature .
It essentially states that the universe is neither right - nor left - handed — that the laws of physics remain unchanged when expressed in inverted coordinates .
In the early 1950s it was found that the so - called weak force , which is responsible for nuclear radioactivity , breaks the parity law .
However , the strong force , which holds together subatomic particles , was thought to adhere to the law of parity , at least under normal circumstances .
Now this law appears to have been broken by a team of about a dozen particle physicists , including Jack Sandweiss , Yale 's Donner Professor of Physics .
Since 2000 , Sandweiss has been smashing the nuclei of gold atoms together as part of the STAR experiment at RHIC , a 2.4 - mile - circumference particle accelerator , to study the law of parity under the resulting extreme conditions .
The team created something called a quark - gluon plasma — a kind of " soup " that results when energies reach high enough levels to break up protons and neutrons into their constituent quarks and gluons , the fundamental building blocks of matter .
Theorists believe this kind of quark - gluon plasma , which has a temperature of four trillion degrees Celsius , existed just after the Big Bang , when the universe was only a microsecond old .
The plasma " bubble " created in the collisions at RHIC lasted for a mere millionth of a billionth of a billionth of a second , yet the team hopes to use it to learn more about how structure in the universe — from black holes to galaxies — may have formed out of the soup .
When the gold nuclei , traveling at 99.999 % of the speed of light , smashed together , the plasma that resulted was so energetic that a tiny cube of it with sides measuring about a quarter of the width of a human hair would contain enough energy to power the entire United States for a year .
It was the equally gargantuan magnetic field produced by the plasma — the strongest ever created — that alerted the physicists that one of nature 's laws might have been broken .
" A very interesting thing happened in these extreme conditions , " Sandweiss says .
" Parity violation is very difficult to detect , but the magnetic field in conjunction with parity violation gave rise to a secondary effect that we could detect . "
Sandweiss and the team — which includes
Yale physics research scientists Evan Finch , Alexei Chikanian and Richard Majka — found that quarks of a like sign moved together :
Up quarks moved along the magnetic field lines , while down quarks traveled against them .
That the quarks could tell the difference in directions suggested to the researchers that symmetry had been broken .
The results were so unexpected that Sandweiss and his colleagues waited more than a year to publish them , spending that time searching for an alternative explanation .
The physicist is still quick to point out that the effect only suggests parity violation — it does n't prove it — but the STAR collaboration has decided to open up the research to scrutiny by other physicists .
" I think it 's a real effect , but we 'll know more in the upcoming years , " Sandweiss says .
Next , the team wants to test the result by running the experiment at lower collision energies to see if the apparent violation disappears when there is not enough energy to create the necessary extreme conditions .
If the effect proves to be real , it could help scientists understand a similar asymmetry that led to one of physics ' most fundamental mysteries — namely , why the universe is dominated by ordinary matter today when equal amounts of matter and antimatter were created by the Big Bang .
Sandweiss , for one , is looking forward to some answers .
" I 'd really like to see this evolve and find out exactly what 's going on , " he says .
Boy , 3 , tells how he ' saw grandmother in Heaven ' before being brought back from the dead after falling into pond
Paul Eicke : Claims he saw his great grandmother in heaven while he was clinically dead after falling into a pond
A boy of three claims he saw his great grandmother in heaven while he was clinically dead after falling into a pond .
Paul Eicke came back to life more than three hours after his heart stopped beating .
It is believed he was in the pond at his grandparents ' house for several minutes before his grandfather saw him and pulled him out .
His father gave him heart massage and mouth - to - mouth during the ten minutes it took a helicopter to arrive .
Paramedics then took over and Paul was taken the ten - minute journey to hospital .
Doctors tried to resuscitate him for hours .
They had just given up when ,
three hours and 18 minutes after he was brought in , Paul 's heart started beating independently .
Professor Lothar Schweigerer , director of the Helios Clinic where Paul was taken , said : ' I have never experienced anything like it .
' When children have been underwater for a few minutes they mostly do n't make it .
This is a most extraordinary case . '
The boy said that while unconscious he saw his great grandmother Emmi , who had turned him back from a gate and urged him to go back to his parents .
Paul said : ' There was a lot of light and I was floating .
I came to a gate and I saw Grandma Emmi on the other side .
' She said to me , " What are you doing here Paul ?
You must go back to mummy and daddy .
I will wait for you here . "
' I knew I was in heaven .
But grandma said I had to come home .
She said that I should go back very quickly .
' Heaven looked nice .
But I am glad I am back with mummy and daddy now . '
Paul is now back at home in Lychen , north of Berlin in Germany , and there appears to be no sign of brain damage .
Statistics from America show the majority of children who survive drownings - 92 per cent - are discovered within two minutes following submersion .
Nearly all who require cardiopulmonary resuscitation die or are left with severe brain injury .
But the water in the pond was very cold and the boy 's core temperature was just 28 c , compared to the normal of 37c .
Cold temperatures slow the metabolism - which means the body can survive for longer without oxygen .
If the temperature had been higher , the team would have stopped trying to resuscitate after 40 minutes because the boy would definitely have been brain dead .
Instead , they carried on with the chest compressions to stimulate Paul 's organs , which had shut down after he breathed in the cold water .
Professor Schweigerer went on : ' My doctors were close to saying " we can do no more " after two hours of thorax compression .
' This was because the chances of survival had gone and the little lad must have been brain dead .
' But then suddenly his heart started to beat again ... it was a fantastic miracle .
' I 've been doing this job for 30 years and have never seen anything like this .
It goes to show the human body is a very resilient organism and you should never give up . '
Halfway through reading Paul Krugman ’s New York Times piece on green economics , I had my snarky retort all ready to go .
Then in the second half he went and got all reasonable on me .
I still do n’t buy his conclusions , but ( sadly for readers who like fireworks ) , he ’s not ( at least in this instance ) nuts .
There have been exactly two great ideas in environmental economics , one from Arthur Cecil Pigou and the other from Ronald Coase .
Krugman starts off with a good account of the first .
Sometimes market transactions impose spillover costs ( economists call them externalities ) on innocent bystanders ; carbon emissions are a good example .
Pigou proposed to tax externalities at a rate commensurate with the costs they impose .
If your smokestack causes $ 50 worth of damage , you pay a $ 50 tax .
We call such taxes Pigovian .
Krugman does a good job of explaining how they work , and why they ’re usually preferable to direct mandates .
Here , though , is where I briefly thought Krugman had gone completely off the rails .
He touts the merits of Pigovian taxes — the first great idea in environmental economics — while appearing completely to ignore the second great idea , namely Coase ’s insight into how Pigovian taxes can backfire .
Here ’s the problem : Pigovian taxes will lead to fewer carbon emissions , and with fewer carbon emissions , less effort will go into seeking alternative solutions , like new technologies to cool the planet or new technologies to make life tolerable in a much warmer world .
Nothing in pure theory can tell you whether such technologies are likely to be feasible or efficient , so nothing in pure theory can tell you whether a Pigovian tax is a good idea .
When it comes to macroeconomics , Krugman loves nothing more than to skewer writers who depart from the Keynesian gospel — writing , he says , as if Keynes had never lived .
How delicious , then , to find Krugman writing as if Ronald Coase had never lived .
Bloggers love this kind of irony .
So if Krugman had stopped there , my own retort would have been shorter , snappier and more quotable than the post you ’re reading now .
Alas for readers who enjoy that kind of thing , Krugman ’s piece took a turn for the better .
True , after all his paeans to Pigou , Krugman never mentions Coase ’s name , and true , he never gives Coase ’s ideas the same careful airing he gives Pigou’s .
But his economics training wins out and eventually leads him into essentially Coasian reasoning :
It seems almost certain that … [ a temperature rise of 9 degrees Fahrenheit ] … would make the United States , and the world as a whole , poorer than it would be otherwise …
But we have an advanced economy , the kind hat has historically shown great ability to adapt to changed circumstances ….
[ This ] should help us cope with a somewhat higher average temperature .
He then proceeds , just as Professor Coase would have us do , to think about just how well we might cope , to acknowledge that both action and inaction can be costly , and to inquire into the particulars of the situation .
I think he gets several of those particulars wrong , but at least from this point on he asks most of the right questions .
( I ’ll elaborate on this later in the week . )
To recap : Krugman starts out with the right answer ( “ impose a Pigovian tax ” ) to the wrong question ( “ How can we best reduce carbon emissions ? ” ) .
The right question is not how best to reduce emissions , but how best to cope with the fact that carbon - based technology can have a substantial downside .
We might want to deal with that by reducing emissions ; we might want to deal with it by finding other ways to cool the earth ; we might want to deal with it by moving all our cities northward and inland ; we might want to deal with it through some combination of those strategies ; we might want to deal with it in some way that nobody has yet imagined .
A Pigovian tax does a good job of reducing emissions , but at the same time it causes people to work less hard at the alternatives .
Therefore , depending on particulars , a Pigovian tax could be an excellent idea or a disastrous one .
Again , Krugman gets that right .
Where he goes a bit wrong , I think , is in his assessments of the particulars .
This post is getting long , so I ’ll save my quibbles for later in the week .
The Securities and Exchange Commission fraud case against Goldman Sachs may be settled before it ever sees a courtroom .
Yet intentionally or not , the SEC has already secured at least one victory in the court of media opinion .
Guess which of these two stories was pushed to the back pages ?
The SEC did its part by publishing the Stanford report so deep in its
Web site that more than a few of our readers had trouble finding it .
Yesterday , the SEC management 's response to the report was available on the agency 's homepage , yet it provided no links to the report itself .
In its own way , the Stanford calamity is arguably worse than the SEC's Madoff bungle .
In the Madoff case , passionate outsider Harry Markopolos could find no one at the SEC who took the time to understand the scam , cared enough and had enough authority to shut down the fraud .
In the Stanford case , we see numerous SEC insiders over many years urging — at times begging — the enforcement staff to take action , to no avail .
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) -
The childhood obesity epidemic is hitting some states much harder than others , threatening to further worsen geographic disparities in health , new research shows .
Pedestrians walk through Times Square in New York City in this August 28 , 2007 file photo .
Adults in the southeastern US - the so - called “ Stroke Belt ” - are known to be fatter and sicker than Americans living elsewhere .
And at least in terms of overweight and obesity , the same pattern holds for kids , Dr. Gopal K. Singh of the US Health Resources and Services Administration in Rockville , Maryland , and his colleagues found .
Singh and his team compared state - by - state changes in rates of overweight and obesity between 2003 and 2007 , using data from the National Survey of Children ’s Health .
They report their findings in the Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine .
The percentage of children 10 to 17 years old across the US who were overweight rose from 31 percent in 2003 to 32 percent in 2004 , while obesity rates went from 15 percent to 16 percent .
But within states , there were much sharper differences , with the states that already had the biggest problems often showing the biggest jumps .
For example , in 2003 , 37 percent of 10 - to 17 - year - olds in Mississippi were overweight and 18 percent were obese ; by 2007 , those numbers had jumped to 45 percent and 22 percent , respectively .
Oregon had the fewest obese kids , at 10 percent ; it also was the only state to show significant declines in childhood obesity and overweight between 2003 and 2007 .
Overweight and obesity rose much more sharply for girls than boys across the US , and in many states .
The percentage of obesity among boys was the lowest in Oregon , at 11 percent , and the highest in Arkansas , at 27 percent .
Wyoming girls had the lowest rate of obesity ( 6 percent ) , while Texas had the highest ( 20 percent ) .
There were eight states where a third or more of the youth population was overweight in 2003 , but 15 in 2007 .
What ’s more , the “ epidemic ” of child overweight and obesity was no longer limited to mostly southeastern states by 2007 , but had spread to the Midwest - and even Alaska .
The states with bigger childhood obesity problems were - no surprise - also the states where kids spent more time watching TV and less time being physically active .
Singh and his team estimated that these and other social and environmental characteristics , for example ease of access to parks and playgrounds and availability of sidewalks and walking paths , accounted for more than 40 percent of the state - by - state differences .
It will take more investigation to find out what Oregon might be doing right , Singh said .
The next National Survey of Children ’s Health will be done in 2011 , Singh noted .
It ’s impossible to predict what it will find , he added ; “ I think the best thing at this point that we can anticipate is a stabilization of the trend .
Hopefully we have seen the worst . ”
SOURCE Archives of Pediatrics and Adolescent Medicine , online May 3 , 2010 .
Sliding vs. Deciding is a theme that comes out of my study of commitment and my work with my major colleague in this work , Galena Rhoades .
I believe “ sliding vs. deciding ” captures something important about how romantic relationships develop .
The core idea is that people often slide through important transitions in relationships rather than deciding what they are doing and what it means .
For example , sociologists Wendy Manning and Pamela Smock conducted a qualitative study of cohabiting couples and found that over one half of couples who are living together did n’t talk about it but simply slid into doing so , paralleling prescient observations from Jo Lindsey in 2000 .
In our large quantitative study of cohabitation , we have found that most cohabiters report a process more like sliding into cohabitation than talking about it and making a decision about it .
In contrast to sliding , commitments that we are most likely to follow through on are based in decisions .
In fact , commitment is making a choice to give up other choices .
A commitment is a decision .
Do we always need to be making a decision about things ?
I hope not .
But when something important in life is at stake , I believe that deciding will trump sliding in how things turn out .
One of the most important implications of the concept of sliding vs. deciding is when this theme is married to our work and thought on the depths of ambiguity in relationship formation these days and our ideas about inertia .
What people are often now seeing is that they are sliding through relationship transitions that cause them to increase constraints and lose options before ( or without ) noticing that they have just entered a more constrained pathway .
As a result , we believe that many people are too often giving up options before they have made a choice .
That is far from making a choice to give up other choices .
That 's losing options because one is not noticing an important , or even potentially high cost slide , is not what solid commitment formation is about .
Three of the most important theory papers written by me and Galena Rhoades are accessible above at the links : " Sliding vs. Deciding : Inertia and the Premarital Cohabitation Effect " , " Commitment : Functions , Formation , and the Securing of Romantic Attachment , " and the link labeled " SvD Transition and Risk Model . "
A proposed Subversion vision and roadmap
From : " C. Michael Pilato " < cmpilato - AT - collab.net >
To : Subversion Development < dev-AT-subversion.apache.org >
Subject : Subversion Vision and Roadmap Proposal Date : Fri , 02 Apr 2010 11:28:30 - 0400 Archive - link : Article , Thread
Last week , five of Subversion 's developers -- myself , Hyrum Wright ( who helped me author this lengthy mail ) , Greg Stein , Stefan Sperling , and Karl Fogel ( " we " , henceforth ) -- met in New York City to evaluate Subversion 's current trajectory as a project and to jointly develop suggestions for any course correction deemed necessary .
The unfortunate impetus for the meeting was feedback from representatives of some very large installations of Subversion that , from where they sat , the Subversion project was stagnating .
This is a somewhat fair assertion .
It 's not that the community is or has ever been in danger of doing nothing .
But even when we march in step towards a goal , we do n't do a good job of communicating outwardly about that fact , leading to the appearance of inactivity .
And lately , our ongoing efforts have been less like a team of folks working in concert towards a common vision , and more like the individual piddlings common to mature open source software .
Make no mistake : Subversion is mature open source software .
It works well for open source projects and -- in one of the biggest software coups of the last decade -- we 've found that it's also good enough to supplant other well - established version control systems , open - source or otherwise , inside the highly structured walls of the enterprise .
Unfortunately , " good enough " still leaves the enterprise user base frustrated at the most inopportune times ( like , say , when managing branches near releases ) .
And if you judge success by mindshare , it 's now clear the DVCS tools have rendered our " good enough " somewhat obsolete when it comes to serving many open source projects , even .
VISION Subversion has no future as a DVCS tool .
Let 's just get that out there .
At least two very successful such tools exist already , and to squeeze another horse into that race would be a poor investment of energy and talent .
What 's more , huge classes of users remain categorically opposed to the very tenets on which the DVCS systems are based .
They need centralization .
They need control .
They need meaningful path - based authorization .
They need simplicity .
In short , they desperately need Subversion .
It 's this class of user -- the corporate developer -- that stands to benefit hugely from what Subversion brings to the party .
And it's that class of user which we believe Subversion should cater to , ideally without ostracizing the open source volunteers who remain our largest source of development investment .
Corporate developers come in all shapes and sizes , from self - administering 10 - person teams to geographically - distributed organizations of thousands of developers on hundreds of teams serviced by dedicated IT departments .
Subversion can't be all things to all people , but it can be a well - defined subset of things to most people .
It should n't sacrifice its trademark simplicity when growing the features most likely to be used in large - scale deployments ; it should n't optimize for the large enterprise in a way that will alienate the long tail composed of much smaller deployments .
By defining the subset of things Subversion is and those it is not , we recognize our own boundaries and prevent years of wandering through the proverbial wilderness of feature creep .
Someone wiser than I once said , " Where there is no vision , the people perish . "
So recognizing the benefits that Subversion already offers , and projecting a bit into the future what we'd like to see Subversion become , we offer the following vision statement for your review : Subversion exists to be universally recognized and adopted as an open - source , centralized version control system characterized by its reliability as a safe haven for valuable data ; the simplicity of its model and usage ; and its ability to support the needs of a wide variety of users and projects , from individuals to large - scale enterprise operations .
A shorter , business - card - sized motto ( offered as a replacement to the obsolete " A compelling replacement for CVS " ) might be : " Enterprise - class centralized version control for the masses " .
ROADMAP
With that vision in mind , we identified a number of high - value improvements which Subversion should gain in coming releases .
Then we took a casual pass at assigning some technical " plumbing " dependencies for each of these .
Here 's what we came up with , in the form " FEATURE : [ DEPENDENCY ... ] " , where " FS - NG " = major FS backend overhaul , " WC - NG " = WC -NG , and " Ev2 " = svn_editor_t : * Obliterate : FS -NG * Shelve / Checkpoint : WC-NG * Repository - dictated Configuration : WC -NG (? ) * Rename Tracking : WC-NG , Ev2 , FS - NG (? ) * Improved Merging : WC-NG * Improved Tree Conflict Handling : WC-NG , Ev2 , Rename Tracking * Enterprise Authentication Mechanisms : * Forward History Searching : FS -NG (? ) * Log Message Templates : Repository - dictated Configuration
By examining this dependency chain , factoring in the development momentum which will exist around WC - NG , and admitting that some of the major plumbing overhauls not currently underway may prove to be just as costly as the WC - NG work ( if not more so ) , we believe that the following feature roadmap is one which will serve Subversion users well : 1.7 : WC - NG ; HTTPv2 ; ' svn patch ' ; typical slew of various bug fixes 1.8 : repository - dictated configuration ; tree conflicts improvements ;
WC - NG - enabled stuff ( rename tracking , compressed pristines , shelving / checkpointing , ... )
1.9 : Editor v2 ( for server -> client rename handling improvements ) [...]
2.0 : FS -NG ( ideally a parallelized task ) , with some ( to - be- identified ) FS - NG enabled features .
That last item is likely to be contentious , so it bears explaining .
We believe that our current two filesystem offerings are stifling innovation .
On the one hand we have the BDB backend which is a breeze to develop for but is only occasional used ; on the other is the far - more - popular FSFS backend whose fundamental principles so constrain the system as to destroy much hope of serious design overhaul ; and in the middle lies the feature parity requirement we 've been living under thus far which binds Subversion to the union of the two backends ' weaknesses .
We confidently assert that to break system - wide compatibility with a so - called 2.0 release will be Subversion 's great overall detriment , both from the perspective of efficient use of development energy and in user adoption .
So we propose that an as - yet - fictional Subversion 2.0 be allowed to break compatibility with the 1.x line only in ways which can be mitigated using the RA layer as a compatibility shim .
Additionally , we believe that merely releasing a 2.0 with a new FS backend but without new user - visible features enabled by that overhaul will be ill - received .
COMMUNITY
We also discussed matters of communication and community .
Subversion has historically had a very tight - knit community of developers , and we 've provided a resource for communicating with users through the various mailing lists .
With the increase in corporate involvement , and the changing roles ( and employers ! ) of committers , the Subversion ecosystem can at times seems a bit fractured .
To an enterprise manager responsible for thousands of users , and millions of dollars of investment , and billions of bytes of data , this fracturing appears as a liability when considering an investment in Subversion .
Most corporations understand the open source nature of Subversion 's development method ( indeed , this very thing has driven Subversion adoption ) , but they still want a unified face when it comes to communication , planning , and project feedback .
One proposed solution is a Subversion " planet " , to be hosted at a re-purposed subversion.org .
The planet would aggregate feeds from individual contributors , as well as the various corporate entities interested in Subversion development .
While various commercial interests ( CollabNet , WANdisco , elego , etc. ) may compete in some areas , they are all committed to improving Subversion as a whole .
Enterprise users need to see this unity across Subversion 's corporate sponsors , and a communication stream which interleaves these corporate voices works toward that end .
Whatever the solution , we need a defined plan which we then communicate to the end users and customers who are deploying Subversion installations .
But communication alone is n't enough .
We need to find ways to grow our developer community itself .
Attendance at the recent Subversion Corporation Annual Members Meeting was low ( by design and recommendation , of course ) , but a startling realization was made there .
When the agenda item for voting new full committers into membership was on the table , there were no candidates .
Think about that : no new full committers for Subversion in the past year .
This is a bad thing .
We need to find a way to embrace and empower would - be Subversion contributors .
Telling them to troll through the issue tracker looking for bite - sized issues is not the way to do that -- it communicates " we ca n't be bothered to mentor you " .
When somebody wants to start making contributions , our community must recognize the value of that contributor and mentor him or her toward full committership , for the good of that contributor and of the community .
Further , our public roadmap needs to highlight the items that we really wish we could be working on but lack the manpower to handle .
This would provide those looking for ways to accelerate Subversion 's roadmap with some cues for doing that in harmony with the Big Picture .
SUMMARY
I 've covered a lot of ground here , but decisions in this community have always been and will be made on this mailing list , and they deserve to be made with as much information as possible .
You now know where a small contingent of developers stand on these issues .
I 'd like to publicize on our project website a * community - endorsed * vision and roadmap ASAP , and then get to the business of moving Subversion forward along those lines .
So what say you ?
-- C-Mike , for the NYC conference attendees -- C. Michael Pilato < cmpilato@collab.net >
CollabNet <> www.collab.net <> Distributed Development On Demand
MP3
Cut is a simple online utility that enables you to cut out pieces of a MP3 files without having to decode that MP3 .
The tool cuts the MP3 at the frame level without losing the quality of your MP3 .
Make ringtone online !
Technical advances in mobile phones have caused an explosion in their use around the world .
Along with the popularity of carrying mobile phones , the use of ringtones has also increased which are applied to differentiate between callers as well as to make cell phone use more fun .
In the past , ringtones have generally been purchased from online sites and other mobile phone companies that promote them in their pre-made forms .
However , MP3 splitting has risen in popularity as the technology advanced and became more available and usable by the general public .
The attraction of cutting your own MP3 files is that you can create your own unique ringtones from your favorite songs or music .
However , cutting MP3 files has traditionally required programs whereby you must decode MP3 songs before being able to affectively cut them .
Our online cutting service provides a user - friendly solution to making MP3 splits which practically anyone can use .
Our simple online utility allows for easy splitting of MP3 files without the need to decode them .
What ´s more , this process can be done online locally right from your computer without uploading MP3 files by using the site´s flash software program .
The MP3 Cut program provided by cutmp3.net is so easy to use that beginners can effectively cut their favorite parts from MP3 songs to use as ringtones .
The simple settings included in the program makes the entire process from beginning to end a breeze to complete .
Simply select the MP3 music or song that you want to use , follow the instructions and cut and save your targeted parts .
The process for cutting desired parts from your favorite MP3 files is an easy 1 - 2 - 3 process which includes :
Step One – Select your desired file
Step Two – Select a part of the song or music that you want to cut
Step Three –
Save the cut section to your mobile phone or PC
As you can see , the simple process of MP3 cutting can be achieved by practically anyone , even a child .
There is no longer a need for spending a great deal of timestudying , learning and applying difficult sound editing software techniques .
Custom ringtones can be easily and quickly made by using the MP3 Cut service provided by cutmp3.net .
Now , you can not only enjoy cuts from your favorite MP3 files , but you can impress your family and friends with fresh ringtones that have n’t been cut from a mold and offered to thousands of people by various companies .
Furthermore , you can share .
You 're playing Curse Village Reawakening
Description
The zombies have returned and once again you 're put behind the barricades the fight off the undead .
There 's no escape , fight and try to save the village !
“ H emingway , remarks are not literature , ” said Miss Stein imperiously .
In Dorothy Parker ’s case , however , the remarks , the snappy comebacks , live on , no matter how inexpert the witnesses ( Mrs. Parker included ) .
Even if she never really followed Clare Boothe Luce ’s “ Age before beauty ” with “ Pearls before swine ” or wrote of the young Katharine Hepburn “ She ran the gamut of emotions from A to B , ” most of us , suffering from the delayed reaction times that wake us up a day or so later with the perfect rejoinder , envy the expert parry , the swift thrust of a Parker epigram , even a faux one .
That she had no Boswell is , well , just as well , for the panache with which time has crowned her off - the - cuffs makes her loom larger in our cultural memory .
In life , however , she did not loom very large , around five feet by most accounts , and , though she battled weight problems periodically , she appears shrunken and mummified in photographs of her last years — too many Chesterfields , too much scotch .
Born Dorothy Rothschild
( “ We ’d never even heard of those Rothschilds ! ” ) , she first appeared while her Upper - West - Side parents were vacationing in New Jersey , getting back to her almost - native city just after Labor Day , 1893 .
Her Jewish father sent her to Catholic and Protestant schools , and , oddly , given her apparent lack of religious beliefs , the figure of the Virgin Mary appears in several of her most serious poems .
She left school for good at fourteen and spent the next six years with her father , whose fortune had declined to the point that there was little estate to settle on his four children .
After his death , she worked at a dance studio , either as an instructor or as a pianist , depending on whose account one reads .
She had written verse since childhood , much of it to gain her father ’s approval , and her breakthrough was “ Any Porch , ” which she sent to Vanity Fair .
Her appearance in that Condé Nast publication led to a job with another , Vogue , and she spent two years there , primarily writing about such topics as permanent waves and ladies ’ undergarments .
In 1916 she moved to Vanity Fair , where she temporarily became drama critic ; the position , unique at the time for a woman , gave her ample opportunity to hone her prose skills and her talons , both of which would later serve her well as The New Yorker ’s “ Constant Reader . ”
In 1919 she met , within the space of a few days , two new colleagues , Robert Benchley and Robert Sherwood , and all three were on the street in eight months .
“ I must say , ” recalled Parker , “ we behaved extremely badly . ”
She and Benchley , now freelancers , rented a tiny office near Times Square ( “ An inch smaller and it would have been adultery ” ) and both flourished ; she published over a hundred poems in the slicks over the next three years .
When Harold Ross launched The New Yorker in 1925 , Parker and Benchley were both on board .
It was about this time that the famous Algonquin Round Table got started , and Parker , the shortest and , say some , quietest of the members , is about the only one whose work and reputation survive .
Benchley may still be seen at a college film festival or on TCM in one of his Hollywood shorts , but the powerful columnist Franklin P. Adams ( a.k.a. FPA ) , Heywood Broun , Alexander Woollcott , and Donald Ogden Stewart are not much more now than names , nor is Ross , whose legacy is perhaps the most enduring .
Only George S. Kaufman and Edna Ferber retain a tenuous hold on the public mind , but that is largely through the media of film and musical theatre .
In later life , Parker downplayed the level of conversation at the Round Table , making a distinction between wisecracks ( “ calisthenics with words ” ) and real wit , but the publicity generated there made it one of the forerunners of contemporary celeb - culture ( with the caveat that most celebrities today are better seen than heard ) .
By the time her first collection of poems , Enough Rope , appeared in 1926 , she was already famous ; it sold extraordinarily well for verse , ever commercial publishing ’s neglected step - child .
Over the next decade she published two more successful collections , Sunset Gun and Death and Taxes , but by the end of the 1930s , the muse seemed to have deserted her , though she continued to write prose for twenty - five more years .
P ersonal happiness constantly eluded her .
Her first marriage , to a Wall Street nonentity who gave the author a surname and little else , ended in divorce after eleven years ; this was followed by a disastrous affair with Charles MacArthur , which ended with an abortion and a suicide attempt .
After that came other affairs and her on - again , off - again marriage to the actor and screenwriter Alan Campbell , who was eleven years her junior and was rumored to be bisexual .
The couple moved to Hollywood and collaborated on one classic picture , A Star Is Born , and a considerable amount of fluff ; they were well remunerated but managed to sink most of their earnings in unwise real estate ventures and a legendary amount of booze .
Beginning in 1934 , they divorced , remarried , separated , and were living together again when Campbell committed suicide in 1963 .
When asked by a less - than - favorite acquaintance if there was anything that could be done for her , Parker reportedly replied , “ Get me a new husband . ”
The woman expressed astonishment , and Parker replied , “ So sorry .
Then run down to the corner and get me a ham and cheese on rye and tell them to hold the mayo . ”
Her last years were spent in a New York hotel , which she shared with the last of a long line of dogs ; she died of a heart attack on June 7 , 1967 .
Two editions of Parker ’s verse have recently been published after more than a decade in press , and it is a shame that they have had to contend messily with each other .
Stuart Y. Silverstein ’s Not Much Fun : The Lost Poems of Dorothy Parker first appeared in 1996 .
[1 ]
Silverstein scrupulously ( one is tempted to say obsessively ) searched microfilms of old magazines and newspapers to collect the 125 poems that Parker did not include in her published collections .
When Marion Meade ’s Penguin edition , Complete Poems , was published in 1999 , most of the fruits of Silverstein ’s labors were included ( he had earlier offered his own book to Penguin before turning to Scribner ) .
[ 2 ]
Silverstein sued , winning a preliminary judgment , but in 2007 Penguin prevailed , making Not Much Fun largely superfluous .
I say “ largely ” advisedly , for the introduction is a delight to read , and he is able to provide a full array of Parker ’s bon mots in his riotously contrived footnotes .
Here is a sample sentence :
Frequent references in “ The Conning Tower ” [ FPA ’s column ] and talk around town caused Dorothy to develop a formidable reputation for repartee at the Algonquin , at Neysa ’s , at Swope ’s palatial Manhattan apartment and even more opulent Great Neck estate ( reputedly the model for Fitzgerald ’s Gatsby ’s ) 31 at other country houses , 32 at dinners and parties ,33 playing games , 34 and just walking down the street .35
One can let one ’s imagination play over what is contained at the bottom of the page .
I n comparison , Meade ’s introduction seems a little staid , though , to her credit , she does range a bit more widely than Silverstein , especially regarding the term “ light verse , ” which , she says ,
refers to short playful poetry that aims to make a point , sometimes major insights , by using literary wordplay including puns and alliteration … .
Basically light verse presented a handful of irreverent lines , with a jaunty climax .
It was this surprise twist that set it apart from regular verse .
While this does describe , to some degree , Parker ’s technique , there are several points to take issue with .
One is that while “ puns and alliteration ” may frequently appear in light verse , strict metrical regularity ( often in triple or dipodic meters ) and ingenious use of rhyme are far more important ; one misplaced syllable or one false rhyme can spell disaster , as anyone who has ever attempted a limerick can attest .
I had not previously noticed how rich the rhymes can be in Parker , but examples are abundant :
The bitter ills her fortune sends
She sprinkles smiles galore on ;
It seems to me our little friend
Is something of a moron .
( “ The Glad Girl ” )
As for Meade ’s remark about “ an appreciative audience ” for light verse , would that it were so .
There is presently only one American print magazine devoted to light verse , the Chicago - based Light Quarterly .
The New Yorker has n’t published any ( with the exception of Roger Angell ’s year ’s - end effusion ) since John Updike got serious , and when Poetry devoted a special issue to light verse several years ago one would think , judging from the letters and blogs , that a major desecration of the temple had occurred .
( England has got , thank God , Wendy Cope , but just try to buy her books here . )
I do think that Meade is on target about the elements of irreverence and surprise , which show up most conspicuously in Parker ’s refrains ( she is adept at French repeating forms like the ballade ) and closing couplets .
When one has been irreverently surprised four or five times in rapid succession , however , the trick begins to pall .
Too often , Parker begins with a sendup of romantic mannerisms , and the constant reader marks time , eye on the sputtering fuse , as in the second stanza of the “ lost ” poems , “ Lyric ” :
If the blossoms refused their pale honey , the bees
Must in idleness hunger and pine ;
While the moss cannot live , when it ’s torn from the trees ,
Nor the waxen - globed mistletoe twine .
Were it not for the sunshine , the birds would n’t sing ,
And the heavens would never be blue .
But of all Nature ’s works , the most wonderful thing
Is how well I get on without you .
Taken singly , this is delightful , but it resembles too many of the other uncollected poems in its “ move , ” providing , perhaps , a clue why poems like this did not make the final cut in Parker ’s books .
In later years Parker was dismissive of what she resolutely refused to call “ poems ” : “ Like everybody was then , I was following in the exquisite footsteps of Miss Millay , unhappily in my own horrible sneakers … .
[ M ] y work is horribly dated — as anything once fashionable is dreadful now . ”
It is true that the high lyricism of contemporaries like Elinor Wylie and Sara Teasdale is a little hard for most of us to bear ( though Millay ’s harder - edged sonnets like “ If I Should Learn , in Some Quite Casual Way ” retain much of their appeal ) .
One of the problems of light verse is that it thrives on topicality — it has a short shelf - life .
The title and opening lines of “ The Sheik ” ( “ The desert chieftain here behold , / The Dempsey of the Nile ” ) would probably stump most readers under seventy .
Lynn Fontanne , the subject of one tribute , seems as remote a figure as Mrs. Siddons .
Most of the merely topical poems were wisely excluded by Parker from her books , and there is enough pleasure to go around without them .
After readers savor for the umpteenth time the bittersweet tang of anthology pieces like “ Résumé ” or “ One Perfect Rose , ” they will find many excellent sonnets and quite a few serious poems .
The moving final two stanzas of “ Prayer for a New Mother ” spring no surprise and are certainly not irreverent :
Keep from her dreams the rumble of a crowd ,
The smell of rough - cut wood , the trail of red ,
The thick and chilly whiteness of the shroud
That wraps the strange new body of the dead .
Ah , let her go , kind Lord , where mothers go
And boast his pretty words and ways , and plan
The proud and happy years that they shall know
Together , when her son is grown a man .
W hy Parker gave up writing verse is anyone ’s guess , but it seems safe to assume that the drying up of her old markets , ( the old Life was nothing like Mr. Luce ’s new one ) , shifts in poetic fashion , and Parker ’s own personal life , which seems to have always been going from bad to worse , are to blame .
Additionally , Parker ’s communal turn in politics may have made her doubt the value of her poetry , which is nothing if not individual and personal .
In 1918 she could lampoon the “ Table D’Hôte Bolsheviki , ” but the Sacco and Vanzetti case and Depression - era Hollywood , where the only path to righteousness was a left turn , radicalized her to a strong degree , even causing breaks with many old friends , including Benchley .
She probably never “ carried a card , ” but she was n’t averse to hoisting a placard or two ; even if her sentiments seem sincere enough , they were surely at odds with her lyrical impulse .
Silverstein lays much of the blame for her transformation at the clay feet of Lillian Hellman , who with every passing year more closely resembles the Wicked Witch of the West : “ Whatever the reason , Hellman quickly gained , and jealously guarded , an intellectual and emotional influence over Dorothy that endured through the final thirty years of Dorothy ’s life . ”
That emotional influence extended into the afterlife as well .
Parker ’s will stipulated Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. , and , in the event of his death , the NAACP as beneficiaries , but Hellman , as Parker ’s executor , hung on after King ’s death ( “ milking ” the estate , in Silverstein ’s words ) until 1972 , when a court ordered her to relinquish control to the NAACP .
A possible result of this acrimony was that Parker ’s ashes remained unclaimed for years and were belatedly spread at the national headquarters of the NAACP in 1988 .
As her earliest poems near their first centennial , we may well ask if Parker ’s poems will be widely read on their second one .
It would take a wholesale rejection of modernism for her to be considered , like her beloved Housman , without a “ yes , but ” ; still , the mere fact that two trade publishers have updated their editions is a good indication that she still has readers .
Both the Complete Stories and the venerable The Portable Dorothy Parker remain in print , and there are plenty of copies of the Modern Library edition in the used bookstores .
If academia was slow to take her up , that is the price of popularity ; it ’s always amazing that supposedly populist academics can so offhandedly reject works that the public loves .
Even the feminists , at first put off by her grin - and - bear - it stance , have admitted her into the canon ; there is a good selection of her verse ( but no prose ) in The Norton Anthology of Literature by Women , sandwiched between Rebecca West and Genevieve Taggard .
One wonders what she would make of the company .
It could be worse .
Notes
Go to the top of the document .
Estonia won the green light today to join the euro zone in 2011 and become its 17th member in what is likely to be the crisis - hit currency area 's last enlargement for at least four years .
Despite European Central Bank doubts about how long Estonia can hold down inflation , the European Union 's executive arm said the former Soviet republic of 1.4 million people was ready for the euro , unlike other , bigger hopefuls such as the Czech Republic , Hungary and Poland .
" Estonia has achieved a high degree of sustainable economic convergence and is ready to adopt the euro on 1 January 2011 , " EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn said in a statement .
If , as expected , it is given the final go - ahead by EU finance ministers , the Baltic country will become the fifth of the states that joined the Union in 2004 to adopt the currency .
Slovenia entered the euro zone in 2007 , Cyprus and Malta in 2008 and Slovakia in 2009 .
The Commission 's decision could reassure other candidates that the euro zone remains open for expansion despite Greece 's debt crisis which has fuelled tensions in the currency area and forced it to create a $ 1 - trillion emergency aid mechanism for members facing solvency problems .
But euro zone turmoil has dampened enthusiasm towards the euro among candidates .
Polish finance minister Jacek Rostowski said today Warsaw was in no rush to join the currency area , which needs time to " refurbish " after the Greek crisis .
In a separate report , the ECB said there were mixed signals on Estonia 's readiness to adopt the euro because of questions over the country 's convergence sustainability in the future , notably about inflation .
Very low inflation in Estonia - which averaged - 0.7 per cent over the last 12 months , compared to the 1.0 per cent benchmark - was due to mainly temporary factors , it said .
" In sum , there are concerns regarding the sustainability of inflation convergence in Estonia , " the ECB said .
Under EU law , the Commission 's recommendation is binding .
The ECB 's are not .
The Commission said that other euro candidates - Bulgaria , the Czech Republic , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Hungary , Poland Romania and Sweden - were not ready .
Their inflation rates are too high , budget deficits too wide or most have not yet joined the ERM II currency system , a stability test for euro zone membership , it said .
" The nine member states with a so - called ' derogation ' ( to the euro ) have made uneven progress on the road to the single currency , " the Commission said .
A recent Reuters poll among economists , mirrored by a report by credit rating agency Fitch , said those countries were forecast to adopt the euro in 2014 - 2016 at the earliest .
The Commission 's recommendation crowns reforms that have turned Estonia into one of the most open and liberal economies in the 27 - nation EU and a darling of investors .
It rewards Estonia 's austerity programme , which was implemented despite deep recession last year and has ensured the country 's budget deficit is below 3 per cent of GDP - one criterion for joining the euro zone .
The country cut its deficit to 1.7 per cent of GDP last year despite an economic contraction of nearly 15 per cent .
Estonia also has one of the smaller national debts in the EU - 7.2 per cent of GDP .
The adoption of the euro is not expected to change much for Estonia 's investors and its citizens since the country has long kept its kroon currency fixed against the euro in a currency board .
The exchange rate is expected to be kept during the currency changeover .
The Commission said Estonia , which accounts for a tiny fraction of the euro zone 's € 10 trillion economy , met all the entry criteria on inflation , interest rates , its budget deficit , public debt and currency stability .
Reuters
Only one of
' nine neighborhood high schools --
-- would close and four other small neighborhoods would be rezoned to new high schools under the redesign that Superintendent Carole Smith proposed tonight .
Vocationally oriented
would convert from a four - year school to a career - tech center that students from across the district could attend part time as juniors and seniors .
And beginning with this year 's seventh - graders , students would have extremely limited opportunities to attend a neighborhood high school other than their own .
The point of the changes , which would take effect in fall 2011 , is to create fewer and more equitable high schools in a district plagued by a high dropout rate and huge disparities in the curricula offered to most white and middle - income teens versus to minority and low - income students .
" For the first time , we will guarantee access to a strong and broad core curriculum that is held in common for all our students , " Smith said , choking up with emotion .
" This plan also counts on the community .
Parents are saying they want access to this robust program in their neighborhoods , so that means we 're all going to be wrapping our hands around this and making it happen . "
An overflow crowd of students , parents and community members gathered in the board auditorium to hear the details of Smith 's plan .
They listened attentively without cheering or booing .
During her speech , one teacher from Benson waved a sign high in the air , advocating for an integrated Benson High school saying that Benson has a high graduation rate among its largely low - income and minority student body .
" We feel like we have a fight on our hands , " said John Slaughter , who leads the school 's mentoring program .
" The district says Benson is the optimal focus school .
There are other schools out there struggling .
Benson works .
Why change that ? "
The depth and scope of the changes are less than some advocates had hoped and many parents had feared .
Planners had said that at least two high schools , or maybe three , would need to close to make the remaining high schools large enough to offer the breadth of curriculum that students enjoy in suburban schools and to give every student the mix of support , challenge and excitement to keep them in school .
But Smith said that after weighing that option in detail , she preferred to rezone fewer neighborhoods to new high schools .
She also rejected a proposal to convert
to a small college - oriented magnet school partnered with
and instead recommended rebuilding Jefferson into a comprehensive neighborhood school .
Operating schools under the new scenario would cost the same as operating them as currently configured , said Zeke Smith , the superintendent 's chief of staff .
But making the change is expected to cost $ 14 million , in part to begin offering the full curriculum at schools such as Jefferson and
before the schools grow to full size .
While the district would become more stringent about allowing transfers , kids could move between neighborhood schools to take advantage of immersion programs , the Jefferson Dancers program and a Jefferson program that would enable students to earn credits toward an associate 's degree .
Read more
Read the Portland school district's
for reorganizing high schools , and read
on the plan .
The vast majority of Marshall students would be rezoned to neighboring Franklin High , whose attendance zone now has just 1,000 students , leaving room for plenty more .
would become the Portland district 's biggest high school with more than 1,900 students in its zone .
Marshall , meanwhile , would be converted to a magnet school for 400 to 500 students , Zeke Smith said , enabling the district to take advantage of a potential partnership with the
and honoring a desire by many Marshall faculty members and students to continue a small - school model .
Currently , 13 neighborhood high schools operate on nine campuses -- seven comprehensive schools , plus six small academies at Marshall and Roosevelt .
The acadamies would vanish as Marshall converts to a magnet and Roosevelt to a comprehensive high school .
Benson , with its storied history as the city 's career technical high school , has struggled in recent years to offer a comprehensive program and in - depth career programs with dwindling resources , Zeke Smith said .
" This is one way to address the fact that Benson has had a hard time being all things to everybody , " he said .
Benson would lose its athletic programs and its freshmen and sophomores .
District officials say the Northeast Portland campus would operate much like the
in Gresham and the
in North Clackamas .
Students at both schools spend half their time at a traditional high school and the other half at the centers getting hands - on training and instruction in health care , construction and technology .
Attendance , school sizes
Attendance zones :
Most Marshall students would go to Franklin .
Those who attend Harrison Park would go to Madison .
Boise - Eliot students would shift from Grant to Jefferson .
Sunnyside students would shift from
to
. Buckman students would shift from Grant to
. Creston students would move from Franklin to Cleveland .
Projected high school sizes in 2014 under the plan :
Franklin , 1,320 ; Grant , 1,310 ; Lincoln , 1,310 ; Cleveland , 1,290 ; Wilson , 1,270 ; Madison , 1,140 ; Jefferson , 940 ; Roosevelt , 940
Next , the
plans to accept public feedback for about a month , including at two community meetings -- one May 11 at Madison and one May 18 at Roosevelt ; times have n't been set yet .
The board is likely to vote on the proposal June 21 .
As part of the redesign , the district also said it would strengthen its lowest - achieving elementary and middle schools .
They would get a longer school day and school year , stronger principals if needed , and would no longer have to hire teachers unloaded by other schools .
Portland officials hired a Florida company to analyze district demographics and propose the best options for consolidating nine neighborhood high schools into fewer , larger , more equitable schools .
Among the factors :
Find geographically compact attendance zones , push every campus toward an enrollment of 1,350 , and shift the fewest students to different high schools .
Based on computer models that did not take into account Portland history and politics , the company proposed four options .
Carole Smith weighed and discarded three of them : closing Marshall and Jefferson ; closing Lincoln and Franklin ; or closing Marshall , Madison and Roosevelt .
" I would have loved to see us get to a seven - school scenario , " she said .
" But I also feel like we have the huge asset of community ownership and the desire to build community comprehensives , something different than what we 've built before .
And people want that in their neighborhood .
I think that is the right place to start . "
Here is the most chilling way I can find of stating the matter .
Until recently , “ waterboarding ” was something that Americans did to other Americans .
It was inflicted , and endured , by those members of the Special Forces who underwent the advanced form of training known as SERE ( Survival , Evasion , Resistance , Escape ) .
In these harsh exercises , brave men and women were introduced to the sorts of barbarism that they might expect to meet at the hands of a lawless foe who disregarded the Geneva Conventions .
But it was something that Americans were being trained to resist , not to inflict .
Exploring this narrow but deep distinction , on a gorgeous day last May I found myself deep in the hill country of western North Carolina , preparing to be surprised by a team of extremely hardened veterans who had confronted their country ’s enemies in highly arduous terrain all over the world .
They knew about everything from unarmed combat to enhanced interrogation and , in exchange for anonymity , were going to show me as nearly as possible what real waterboarding might be like .
It goes without saying that I knew I could stop the process at any time , and that when it was all over I would be released into happy daylight rather than returned to a darkened cell .
But it ’s been well said that cowards die many times before their deaths , and it was difficult for me to completely forget the clause in the contract of indemnification that I had signed .
This document ( written by one who knew ) stated revealingly :
“ Water boarding ” is a potentially dangerous activity in which the participant can receive serious and permanent ( physical , emotional and psychological ) injuries and even death , including injuries and death due to the respiratory and neurological systems of the body .
As the agreement went on to say , there would be safeguards provided “ during the ‘ water boarding ’ process , however , these measures may fail and even if they work properly they may not prevent Hitchens from experiencing serious injury or death . ”
On the night before the encounter I got to sleep with what I thought was creditable ease , but woke early and knew at once that I was n’t going back to any sort of doze or snooze .
The first specialist I had approached with the scheme had asked my age on the telephone and when told what it was ( I am 59 ) had laughed out loud and told me to forget it .
Waterboarding is for Green Berets in training , or wiry young jihadists whose teeth can bite through the gristle of an old goat .
It ’s not for wheezing , paunchy scribblers .
For my current “ handlers ” I had had to produce a doctor ’s certificate assuring them that I did not have asthma , but I wondered whether I should tell them about the 15,000 cigarettes I had inhaled every year for the last several decades .
I was feeling apprehensive , in other words , and beginning to wish I had n’t given myself so long to think about it .
I have to be opaque about exactly where I was later that day , but there came a moment when , sitting on a porch outside a remote house at the end of a winding country road , I was very gently yet firmly grabbed from behind , pulled to my feet , pinioned by my wrists ( which were then cuffed to a belt ) , and cut off from the sunlight by having a black hood pulled over my face .
I was then turned around a few times , I presume to assist in disorienting me , and led over some crunchy gravel into a darkened room .
Well , mainly darkened : there were some oddly spaced bright lights that came as pinpoints through my hood .
And some weird music assaulted my ears .
( I ’m no judge of these things , but I would n’t have expected former Special Forces types to be so fond of New Age techno - disco . )
The outside world seemed very suddenly very distant indeed .
Video : Watch Christopher Hitchens Get Waterboarded
Arms already lost to me , I was n’t able to flail as I was pushed onto a sloping board and positioned with my head lower than my heart .
( That ’s the main point : the angle can be slight or steep . )
Then my legs were lashed together so that the board and I were one single and trussed unit .
Not to bore you with my phobias , but if I do n’t have at least two pillows I wake up with acid reflux and mild sleep apnea , so even a merely supine position makes me uneasy .
And , to tell you something I had been keeping from myself as well as from my new experimental friends , I do have a fear of drowning that comes from a bad childhood moment on the Isle of Wight , when I got out of my depth .
As a boy reading the climactic torture scene of 1984 , where what is in Room 101 is the worst thing in the world , I realize that somewhere in my version of that hideous chamber comes the moment when the wave washes over me .
Not that that makes me special : I do n’t know anyone who likes the idea of drowning .
As mammals we may have originated in the ocean , but water has many ways of reminding us that when we are in it we are out of our element .
In brief , when it comes to breathing , give me good old air every time .
According to Bloomberg New Energy Finance , tax fraud is the carbon trading marketâ€™s most egregious form of cheating , affecting about seven percent of this $ 125 billion market in 2009 .
In August 2009 , seven people were arrested near London for not paying tax on the sale of carbon permits , for a total of Â£ 38 million ( about U.S. $ 63 million ) .
The taxes were levied as part of the European Union Greenhouse Gas Emission Trading System , created in January 2005 and based on Directive 2003 / 87 / EC , which was enforced beginning Oct. 25 , 2003 .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Carbon emissions trading , or cap - and - trade , is a system whereby governments tell industry how much carbon dioxide a particular factory or operation can emit .
If the factory or operation manages to emit less than the mandate allows , it can sell its excess on the open market , but either it or its designated seller is required to report the transaction and pay taxes on it , as on any financial gain .
Where industrial operations emit more than their share of carbon emissions , they must buy carbon credits , and their purchase â€ “ usually also from a designated carbon trader â€ “ is also reported to the appropriate agencies , who carefully regulate the buying and selling of credits .
In the European Union , trading has been moving toward centralization since 2008 .
The E.U. Emissions Trading System is currently in the second trading period of 2008 â€ “ 2012 , with hopes that centralization can be achieved during the third period .
Centralization would hopefully prevent the windfall profits and tax fraud generated by the first and second periods , during which carbon allowances were given freely to all E.U. member countries .
The E.U. Emissions Trading System currently trade for about 15 euros ( $ 21 ) per ton .
The 2009 carbon emissions tax evasion scheme involved traders and companies who bought carbon credits outside E.U. countries which applied the Value Added Tax , or VAT â€ “ - or where VATs were lower â€ “ - then sold them ( usually in the United Kingdom ) with the VAT added , without subsequently paying the tax back to the government .
The same thing occurred again this past April , albeit on a larger scale , involving 22 people in the United Kingdom ( 13 in England , eight in Scotland , and one detained on an E.U. arrest warrant ) as well as an unreported number so far in Germany .
The investigation also overflowed into other E.U. countries , namely Belgium , the Czech Republic , Cyprus , Denmark , Finland , Norway , Portugal , Spain and the Netherlands .
In Germany , officials and tax investigators swept 230 offices and residences , including Deutsche Bank AG , Munich - based HVB Group ( the second largest private German financial institution and retail bank ) , and RWE AG , a German electric and natural gas public utility headquartered in Essen .
All detentions and raids across the European Union occurred on April 28 in an aggressive attempt to round up carbon emissions trading cheaters at every level .
In this particular sweep , Germany is looking at 180 million euros ( $ 239 million ) in tax evasions by 150 individuals at 50 companies .
In the United Kingdom , the Revenue & Customs office , or HMRC , targeted 81 sites .
The VAT tax varies according to the E.U. country levying it , and the product or the nature of the service delivered .
Thus it is possible to buy carbon credits without the tax ( or at a lower tax rate , i.e. , Poland ) , and resell them in high - VAT countries .
The E.U. carbon emissions trading fraud is huge , but perhaps nothing compared to the potential for cheating that will become available in the United States once Waxman - Markey , or some similar scheme for reducing carbon emissions , emerges from the Senate to become law .
Article continues : http://blog.cleantechies.com/2010/05/17/emissions-tax-fraud-eu-carbon-program/
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
David Cameron was forced to defend his party 's education policy during a visit to Southampton University when a student stopped him .
Nineteen - year - old English literature student Chloe Green accused him of getting rid of vital funding for poorer students .
“ If your eyes show signs of fatigue or dryness or if you have any of the above symptoms , immediately discontinue use of this device and do not resume using it for at least thirty minutes after the symptoms have subsided . ”
Movie director James Cameron , of Avatar and Titanic fame , is helping to build a 3 - D camera for the next robotic rover that NASA will send to Mars .
NASA announced this month that Cameron is working with Malin Space Science Systems Inc. of San Diego to build an updated camera that , if completed in time , will be installed on the Mars Science Laboratory rover , which has been dubbed Curiosity .
The rover 's cameras will be the machine 's " science - imaging workhorse , " according to the space agency .
Curiosity is scheduled to be launched in 2011 .
Earlier this month , Malin delivered two cameras to be installed on the rover 's main mast .
The cameras , which are set up for high - definition color video , are designed to take images of the Martian surface surrounding Curiosity , as well as of distant objects .
NASA , however , has provided Malin with funding to work with Cameron to build alternatives of these two cameras - both would be 3D and would have zoom lenses .
" Restoring the zoom is not a science issue , although there will be some science benefits , " said Michael Malin , president and chief scientist of Malin Space Science Systems , in a statement .
" The fixed focal length [ cameras ] we just delivered will do almost all of the science we originally proposed .
But they cannot provide a wide field of view with comparable eye stereo .
With the zoom [ cameras ] , we 'll be able to take cinematic video sequences in 3D on the surface of Mars .
This will give our public engagement co-investigator , James Cameron , tools similar to those he used on his recent 3D motion picture projects . "
Cameron 's Avatar , which is the highest - grossing movie in history , is widely considered to be the most ambitious 3D film ever produced .
Engineers , teaming up with Cameron , are just beginning work on the new 3D cameras being built for Curiosity , according to NASA .
To make it on the new rover , they will have to be designed , assembled and tested before NASA begins its final testing of the rover early next year .
Curiosity is an SUV - sized super rover that will carry cameras , chemistry instruments , environmental sensors and radiation monitors to investigate the Martian surface .
According to NASA , all of these instruments are designed to help scientists figure out whether life ever existed on Mars and prepare to send humans to the Red Planet .
The new super rover was scheduled to be sent to Mars in 2009 but its launch has been delayed by funding problems .
NASA has been heavily focused on exploring Mars with two rovers , the Phoenix Mars Lander and an orbiter already studying the planet .
And with the success that NASA has had working on Mars , there has been a lot of excitement brewing to send up a new one .
The two rovers , Spirit and Opportunity , which have worked on Mars , are some of the best pieces of technology that the Jet Propulsion Lab has ever built , said Bruce Banerdt , project scientist for the Mars Exploration Rovers , in a previous interview .
Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet and Web 2.0 , emerging technologies , and desktop and laptop chips for Computerworld .
Follow Sharon on Twitter at @sgaudin or subscribe to Sharon 's RSS feed .
Her e-mail address is sgaudin@computerworld.com .
One of the most interesting experiences to come out of my trip to the States was that I was lucky enough to meet one of my idols since I was a very young child , an astronomer and science writer called Andrew Kowal .
In 1983 Kowal wrote a science book entitled " Travellers in Time and Space " which took the reader on a hypothetical journey from Earth to the Moon , then the Sun and planets and on outwards to eventually reach the most distant quasars that were known at the time , before diving back in time to examine the Big Bang and the origins of the stars and galaxies .
Essentially it was a guided tour of the entire known universe and while it was quite long and dense , it was written at a sufficiently simple level and with a nice readable font that I ended up reading the whole thing from cover to cover .
I was very young at the time and I just devoured every word of it .
I still remember almost all of it .
I was at the age where everything I learned was being stored on the very lowest levels of my memory , where they were probably going to stay forever .
It provided a starting point for almost everything that I 've gone on to learn about modern space science and astronomy .
The book is out of print and way out of date and extremely difficult to get hold of now , but it was still a significant aspect of my childhood so I jumped at the chance to actually meet Kowal in person at the Rosino Observatory in Florida .
Getting to the observatory involved landing in Gainesville and then driving for about two hours in a perfectly straight line across gorgeously sunny but befuddlingly repetitious pancake - flat grassland .
I 'm serious , at one point I stopped and checked my GPS because of deja vu , to make sure I had n't blundered into some warp in spacetime which had unknowingly sent me back fifty miles .
Until now I never knew that Scooby Doo trees were a real geographical feature .
Rosino the town is like fog ; so spaced out that you barely notice you 've entered it and then , after trying and failing to find something resembling a city centre , you can't help but think it must be made entirely of suburb .
This is true of many towns in the States .
I suppose it 's just a country that there 's more of .
At first I approved of building cities on grid patterns because of how easy it makes it to find stuff , but now the lack of symphony and creativity drives me spare , as if every town was spat out by the same bored computer which nobody could find the enthusiasm to go back and program to be less predictable .
The observatory is a few miles out the other side of the town .
It 's not Arecibo or the VLA , one of those towering technological achievements which is miles in diameter and gets used in motion pictures to make astronomy look sexy ( which it is n't , it 's mainly difficult number crunching and extreme patience ) , it 's just a reasonably large , 1.0 m - aperture steerable Cassegrain reflector .
Jon Cutter is the reason why I managed to find Kowal again .
He is someone whom I met way back when I first got onto the internet in the early 2000s , thanks to free school access .
Jon used to run a videogame high score site on which we both used to compete , back in the days before games consoles had any sort of capacity to automatically ( and verifiably ) report their users ' achievements to the rest of the world .
The charts and forums were a hotbed of unreliable results ( scraped and collated from player - hosted GeoCities pages ) , juvenile trolling and , in the absence of YouTube and widespread webcams and capture cards , Photoshopped photographic proof .
I wound up pouring hundreds of hours of my life into that N64 and those rankings , as this also happened to be years before me getting a life .
I left when , for various reasons that I wo n't go into , things started to get really twisted and unhappy on the forums .
It 's a bad patch that they 've pulled out of now but it was enough to make me leave semi-permanently .
I go back to the old community now and then , and , while the participants are still all quite familiar names and the top scores have inched upwards and the total best times have ratcheted downwards , the level of proof is n't much higher and nobody involved seems to have mentally aged by more than a few months .
Still , Jon was always the most likely one of us to grow into a responsible adult and here you go .
We 'd never met in reality on account of a little thing called the Atlantic Ocean but he'd happened to mention on AIM that he was working with Kowal and I was coming over to the US anyway so I thought I 'd plot this detour .
The boy is married now , and soon to be a father .
That particular fad , a rising trend among my friends , frankly terrifies me .
Anyway he's also now finished his doctorate and turned into a professional astronomer and evidently claimed his free beard and lurid wooly jumper .
I spent an hour or two being shown around the instruments and control panels for the telescope and I also got to climb up the gantry to the top of the thing and take a look down inside all the highly polished and ground optical geometry inside it .
This was broad daylight so no observation was actually going on .
Jon also took me up to the office and showed me some of the data he and the rest of the eight - man ( zero - woman ) staff had recorded over the last few years .
99 % of astronomy , it seems , is geometry .
Most of that is handled by powerful computers ( and I did get a chance to look at their " server farm " which was actually just a few racks of processors mounted in a dangerously overheating cupboard which Wrightfield University ( who owns the observatory ) does n't have the budget to air - condition ) .
The remaining 1 % is what occupies Jon 's time and 99 % of this , in turn , is recording gigs and gigs of very mundane observations , formatting and collating them and adding them to the gigantic and growing collection of raw data which forms the basic bedrock of modern astrophysics .
Finding a new patch of sky to chart is not difficult at all because the sky itself is four pi steradians and a typical telescope can look at , let 's say , a billionth of that at a time .
( Also : I know what a steradian is now . )
But actual envelope - pushing requires envelope - pushing technology , and a ground - based 1.0 m Cassegrain reflector is not exactly envelope - pushing .
Jon 's thesis was on the fluid dynamic behaviour of planetary nebulae and he has some impressive false - colour time - lapse images as well as some engrossing computer simulations which I spent an embarrassing amount of time toying with and trying to break .
Jon put it like this : science is a tower which we are all trying to make taller .
The lower levels are all filled in and sturdy , but the higher you go , the more gaps there are .
The people right at the cutting edge looking for dark energy and Higgs bosons and symmetry violations are perched on the very top of the pile , hurling bricks into clear air to see what finds purchase .
Meanwhile , Those Also Serve Who Stay Behind And Fill In The Gaps .
They need filling .
It is not unusual for scientists to uncover very interesting and hitherto - overlooked facts while filling in those seemingly trivial gaps .
But it is much less unusual for the gap - fillers to just go entirely unsung even while superstar names go on to build amazing things on top of that laboriously collected data .
It 's just the way Science with a capital S goes .
It 's a thing you just have to adjust to .
Or quit out of .
By this time I was growing restless and dusk was falling and I was idly wondering whether Andrew Kowal was likely to be turning up for a night 's observations when Jon dropped the bombshell on me .
Kowal actually has n't been to work for a few months now , because he's in the hospital .
I 'm used to the idea that my heroes and idols are n't immortal -- I was beating my Dad at Sonic The Hedgehog when I was eight , which is an experience I 'm sure all of us have had , in some analogous form .
It was the idea that I might have come such a long way and missed the guy entirely that frightened me the most .
My first reaction was selfish , what does that say ?
I kind of hope that the fact that I thought long enough to have a second reaction - " Zarquon , cancer in America is the most expensive and unpleasant way I can think of to depart a notionally civilised country " - negates that .
Jon told me he had anything from one to eight months left .
So I said can I come and visit him at the hospital ?
*
I stuck around for half a shift at the observatory , spending most of the time re-reading the Night 's Dawn Trilogy ( it 's exhaustingly grand in scope and if I have to read the words " neural nanonics " another time I may scream and throttle someone , otherwise fine ) and not actually helping out much .
Then Jon and I headed back to his house and ate some instant food ( " food " is about as specific as Jon was prepared to get , it was orange and possibly edible , nothing else can be stated with certainty ) and played Mario Kart 64 , even though I loathe it with the heat of a thousand suns now , just for old times ' sake , until around dawn .
His wife was in bed when we got back and she 'd gone out to work by the time I woke up so I managed to avoid actually meeting her .
Jon had to work too ( he 's seen Kowal very recently anyway ) so I got to the hospital in mid-afternoon , the middle of visiting hours .
In my head I 'd built this picture of a lonely guy with not much other than a few fellow astronomers to keep him company - Kowal was never a Patrick Moore - level popular scientist - but it turned out the man was surrounded with family : wife , at least four grown - up kids , a few baby kids of theirs and even his own mum .
Mom ?
I had to wade through gifts and balloons to reach the bed .
His mom is incredibly ancient , minuscule and adorable .
Before I could say anything she 'd spotted that I 'd brought along the book to be signed and introduced me to Kowal as a fan .
I told him I found his family so loving as to be intimidating , and told him that getting four generations in one room was braggable .
Kowal was not in good shape .
I do n't know how much more descriptive I want to be .
He seemed to be trapped at the core of this big cloud of cheer .
I asked him about the work he 'd done .
He launched into great technical detail on subjects I did n't fully understand , but after a while the room was full of dense astrophysics jargon and the rest of the family - all either less scientific or clutching babies in need of attention - had quietly ducked out for coffee .
And we got onto his life story .
I do n't know if that was a coded signal or a planned move or improvised or what , but five minutes of lens geometry and it was him , me and space , which was great .
The only way I can put this is that Kowal 's life story is n't long enough .
Even if largely unknown , the man has done tremendous work .
He has actually been to the sexy arrays .
He was partially involved in some fascinating , ridiculous thing in the 1980s at a radio telescope in Alaska where it turned out that one of the people working there was 1 ) a completely incompetent astronomer , 2 ) stealing data and 3 ) probably working for the CIA .
This tale , I reckoned , had probably grown in the telling somewhat , but then I went and looked up a few of the old newspaper issues online and there are some pretty interesting police reports surrounding it .
A little further Googling revealed that there are also some insane numerological ufologist types who think it was about aliens , but they 're worth ignoring .
It might be connected with Star Wars .
It might be connected with Russia .
It could be just some ridiculous misunderstanding .
What matters is that the story is great and if you carry all the theories to their logical conclusion there 's probably a great movie in it .
Kowal 's other story is from a decade earlier and basically covers the reason why he left SETI .
The thing is that late 1970s were the Bronze Age of computing .
Stone knives and bearskins .
( Well , bronze knives . )
That era's supercomputer would probably fit in today 's breast pocket .
In fact , check your pocket now .
That Android phone ?
Yeah .
This was slightly before the point when computer time became less expensive than programmer time .
It was n't " bits and bytes entered manually using physical switches " but it was n't far past " stacks of punch cards the size of dollar bills " .
It was monochrome dumb terminals and space - cadet keyboards and magnetic tape decks .
It was still about the same amount of cash to buy .
This was Kowal 's intro , not mine .
His point was that a modern Android phone probably has a fast enough bus to write out to memory fast enough to record the whole thing , whereas 1978 's magnetic tape decks could n't .
He and his colleagues ( Geoff McCusker , who was pretty much Andrew Kowal to Kowal 's Sam Hughes , and Matthijs van Artevelde , whose name 's spelling I was careful to note down in full ) sat there sharing one set of TDK headphones listening to the raw binary because there was no actual way to make sense of what was coming into the receiver that night .
I mean , to listen to a raw screech , you can tell it 's binary .
That 's true regardless of the bitrate .
I know that , so do you .
The problem is that just because you can tell it 's coherent binary does n't mean you can pick out the ones and zeroes , which is what you need to actually decode it .
So what Kowal and his colleagues actually picked up - and they did actually record the last few minutes of the thing , which was n't actually repeating - actually actually - was put onto tape , except that the tape is useless .
I mean , there is n't the raw granularity in the storage medium , nor is there the signal processing technology to restore that fine detail .
It 's like looking at a fractal through a pixellating filter .
Okay , bad example .
All pixel representations of fractals hide detail .
It 's like looking at the Mona Lisa through a pixellating filter .
And I said " What ? " and Kowal said eighty million , four hundred thousand ( plus or minus two hundred thousand ) years ago an intelligent species originating near a probable blue supergiant in NGC 3780 spent its expiring moments harnessing a substantial percentage of its parent star 's power to broadcast an unknown message of indeterminate length to the entire listening universe and we missed every last bit of it .
Which , given the previous story , was some cracked pottery .
This was beyond ufology , this was some certifiable Pierre de Fermat crap .
I said again , " What ? "
Of course he could n't prove it , he said .
He could put the tape in my hands and let me play all fifteen minutes of it , he could walk me through the complete construction of the dish which received it and all of the measures that were in place to prevent stuff from being inserted into the feed and to ensure that signals recorded from outer space originated where they appeared to originate , and I still would n't believe him , he said .
The fact that I had n't been right there on that night , standing underneath the machine that made the recording , at the moment that the recording was made , with the intimate knowledge of the capabilities of that machine and intimate understanding of the the things which were , for the machine , impossible , means that there is no difference for me between the tape recording and one of modem static , he said .
So I smiled and thanked him for his time and thanked him for the autograph and checked my watch and managed to excuse myself without saying anything stupid like " Get well soon " or " See you around " .
Hilarious .
*
Of course I felt angry and embarrassed walking out of there .
It 's something I bet he tries - tried - on all his admirers .
His whole family 's probably in on it .
They even sent me a tape in the post , having apparently got my address from Jon .
I can't play the tape of course because it 's the wrong shape and in any case who has a tape player in this decade ?
I never really figured out what the turnover point was when obsolete physical media suddenly becomes a valuable antique , but it 's probably not for a while .
In case you 've never read up on the history of supernova observation , supernova 1978H was , as a matter of public record , and by almost thirty years , the first supernova in history to be observed in its entirety , from start to finish .
Its date ( November 7 , the day after Kowal 's claim ) and position in the sky ( NGC 3780 ) are common knowledge .
McCusker died in 1989 and van Artevelde died in 2000 .
I have n't tracked Wild down yet , so I do n't know whether he actually got lucky or what .
Forensic analysis is probably better now than it was thirty years ago .
I sent the tape to some friends of mine at the University to see if they could do anything , or at least let me have a high - resolution rip .
*
I mean , supposedly , it was long , and it was non-repeating .
Oh , and it was amplitude - modulated .
That 's all ?
Other than that , I can imagine people treating it as a piece of found art or found literature or found poetry and spending ridiculous amounts of paper just reading meaning into literal vacuum .
A friend of mine wanted to create some modern art and then put it under a hat , glued down .
The hat is n't part of the art , the art is under the hat .
This is basically the exact same thing .
You know something is there , but you can't know what , you just have to speculate .
My best suggestion was " another , smaller hat " .
The thing is that all art is a product of its context and has to be evaluated in that context .
That covers both social context and the literal container .
It has to be this big .
It has to be that heavy .
It came in the form of a message and certain things are implicit in all messages , things like " I am here " and " I sent this " and " You are there " and " You are reading this " .
Except that those are some pretty gigantic statements already .
And the other thing that I can't help thinking is that very few people have participated in serious attempts to make contact with other civilisations , and I 've been part of subcultures before now .
And subcultures remember their own .
If you are looking for mentions of particular places in Britain , you will be better off searching using the main home page , as our travellers often use very old - fashioned versions of place - names .
Use this form to find mentions of places outside Britain , locations that do not fit our definition of " place " , such as landed estates , or any other term you are interested in .
Searching for " places " via the main home page will take you straight to the first mention within the text , but this more general facility simply takes you to relevant selections and you must then use your browser 's search facility to find the actual reference .
One particular " place " had to be treated differently : London .
We have excluded it from our marking - up of place names , because it was constantly mentioned by travellers wherever they were ; for example , Boswell mentions London in every single chapter of his tour of Highland Scotland .
Conversely , detailed descriptions of the metropolis seldom mention " London " , only districts within the city .
Follow these links to reach detailed accounts of London by Defoe , Fiennes and Moritz .
We also excluded from our marking - up references to counties or larger areas , and most geographical names when used to identify particular people : the Earl of Salisbury , the Bishop of Winchester , William of Malmesbury .
As far as possible , selections are the chapters in the original book and each begins with a clickable map of the places mentioned .
Scroll down to watch this video excerpt from Jeff Novick 's 90 - minute presentation on food labeling .
Entitled Should I Eat That ?
How to Choose the Healthiest Foods , Jeff Novick MS , RD , LD , LN presents an easy clear method for understanding whether a packaged food is good for you or not .
About the DVD Program
How do you decide if your food is healthy or not ?
Do you prefer organic , low fat , low carb , low sugar , high protein , soy , vegan or vegetarian ?
All of these ?
None of them ?
Or are you just attracted to a picture on a box ?
Making healthy choices has gotten very confusing , as stores are filled to the brim with foods no one should be eating -- too often even the food brands which claim to be " healthy . "
In his informative and fun style , Jeff Novick reveals the truth behind the marketing of " health " foods , and shows a simple system for insuring you make wise choices .
Watch Jeff 's talk , so you wo n't be fooled again !
Order Jeff 's full 90 - minute SHOULD I EAT THAT ?
talk on DVD right now , click here : the VegSource store
FACEBOOK COMMENTS :
Like human bone , the glass bone scaffold developed by the researchers is porous at the macroscale as well as the nanoscale .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
A prosthodontist from Egypt is helping Lehigh researchers develop bioactive glass that mimics the behavior of living tissue .
As a professor of prosthetic dentistry in Alexandria , Egypt , Mona Marei sees patients whose degenerating bones lead to fractures , tooth loss and failed dental implants .
Improving their health , she said recently at Lehigh , is the driving force behind her research in tissue regeneration .
Marei traveled here to meet with her research partners at Lehigh ’s International Materials Institute for New Functionality in Glass ( IMI ) and to deliver a seminar , “ Engineering living tissue from scratch . ”
The event was sponsored by IMI and co-sponsored by the bioengineering program and the department of materials science and engineering .
Doctors have used transplants and implants for decades , primarily as replacements for damaged or missing body parts , said Marei , who is founder and head of Alexandria University ’s tissue engineering science and technology program .
The newest developments in treating tissue disease or injury are regenerative therapies , which draw on engineering and life sciences to understand the structural and functional relationships within tissues .
Scientists have engineered living skin , cartilage and bone .
Now they are seeking to make materials that mimic tissue development in a living organism and to implant these materials into a living organism .
“ The lizard and salamander can regenerate limbs , ” Marei said .
“ Why not human beings ? ”
A glass bone scaffold
Marei and IMI director Himanshu Jain lead a multidisciplinary team of researchers from Portugal , Senegal , Egypt , Princeton University and Lehigh who are developing glass that can treat patients with damaged bone .
The glass has been successfully tested in vitro at Lehigh in the lab of Matthias Falk , associate professor of biological sciences .
Marei and her group in Alexandria are testing it in animals .
The goal is to place in the body a glass “ scaffold ” that promotes transport of blood and nutrients through interconnected pores and allows new cells to grow , without causing infection or a systemic reaction .
The scaffold has chemical ingredients that match those of natural bone .
When attached to injured or diseased bone , the glass spurs the bone to regenerate and is then absorbed into the body .
“ It is so nice to have this complementary expertise coming together , ” Jain said .
The collaboration allows researchers to share expensive lab equipment , cooperate on experiments , organize student exchanges and publish papers .
“ Being a clinician , I always look at patients and how they benefit from the application , ” Marei said .
“ To have a medical product that has an optimum character , is safe and easy to prepare , and whose outcome is well - known and repeated — I think it is good for Lehigh to produce such a thing . ”
Making a difference
The bioglass material — which will be tested in the near future in human clinical trials — could help build denser bones as bases for dental implants , help repair weakened or broken bones and even help facilitate drug delivery .
Researchers are working on bioglass that can be formed readily into complex shapes such as a tube , a finger or a mandible .
The material can be particularly useful for patients with osteoporosis — a condition faced often by women , especially during menopause — which can lead to tooth loss and bone fractures .
Marei has been collaborating with Jain for about four years .
During her weeklong stay at Lehigh , her first visit here , she toured labs and met faculty and students from diverse disciplines .
She has extended invitations to Lehigh researchers to conduct in vivo experiments in her laboratories in Alexandria .
Falk and Shaojie Wang , a graduate student in materials science and engineering , plan to accept her offer with support from IMI .
Marei described herself as “ very impressed ” by Lehigh .
“ It is very much a warm society and atmosphere , ” she said .
Explore further Dually porous glass shows promise in helping damaged bone regenerate
Europeans wo n’t be amused by the alleged Goldman Sachs scam .
ABN Amro , and therefore ultimately Royal Bank of Scotland , ended up losing $ 841 million in the allegedly fraudulent collateralised debt obligation investment concocted by the investment bank .
Meanwhile , IKB , the bust German bank , lost nearly $ 150 million .
These European banks were some of the biggest financial mugs in the last years of the credit bubble .
But the allegations levelled by the Securities and Exchange Commission do n’t concern the folly of the buyers and insurers of subprime mortgage investments .
Goldman is accused of misleading investors .
The UK and German states , which bailed the banks out , will be livid if the case is proved .
Goldman denies the charges .
The UK government could be the biggest loser if the allegations turn out to be true .
After all , it had to rescue RBS only two months after the Scottish bank paid Goldman $ 841 million to unwind a guarantee it inherited when it acquired part of ABN Amro , the Dutch bank , according to the SEC .
Of course , the hole at RBS was much bigger than that .
Still , there must be a risk that the issue could become a political football given that the UK is in the midst of a tight election campaign in which banker - bashing is a popular activity among all the main parties .
The Germans wo n’t be happy either if the SEC ’s charges are proved .
Again , IKB ’s problems ran deeper than its purchase of the investment marketed by Goldman .
But it was only months later , in the summer of 2007 , that the bank was rescued at huge cost to the German taxpayer .
Many European politicians are already suspicious about Goldman after revelations that it perfectly legally helped Greece hide the true extent of its debts just before it joined the euro .
These new allegations , concerning activity that may have directly hurt the pockets of two of the region ’s biggest and most powerful governments , could scarcely have come at a worse time .
Having some experience in the oil and natural gas industries , I want to take a second and explain to people why you can't just " plug the well up . "
First off , to get my credentials in order , I worked in the fracturing side of the industry , called " Frac " for short .
What we do is when the hole is drilled and the pipe line is sent in , we push water , chemicals and sand into that hole at about 10 - 15,000 PSI .
There are little perforations in that pipe line that the sand / chemicals shoot into , thus creating " veins " underground .
Those veins are then sucked out and oil / natural gas begins to flow through the wellhead .
The reason they can't just " plug the wellhead " is because there is so much pressure created in the process and it's applied to the oil below the surface that it is almost impossible to just plug it .
It 's like trying to stop a fire hydrant with a piece of gum .
No amount of gum will stop that fire hydrant , not because there is n't enough gum but because there is far too much pressure created within the hydrant to stop just * like that * .
It sounds to me like what is happening here is that BP can stop the flow of oil , they just are n't willing to lose out on the hundreds of millions of dollars that wellhead is bound to generate by shutting it down .
Once it 's shut down , it 's down for good .
They would have to drill another hole into the reservoir underground to get oil again .
That wellhead / pipeline is shot , no question .
It 's just a matter of when BP will admit they screwed it up .
However , given the EPA 's regulations on that , do n't expect to hear BP say sorry any time soon .
Kind of like a car wreck , if you say sorry you admit you are wrong , which makes you liable automatically through insurance .
The EPA would be up their ASS so much if they admitted they screwed up .
That 's why you have n't heard it yet , and that 's why the efforts to clean the shit up are so half - assed .
BP can't admit fault , they are liable at that point in the eyes of the government / EPA .
/ off soap box .
Music producer Jun Seba , known as Nujabes , passed away in late February .
His label made public the sad news today .
Advertisement
Late nite February 26 , the 36 - year - old Nujabes was in a car accident in Tokyo .
Efforts to revive him proved futile .
Nujabes was known for his cutting edge hip - hop — such as the soundtrack work he did for anime Samurai Champloo .
The series got its own original PS2 game , Samurai Champloo : Sidetracked .
The title was developed by Bandai and Grasshopper Manufacture , the studio behind the No More Heroes games .
Nujabes record label stated , " We deeply regret the loss of a unique talent and a close friend .
Through his soulful music , Nujabes has touched so many people around the world , even beyond his dreams .
He was a mysterious character to most as he avoided the public limelight , rarely conducted interviews , so only a few got to know the man behind the signature production .
Yet it continued to amaze me how young listeners of all backgrounds learned of his enigmatic name , and expressed support for his music . "
Advertisement
Jun Seba aka Nujabes , Rest In Peace [ Thanks , Gene ! ]
CHENNAI : The biggest change Indian Premier League has brought to cricket is it has taken the sport much beyond the 22 yards .
Cricket , like IT or any other industry is now a serious career option for many of the youngsters in the country .
So , just like any other subject , now cricket has also made it to the University prospectus .
Auckland Cricket Association with Auckland University has introduced a diploma in cricket , the world 's first anywhere .
And they are targeting to recruit mainly Indian students for the course .
The CEO of the Auckland Cricket Association , Andrew Eade , who had come down to the city for the launch of the program , in a tete - e- tete with TOI said : " With the Indian Premier League becoming such a huge hit , the global market for cricket is concentrated in the subcontinent .
We want to cash in on it .
People here are eager to take cricket as a profession , be it as a player or referee or being involved in the management part .
The course will provide a good platform for those who are interested . "
Eade wants to take the whole program to the next level by collaborating with an IPL franchisee .
However , he refused to clarify what sort of collaboration he was thinking about .
" I will be going to Mohali and Jaipur next week to meet the franchise people .
I hope that something will come up , " he said .
Eade is not new to subcontinent cricket .
He worked as ICC Global Development manager from 2000 to 2003 and traveled through India extensively watching cricket .
" I have seen enough cricket in the country and I know the amount of potential the young kids have here .
But they need proper direction to fulfill their dreams , " he said .
The course is completely different from what the innumerable cricket academies across the country provide .
" There 's no reason to mix up those courses with this one .
This is a proper university course and is designed not only for the players , but also for coaches , support staff , literally for all who are associated with the sport .
Auckland University already has a Diploma in Sports and Recreation and to that course the cricket component is an add - on . "
The one - year course will start in July and after the first semester there will be a vacation of three months when the players can play in New Zealand league .
It 's not often Indians get a chance to play in those conditions .
The others can go for coaching education or stadium management .
" In stadium management , the students get an in - depth analysis of how Eden Park Stadium works , " said Eade .
Kiwi legend Sir Richard Hadlee and former Team India coach John Wright have confirmed to be guest - lecturers at the university .
Allrounder Scott Styris , who is the official ambassador for the program , and Martin Guptill are also likely to chip in .
" The players who will come good can continue to play in the New Zealand league .
The competition is much less in New Zealand than in India and any good talent can build his career in cricket there , " Eade said .
FIFTEEN IS NO LONGER the magic number when it comes to performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation ( CPR ) on adults , according to the American Heart Association ( AHA ) , which released the 2005 AHA Guidelines for CPR and Emergency Cardiovascular Care in late November .
To achieve the best compression rate and decrease the frequency of compression interruptions , the AHA 's new guidelines instruct practitioners to adopt a universal compression - ventilation ratio of 30:2 for all one - rescuer or two - rescuer CPR for adults .
Experts believe this new ratio will simplify one - or two - rescuer CPR training for adults , in addition to lay rescuer resuscitation .
Practitioners should use the 15:2 compression - ventilation ratio for two - rescuer CPR used for infants and pre-pubescent children .
With sudden cardiac arrest ( SCA ) killing approximately 250,000 people outside of the hospital each year , the AHA saw fit to refine the guidelines through the most comprehensive investigation of CPR practices to date .
Researchers found that in some cases , those administering CPR did n't deliver the correct number or depth of chest compressions , administered too much ventilation ( usually to intubated victims ) , and frequently interrupted compressions .
This reduced cardiac output , coronary and cerebral blood flow , and the prospect for successful resuscitation .
Consequently , the authors of the guideline changed the recommendation from a compression - ventilation ratio of 15:2 to 30:2 for adults until an advanced airway is in place , and 15:2 for two - rescuer CPR administered to infants or children .
CPR or AED ?
According to the AHA , the survival rate of 6 % or less for those who experience out - of - hospital cardiac arrest causes a difficulty in creating clinical trials that can demonstrate long - term outcomes .
When a victim experiences ventricular fibrillation ( VF ) SCA , should practitioners administer CPR first , or should they use an automatic external defibrillator ( AED ) ?
According to the new guideline , for some patients , pump first and shock later .
EMS rescuers may perform CPR for about 2 minutes before using the AED for treating out - of - hospital VF or pulseless ventricular tachycardia ( VT ) , when EMS responders did n't personally witness the arrest or when the call - to - arrival time is greater than 4 to 5 minutes .
New for 2006 is a recommendation for rescuers to resume CPR ( starting with chest compressions ) right after delivering a single shock .
Rescuers should perform uninterrupted compressions ( without stopping to check circulation ) until about 2 minutes of CPR is complete .
This new one - shock strategy brings with it the challenge of defining the optimal amount of energy needed for that first shock in adults .
Experts state that an initial shock of 150 to 200 joules is appropriate with a biphasic truncated exponential waveform , and a 120 joules initial shock is approved with a rectilinear biphasic waveform .
For EMS responders and other providers still using monophasic defibrillators , experts recommend a 360 joules shock for the initial and subsequent shocks .
Those responding to child victims should take care to use an initial dose of 2 joules / kg , and 2 to 4 joules / kg for subsequent monophasic or biphasic shocks .
After the shock
The guideline 's researchers found no evidence that routine administration of antiarrhythmic drugs at the time of cardiac arrest improved chances of survival .
Consequently , the new guidelines instruct rescuers to resume CPR ( beginning with compressions ) immediately after a shock , without stopping to check rhythms .
Practitioners can administer antiarrhythmias or vasopressors during CPR or right after a rhythm check .
Rescuers should n't stop chest compressions to check rhythm after administering a shock until they 've performed about 2 minutes of CPR .
The bottom line of the 2005 AHA Guidelines for CPR and ECC : Push fast and hard , minimize chest compression interruptions , allow full - chest recoil , and defibrillate promptly when it 's appropriate .
Source : Reprinted from
For new CPR guidelines , think 30 , Nursing2006 Critical Care , NT Taylor , January 2006 .
SELECTED REFERENCE
BURBANK , CA — Executives at ABC announced Monday that the network will premier a new Lost spin - off series this fall based around that show 's popular smoke monster character .
The smoke monster , a fan favorite .
Advertisement
The new series , a half - hour family - oriented comedy called Where There 's Smoke , is touted by ABC as the new anchor of its Thursday - night lineup .
" Somewhere between the smoke monster 's first appearance on Lost — when it was depicted as a strange unseen force uprooting trees — and that episode in season three where it grabbed Mr. Eko and smashed him against the ground until he was dead , this character became the breakout star of the show , " said Stephen McPherson , president of ABC Entertainment .
" And that 's exactly why we 're so excited about Where There 's Smoke .
We get to see the monster 's light comedic side in a show about life , love , and good friends having good times . "
Advertisement
" Because after all , Where There 's Smoke , there 's laughter , " McPherson added .
Lea Thompson ( < i> Caroline In The City </i > ) costars with the ominous cloud ( < i > Lost < /i > ) in its new ABC sitcom this fall .
Advertisement
ABC sources reported that the series will transplant the evil black cloud from the island of Lost to the suburbs of Chicago , where it works as a sports radio host , surrounded by " a whole new group of crazy characters . "
Actress Lea Thompson has signed on to play the monster 's long - suffering wife , who must put up with her husband 's screwball antics while raising the couple 's two rambunctious children , Tanner and Smoky , Jr .
Veteran TV producer Chuck Lorre , of Dharma & Greg and The Big Bang
Theory fame , will helm the show , which he said will focus mainly on the deadly creature 's adjustments to suburbia and fatherhood , and its comically contentious relationship with its boss , a fussy radio station manager played by Richard Kind .
Advertisement
" The whole concept began with us asking , ' So what happens to the monster after it kills somebody and disappears down that ancient temple vent ?
What kind of life might it have ? ' "
Lorre said .
" And what we realized is that audiences really relate to this character and would like to see it in everyday situations , shooting the breeze with buddies at a local watering hole or murdering its son's soccer coach and depositing his lifeless body in a tree . "
" And of course , you 'll be hearing lots of its classic catchphrase , ' Brrrrr , chk - chk - chk - chk , muuuuuuuuuuuuaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrhhh , ' " Lorre added .
Advertisement
Lost producer Jack Bender has confirmed that the smoke monster will no longer be part of his show 's regular cast .
However , ABC has promised that Where There 's Smoke will feature a number of guest appearances from Lost regulars .
Sources said the pilot episode will feature an appearance by actor Michael Emerson as a slobby houseguest named Benjamin Linus who overstays his welcome , much to the chagrin of the smoke monster 's wife .
Though the project has been in development for almost a year , negotiations reached a standstill last winter when representatives for the mysterious , billowing actor expressed concern that their client would risk being typecast as " just a smoke monster " if the role were carried into a new series .
Advertisement
" We 're always sensitive to these kinds of things , but we actually think this new vehicle will make people realize [ the monster ] is a sophisticated actor with a great deal of range , " said McPherson , who agreed to pay the show 's star $ 2 million per episode after scenes between the smoke monster and a nosy , ethnic next - door neighbor tested well with audiences .
" People love the smoke monster , and people love to laugh .
This series is a can 't - miss . "
Added McPherson , " And I 'm not just blowing smoke here . "
Google CEO Eric Schmidt has confirmed that his company is developing a tablet device based on the Android operating system , according to friends that spoke to the executive at a recent event in Los Angeles .
The New York Times reports that Google has “ been working with several hardware manufacturers , ” and “ hopes to make its own apps marketplace available for new slate - like devices . ”
Although Google is yet to publicly announce such a device , many signs point to its likely launch .
For starters , Google has been rumored to be developing a slate device with HTC – the same company it brought Nexus One to market with – since January .
Moreover , the company has already announced plans for an e-book store expected to launch within the next few months .
It ’s also clear that Google has plans for Android that go way beyond phones .
There ’s already an Android - powered car on the way , as well as plans for what 's being called “ Google TV . ”
While Chrome OS for netbooks is also expected by year - end ( and there are rumored Chrome tablets too ) , an Android tablet now seems imminent .
A move into tablet devices would also further Google 's growing competition with Apple , who just released the iPad .
Many other companies are also expected to join the tablet race this year , and just last week , it was reported that Nokia was developing its own device .
Are you excited about the prospects of a Google tablet ?
Let us know in the comments .
For more technology coverage , follow Mashable Tech on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
[ img credit : gizmodo ]
As reported today , it appears that a Mass Effect movie is on the way from Legendary Features .
Production is in its earliest stages , so no release date or casting details are announced .
That wo n't stop us from picking our favorites for the film , however .
Take a look below for who we'd like to see fill out the cast .
Male Shepard - Sam Worthington ( Avatar , Terminator : Salvation )
While male Shepard 's appearance is a dead - ringer for the real - life model they used as a reference , a role this big would need to go to an actual actor .
Lost 's Matthew
Fox may look a bit more like him , but we think Sam Worthington would be the best choice for the starring role .
Female Shepard - Annie Wersching ( 24 )
Annie played federal agent Renee Walker in seasons 7 and 8 of 24 , so she clearly has experience with pointing guns at things and questioning terrorists .
Put a space rifle in her hands , switch aliens out for terrorists , and you 've got a dead - on female Shepard .
Garrus Vakarian - Kiefer Sutherland ( 24 )
Sticking with the 24 casting , Kiefer would be a great choice for the take - no - prisoners *** Garrus .
However , we do n't know if Garrus has quite the heroic alcohol tolerance that Mr. Sutherland has demonstrated throughout his career .
Miranda Lawson - Yvonne Strahovski ( Chuck )
In some cases , the best pick is the very same actor / actress that Bioware chose for the character in the first place .
Yvonne does n't have a storied career yet , but her time modeling for and voicing Miranda make her the obvious choice .
Mordin Solus - David Hyde Pierce ( Frasier )
Liara T'Soni - Evan Rachel Wood ( The Wrestler )
Ashley Williams - Angelina Jolie ( Wanted , Tomb Raider , Mr. & Mrs. Smith )
Thane Krios - That Dude Who Played Abe Sapien ( Hellboy II )
Kaidan Alenko - Eric Bana ( Munich , Hulk )
Just like no one cared about Ang Lee's Hulk , no one cared about Kaidan ( since everyone was trying to sleep with Ashley ) .
Jack - Natalie Portman ( V For Vendetta , Star Wars )
The Illusive Man - Bruce Greenwood ( Star Trek , John From Cincinatti )
While Martin Sheen did a great job voicing The Illusive Man , he 's definitely getting up in years .
We 'd rather see character actor Bruce Greenwood fill the role .
Joker - Triple H ( WWE , Blade : Trinity )
We can think of no one better for the wisecracking Joker than thirteen - time World Champion Triple H of WWE fame ( seen here with an unidentified youngster ) .
Tali 'Zorah vas Neema - Famke Janssen ( Goldeneye , X - Men , Nip / Tuck )
You would n't see her face , but Famke has Tali 's body as well as experience playing a Russian - accented soldier in 1995 's Goldeneye .
Zaeed Massani - Gerard Butler ( 300 , Gamer )
Gerard has the look and the accent to make him perfect for Mass Effect 's veteran bounty hunter .
Samara - Sarah Clarke ( 24 )
Jacob Taylor - Kanye West
Wrex / Grunt - Worf
Simone de Beauvoir wrote one of the most influential feminist works of all time .
But let 's talk about what 's really important : was she hot ?
Advertisement
Apropos of a new translation of The Second Sex , Stephen Heyman of the Times T Magazine marshals evidence on both sides .
Hot
— wore nice slippers and jackets that " would not be out of place in an Anthropologie catalog "
— at 68 , still " had creamy skin and bright blue eyes "
— this photo
Advertisement
Not
— " used to tramp through the hills around Marseilles wearing espadrilles and old , tattered clothing "
— also sometimes wore a dumpy overcoat or unfashionable turban
— once described as looking " bleakly emancipated "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Heyman sidesteps the question of whether a male intellectual would be subject to such a hot - or - not assessment by quoting Beauvoir biographer Hazel Rowley : " Of course , there is no nude photo of Sartre .
And if there were , he would n't have looked very good . "
But mocking Sartre 's appearance , while easy , does n't really add to the debate over Beauvoir 's — the analysis of the female body remains in a different political category than the analysis of the male .
It 's a category that , as Rowley says , Beauvoir knew well :
She is the woman writer who has written most honestly about the horror of aging and what it means to look into the mirror when you 're over 50 and no longer identify with your face .
Reading about that is poignant and excruciatingly honest .
Advertisement
Writing on Slate , Katie Roiphe argues that Beauvoir 's great strength was actually in de-politicizing this conversation — or rather , in framing it in terms that were human and bodily , not just ideological .
She quotes Beauvoir 's response to criticisms of her open relationship with Sartre : " I 'm sorry to disappoint all the feminists , but you can say that it 's too bad so many of them live only in theory instead of in real life . "
And she winds up her analysis of Beauvoir thus :
Certainly , The Second Sex is interesting from a historical point of view , but much of it is still lively , still apropos : Read her description of schoolgirls and see how much of it applies to our blue - jeaned teenagers slouching over their iPhones , or how much of her writing on love applies to their mothers .
One hopes that college students will reach for this new old book instead of the next trendy hackish hardcover masquerading as feminist scholarship , so that we can bring back a little of that brilliant confusion : the naked woman in the bathroom and the serious intellectual .
Advertisement
Beauvoir 's writing about sex could be both hot and honest , and it 's worthwhile to explore fleshly realities as well as political ideals .
And of course , it 's not surprising that the Times style magazine would choose to focus on Beauvoir 's appearance — or that Roiphe , who has long had a vexed relationship with contemporary feminism , would dismiss much of its scholarship as " hackish . "
But just as it can be exciting to live in both the body and the mind , it can be freeing to live in just one or the other — and it would be nice if we could evaluate Beauvoir the intellectual without also talking about her naked ass .
Advertisement
Being And Frumpiness [ NYT T Blog ]
The Best Feminist Book You 've Never Read [ Slate ]
Until recently , I 've been a fan of the PostgreSQL database , but Mysql 's database replication implementation is very slick .
Not to disparage my favorite RDBMS too much , but PostgreSQL 's replication mechanisms all seemed sort of kludgey .
I 'm not interested in creating update / delete triggers on all of my tables , for example .
Mysql 's mechanism is completely transparent to the client , and does n't need any table definition changes ; it 's all done on the server (s ) .
When I refer to “ database replication , ” I 'm not referring to a bulk file transfer .
Nor am I referring to proxy mechanism that sends update / delete statements to multiple database servers .
I 'm referring to the ability to have a database update against one server reflected on multiple other servers without any additional intervention from the client .
All this in what I would call “ near real - time . ”
There is necessarily some propagation delay .
By implementing replication , ( and in fact , migrating my entire application to Mysql to take advantage of it ) I am trying to mitigate two potential threats against my application , and thus my business : a complete server or service failure , and degraded performance during routine backup cycles .
In the event that my main database server dies , I can simply point my applications to the other replicated server and continue to do business .
In my case , I simply have to move a DNS pointer to accomplish this task .
On the other hand , I currently do database dumps late at night because of the load it places on my server .
With replication , I can perform my daily backups during prime - time , on a local read - only server .
My main servers need never know that they 've been backed up .
So before we talk about how to design and implement Mysql replication , let 's talk briefly about how it works .
Essentially , Mysql uses a Master - slave model where the master keeps a log of all of the database updates that it has performed .
Then , one or more slaves connect to the master , read each log entry , and perform the indicated update .
The master server keeps track of housekeeping issues such as log rotation and access control .
Each slave server has to maintain an idea of it's current position within the server 's transaction log .
As new transactions occur on the server , they get logged on the master server and downloaded by each slave .
Once the transaction has been committed by each slave , the slaves update their position in the server 's transaction log and wait for the next transaction .
This is all done asynchronously , which means that the master server does n't have to wait for the slaves to “ catch up . ”
It also means that if a slave is unable to connect to the master for a period of time , it can simply download all of the pending transactions when connectivity is re-established .
So far , I 've found it to be pretty robust .
Even though we 're talking about a master - slave model , we can actually build quite a few different server topologies to fit different needs .
The base case is where we have two servers and simply slave one to the other , which results in a master - slave configuration .
In this case , we could think of the slave server as a hot standby server in case the master fails , or a server on which to run time consuming reports without affecting the master server .
By adding slaves , we can implement a star topology .
If we only have two servers , we can simply configure each to be a slave to the other and we end up with a master - master configuration that works pretty well .
Transactions that occur on one server are reflected on the other and vise versa .
In this case , each server is completely equivalent to the other , so you could use this configuration as a load - balancing mechanism .
Variations on these themes give us the ability to build chains and even rings of replicated database servers , but this may not be as beneficial as you might think .
In a chain topology for example , each server and link , adds to the data propagation time was well as additional points of failure .
So while you can build some truly amazing topologies , in general , you want to keep things as simple as possible .
For my particular case , I chose a master to master configuration with an additional server slaved to one of the masters .
This configuration gave me a hot stand - by with automatic recovery from failure .
I also gained the ability to run backups on my slave , or run my entire business from the slave in the event that the data center housing the other two servers loses connectivity .
This is a lot to ask from such a simple topology .
When I first set out to configure replication on my database servers , I really expected it to be a complex procedure ; it was n't .
My approach was to completely read all of the documentation at the Mysql website , ask a few questions on the Mysql replication mailing list , and begin the work .
It took longer to read the documentation than it did to actually do the configuration , as it should .
The two resources that I found most helpful were at :
dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/5.0/en/replication.html
and
www.howtoforge.com/mysql_database_replication
The first link is a fairly extensive document detailing all of the configuration issues and options .
I recommend you read it completely before finalizing your design .
The second link leads to a document that bills itself as a " copy & paste " HowTo .
Because I 'm more interested in discussing some of the gotcha's , I 'm only going to discuss the configuration process briefly .
Fortunately , all we need to do is modify the [ mysqld ] section of /etc / mysql / my.cnf , issue a couple of SQL commands at the CLI , and restart Mysql .
This is what I added to one of my masters :
#skip - networking bind - address=0.0.0.0 log-bin=mysql-bin server-id=11 innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit=1 sync_binlog=1 auto_increment_offset=2 auto_increment_increment=5 master-host=master2.example.com master-user=slave1 master-password=password1
All of the items above are well documented at the resources mentioned earlier , so I wo n't go into too much detail here .
However , the auto_increment_offset and auto_increment_increment items are kind of interesting .
In a master - master configuration , it is entirely possible that an insert on the same table can occur on both servers .
What happens if one of the fields in that table is an auto_increment field ?
The problem is that we want such a field to have a value that is unique across servers , but we do n't really have a mechanism for the servers to perform this bookkeeping chore .
So , we use a slick work - around ; instead of adding one each time we perform an insert on a table with an auto_increment field , we add a larger number , say 5 , plus an offset .
Each master would then be assigned a unique offset that is less than the increment value .
For example , we could use an increment of 5 and an offset of 1 and 2 for our two masters .
Then when we inserted into an auto_increment field , one of our servers would assign values of 1 , 6 , 11 , 16 , 21 ... while the other server would use the values 2 , 7 , 12 , 17 , 22 ...
Neither server would assign a value that the other one might assign .
In this case , we 'd skip the values 3,4,5,8,9,10 , etc. , but we'd be guaranteed that each of our values would be unique .
If we then added additional master servers , we could assign them different offsets , as long as we had less than 5 servers .
The resources mentioned earlier detail the rest of the required steps , so I 'll just list the steps briefly .
The next step in setting up our replication is to grant permission to the slaves to connect to the master in order to download the transaction log .
Then we have to find out where the current position is in the transaction log on the master and inform each slave what this position is so that they can pick up at the current transaction .
Then we restart Mysql , and to be safe , I restarted ALL of my servers , and that was all I had to do .
It took me less than 30 minutes to get it done .
Once you have replication working , there are a few things you need to be aware of .
The biggest issue is how to get data into your newly - replicated database .
Obviously , it is MUCH easier to start with an empty database and just start adding data .
Unfortunately , my databases already had data in them .
There were procedures on the websites that detailed a couple of methods , depending on how much down - time you can afford .
I simply dumped and dropped all of my databases , configured the replication , and restored the data on one of the masters .
This worked for me , but there are better methods .
As I said earlier , PostgreSQL is my favorite RDBMS , but replication is a very compelling reason to migrate to Mysql .
I 've found replication to be very easy to configure and so far , it 's been very stable .
Rep Steve King ( R - Iowa ) told Family Research Council ’s Tony Perkins that the Employment Non-Discrimination
Act would allow gays to harass employers .
The Republican congressman argued that the Act is not necessary if gays and transvestites would just appear straight .
At the Iowa Independent , Jason Hancock notes , King “ told a story about his days in the Iowa Senate , when gay activists came to lobby a fellow Republican lawmaker , state Sen.
Jerry Behn of Boone , for protected status for sexual orientation and gender identity . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
He said , Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ Let me ask you a question .
Am I heterosexual or homosexual ?
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â
And they looked him up and down Ã¢â‚¬â€ and actually they should have known Ã¢â‚¬â€  but they said Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ We do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t know .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â And he said Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Exactly my point .
If you do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t project it , if you do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t advertise it , how would anyone know to discriminate against you ?
Ã¢â‚ ¬Â And that Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s at the basis of this .
If people wear their sexuality on their sleeve , then they want to bring litigation against someone that they would point their finger at and say Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ you discriminate , Ã¢â‚ ¬
Â  it is an entrapment that is legalized by the ENDA
Act , it appears to , and its a violation of the individual rights of employers to , at their own discretion , decide who they want to hire and who they want to fire .
We do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t need more federal mandates .
And we surely donÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t need a political statement , and that Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢s what this is , too .
This is the homosexual activist lobby taking it out on the rest of society .
They are demanding affirmation for their lifestyle .
ThatÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s at the bottom of this .
“ The LGBT blog ‘ Good As You ’ took exception to KingÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s portrayal of ENDA , ” Hancock noted .
The LGBT blog blasted King as “ a man who seems to get more homo - hostile with every passing year ( and bill ) . ”
If these folks are going to keep holding such offensive outlooks in regards to a rich , vibrant , sizable portion of normalcy ’s spectrum , then it ’s way past time that we start calling out their agenda for exactly what it is .
In print , on the web , on TV , to their faces , on the floor of Congress .
A staunch , principled message delivered directly to the eye : “ Your work is harming the good of the world , and it ’s time you stop it RIGHT NOW !
Go find all of the other reasons you can and will to deny LGBT people from working in your offices — we know you will anyway .
But stop foisting your “ culture war ” views on those of us who never signed up for such a senseless fight ! ”
At Huffington Post , Alvin McEwan argues , “ Closets are for clothes , not for people . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
What he , Perkins , and some others want to forget ( and subsequently wants everyone else to forget ) is that our lgbt identities encompass more than sex acts .
We have lives , relationships , and families ; none of which we should have to hide to suit the mindsets of ignorant folks who think that homosexuality is encompassed by a mere sex act that one takes care of in a secluded place between going to the grocery store and picking up the laundry .
The lgbt community has evolved beyond that nonsense .
And if an lgbt wants to put a picture of his / her partner or his family on his / her desk , there should be no fear of reprisal .
If an lgbt wants to talk about his / her partner , there should be no fear of reprisal .
No lgbt should have to worry about reprisal for doing the same thing that many heterosexuals do on the job .
You see that ’s what it ’s about – the ability to be open about our lives and our families without fear , just like everybody else .
What King is saying is that lgbts should place ourselves in a psychological closet so as not to interfere with the worldview that he and others have about such things as family .
Transcript of interview follows :
PERKINS : Congressman King , let ’s step back a moment for those that may be listening for the first time or heard about ENDA .
It ’s actually called the Employment Non-Discrimination Act .
I do n’t use that title .
Because usually the titles here in Washington , DC — if it says one thing it actually means another .
They ’re very deceptive in their labeling of these bills .
What this would do — and I want you to explain this further to our listeners — is that this would set up under the Equal Employment Commission , the EOC , the ability to impose this prohibition against not hiring someone , as you mentioned , based upon their sexual orientation or perceived sexual orientation .
So under this bill , theoretically someone could come in and dress one day as a woman or a man , the next day of the job they come in the opposite sex and an employer would be helpless to do anything about it .
But what ’s really onerous about this is that there is limited exemptions — no exemptions actually — for Christian businesses .
There is limited exemptions for Christian ministries .
Some are fearful that this could be used as a tool of harassment against conservative businesses .
KING : Well ,
Tony , I can imagine someone coming in and interviewing one day in a man ’s clothes and come back the next day and apply for a job in a woman ’s clothes and then setting up a lawsuit in a sting operation that could harass especially a religious organization but anybody .
Anybody that ’s operating in a responsible fashion and , you know , I just go back to this incident that took place when I was in the Iowa Senate .
Gay activists who would come and lobby about once a year and out Senator Jerry Behn .
He sat next to me for years and he had four or five of the students at the University of Iowa lobbying him to provide special protective status for sexual orientation & gender identity , the Iowa [ inaudible ]
Act they were trying to pass .
He said , “ Let me ask you a question .
He said , am I heterosexual or am I homosexual ? ”
And they looked him up and down and actually they should have known but they said , “ We do n’t know . ”
And he said , “ Exactly my point . ”
If you do n’t project it , if you do n’t advertise it how would anyone know to discriminate against you .
And that ’s the basis of this .
If people wear their sexuality on their sleeve and then they want to bring litigation against someone that they would point their finger at and say , “ You discriminate . ”
It is an entrapment that is legalized by the ENDA Act — appears to .
And it ’s a violation of the individual rights of employers to , at their own discretion , decide who they want to hire and who they want to fire .
We do not need more federal mandates and we surely do n’t need a political statement and that ’s what this is too .
This is the homosexual activist lobby taking it out on the rest of society and they are demanding affirmation for their lifestyle and that ’s at the bottom of this .
This audio is from Family Research Council , uploaded May 11 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download MP3 audio file
Only a few hours left to Double your gift
There are n’t many psychologists in Congress ( though many members could probably use one ) , so Rep. Brian Baird ( D ) brings a unique perspective .
He has a PhD in clinical psychology and published two books in the field before coming to D.C. to deal with dysfunctions of a different sort .
He has represented Washington ’s 3rd congressional district for 12 years , but after this year , he ’s calling it quits and heading back home .
Before he retires , he hopes to help his colleagues understand the critical role that human behavior can play in reducing energy use .
To change the way Americans use energy , he argues , we need to better understand how they make decisions .
Hint :
It ’s not just about money .
I chatted with Baird about energy use and behavioral psychology last week .
Q. Last year you introduced a bill , HR 3247 , that would create a program at the Department of Energy to study the application of behavioral sciences to energy policy .
What happened to it ?
A. Colleagues on the other side of the aisle began to speculate that it was a secret plot for mind control of the American people .
[ Rep . ]
Dana Rohrabacher [ R - Calif . ] went on Glenn Beck and misrepresented the bill .
He said it contains words like “ behavior modification . ”
It does not — you ca n’t find it in the bill .
On one hand , the argument was , why do we need to do social science research at all ?
Everybody knows it ’s just a matter of economics .
Everybody acts rationally .
Social science can’t teach us anything new .
The same people then said , “ This sounds like mind control ! ”
On one hand it does n’t have anything to offer , and on the other hand it ’s so powerful we can control people ’s minds .
A [ Northwest Energy Efficiency Taskforce ] report [ PDF ] recommended precisely what this bill would have done , which is place much greater attention on behavioral and social factors in our analysis of how we could conserve energy .
Anybody who ’s followed recent economic theory , or Dan Kahneman ‘s Nobel Prize in economics , knows that people are in fact not rational , and understanding those irrationalities helps us craft both our economic and our energy policies .
But that seemed to be lost on our colleagues .
Q. What ultimately happened to the bill ?
A. [ The House Science and Technology Committee ] actually passed it , but it has not been brought to the floor .
The hope is that if we actually have an energy bill , some of these issues might be incorporated in that rather than as a freestanding bill .
Whether or not the bill makes it to the floor , people in the Department of Energy understand the importance of this and are already beginning to incorporate it .
[ Energy Secretary ]
Steven
Chu testified before our committee [ on March 3 ] on budget issues and acknowledged the importance of social science .
I just spoke today [ March 10 ] , literally an hour ago , at a hearing with the EPA ; we asked them about behavioral science in their activities .
Understanding how we can promote behavioral change in a constructive way is actually part of what government is about .
These folks who get all nervous about government behavioral control … a speed limit sign is a form of behavioral control , you know ?
Q . What do you tell constituents who say this sounds like the government trying to figure out how to manipulate and control them ?
A. I say to them , thank you for sending us your address .
Now we know how to locate you .
[ laughs ]
No , we just try to reassure people .
This is not government mind control .
This is understanding how human beings interact with technologies , to help them save money .
How do we give them information in a way that ’s most useful for them ?
I ’ll give you an example .
My gas bill gives me the year ’s energy consumption , from February of last year to January of this year .
But not January of last year — what I used in the comparable month .
I ca n’t tell whether I ’m doing better or worse !
Opower has taken [ behavioral psychologist ]
Robert Cialdini‘s work and made a business model out of this ; they give people meaningful information as part of their energy bill .
They ’ve shown a 3 percent reduction in energy consumption , just by telling people how their energy consumption compares to other people in similar houses .
Science offers ways of figuring out how to help people understand and adapt to new technologies .
The example I used in our hearing , which largely fell on deaf ears on the other side , is : nobody designs a fighter plane or a spaceship or a nuclear power plant without human factors engineering .
You ca n’t build a fighter plane without putting people in mockups to see whether they can read the dials , whether alerts make sense , whether the radar information is understandable .
That ’s social - behavioral research in the applied realm .
These are little , simple things about how to interact with technology .
Should adjustable thermostats be pre-programmed at the store so people do n’t have to worry about it ?
It ’s not always clear on the water heater how you set the temperature .
People say , ha ha , it ’s obvious .
Well , if it ’s so obvious , and people can save money , and people are motivated by the desire to save money , why do n’t they do it ?
The argument that it ’s all economics just fails repeatedly , but people continue to make it .
Q. What ’s the potential for [ behavioral science work in energy policy ] ?
Is it a marginal contributor or something bigger ?
A. I ’ll state it bluntly :
The big debate in Copenhagen is whether we do a 17 percent reduction [ in greenhouse - gas emissions ] by 2020 , but the evidence is clear that with relatively simple changes in our actions , we could reduce our energy consumption by 20 percent in 20 weeks .
Here ’s how I would do it : get national leaders , clergy members , political leaders from both parties , Nobel Prize - winning scientists , economists , throw in some pop stars if you want , together and say , “ Look , the quickest way to reduce our dependence on foreign oil , to save consumers money , lower the deficit , and improve the environment is to begin to save energy .
Here ’s how we ’re going to help you do that .
Every week , we ’re going to have one simple , easily accomplished task .
On Monday , we ’re going to turn the temperature down on our water heaters slightly .
Monday next week , we ’re going to vacuum the cooling vents on our refrigerator .
It takes about five minutes . ”
It does n’t make a massive difference , but it makes a substantial difference , and nationwide , it will add up .
It would be the single quickest economic stimulus we could do for the entire country .
If we saved just 10 percent in automobile use , which you could easily achieve by slight changes in driving behavior ( tire inflation , obeying the speed limit ) , that ’s $ 50 billion back in people ’s pockets .
Or you could double that by carpooling once a week ; then you ’ve got $ 100 billion .
By the way , most of the changes I ’m talking about do not require you to spend any money .
You do n’t have to go out and buy CFLs , although that might be a bright idea ( pardon the pun ) .
You can do this just by behavioral change .
I always talk up the example of taking a military shower .
Most Americans take showers that are too long , too hot , and under too much water pressure .
Take a military shower and you ’ll use no more than 30 percent what you did on a normal shower .
That ’s a 70 percent savings , and no real sacrifice .
Q . How do you address the common impression that behavioral change is code for sacrifice ?
Carpooling seems like a hassle .
Shorter showers seem like a hassle .
A. People say , “ I like long , hot showers . ” I understand that .
Do you like passing $ 1.3 trillion in debt on to your kids ?
Do you like having them possibly enlisted in wars to go fight for foreign oil ?
Do you like the plausibility that by the end of the century , most coral reefs could be dissolving ?
Not engaging behavior change is also a sacrifice — it ’s a sacrifice of our children .
We are sacrificing the economy because we ’re racking up deficits , partly because we spend so much on energy .
We ’re sacrificing the environment through ocean acidification and lethal overheating of the planet .
So the choice for me is , make relatively small and not particularly sacrificial behavioral changes or pass crippling financial debt and environmental damage on to my children .
That should not be a difficult choice .
Q. Do n’t you also need to change public policy and utility regulations ?
A . Here ’s the problem .
I ’ve been in Congress 12 years .
I said to people several years ago , you are not going to see a cap - and - trade system pass the United States Congress .
If you accept that you ’re not going to get it , but you still have a problem you have to resolve , try other ways of solving it .
Q . There ’s public policy outside of cap - and - trade , though .
A . One of the challenges is , too often we look at the legislative solution .
Legislation is one element of a much broader effort to try to address this issue .
That effort includes meeting with energy companies , talking with the administration , talking with people like yourself to try to figure out how best we can communicate this message .
If you have alternatives that do n’t require an act of Congress , why not start there ?
Admittedly , we have a much more self - serving generation alive today than the one that responded to the Great Depression and World War II , but at the same time , I think people are willing to make sacrifices for the good of the country .
Most people want to do the right thing .
We just have to help communicate what the right thing is , and then also point out that in most cases , it ’s in their self - interest to do it .
Q . You were part of some health - care town halls that turned contentious over the summer .
And then you introduced a fairly modest bill that provoked crazy conspiracy theories .
Is the sheer irrationalism of public life these days part of the reason you ’re retiring ?
A. No .
But it makes the task of crafting responsible policy much , much more difficult .
When people are so susceptible to arguments designed to inflame emotion , when politicians and interest groups are so eager to pander to that susceptibility , when politicians are afraid to take stands that confront irrationality and instead pander to it or practice it themselves , it makes it very difficult .
Just two hours ago in a hearing with the EPA and NOAA , some of our Republican colleagues in the Science Committee argued that there ’s no consensus whatsoever about climate change !
For three or four years , I ’ve been urging everyone in the global climate debate to quit just talking about climate and start talking about ocean acidification .
It ’s more irrefutable and ultimately as dangerous as temperature increase .
You can demonstrate it on a lab bench .
You can speak to sport fishermen and explain that salmonids eat terapods .
Terapods perish in acidic water .
The water is getting more acidic .
Wanna fish ?
You have to stop ocean acidification .
But everybody ’s been focused on global warming , which is a bad choice of phrase anyway .
It ’s really global overheating .
Warming is a nice thing .
Overheating is a bad thing .
Acid is a bad thing .
People get that .
So our messaging has been bad , our strategy has been bad , and our economic arguments have largely been ineffective .
One wonders why we have n’t been winning on this .
Q. Other than that , though , things are going pretty well .
A . The only saving grace is programs like ARPA - E may actually produce that game - changing technology that gets us out of this in spite of our worst intentions .
Q . You still have to know something about people and how they ’ll adopt that new technology .
A . In the hearing , one of our colleagues suggested using existing natural gas lines going into people ’s houses as refueling stops for natural gas - powered cars .
Clever idea .
But here ’s a problem : we do n’t think we ’re going to blow up when we fill the gas tank .
If people are n’t confident they can use the technology safely , then forget about it .
The first guy who leaves his gas line on inadvertently and the whole neighborhood blows up , there goes your transformative technology .
If you do n’t take into account the behavioral aspects of that …
That ’s true of most everything we ’re trying to do .
Forty percent of the nation ’s energy is used in buildings : lighting , heating , air - conditioning .
But one of the greatest determinants of how much energy a building uses is operator characteristics , as much as building design .
That ’s a behavioral question .
You could build the greenest building in the world — if people leave the windows open and turn the heat up too high , you ’re going to have high energy use .
Read more interviews with members of Congress :
Medicare Claims Submission for MMSEA111 Reporting
Has missing Medicare beneficiary data become a nightmare for you ?
In light of the Coordination of Benefits Contractor ( COBC ) mandated reporting requirements , has the “ missing data ” problem just become a lot worse ?
Transperien has a solution
The Government implemented MSP ( Medicare Secondary Payer ) program shifts costs from Medicare to private sources of payment .
COBC ’s function
The COBC is responsible for the performance of activities that support the collection , management , and reporting of other insurance coverage for Medicare beneficiaries .
Its duties focus on activities to ensure that Medicare makes proper payments by identifying the correct payer before payments are made .
It is primarily an information - gathering entity .
The COBC does not process any claims , nor does it handle any mistaken payment recoveries or claim - specific inquiries .
The COBC has responsibility for establishing individual beneficiary MSP records on the Common Working File ( CWF ) , the official source of beneficiary information for Medicare .
The Government implemented MSP ( Medicare Secondary Payer ) program shifts costs from Medicare to private sources of payment
• Before 2009 , * Medicare was the “ primary payer ” — that is , it pays health claims first , and if a beneficiary has other insurance , that insurance may fill in all or some of Medicare ’s gaps .
• Since mid-2009 , **Medicare becomes the secondary payer .
The Primary Payer responsibility now falls on :
1 ) a group health plan based on either their own or a spouse ’s current employment ;
2 ) auto and other liability insurance ;
3 ) no - fault liability insurance ; and
4 ) workers ’ compensation situations , including the Black Lung program .
* Medicare is the nation ’s health insurance program for qualifying individuals who are 65 and older , disabled , and those with End Stage Renal Disease ( ESRD ) .
** Special circumstantial rules decide on Medicare becoming the secondary payer .
In order to follow the mandatory process are you burdened with the following ?
Manually creating query files
Joining data files
Creating headers and formatting
Manually checking the corrected files from COBC
Manually entering data into your claims systems
Lack of validation and no error code checking
Transperien Solution Features
Standard Features :
Add - on database that can be easily modified as new data requirements are added
Automatic query file generation
Add - on database is kept synchronized with COBC for both query and response files
Eliminates error by internal validation for response files
Forms that allow easy data entry with flags and alerts clearly showing missing fields
Error tracking on response files
Premium Features :
Reporting and Analytics
Automated submission to COBC
Add - on database is kept synchronized with your claims system for response files
Price
Our current Special promotional offer includes a complete installation , data integration and 1 year support .
For details call us at 1-800-445-2973 or email us at info@transperien.com .
Copyright Transperien Systems Inc. 2006 – 2010 www.transperien.com info@transperien.com 1-800-445-2973
At 5 p.m . Monday one of the longest pieces of performance art on record , and certainly the one with the largest audience , comes to an end .
Since her retrospective opened at the Museum of Modern Art on March 14 , the artist Marina Abramovic has been sitting , six days a week , seven hours a day in a plain chair , under bright klieg lights , in MoMA ’s towering atrium .
When she leaves that chair Monday for the last time , she will have clocked 700 hours of sitting .
During that time her routine seldom varied .
Every day she took her place just before the museum doors opened and left it after they closed .
Her wardrobe was consistent : a sort of concert gown with a long train , in one of three colors ( red , blue and white ) .
Always her hair , in a braided plait , was pulled forward over her left shoulder .
Always her skin was an odd pasty white , as if the blood had drained away .
Her pose rarely changed : her body slightly bent forward , she stared silently and intently straight ahead .
Image Marina Abramovic sits opposite a visitor at MoMA. Credit ... Ruth Fremson / The New York Times
There was one variable , a big one : her audience .
Visitors to the museum were invited , first come first served , to sit in a chair facing her and silently return her gaze .
The chair has rarely , if ever , been empty .
Close to 1,400 people have occupied it , some for only a minute or two , a few for an entire day .
Alleged bank robber Conrad Zdzierak is said to have used a $ 650 mask called " The Player " to fool security cameras .
Check out a video of the mask here .
Investigators believe Zdzierak likely removed the mask between the robberies in order to confuse the cops who believed they were looking a black man .
The authorities caught a break when they spotted a Volvo with its interior splattered with red dye from a dye pack slipped into a bag used to hold the stolen money .
Police found Zdzierak hiding in a motel bathroom .
Seven children and two adults hacked to death in latest violence against schools and nurseries
An attacker with a meat cleaver hacked seven infants and two adults to death in north - west China today despite police efforts to stem a wave of school killings that has terrified parents across the country .
A further 11 children were injured in the attack at a nursery in Hanzhong city , Shaanxi province , which took place at 8 am , soon after the start of school .
A resident said most of the children were aged between two and four .
The alleged attacker Wu Huanmin , 38 , killed himself , according to the Xinhua news agency .
One local man , Zheng Xiulan , said the assailant had previous links with the nursery and had been in conflict with its owners .
" Only about two of the children in the kindergarten were not injured , but I do n't know how many died in the end , " Zheng said .
" There was blood everywhere ... I do n't know why he did it . "
Chinese media showed infants being taken to the local hospital 's intensive care unit .
Two are in a critical condition .
Since March there have been at least six attacks on nurseries and schools resulting in 18 murders , two suicides , an execution and more than 40 children being injured by cleavers , knives and hammers .
The cluster of killings shocked the nation and prompted the government to order tighter security at education institutions .
They strike an especially deep chord in a country where most urban families are allowed to have only one child , said Yang Dongping , an expert on education at the Beijing Institute of Technology .
" Of course we 're scared , " said a resident of a village near the latest attack , who gave only her surname , Li .
" We 've all heard about it .
I also have grandchildren , but they 're already at primary school .
Everybody has to wonder why there are people who can do this . "
Hanzhong city had put 2,000 police and security guards on patrol around local schools , an official said .
The motive for the assault remains unclear .
Several previous attacks were carried out by people with diagnosed psychological problems , prompting questions about China 's healthcare system .
The soul searching has spread via the internet , with many netizens expressing anger at the media for spurring copycat killings , while others expressed unease about instability caused by social change .
" This means our society has come to an extremely dangerous edge , " wrote a poster under the name Dahanzhizisun on the Baidu Tieba discussion board .
" Our government must wake up .
It is not enough to take temporary measures like upgrading equipment or arranging police patrols around schools .
If we only pay attention to these shallow causes , we will not solve the original problem and this kind of thing will happen again . "
Others expressed grief that children had also been the victims in recent years of a tainted milk scandal and poorly built schools that collapsed in the Sichuan earthquake .
" We must ask ourselves why these things keep happening , " wrote the blogger Wu Jianzheng .
" Enough is enough .
If we do not improve then Chinese people will die without sons . "
Have you ever wished you had a warm cuddly iPad stand ?
Well , if you ’re a cat owner you just might .
As you know , cats love to snuggle up on the lap of their servants err I mean owners , so why not take advantage of your kitties snuggly nature and use them as a holster for your iPad ?
That ’s what these people did , and it looks like it works really well !
This is pretty funny obviously , and it ’s extra amusing in the context of a recent MacLife article about some interesting homemade iPad stands .
Well , one of our readers found an even more creative homemade iPad stand … a cat .
What about your iPad ?
What about your cat ?
Does your cat like your iPad ?
Does your cat like to be an iPad stand ?
You ’ll have to tell us .
Whether or not people understand the iPad or like ( dislike ) the current case / stand options , these are amusing pictures .
Thanks for the links and images Kara , they ’re hilarious !
Oh and on a more serious note , if you ’re actually looking for iPad stands , apparently the Logitech Alto Express Notebook Stand works great as an iPad stand and it ’s pretty cheap .
Or , you can use some DIY iPad stands that are n’t of the feline variety .
That ’s OK too .
Truly Amazing Examples of Silhouette Photography
Advertisement
Silhouette is defined as a view of an object or scene consisting of the outline with silhouetted object usually being black .
Silhouette photography is way of bring mystery , emotion , mood in a photos .
This is the contrast between the subject and background has to be extensive .
This collection consists of setting sub or a halo of light breathtaking , art of standing portfolio in beautiful background .
Recommended Posts :
Here are 25 stunning examples of Silhouette Photographs .
WASHINGTON
I ’m a Catholic woman who makes a living being adversarial .
We have a pope who has instructed Catholic women not to be adversarial .
It ’s a conundrum .
I ’ve been wondering , given the vitriolic reaction of the New York archbishop to my column defending nuns and the dismissive reaction of the Vatican to my column denouncing the church ’s response to the pedophilia scandal , if they are able to take a woman ’s voice seriously .
Some , like Bill Donohue of the Catholic League , seem to think women are trying to undermine the church because of abortion and women ’s ordination .
I thought they might respond better to a male Dowd .
My brother Kevin is conservative and devout  his hobby is collecting crèches  and has raised three good Catholic sons .
When I asked him to share his thoughts on the scandal , I learned , shockingly , that we agreed on some things .
He wrote the following :
“ In pedophilia , the church has unleashed upon itself a plague that threatens its very future , and yet it remains in a curious state of denial .
The church I grew up in was black and white , no grays .
That ’s why my father , an Irish immigrant , liked it so much .
The chaplain of the Police and Fire departments told me once ‘ Your father was a fierce Catholic , very fierce . ’
My brothers and I were sleepily at his side for the monthly 8 a.m. Holy Name Mass and the guarding of the Eucharist in the middle of the night during the 40 - hour ritual at Easter .
Once during a record snowstorm in 1958 , we were marched single - file to church for Mass only to find out the priests next door could n’t get out of the rectory .
PHILADELPHIA — Blake Wheeler , Miroslav Satan and Mark Recchi scored for Boston in a 4 - 1 win over the Philadelphia Flyers that lifted the Bruins to a commanding 3 - 0 lead in the Eastern Conference semifinal series on Wednesday night .
Patrice Bergeron scored an empty - net goal for the Bruins with 1:52 left .
Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask allowed a quick goal at the start , but finished with 34 saves .
The Bruins can complete the sweep in Game 4 in Philadelphia on Friday night .
Wheeler and Satan scored 94 seconds apart in the first period to wipe out the Flyers ' lead and the Bruins never looked back .
They won the first two games of the series at home — and the Bruins might not play in Boston again until the Eastern Conference finals .
Arron Asham scored for the Flyers .
The Flyers ' first home playoff game since April 20 had an unusual vibe from the start .
There were large patches of empty seats , mostly in the upper deck , and the normally rocking 20,000 - plus was quiet from the opening faceoff .
Perhaps they sensed something .
The Flyers did give their fans a quick jolt , scoring first when Asham flipped the puck under a sliding Rask 's glove only 2:32 in .
It did more than give the Flyers the first lead of the game — it was their first lead of the series .
And their last one of the night .
The Bruins took over from there , even as injuries forced center David Krejci and Adam McQuaid out of the game .
Krejci was leveled on a crushing hit from Flyers captain Mike Richards that actually led to Boston 's go - ahead goal .
The loose puck was corralled by Milan Lucic , who got it to Satan for his fifth goal of the postseason and a 2 - 1 Boston lead .
The Bruins were outshot by a 2 - to - 1 margin most of the game .
The Flyers had plenty of open looks , but they could n't convert any rebounds against Rask .
Rask stopped all 15 shots in the second period , including two Philadelphia chances on the power play .
The Bruins defense did a fantastic job of shot blocking in front .
Unlike the Flyers , Boston was able to convert at least one power - play chance .
Recchi , a former Flyers star , scored his 54th career playoff goal to make it 3 - 1 .
The Bruins never gave the Flyers or their fans a chance to get going in the first period .
The Flyers seemed to overcome their faceoff woes when they won one , only to quickly lose the puck in the corner .
Wheeler deflected the puck off his stick past a startled Brian Boucher to make it 1 - 1 .
Satan followed with a forehand - to - backhand goal that dropped the Flyers into a deep hole .
Philadelphia has never won a series when trailing 3 - 0 ( 0 - 6 ) .
Only two NHL teams have recovered from such a deficit and advanced .
Hard to believe now this is the same Bruins team that lost 10 straight games in one stretch this season .
They did n't clinch a playoff berth until their next - to - last game .
None of that matters now .
Notes
The Flyers are 31 - 31 in Game 3s . …
The Flyers have never won a playoff series when trailing 0 - 2 and returning home to play Games 3 and 4 . …
The Bruins are 16 - 0 when they lead a best - of - seven series 3 - 0 .
The collapse of the Belgian government has thrown into doubt plans to pass a law that would ban Islamic veils in public .
The government , led by the prime minister , Yves Leterme , fell after the centre - right Flemish liberal party Open VLD pulled out of his five - month - old coalition .
Leterme tendered his government 's resignation to King Albert after an emergency cabinet meeting , but the monarch did not immediately decide whether to accept it .
" I doubt that they will debate this law as they have other things on their minds , " said a Belgian official in London .
MPs had been expected to pass a law today that would have made Belgium the first European country to ban the wearing of the burqa , which covers the face and body , or the niqab , which covers the face .
The bill , which has been criticised by human rights campaigners as a violation of the fundamental right to freedom of religion , was approved unanimously by the lower chamber 's home affairs committee last month .
The law would make it a crime to be in a public place with one 's face partially or wholly concealed in a way that would make identification impossible .
Violators would be subject to a fine of € 15 - € 25 ( £ 12 - £ 21 ) with a possible prison sentence of one to seven days .
There are no official statistics on how many women wear face - covering veils , though analysts agree it is a marginal phenomenon among the roughly 400,000 Muslims living in Belgium ( about 4 % of the country 's population ) .
In 2009 , 29 women were stopped by police in eight municipalities in the Brussels region that already ban the full Muslim veil .
A similar move is being considered in France , where President Nicolas Sarkozy has ordered legislation paving the way for a total ban on the full Islamic veil .
Sarkozy is moving ahead on the ban despite the advice of experts who warned that such a broad ban risked contravening France 's constitution .
Sarkozy has repeatedly said that such clothing oppresses women and is " not welcome " in France .
A government spokesman , Luc Chatel , said after yesterday 's weekly cabinet meeting that the president decided the government should submit a bill to parliament in May on an overall ban on burqa - like veils .
" The ban on veils covering the whole face should be general , in every public space , because the dignity of women cannot be put in doubt , " Chatel said .
The decision to seek a full ban , rather than a limited ban , came as a surprise .
After a cabinet meeting a week ago the government spokesman announced a decision for legislation that bans the veil but takes into account conclusions by the council of state , France 's highest administrative office .
The council advised that a full ban would be " legally very fragile " .
A six - month parliamentary inquiry concluded that a full ban would raise constitutional issues , as well as enforcement problems .
Muslim leaders in France say that the face - covering veil is not a religious requirement of Islam but have cautioned against banning the garment .
Of France 's estimated 5 million Muslims , only a tiny minority wear the full veil .
Some critics of the ban have warned that such a move will serve merely to reinforce the alienation of those women from mainstream society .
Human Rights
Watch has strongly criticised planned legislation to ban face - covering veils on human rights and practical grounds .
" Bans like this lead to a lose - lose situation , " said Judith Sunderland , senior western Europe researcher at Human Rights Watch .
" They violate the rights of those who choose to wear the veil and do nothing to help those who are compelled to do so . "
The group argues that there is no evidence that wearing the full veil in public threatens public safety , public order , health , morals , or the fundamental rights and freedoms of others – the only legitimate grounds for interference with fundamental rights , it said .
Rather than help women who are coerced into wearing the veil , a ban would limit , if not eliminate , their ability to seek advice and support .
Without the support of the centre - right Open VLD , the remaining four parties in the Belgian government still had 76 of the 150 seats in the lower house of parliament but the coalition would have found it hard to rule with such a slim majority .
Open VLD said it had lost faith in the government , composed of centre - left and centre - right parties , because it had failed to resolve a dispute between French - and Dutch - speaking parties over electoral boundaries around the capital , Brussels .
“ One of the saddest things is that the only thing a man can do for eight hours a day , day after day , is work . ”
This was William Faulkner talking , 1956 , an interview with Jean Stein for The Paris Review .
He was reminiscing about his early days living in New Orleans and working , he said , as little as possible .
Faulkner was wistful about it .
He ’d have preferred to do other things than paint houses or write during his waking hours .
It was unfortunate , he said , that “ you ca n’t eat eight hours a day . ”
You can ’t ?
I am the restaurant critic of The New York Times .
I eat out six or seven nights a week .
I eat in restaurants for lunch .
I eat in restaurants for breakfast .
In between restaurant meals , I test recipes and eat the results .
You add it all up , the numbers start getting big .
I ’ve had double lunches in a day , double dinners .
I ’ve had days that began with lard - fried doughnuts and ended with torchons of foie gras followed by steak , with double - cooked pork and slick dumplings in chili oil in the middle for lunch .
There were tastings of ham and oysters as snackish reporting stops along the way .
There were failed stews and epic pasta tastings .
There were tasting menus : 3 courses , 8 , 16 .
I ’ve taken wine and beer and coffee with those meals , had my just desserts , stared down glasses of grappa , amaro , Armagnac , whiskey .
And here is , truly , one of the saddest things :
Eating like that is spectacularly unhealthful .
Being a professional eater is complicated , for both the body and the mind .
First , you take in a lot of calories .
Add to that the fact that restaurant food has more fat in it than home - cooked .
It has more salt .
More sugar .
This is why we like restaurants .
And once you begin to eat restaurant food all the time , it ’s all you ever want .
It 's a strange twist of history that one of the many reasons the Playboy brand is sliding into irrelevance is because some girls like it .
Just ask its most die - hard constituency : collectors of Playboy memorabilia .
Advertisement
The Wall Street Journal reports on Playboy 's ever - more - aggressive licensing strategy — which includes a navel ring , " a tanning spray , a disposable lighter , a mattress , a couch and a line of drinks designed to boost the libido " — which has the unintended side effect of alienating the brand 's " base . "
That is , people who devote entire floors of their homes to Playboy merchandise are pissed off because the purity of the brand is being sullied .
But it 's not just the brand 's ubiquity .
It 's also the fact that the Playboy Bunny is increasingly associated with girls ' stuff .
( Somewhere in a storage box is a pair of sheer blue harem pants , encrusted with a rhinestone Playboy Bunny , a gift I somewhat reluctantly received from a spring break tour packager in Jamaica .
The invitation to the Playboy Bunny Fashion Show was declined . )
One of the Journal 's interviewees is rather blunt on this point :
That does n't sit well with John Camacho , a 38 - year - old collector in Michigan .
He has an iron - on image of the cover of the September 1976 issue of the magazine but he says he 's reluctant to put it on a shirt given the growing popularity of Playboy apparel among women .
" Now it 's almost too feminine to wear something like that , " he says .
Advertisement
But one man 's issue with girlish dilution is another 's corporate survival strategy .
I once heard the then - editor of Playboy refer to the " feminization " of the brand .
He was talking about how the magazine and its brand extensions could remain relevant in a world of multiplatform , niche porn on demand .
This move to capitalize on the brand 's appeal to women — a source of feminist handwringing in the last decade — was , in fact , a strategic choice made by Hefner 's daughter Christie , whose stint as CEO ended last year .
From a 2007 BBC article :
Under her watch , more than 40 % of Playboy 's senior executives are female , and the company is making a determined effort to appeal to new female customers through its licensing division [ . ]
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And under new CEO Scott Flanders , the company is even more aggressively pursuing licensing to combat the fact that its currently losing millions of dollars .
Some of the choices are moving even further away from the Hugh Hefner archetype , even if they technically bear his name — for example , a loveseat designed by Mad Men 's Brian Batt , who is known for playing a gay character and is himself gay .
So much for dreaming of a harem of blonde ladies .
At least one critic ( a woman ) has argued that the " death " of the brand went back to the first time the archetypal bunny — previously a symbol of the randy gentleman — was represented in the magazine as a female , way back in 1969 .
But then again , women had been dressing up as bunnies at the Playboy club since 1960 .
Fifty years later , you can buy the costume yourself for the first time .
Advertisement
Does all this mean that the brand has lost its potency in part because its retro transgressiveness has disappeared in a thicket of Girls Next Door and tanning spray — or is it an issue of mass culture catching up to Playboy in the mainstreaming of its bawdy - lite products ?
The loss of Playboy 's power does n't mean a feminist victory ; you do n't have to look hard to find women 's objectification elsewhere .
But it does perversely indicate that the quickest way to ruin some guys ' fun is to include the ladies .
As Playboy Bunny Logo Multiplies , Collectors Are Barely Interested in It [ WSJ ]
Related : Playboy Bunny Outfits On Sale [ NYP ]
The Year Playboy Died [ Design Observatory ]
As I touched on in the first post on this subject , there are a wide variety of ideas about how absolute pitch works .
Why do some people ‘ just have it ’?
If you ’re not born with it , how can you develop it ?
Why do some people hear real differences in a C and a D , and others not ?
In this post I want to discuss some of the ideas around how absolute pitch works , and highlight what I thought was particularly promising in the forum post on absolute pitch training I mentioned before .
Conflicting theories
If you look at training courses for absolute ( or “ perfect ” ) pitch , you ’ll find a lot of conflicting explanations of what makes the ear hear different pitches differently .
Anything from the relative strength of the harmonics , to timbral clues ( like the start and end of notes ) , to an inexplicable ‘ character ’ that you must try to hear through very deep listening .
My educational background is scientific and I ’m a big fan of Occam ’s Razor – so it ’s probably no surprise that I tend to subscribe to the more basic explanation , one grounded in fundamental science :
The ear already distinguishes absolute pitches
but your brain has forgotten it should care !
The simple explanation
In terms of biology , we know the ear distinguishes absolute pitch .
It ’s why you can tell a high - pitched sound from a low - pitched one , regardless of the type of sound or whether you ’ve heard another one recently to compare it with .
Take the simplest case : just about anybody can distinguish between a treble / high sound and a bass / low one .
There might be a fuzzy area in between , but we can safely say that for the two - class case , everybody has absolute pitch .
Of course the more common use of the term is to mean distinguishing between the notes in the ( Western ) diatonic musical scale .
It can also encompass finer degrees , such as telling whether notes are in tune , but the most common usage of “ perfect pitch ” or “ absolute pitch ” is to mean this note identification ability .
In fact this is the same skill as in the bass / treble case – it ’s just more refined .
What makes for a more “ refined ” sense of absolute pitch ?
Is it a matter of biology ?
You might think that some people ’s ears are just physically more capable of telling different pitches apart .
That would certainly seem to agree with the magical “ some people just have it ” argument .
Train Your Brain
In fact , the fundamental pitch - sensing apparatus in the ear is pretty consistent , and always capable of distinguishing pitches to the degree required for identifying notes .
There may be some variation due to age , genetics , and exposure to loud sounds , but this variation almost never compromises the resolution of the ear beyond what absolute pitch requires .
So if the ear is up to the task , then the lack of absolute pitch discrimination must fall in the brain side of things .
As we ’ve discussed previously on the site , the brain can be taught how we want it to classify things , and become very reliable at making these classifications automatically .
So to me , absolute pitch training should be something designed to :
Remind the brain that this information is available to it , from the ear
Make the recognition / reproduction of pitches gradually easier and more reliable
The training methods that appeal to me then are ones which take this approach – no tricks , no strange explanations of how the brain recognises pitch ( except the one basic one that any biology student could tell you ! ) , and no promises that it will be an instant , magical awakening which leaves you with a permanent gift .
Purity of Training Methods
What appealed to me about the forum post was that the experiment being suggested was a very simple one :
‘ Notes ’ of a single frequency
( i.e. a pure tone , not an instrument sound )
This gets away from issues of whether your training is dependent on the particulars of the instrument you ’re using , and is a very solid base to build – if you can reliably recognise the pitch of single frequencies , you should have no trouble with more complex , harmonic sounds .
( i.e. a pure tone , not an instrument sound )
This gets away from issues of whether your training is dependent on the particulars of the instrument you ’re using , and is a very solid base to build – if you can reliably recognise the pitch of single frequencies , you should have no trouble with more complex , harmonic sounds .
Long tones
This avoids issues of the start and end of notes , and gives your ear ( and brain ) a chance to tune into what you ’re hearing – and the fact that you ’re interested in the absolute pitch , not what any other notes are doing in relation to it .
Personally I ’m not sure if really long tones ( i.e. longer than 10 seconds ) are beneficial – but that ’s one of the interesting questions of the experiment .
This avoids issues of the start and end of notes , and gives your ear ( and brain ) a chance to tune into what you ’re hearing – and the fact that you ’re interested in the absolute pitch , not what any other notes are doing in relation to it .
Personally I ’m not sure if really long tones ( i.e. longer than 10 seconds ) are beneficial – but that ’s one of the interesting questions of the experiment .
Gradual introduction of pitches
Starting from a single note ( a reference pitch ) makes a lot of sense as a way to “ bootstrap ” your brain ’s sensitivity to absolute pitch .
And building up from there at your own pace , introducing more notes gradually , seems like a sensible way forward which is likely to work without overwhelming your brain .
I ’ve tried a variety of methods for developing absolute pitch ( and will be posting more in future about my experiences and progress ) but one thing I ’ve had a lot of success with is learning just one or two reference pitches , and starting to build from there .
Exploring New Ideas
I ’m really excited to see people challenging the status quo in ear training , and working to find new , innovative , and personalised ways to train more effectively .
That ’s even better when it ’s done socially , offering up experiences and inviting others to take part or contribute their own ideas .
If you want to start taking charge of your training and help us develop new ways to gain incredible aural skills – come join the discussion !
Previous posts in this series :
1. Absolute Pitch Meditation
2. 21st Century Ear Training
See Also : Surviving Ear Training 101 : The Reference Pitch
During an interview Sunday on ABC television ’s current affairs talk show This Week , Attorney General Eric Holder suggested creating an exception to so - called Miranda rights established in a 1966 Supreme Court ruling that forbids prosecutors from using statements made by suspects before they have been warned that they have a right to remain silent .
“ We ’re now dealing with international terrorists , ” the attorney general told NBC television .
“ And I think that we have to think about perhaps modifying the rules that interrogators have and somehow coming up with something that is flexible and is more consistent with the threat that we now face . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Monday morning , an anti-war organization for survivors of the September 11 , 2001 attacks along with friends and family members of the victims , blasted the proposal .
Donna Marsh OÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢Connor , spokesperson for September 11th Families for Peaceful Tomorrows , issued the following statement :
Last week law enforcement agencies including the FBI and the NYPD successfully aborted an attempt to kill Americans by following the rule of law .
According to Attorney General Holder the suspect Faisal Shazad was apprehended , read his Miranda rights , and began to proffer information vital to US interests , continuing to speak to this day .
There is already room in Miranda for postponing the reading of rights in the interests of public safety and this was , indeed , invoked .
Surprisingly , in the face of this success , Holder now maintains that we should “ revisit ” Miranda laws for those apprehended for alleged terrorist activities .
We urge caution and we invoke reason : we have laws that work to protect our citizens and our security .
We should not proceed down a road that may become a slippery slope towards the curtailment of fundamental due process rights that have served this nation well .
The group ’s website states its goals : “ By developing and advocating nonviolent options and actions in the pursuit of justice , we hope to break the cycles of violence engendered by war and terrorism .
Acknowledging our common experience with all people affected by violence throughout the world , we work to create a safer and more peaceful world for everyone . ”
A core group of 200 family members directly affected by loss on September 11th have joined our group , and thousands of supporters have joined our mailing list .
Our family members live in 31 states and seven foreign countries .
In accordance with our bylaws , our co-directors and steering committee members are also 9/11 family members .
ADVERTISEMENT
In 2006 , the Washington Post ’s Michael Powell reported that , with regards to 9/11 , “ unreasonable questions resonate with the reasonable . ”
Colleen Kelly ’s brother , a salesman , had breakfast at the Windows on the World restaurant on Sept. 11 .
After he died she founded September Eleventh Families for Peaceful Tomorrows to oppose the Iraq war .
She lives in the Bronx and gives a gingerly embrace to the conspiracy crowd .
“ Sometimes I listen to them and I think that ’s sooooo outlandish and bizarre , ” she says .
“ But that day had such disastrous geopolitical consequences .
If David Ray Griffin asks uncomfortable questions and points out painful discrepancies ?
Good for him . ”
( with AFP report )
Ferrari has hit out at sections of the media following reports of ' bad blood ' between its two drivers after Fernando Alonso overtook Felipe Massa as the Brazilian entered the pitlane at the end of Lap 19 .
Frustrated by a drive - through penalty for jumping the start , Alonso overtook his teammate as the two entered the pitlane forcing the Brazilian wide and on to the grass .
" We only saw it ( the incident ) afterwards on the television replay , " said team boss , Stefano Domenicali , " and I think it was just a racing incident .
There is absolutely no problem between the two drivers : when you are always racing to win , you can have moments like this .
" If he was not my team - mate , there would n't be so much talk about it , " added Alonso , " for me it was a normal move and it definitely wo n't compromise our relationship . "
" He managed to get inside me , passing me going into the pit lane , " said Massa .
" I lost some places because of it , as I had to wait for his stop to be finished . "
Despite the Italian team 's assurances that all is well , sections of the media - no doubt recalling how the situation deteriorated at McLaren when the Spaniard was teamed with Leis Hamilton - felt otherwise , suggesting " internal fighting " and " unhappiness " .
Tonight , Ferrari was keen to stamp out the speculation before it gets out of control , especially in the long wait before the next round of the championship in three weeks .
" Some news outlets used some statements by Felipe Massa after the Chinese GP , which were taken out of context , " said the team .
" Obviously someone is trying to create bad blood between the two drivers after Fernando 's overtaking manoeuvre of his teammate at the pit lane entrance on lap 19 .
" Both drivers were very clear after the race : this episode wo n't change anything at all regarding the relationship between the two .
Felipe and Fernando are travelling back to Europe on the same flight , together with the Scuderia 's technicians .
" A spokesperson for Maranello outfit , on the phone from Shanghai , said : " What happened yesterday with Fernando overtaking Felipe was just an episode in a race and I should be treated as such .
Our drivers know how to behave on the track and they have shown it also this time .
Naturally both want to win and they both bring fighting spirit to the races , while respecting a very simple rule : the team 's well - being is of more importance than the individual 's well - being . "
WASHINGTON
The Devil did n’t make me do it .
The facts did .
Father Gabriele Amorth , the chief exorcist for the Holy See , said in Rome that The Times ’s coverage of Pope Benedict , which cast doubt on his rigor in dealing with pedophile priests , was “ prompted by the Devil . ”
“ There is no doubt about it , ” the 85 - year - old priest said , according to the Catholic News Agency .
“ Because he is a marvelous pope and worthy successor to John Paul II , it is clear that the Devil wants to grab hold of him . ”
The exorcist also said that the abuse scandal showed that Satan uses priests to try to destroy the church , “ and so we should not be surprised if priests too ... fall into temptation .
They also live in the world and can fall like men of the world . ”
Actually , falling into temptation is eating cupcakes after you ’ve given them up for Lent .
Rape and molestation of children is far beyond what most of us think of as succumbing to worldly temptation .
The truth about diet soda
No coverage of medicinal herbs
( Natural News )
The " most retarded science journal of the year " award goes to thewhich has published an article suggesting that diet soda is actually an effective type of medicine for preventing kidney stones ( April 19 , 2010 issue ) .
The research was led by Dr Brian H. Eisner , a urologist at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston , who is apparently completely clueless about human nutrition and the toxicity of aspartame .
According to Dr Eisner , diet sodas are not only good medicine for preventing kidney stones ; they 're also a good source of water hydration .
Noting that patients need to consume 2 - 3 liters of water each day , Dr Eisner said in aarticle , " If drinking these sodas helps people reach that goal , then that may be a good thing . " ( http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE64D4HO...
If you 're thinking this is some sort of April Fools joke , it is n't .
Dr Eisner and theare somehow convinced this is good research and that diet sodas may actually have a positive medicinal effect on the human body .
Instances of such " scientific " stupidity appear to be increasing in western medicine where doctors remain wildly ignorant of the effects on the human body caused by processed ingredients or toxic chemical additives . , used as the primary sweetener in diet sodas , is a potentaccording to experts like Dr Russell Blaylock .
Many believe it promotes headaches , vision problems , endocrine system problems and nervous system disorders .
It has never been proven safe for human consumption by any honest testing .
Most diet sodas also contain alarmingly high levels of , a substance that causes a huge increase inthroughout the body , suppressing immune function , weakening bones and contributing to kidney stones ( not preventing them ) .
There is absolutely no question that .
That a mainstream western doctor would somehow conclude diet soda to be a medicine for preventing kidney stones is equivalent to declaring " pizza prevents heart disease " or that smoking cigarettes prevents cancer .
It shows not merely the shocking nutritional ignorance of Dr Eisner himself , but the utter lack of nutritional knowledge among his peers at thewho somehow saw fit to publish his study .
This is called science ?
Keep in mind that the entire claim is based on the idea that certain diet sodas containand that frequent consumption of citrate from natural sources ( lemonade , lime juice , etc. ) is well known to prevent kidney stones .
Consuming natural lemonade actually does prevent kidney stones , but you can't extrapolate from that and claim a lemon - flavored diet soda will accomplish the same thing .
That 's like saying that sincehelps prevent cancer , then drinkingmust prevent cancer , too .
This research , by the way , never even tested diet sodas on human subjects .
It 's really just a " thought experiment " from someone who is n't even very good at thinking .
The entire paper is the scientific equivalent of saying , " Hey , I betcha that thar diet soda might prevent them kidney stones ' cuz there 's citrate in it !
" And thewas just silly enough to actually publish it as science .
It makes you wonder :
What are the requirements for having a scientific paperby the Journal of Urology ?
I bet a paper touting the very real benefits of the Amazon rainforest herbwould be rejected by the journal .
Chanca Piedra is known as the " stonebreaker " herb throughout South America .
It really works to dissolve and eliminate kidney stones , but you 'd never see that in a science journal in North America .
No , they 're too busy touting the " medicinal benefits " of diet soda , if you can believe that .
At this point in the article , I would normally point out how little credibility remains in the world of western medicine and its loony research conclusions .
This is an industry that calls homeopathy " witchcraft " , that thinks medicinal herbs are dangerous , and that now apparently believes diet sodas are a form of medicine .
Any discussion of " credibility " about such an industry is frankly just pointless .
If aspartame and phosphoric acid was somehow good for you , America would be the healthiest nation in the world !
And if diet sodas actually worked , then all the people drinking them would n't be so obese , would they ?
And if diet soda prevents kidney stones , they why are most of the people suffering from kidney stones the very same people who drink a lot of soda ?
If anything , .
But I suppose the Journal of Urology can print exactly the opposite and call it " science " if they want , right ?
That 's exactly why modern " science " has lost so much credibility these days .
Because practically any corporate - sponsored idea , no matter how ridiculous , can end up being printed in a " scientific journal " even if its conclusions violate the laws of the known biological universe .
If diet soda prevents kidney stones , then mammogram radiation prevents cancer , too .
Who are your kids friending on Facebook ?
What are they really texting to their classmates ?
How much online time is too much ?
Too often , parents who are misinformed about the social web ( willfully or otherwise ) will shut their kids out of it completely , only to find they are logging in anyway .
If you 're not taking an active role in your child 's online life , you may be missing important opportunities to ensure they are on the path toward " digital citizenship , " and protected from inappropriate content and people .
To help shrink the tech - culture divide between parents and their kids , we sought advice from the experts , who draw not only from their own research , but their family experiences as well .
Keep reading for some valuable wisdom on raising the first fully digital generation .
Take an Active Role , and Do Your Homework
For kids , social media can no longer be dismissed as a time - waster or distraction .
The networks your kids use to rate their friends and comment on photos will eventually become their core business tools and career prerequisites .
Those who do n't learn to use them responsibly will face a severe disadvantage .
So how do you grant kids the freedom to explore while still keeping an eye on their safety ?
Start by educating yourself .
" Parents ca n't just decide to keep their kids at a distance from all of this .
There 's no way to opt out , " said Melissa Rayworth , a freelance writer who tackles parenting and digital issues for the Associated Press , Babble.com and other media outlets .
" Parents need to learn about the sites and devices their kids want to use , and then set strong boundaries .
If you do n’t know what something is or what it ’s about , dive in and start using it . "
" If [ parents ] engage and have their own experiences on Facebook , Linked In , [ etc. ] , they will better understand the attraction , the possibilities , and the issues that their teenagers face , " said Sue Blaney , author , speaker , and teen parenting blogger at PleaseStopTheRollercoaster.com .
One important step , especially when it comes to younger children , is to set up their social media accounts with them .
" Parents should guide their teens through the privacy settings on Facebook and all other social networks on which they participate , " said Blaney .
" Make no assumptions here .
Instead , invest the time so you can make informed and considered choices about privacy . "
Being a part of the sign - up process from day one will establish you as the gatekeeper of social media , and not a barrier for your kids to inevitably circumvent .
You can become part of their online life while learning the ropes yourself .
" Have your teenager show you around the web .
Be a ' curious tourist ' in your teen ’s digital world , " Blaney continued .
" Ask your son to show you his favorite games , or ask your daughter to share her favorite sites , videos or activities .
This can be a pleasant way to engage with your teenager and to learn from her . "
Safety and Privacy
Safety and privacy are probably the two biggest concerns of parents when it comes to social media .
While there are some software and profile setting solutions , your greatest asset here is likely education .
" [ Kids ] need to understand the differences between private sites and those that are completely open to the public and leave them vulnerable , " said Theresa Walsh Giarrusso , who authors the Momania parenting blog for The Atlanta Journal - Constitution .
" And if they ca n’t tell the difference , then they need to be taught to stay off of questionable services . "
Because social media has become such an integral part of our daily lives , the time has come to merge " online " and " real - world " pursuits of common sense into one educational package for kids .
" We need to teach them as they grow up that ' stranger danger ' exists in the virtual world , as well as the real one — whether it ’s the weirdo in our local park or a weirdo following you on Foursquare , " said Giarrusso .
" We also need to constantly be hitting home , ' think before you act online . '
The repercussions can stay with you and be devastating . "
Kids may not always be up for a boring web safety lecture from mom and dad , but there are some more " edutaining " resources out there , like this PSA clip from the popular Disney Channel cartoon Phineas and Ferb .
One overarching tenet kids should take away here is , if you would n't do it in real life , do n't do it online .
Fortunately for parents of younger children , many of the brands that seek to engage them online , do so via kid - only games and networks that are a far cry from the content free - for - alls that abound on sites like Twitter .
Rather , these networks have built - in safeguards that will put most parents at ease .
But that does n't necessarily mean you should set kids adrift and walk away from the screen .
" Many social media sites for young kids only let them post pre-approved phrases , so they can't divulge personal info , and no one posing as a kid can say anything inappropriate , " said Rayworth .
" But at some sites you need to turn those controls on , so definitely explore any site your child wants to use . "
When Giarrusso discovered her five - year - old son had signed up for the Cartoon Network 's online multiplayer game Fusion Fall , she not only sat down with him to explore the site , but reached out to the game 's administrators to get the scoop on the safety features .
She turned her conversation with the game 's executive producer into a blog post so other parents could benefit from her investigation .
While most parents wo n't need to go quite so in - depth , making contact with a real person at the other end of a kids - only social network is never a bad idea .
Rayworth also notes that online safety concerns do n't stop at inappropriate content or strangers .
There 's also the potential for invasive marketing .
" So many kids ' products now have a social networking component to their site .
A few months back my son went to the Hot Wheels site and he had the option of spending time on the site logging which cars he has , and talking to other kids about them , " she explained .
" Things like this are potentially a lot of fun , but you have to keep in mind that your child is being advertised at the whole time ...
I think it 's really vital to limit that . "
Teens can face a whole new set of safety and privacy challenges on the larger networks , most of which are open to everyone , and are far more public .
" In terms of safety for older kids , every expert I ’ve spoken with says , ' do n’t let them have a computer in their room , ' " Rayworth noted .
" Keeping it in a common space gives you more access to what they ’re doing , and a clearer idea how much time they ’re spending online .
Kids may also make better decisions if they know mom and dad are nearby and can see the screen .
" The complicated thing is figuring out how far you want to go in the name of safety , " Rayworth added .
" Some parents are n’t comfortable reading their teenager 's texts or accessing their Facebook messages .
Others think it ’s important .
One option with Facebook is telling your kids that they must friend you ... but agreeing that you wo n't be posting on their wall or commenting on their posts .
Agree to just stay in the background . "
The Fine Line Between Participating and Spying
While it 's important to take an active role in your child 's online life , there are personal boundaries that should be respected and adjusted based on the child 's age , maturity , and earned trust .
While public posts on a social network may be fair game , things like e-mail messages and passwords could be considered an important threshold of maturity .
" Parents have a right to have their kids ’ passwords , particularly younger teens , " said Blaney .
" When teens get into the upper levels of high school , different rules may make sense for teens who prove themselves to be trustworthy . "
Remember , social networks are just that — social .
They tend to be an extension of what kids do and say in their " physical " social circles — much of which is not intended for parental consumption .
" During the teen years , they often experiment with various personas .
Am I like Britney ?
Am I like my older cousin Jamie ?
A teen may change her look , her friends , [ and ] her activities during this natural and important exploration process , " said Blaney .
" It makes sense that some of this experimentation will take place over and through the communication channels that they utilize , including texting and social networks . "
If you 're intruding on your teen 's personal online space , she 's likely to take it underground .
Remember , she 'll always be one step ahead of you technologically , so it 's unlikely you 'll win that race .
If you 're willing to give up having passwords , you should trust that simply being a part of her online community ( from day one , if possible ) will be enough to ensure good behavior .
" Be a presence on your teen ’s online profile , but in the background , " said Blaney .
" Some parents like to post on their kids ’
Facebook pages , but that is n’t necessary to do an effective job of monitoring ( and may be a real turn - off to your teenager ) .
Often , just letting your teen know that you look regularly is enough . "
Setting Limits Without Being a Luddite
As with any digital pastime , too much social media use can become a distraction , especially for kids .
Yet locking them out of the social web ( either partially or entirely ) would be doing them an educational and cultural disservice .
The key is to find balance .
" It ’s stunning how many hours per day kids spend with some kind of screen , " said Rayworth .
" I think if most families step back and really do the math , they 'll find a lot of consumption even among little kids .
One option is requiring that for every hour your kid spends online ... they then spend an hour doing non-screen things and hanging out with live people in person .
That can be eye - opening . "
" Technology is changing the landscape , the demands , and the context for [ children ’s ] educational experiences , " said Blaney .
" Again , without a real understanding and appreciation for how technology is being used and the fundamental impact that it has on their child ’s future , parents run the risk of being a hindrance in their teen ’s education . "
Be fair but firm , and have a good understanding of the technologies to know when it 's becoming too much .
Good Parenting ?
There 's No App for That
When we originally set out to explore the issues surrounding kids and social media safety , we were in search of software or network settings that could automatically filter inappropriate content .
What we quickly learned from these interviews was that the challenges for parents are far more nuanced , and solving them takes work .
" Much like driving a car or going off to college , parents have to hope that they have instilled good values and have taught their kids enough to handle situations they will encounter on social media , " said Giarrusso .
There will always be a technology and culture divide between parents and children .
But with a little extra effort , perhaps it does n't always have to be so big .
More social media resources from Mashable :
Image courtesy of iStockphoto , ilona75
[img credits : hoyasmeg , SFB579 , and uberculture ]
In the realm of public policy , we live in an age of numbers .
To hold teachers accountable , we examine their students ’ test scores .
To improve medical care , we quantify the effectiveness of different treatments .
There is much to be said for such efforts , which are often backed by cutting - edge reformers .
But do wehold an outsize belief in our ability to gauge complex phenomena , measure outcomes and come up with compelling numerical evidence ?
A well - known quotation usually attributed to Einstein is “ Not everything that can be counted counts , and not everything that counts can be counted . ”
I ’d amend it to a less eloquent , more prosaic statement :
Unless we know how things are counted , we do n’t know if it ’s wise to count on the numbers .
The problem is n’t with statistical tests themselves but with what we do before and after we run them .
First , we count if we can , but counting depends a great deal on previous assumptions about categorization .
Consider , for example , the number of homeless people in Philadelphia , or the number of battered women in Atlanta , or the number of suicides in Denver .
Is someone homeless if he ’s unemployed and living with his brother ’s family temporarily ?
Do we require that a women self - identify as battered to count her as such ?
If a person starts drinking day in and day out after a cancer diagnosis and dies from acute cirrhosis , did he kill himself ?
The answers to such questions significantly affect the count .
Second , after we ’ve gathered some numbers relating to a phenomenon , we must reasonably aggregate them into some sort of recommendation or ranking .
This is not easy .
By appropriate choices of criteria , measurement protocols and weights , almost any desired outcome can be reached .
Consider those ubiquitous articles with titles like “ The 10 Friendliest Colleges ” or “ The 20 Most Lovable Neighborhoods . ”
Such articles would be more than fluff if they answered critical questions .
Are there good reasons the authors picked the criteria they did ?
Why did they weigh the criteria in the way they did ?
If changes in the criteria were made , would the rankings of the friendliest colleges or most lovable neighborhoods be vastly different ?
Since the answer to the last question is usually yes , the problem of reasonable aggregation is no idle matter .
Recently released e-mail from employees at the credit - rating agency Standard & Poor ’s indicated a wish to “ discuss adjusting criteria ” for rating securities and “ massage the subprime and alt - A numbers to preserve market share . ”
The criteria adjustments were analogous to the adjustments that would put an area of abandoned buildings onto the list of the most lovable neighborhoods .
Scientists say they now know why raindrops are many different sizes , and the reason is far simpler than they expected .
With high - speed cameras , a team of French researchers has shown how a single raindrop fragments , under air resistance , into a scattered array of different - sized droplets .
Prior to this , scientists thought that raindrops smashed into each other as they fell from clouds , and that these collisions produced the range of drop sizes .
Footage courtesy of Emmanuel Villermaux , Aix - Marseille University
ONE of Europe 's biggest discount airlines , Ryanair , will charge passengers to use on - board toilets .
The Irish airline is planning to make its toilets coin-operated , forcing passengers to fork out STG1 ( $ 1.65 ) or E1 ( $ 1.44 ) every time they want to spend a penny in the sky .
The extra charges , which come on top of separate fees for check - in baggage and snacks , will coincide with the reduction of some toilet facilities on Ryanair planes .
" By charging for the toilets we are hoping to change passenger behaviour so that they use the bathroom before or after the flight , " Ryanair spokesman Stephen McNamara told the Daily Mail .
" That will enable us to remove two out of three of the toilets amd make way for at least six extra seats . "
The news came as the carrier came under fire for hiking fees for check - in baggage by 33 per cent to STG20 ( $ 33 ) per bag .
Rochelle Turner , head of research for British consumer magazine Which ?
Holiday , said Ryanair was penalising families going on holiday .
" Flying with Ryanair is not always as cheap as it first appears and we would advise passengers to factor in these extra costs when choosing who to fly with this summer , " she said .
Color Me Bad
This guy looks like he just had sex with a rainbow inside a bag of Skittles .
Oklahoma
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 5.3/10 ( 24 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : +1 ( from 5 votes )
.
" All will be well if you use your mind for your decisions , and mind only your decisions . "
Since 2007 , I have devoted my life to sharing the joy of game theory and mathematics .
MindYourDecisions now has over 1,000 free articles with no ads thanks to community support !
Help out and get early access to posts with a pledge on Patreon . .
.
[ Update 2-14-09 ]
I ’m on vacation ; articles will resume in a week or two , or as soon as I recover 🙂
I usually find cheap gas based on experience .
In my vicinity , I am aware of gas stations that sell for good prices .
A few pennies here or there does not bother me as it is the average that matters .
When I travel , I often ask a friend or I just suck it up since it ’s a one - time expense .
But that is going to change .
I learned of an ingenious solution from William Spaniel , who makes great instructional game theory videos .
Here is William ’s story :
I ran into an interesting problem today , and I thought you might enjoy what I realized the solution was .
My friends and I were driving back from Las Vegas to San Diego .
About half way through the trip , we needed gas .
We were n’t worried about suddenly running out , but we definitely could n’t make it to two towns ahead of us–we absolutely had to get gas in the town we were about to pass through .
There were five exits to the freeway in this city .
The goal was to get gas for as cheap as possible .
The problem was that we knew virtually nothing about what the price of gas should be in this town , and we were n’t keen on going around in circles until we found the best one around .
Then , I realized that you had covered a similar problem about a year ago .
Instead of cheap gas , the problem was to find true love .
The solution to maximize your probability of success was to reject the first few suitors and pick the first of the remainder who is better than those you had gone out with previously .
I suggested we try a similar strategy with the gas stations , as it has the same property .
We breezed by the first two ( which were selling for almost $ 3.50 each ) before stopping at one with a much more reasonable price of $ 2.95 .
As it turned out , $ 2.95 was the best station available .
I then explained to the other people in the car that we just solved a math problem .
They may or may not think I am full of you - know - what . 🙂
I am definitely going to try this strategy !
It is amazing that in statistics you can sample to find the best and save much time on your search .
Here is a quick cheat sheet on the rule ( full details in how to find true love ) :
Number of gas stations in vicinity ( N ) Number of gas stations to reject ( k ) 4 1 5 2 10 3
Note that the strategy works even better because , as game theory predicts , gas stations locate in clusters .
What about you guys ?
How do you find cheap gas at home or while traveling ?
( And remember to subscribe to William ’s game theory videos to show your thanks )
Chemistry and Chemical Engineering
A collection of audio / video courses and lectures in chemistry and chemical engineering from educational institutions around the world .
The courses and lectures cover a variety of subjects in the fields , including biochemistry , chemical structure and reactivity , chemical reaction engineering , inorganic chemistry , organic chemistry , organic reaction mechanisms , quantum chemistry , thermodynamics , chemical kinetics , mass transfer , organic spectroscopy , and mathematics for chemistry .
The contained lectures : Entertaining Chemistry , Computer Aided Drug Design , The Worlds Smallest Crystals , From Solomon to Marangoni : Surface Tension Effects in Chemistry , etc .
Is Android Really Outselling Apple ?
Here ’s a curveball of a data point : Android is now outselling the iPhone .
Really ?
Really , says NPD .
The consumer research shop says U.S. sales of smartphones using Google ’s mobile operating system climbed past Apple in the first three months of this year .
Google ( GOOG ) nabbed 28 percent of the market , while Apple ( AAPL ) claimed 21 percent , NPD says .
Less surprising is that BlackBerry maker Research in Motion ( RIMM ) still leads the market , with 36 percent .
Here are the data in chart form : Android is the green line with the prominent spike :
NPD ’s numbers come from self - reported online consumer surveys ( corporate sales are n’t included ) , so there ’s likely some variance between its results and actual sales data .
And indeed , NPD ’s numbers look quite different from the most recent numbers from comScore ( SCOR ) , which showed Google with a 10 percent share in February . *
Still , NPD is usually considered a reasonably accurate estimator of retail sales , so the report is worth taking seriously .
The best argument in support of NPD ’s numbers , meanwhile , is that Google ’s handset and carrier partners , particularly Verizon Wireless ( VZ ) and Motorola ( MOT ) , have been pushing their Android phones hard in recent months .
And perhaps potential iPhone buyers are in a wait - and - see mode until June , when Apple is expected to unveil a next - generation handset .
But this explanation requires an awful lot of iPhone buyers to be awfully savvy about Apple ’s product cycle .
Anyway , this is n’t necessarily terrible news for Apple , as the company faces a possible federal antitrust probe .
The NPD number is certainly more humble than the data Steve Jobs was boasting about last month when he noted that the iPhone had 64 percent of the mobile browser market .
* Important distinction between the NPD and Comscore data : NPD is measuring sales , and Comscore is measuring installed base .
So entirely possible for those two data sets to sync up .
More in Digits .
A tycoon who only recently topped China 's rich list has gone on trial on charges of insider trading and bribery .
Huang Guangyu - the founder of China 's second largest chain of electronics stores - has been in detention since January last year .
Huang Guangyu built a billion dollar business from almost nothing , after dropping out of school and starting a market stall nearly 30 years ago .
His business grew into a chain of more than 1,300 stores across China .
The BBC's Chris Hogg in Shanghai says canny investments in property helped Mr Huang build a fortune estimated to be between $ 2.7bn ( £ 1.72bn ) and $ 6.3 bn at the time of his arrest .
Too rich ?
In 2008 he topped the Hurun Report 's China rich list .
A few months later he was arrested .
The 40 - year - old has been in detention ever since , charged with illegal business practices , insider trading and bribery , the official Xinhua news agency quoted a court statement as saying .
He is suspected of manipulating share trading for two listed companies - Sanlian Commercial Co and Beijing Centergate Technologies Co , Xinhua reported .
His wife , Lisa Du Juan , and the former chairman of a Huang - controlled property developing company , Xu Zhongmin , are also on trial with him in Beijing .
According to state media reports , government officials and police have also been implicated in the case .
Gome Appliances
Co , a mainland subsidiary of the firm Mr Huang founded , is also accused of corporate bribery .
He stepped down as Gome 's chairman last year , but is still its largest shareholder .
The trial , which is not open to the media , is expected to last three days .
Our correspondent says it will be watched closely by the business community in Beijing .
The case will be the highest profile yet involving an entrepreneur in China .
Opinion polls in the state controlled media suggest many Chinese are suspicious of those who have made a great deal of money during China 's economic reforms , believing them to be corrupt .
Virginia
Tech is one of few universities to integrate mindfulness meditation into its Marriage and Family Therapy ( MFT ) program curriculum , according to Eric McCollum , professor of human development and MFT program director in the National Capital Region .
" Mindfulness meditation helps students improve their ability to be emotionally present in therapy sessions with clients , " he explained .
" It helps beginners , who can sometimes feel overwhelmed , stop focusing on themselves and think more about others . "
MFT is a three - year master 's degree program in the human development department in the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences .
Although most extensively described in the Buddhist tradition , McCollum teaches mindfulness as a secular practice , compatible with all religious beliefs .
Mindfulness meditation involves deliberately focusing one 's attention on present experience -- thoughts , physical sensations , emotions -- and doing one 's best to stay present with those experiences without judging them or avoiding the difficult aspects .
Extensive research on mindfulness in health care points to benefits to be gained from the practice .
For novice therapists , another advantage is that mindfulness meditation helps them to switch out of problem solving into being more present , more empathetic , and more compassionate , all important aspects of the therapeutic process , said McCollum .
He has practiced mindfulness for over 20 years and began to introduce the practice into the Virginia Tech MFT curriculum about five years ago after seeing students struggle to be emotionally available to clients .
Rachel Cramer , an MFT student from Arlington , Va. , explained how mindfulness meditation has helped in her interaction with clients .
" Thinking back on starting out in the therapist 's chair , one of the hardest things for me was to learn to be quiet .
Although I thought I understood active listening intellectually , the actual practice of listening without trying to form a response or a counter - argument or an intervention , and just to sit and take in what the other person was saying peacefully , was a huge challenge for me .
I think that is where the practice of mindfulness was the most helpful to me .
Just having the experience of quieting my inner cacophony in a disciplined way gave me an experience to draw on when sitting with a client .
" In a strange way , " Cramer continued , " mindfulness practice helped me get to the point where I could be most quiet and centered when hearing the most difficult things .
Without the exposure to mindfulness practice in my first techniques class , I 'm not sure I could really have learned to ' sit with someone 's pain ' just as a witness , without trying to fix the unfixable .
This experience also shaped my use of mindfulness , or at least quiet and measured breathing , as a way to help clients slow their own processes down .
Slowing them down made a lot more sense to me after I had experienced the value of this myself . "
Mindfulness meditation begins in the first year of clinical training .
At this juncture , students have taken theory and practice courses but are just beginning actual clinical rotations .
They are encountering a variety of issues common to beginning clinicians , such as dealing with anxiety , using a theoretical model effectively , and learning clinic procedures .
As a course requirement ( but not graded ) , students keep weekly journals which are read by the instructors over the course of the semester and then returned to them .
advertisement
According to McCollum , the educational purpose of these journals is to provide an avenue for students to both communicate and reflect on their experience and to provide some accountability for their weekly practice of mindfulness meditation .
Although asked to practice for five to 10 minutes daily , there is no penalty for not practicing .
" We ask them simply to report their experience , including why they did not practice meditation during a given week .
Students are explicitly and frequently encouraged to include both positive and negative experiences , as this is part of mindfulness practice : to accept whatever experience is happening , " McCollum said .
Thirteen students gave permission for McCollum to use their journals for a research paper , " Using Mindfulness Meditation to Teach Beginning Therapists Therapeutic Presence : A Qualitative Study , " which he coauthored with Diane R. Gehart , professor in the Department of Educational Psychology and Counseling at California State University , Northridge .
The paper was recently accepted for publication in a future issue of the Journal of Marital and Family Therapy .
Of the 13 students included in the study , there are seven men and six women ranging in age from 22 to 60 .
In terms of diversity , one described himself as gay , one identified as Armenian , another Latino , and the remainder as White or Caucasian .
A variety of themes emerged through thematic analysis of these students ' journal entries , including the effects of meditation practice , the ability to be present , balancing being and doing modes in therapy , and the development of acceptance and compassion for themselves and for their clients .
Among the study 's findings :
Mindfulness helped students be present in their sessions .
They were able to attend to their inner experience during what was happening with the clients in front of them , and further bring these two domains together in the therapist - client interaction .
However , the students also made clear that this was not a process of becoming absorbed .
They described instances where they were able to remain present with intense or difficult material in sessions without becoming " infected " with it ; that is , in contact but not overwhelmed , a theme referred to as " centered . "
The students credited several " effects " of their mindfulness practice with their ability to be present as therapists .
They felt they were calmer in general and specifically in their therapy sessions ; were more aware of their inner chatter and could either decrease or disconnect from it , and were able to slow down their perceived inner pace or sense of hurry .
Finally , some of them used brief periods of formal practice to allow themselves to set aside thoughts and feelings associated with the previous session or with their lives outside of the clinic and focus their attention on what was happening in the current client session .
The students ' experience of presence seems to have formed a foundation for them to shift their mode of being in the session .
Being did not become their sole mode in therapy sessions but they appeared to reach more balance between the two modes .
What helped them make this shift was seeing the positive effects on the clients of their changed presence .
For most students , this came through interaction with clients in the session ; some actually meditated with their clients and were encouraged when clients found this a useful experience .
The students reported explicitly experiencing a sense of compassion and acceptance .
As they came to accept themselves in the therapist role , they were better able to accept their clients .
Some students came to a stance of compassion that was consistent with the traditional meditation literature -- seeing commonality between their own struggles and their clients ' struggles and recognizing their shared humanity .
" Our findings suggest that mindfulness meditation may be a useful addition to clinical training , " said McCollum .
advertisement
Continued contact with students who have graduated from the program also provides McCollum with evidence for its effectiveness .
One of these is Courtney Powell who earned a MFT master 's degree in 2008 and currently resides in San Antonio , Tx .
" When I first thought back about the mindfulness experience , I was n't sure how much it still applied .
I thought , ' I do n't practice daily , and I do n't use it as often as I should . '
Then I realized that I was wrong .
I do practice daily and I do use the experience often .
However , it 's no longer a conscience practice .
It 's something I 've incorporated into who I am and how I deal with the struggles and frustrations I face every day .
When I look back and who I was before the mindfulness experience , I realize how I ' became ' the stress I experience .
I would think about how stress had affected me in the past and how it would affect my future .
I would get more frustrated and more irritated …
Now , while I experience as much stress as I did before , I am more aware of my present experience and the stress seems outside of who I am .
I worry less about how I have experienced it in the past and how it will impact my future .
I am also not negative about the experience .
I 'm aware of it , I notice it , and for the most part , I 'm able to let it go . "
She continued , " I think that it was important for someone like Dr. McCollum , who truly believes and clearly practices mindfulness , to teach it to us because we could see an example of how it works .
He also encouraged us to use the practices with clients and seeing the impact it had on their life experiences was also very powerful . "
( Natural News ) Medicare issued as much as $ 92 million in payments between 2000 and 2007 for medical procedures or devices ordered under the names of doctors who had already died , according to a 2008 Senate committee report .
Prescriptions written in the names of deceased doctors are only one of the fraudulent techniques that plague the U.S. health care system , which has become a favorite target for organized crime .
" There are so many schemes involved , " said John Gillies , a special agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) .
" Take any aspect of the healthcare industry and there 's a fraud going on in there right now .
" Medicare and other healthcare fraud have been targeted as major areas for reform by politicians seeking to reduce the country 's medical spending .
According to the FBI , between 3 and 10 percent of the country 's yearly healthcare spending goes to fraud , or $ 200 billion .
This is consistent with an October 2009 Thompson Reuters report , which estimated that fraud cost the U.S. healthcare system more than $ 220 billion in 2007 , or 10 percent of its total spending .
According to Gillies , years of government inattention have allowed healthcare fraud to become one of the easiest and best - paying crimes in the United States .
Since penalties for those caught are also relatively low , organized crime has been increasingly drawn to Medicare fraud , in many cases adopting it in favor of the more dangerous illegal drug trade .
In addition to using names of dead doctors , Medicare scammers may also set up fake medical device supply companies for reimbursement , or fake treatments for HIV and AIDS .
As Florida prosecutors attempt to grapple with the problem -- announcing a new arrest , indictment or conviction nearly every week -- the crimes have become more complex , incorporating elements such as stolen identities , kickback payments and manipulative billing .
" When we shut down one scheme they just move onto the next scheme , " Gillies said .
" I do not see it slowing down any time soon .
" Sources for this story include : www.reuters.com
The Los Angeles City Council , protesting Arizona ’s crackdown on illegal immigration , on Wednesday voted to ban most city travel to Arizona and future contracts with companies in that state .
During a morning - long debate on the resolution , council members compared Arizona ’s action to Nazi Germany and the beginning of the Holocaust , as well as the internment and deportation of Japanese Americans during World War II .
A new Arizona law , which will take effect July 23 , will require police to determine whether people they stop are in the country illegally , which critics say will lead to racial profiling .
“ Los Angeles the second - largest city in this country , an immigrant city , an international city .
It needs to have its voice heard , ’’ said Councilman Ed Reyes , one of the resolution ’s sponsors .
“ As an American , I can not go to Arizona today without a passport .
If I come across an officer who ’s having a bad day and feels that the picture on my ID is not me , I can be … deported , no questions asked .
That is not American . ’’
The action was approved 13 - 1 , with Councilman Greig Smith casting the sole dissenting vote .
The council ’s action fell short of a total boycott or canceling all of the city ’s $ 58 million worth of contracts with Arizona companies .
Officials with the Port of Los Angeles and Los Angeles International Airport expressed concern about potential effects on those agencies .
The council asked boards overseeing the port , airport and city utilities to review all contracts with ties to Arizona , however .
Today ’s compilation holds some of the most original , and creative advertisements I have ever seen .
Making a specific post for each would n’t be very “ topical ” , but exhibiting them as a collection makes sense .
( CNN ) -- Chechen rebel leader Dokku Umarov claimed that he personally gave orders to attack the Moscow subway this week , according to a Chechen rebel Web site .
Kavkaz Center , a Web site that regularly carries messages from the rebels , released a video in which Umarov said he was behind the Monday attacks .
The attacks were revenge for what Umarov called a " massacre conducted by the Russian occupants against the poorest residents of Chechnya and Ingushetia , " the Web site says .
According to the site , the video was taped the same day as the attacks .
The incident Umarov referred to is a February special operation by Russian forces , after which there were accusations of Russians killing innocent civilians .
In the video , Umarov said the victims were simply gathering garlic to make a living .
According to Russian officials , at least four civilians were killed during the special operation near the Ingushetian village of Arshty on February 11 .
After investigating the incident , the officials admitted that it was " the season to collect wild garlic " and civilians may have been doing just that despite requests for " evacuation " from the area .
The president of Ingushetia , Yunus - Bek Evkurov expressed condolences to relatives of the deceased and provided material support in the amount of 50 thousand rubles ( about $ 1,700 ) for each family .
The president noted that during the raid 18 militants were also killed .
The attacks in Moscow , in which two female suicide bombers killed at least 39 people and wounded more than 60 others , were legitimate retribution for what happened in Chechnya , Umarov said in the video .
He also promised " new acts of vengeance " in Russia .
Russians will no longer be able to simply observe the battles in the Caucasus , Umarov said .
" Therefore , the war will come to your streets , and you will feel it for yourselves and with your own lives , " he said in the video .
Monday 's blasts tore through the Lubyanka and Park Kultury stations in central Moscow -- the female bombers detonating their explosives about 40 minutes apart , starting just before 8 a.m. ( 12 a.m. ET ) .
On Tuesday , Russian police released photographs of the two women suspected of carrying out the attacks .
Special services were also seeking three suspected accomplices of the bombers , Russian state TV reported , citing Moscow police spokesman Viktor Biryukov .
They were hunting for a 30 - year - old man from the Northern Caucasus who was seen on security cameras wearing dark clothes and a black baseball cap , and two women , aged 22 and 45 , both ethnic Slavs , who allegedly assisted the man , state TV reported .
" Our preliminary assessment is that this act of terror was committed by a terrorist group from the North Caucasus region , " said Alexander Bortnikov of the Federal Security Service , in reference to the investigation at one of the blast sites .
The current round of the Russia - Chechnya conflict dates back nearly 20 years , with Chechens having laid claim to land in the Caucasus Mountains region .
Thousands have been killed and 500,000 Chechen people have been displaced by the fighting .
Chechnya is located in the North Caucasus region of Russia between the Black and Caspian seas .
Every couple of months , a once famous former something or other writes a book that makes the deliberately vague promise to " tell all . "
Occasionally , one of them will accidentally touch on something interesting , but for the most part they exist for their authors to remind us that they still exist .
We asked you to show us what it would look like if some of our favorite fictional characters subjected themselves to such bullshit .
The winners are below , but first the runners up .
Advertisement
21 Entry by DICKWOLF !
So you think atheism is worthwhile , do you ?
You 'd like to see more people abandon religious delusion and embrace reality , huh ?
You 'd even like to see atheism become the norm in your country , would n't you ?
Okay , prove it .
What if I told you that you could promote the central message of atheism ( i.e. , there probably are n't any gods ) without having to leave your home ?
What if you could do it from where you are sitting right now , without having to spend a dime and with almost no effort whatsoever ?
This might sound too good to be true , but I do n't think it is .
An Easy Way to Promote Atheism
Whenever you run across atheist - oriented content on the Internet that you like , submit it to Reddit , Flipboard , or whatever alternatives you prefer .
Re - tweet it on Twitter , share it on Facebook , or promote it on whatever social media platform you prefer .
The point is that we want to amplify good ideas ( like atheism ) so they will be encountered by more people .
Simple , is n't it ?
But many of us are not even doing this incredibly simple thing on a regular basis .
Here 's another way to look at it : I am not paying for most of the atheist content I enjoy each and every day on the Internet , so the least I can do is to promote it .
Why is this important ?
Promoting good atheist content helps the author by bringing more visitors to their site and may encourage them to create more of it .
Promoting good atheist content helps all of us by making it easier for us to find some of the best material on the web .
Promoting good atheist content helps atheism by showing advertisers that we are worth their attention .
Promoting good atheist content helps those who are just beginning to explore atheism .
To those of you who are reacting negatively because you think posts like this discourage people from taking more meaningful action by suggesting relatively trivial alternatives , I hear you .
What I am suggesting in this post is not going to change the world or take the place of secular activism , but it is a start .
And since many of us are not even doing what I describe here on a regular basis , this tells me that it is still a step in the right direction .
Promoting atheism is a great way to spread reason , which is something we should be seeking to do every day .
Photo credit : Weezie ’s Birthday Ballooning ( Richard Giles ) / CC BY - SA 2.0
OSLO ( Reuters ) - Pakistan suffered the highest number of internally displaced people in 2009 due to the Taliban insurgency and Pakistan ’s military response , a United Nations study showed on Monday .
The number of internally displaced people worldwide reached 27.1 million individuals in 2009 , the highest number since records began in the mid 1990s , said the report .
Out of a total population of 170 million , over 3 million Pakistanis were newly displaced in 2009 , the most in the world and three times more than second - placed Democratic Republic of Congo ( DRC ) .
“ The military operations of governments and armed non-state actors caused most displacement , and many people were displaced more than once , ” said the report , published by the Norwegian Refugee Council , a non-governmental organization .
“ The massive scale of displacement witnessed in countries such as Pakistan is a sad reminder that civilians are the ones who pay the highest price of armed conflict , ” it added .
In 2008 , the biggest new internal displacement of people was in the Philippines , where 600,000 fled fighting between the government and Muslim rebels .
While refugees who cross a country ’s external border gain rights under international law , internally displaced people who have been forced to move due to conflict or hunger have no such rights in many countries .
Last year also set a new high in the number of displaced persons returning home , at around 5 million .
“ Most of the people who were newly displaced during the year were able to return after a few weeks or months of displacement , ” it said of the Pakistani displacement .
“ However , many come back to situations where their homes have been destroyed and are not able to re-establish their lives and livelihoods , or where basic services are not on offer . ”
The United Nations warned on Monday that food and other relief programs for 3.3 million displaced people in Pakistan would have to be cut back because of the poor international response to an aid appeal .
The world body ’s humanitarian coordination office OCHA said in Geneva that an appeal launched in February for $ 537 million had raised only 26 percent of the target .
Nearly half of that had come from the United States and most of the rest from Japan , Britain , Canada and the European Union .
Nearly 3.5 million people had left their homes in the Khyber Pahtunkwha province , formerly known as the North Western Frontier Province , and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas near the Afghan frontier when the fighting subsided late last year , the U.N. says .
But clashes are continuing , with Taliban fighters staging suicide and bomb attacks against security forces and other government targets .
The country with the most internally displaced people continues to be Sudan , with 4.9 million or about one in eight of the population , said the report .
Then came Colombia ( 3.3 - 4.9 million ) , Iraq ( 2.76 million ) , DRC ( 1.9 million ) , Somalia ( 1.5 million ) and Pakistan ( 1.2 million ) , the report said .
The report said that displaced women and children were at high risk of rape and sexual violence in a number of countries including Chad , Colombia , DRC , India , Iraq , Kenya , Myanmar , Somalia and Sudan .
26 Life Lessons I ’ve Learned in 26 Years of Living
Tweet
Today , I turn 26 years old .
[ pause for cheering ]
A little over a month ago , I wrote the post “ 3 Lessons I ’ve Learned in 3 Years of Marriage “ .
I ’ll be the first to admit , I was n’t sure how the post would be received .
To my surprise , it was a big hit ( even if being a bit of a random topic ) !
Due to the reception of that post , I decided that the best way to celebrate my birthday was to reflect .
This morning , I sat down and wrote out the first 26 “ life lessons ” that came into my head .
This is n’t meant to be some master list , it ’s just a reflection of a lot of the events in my own life currently .
I ’m guessing you ’ll be able to relate to at least a few !
Life Lessons … Version 26.0 …
Being a parent is harder than you think .
Before I had kids , I used to get annoyed by kids whining on airplanes .
I used to think “ Gosh , get control of your kid ” in a lot of situations .
How hard can it be ?
And now … I know .
Even with only one ( who , by the way , is an angel 95 % of the time ) I get it .
I ca n’t believe how easily I become frustrated sometimes .
I ca n’t imagine those of you with 3 , 4 , or 5 rugrats .
Being a husband is harder than you think .
Of course , this was the main topic behind my original 3 marriage lessons post .
Everyone told me marriage takes dedicated and consistent effort .
I acknowledged the words , but detached myself because I assumed we were an exception .
Doh .
There will always be haters .
No matter what you do or how much you give , there will always be haters .
I ’m making a pledge to rid my life ( and my online world ) of any consistently negative , non-constructive forces .
If you want to hate … go get your reaction someplace else .
Be willing to give away the glory .
One of the best ways I ’ve found to have someone accept an idea / concept is to make them feel like they came up with it themselves .
Many of the people I respect most are amazing at sharing and giving away the limelight when it comes .
They are constantly taking a back seat to build up others .
You can do anything you want .
No seriously … you can literally do anything .
As kids , we are always told this , but most of us dismiss it as foo - foo .
It ’s not .
In the last year , I ’ve really come to terms with this .
I can literally do whatever I want .
Some of that is confidence and some of it comes from just having my eyes opened recently .
The largest thing between you and what you want is whatever glob of excuses you can pile up .
Very few decisions in life require intense research .
90 % of research / data - gathering is a waste of time .
I ’ve found this true in my personal life and I ’ve certainly found it true in my business .
Nearly without exception , I over analyze every decision I make .
Stop talking … stop thinking … stop planning … start doing .
Intensely research any decision that limits a large amount of your freedom .
As a rule , the more freedom that is at stake in a decision , the more I ’ll research it .
The real reason is that I ’m o.k. if research leads to indecision in cases where freedom is at risk .
Take buying a home , deciding to have kids , or taking a new 80 hour / week job , for example .
It ’s not really a bad thing to second guess yourself there .
Things to stop analyzing ?
The perfect weekend to go camping , a new product / service you want to launch , or whether or not to let your kids paint their room neon pink .
Do it .
The majority of people think they are above average .
I constantly remind myself of this fact .
By nature , we tend to over estimate our own skills and / or contributions .
Not only that , but we are much less aware of what other people contribute .
I do it and you do it , too .
So recognize it .
Go out of your way to thank people for the things you do notice .
The best feedback you ’ll ever get is when you try to sell something to someone .
So this is a purely entrepreneurial one I ’ve learned .
It goes back to # 7 .
The most valuable data / feedback you ’ll ever have is after you launch a product , service , or idea .
Seth Godin refers to this a “ shipping it ” .
People automatically devalue anything they get for free .
While we are on the topic , be careful about what you give away for free .
This can be applied beyond business , too .
Family , friends , clients , colleagues …
We automatically place more value on things we have to pay ( money , time , effort , energy ) for .
Give someone something for free consistently and they quickly begin to expect it .
Instead of teaching kids to study concepts , we should be teaching them to solve problems .
I wo n’t dive too much into what I know is an insanely deep and polarizing concept .
Courtney is much more equipped to discuss education system intelligently .
However , I ’m not sure teaching kids to “ study ” a concept ( many times something that ’s in a weakness ) is an empowering approach .
Instead , I ’d love to see us playing more to kids strengths ( whatever those may be individually ) and focusing on obtaining solutions to problems .
Choosing the correct mentors is the # 1 most important factor in success of any kind .
Modeling a mentor is the fastest way to success .
It does n’t matter if you are climbing the corporate ladder , starting a web - based business , playing professional basketball , or studying religion .
You ’ve gotta find your Branson , your Jobs , your Jordan , your Jesus , or your Buddha .
Surround yourself with people who inspire you .
Mentors are essential , however you ’ve got to also find a relate to inspiring people on a daily / tangible level .
My wife and daughter inspire me .
I want them to be involved in everything I do , including my business and my passions .
Many of my fellow bloggers inspire me .
A couple blogger who are in similar spots , yet continually inspire me are Glen Allsop , Corbett Barr , Everett Bogue , and Grant Peele .
You do n’t need nearly as much money as you think you do .
Another revelation that has come into my life in the past year or so .
You really * need * far , far less that what you think .
There are single people who travel and live on $ 5,000 a year .
There are families of 5 that eat on $ 100 / month .
As a culture , we absolutely squander .
I know Courtney and I do .
It ’s that straightforward .
Money does n’t buy happiness , but it buys everything else !
This is my fun way of saying that I like money .
I want a lot of money .
While true , do n’t let # 14 fool you .
I want my family to live a remarkable , yet secure life .
I rarely worry about money now , but I want to all but eliminate it as a concern altogether .
I want to be able to focus my life on giving in the coming years , while still being able to have an income .
But even with money , I want to ensure we embrace …
Experiences almost always trump possessions .
I do n’t mind spending money ( you should n’t either ) , but the key is to do so consciously .
For me , conscious spending is concentrated on 90 - 95 % experience and 5 - 10 % actual “ stuff ” .
Up until the last few years , I had it backwards .
I liked to talk about how I loved “ experiences ” , but I spent my money on stuff .
I want to keep our focus on experiences whether we are making $ 20 k per year or $ 200 k per year .
* Note : Unless we are talking about an iPhone .
Seriously , have you seen this thing ? *
Focus the bulk of your energy on leveraging your strengths , not on improving weaknesses .
I touched on this in # 11 , but it does n’t just apply to our approach to education .
When we think about ourselves , many of us tend to try to work on our weaknesses .
In doing so , we limit the time we spend leveraging our strengths .
I ’m not suggesting to ignore areas in which you need improvement , but every time I focus the bulk of my energy on my strengths ( without totally ignoring other areas ) , I achieve much better results even within my weaknesses .
It ’s a matter or positive perspective and sustaining motivation .
It really works .
Be the change you want to see in the world .
Yeah , I know … a little foo - foo .
But this one is a good one .
If you are trying to convert people by knocking on doors and handing out pamphlets , you are doing it wrong .
It ’ll always be an uphill battle .
Try modeling for people .
Try impressing … try inspiring .
Use your actions to show me not only the how , by the why .
The answer will always be no if you do n’t ask .
Seriously , if you want something you have to ask .
Do n’t be a blunt prick .
Ask genuinely and ask politely .
If you just ask … you ’ll be surprised more often than not .
The worse I eat , the less productive I am .
The less productive I am , the worse I eat .
Also , I ’ve realized that feeling like crap on a regular basis is not enough motivation to eat healthier .
Sad , but true .
And I do n’t think I ’m alone on that one .
Most of us know that it ’s the cause of so many problems , yet we do n’t change .
You do n’t get out of debt because “ you should ” .
You do n’t eat healthy and exercise because “ it ’s good for you ” .
Find your motivation ( I ’m talking to myself here ) .
Empowering other people is what really matters in life .
I want to empower .
I want to empower Courtney to be the most amazing and fulfilled person she can be .
I want to empower Milligan to do whatever passions are currently bringing her joy ( right now she really likes playing with her purple ball , playgrounds , and taking naps ) .
I want to empower complete strangers to see opportunities in their own lives that they ’ve buried under mounds of stuff , debt , and excuses .
Saying “ no ” politely is far better than saying a half - assed “ yes ” .
Learning to respectfully and politely say “ no ” is one of the skills I desire most .
Especially in the online world , I tend to want to say yes to everything .
There are so many amazing people , opportunities , projects , and feedback .
It ’s all right here , right now .
But , I ’ve been saying “ yes ” and then completely letting people down way too much recently .
It ’s not a matter of being “ busy ” or “ important ” .
Everyone is busy and important .
It ’s a matter of really being to knock the socks of the projects I can do .
I want to either give 110 % or 0 % .
I want to learn to say “ no ” in a way people enjoy .
There are very few unique personal problems .
Chances are millions of people have gone through whatever issue you may have .
Chances are at least one of those people is much closer than you think .
Problem is we think any issues we may have are unique and we assume those close to us would n’t understand .
Wrong .
It ’s o.k. to be a fan .
I used to reject the concept of being a fan .
I did n’t want to be seen on a “ bandwagon ” .
I did n’t want someone to call me a “ fanboy ” .
I wanted to think for myself .
Now , I ’ve come to terms that being a fan is fun .
I like cheering for the Packers .
I love my man crush I have on Chris Guillebeau ’s work .
I love how much passion Eddie Vedder brings to every song .
I love watching Wine Library TV even though I ’ve never tasted a wine in my life that I enjoyed .
I love the fact that Big Mike was saved by the judges last week on American Idol… ( too far ? ) .
The more I act like my daughter .
The happier I am .
The more I play , mimic , tease , and chase my daughter in any given day … the happier I am when I go to bed at night .
The simple act of being silly is one I lost over the last 6 - 7 years .
It ’s taken a toddler to slowly infuse this back into me .
I want to embrace it even more .
As a child , I never once worried about food , water , shelter , or love .
I was never once abused or neglected .
I got everything I needed and most of what I wanted .
Both my parents were ( and still are ) hard - working , supportive , and have great values .
The older I get , the more I realize how insanely fortunate this makes me .
And there it is … everything I know . 😉
Want to give me a birthday present ?
Click here to Stumble this post on StumbleUpon !
[ I ’m exempt from self promotion guilt today … sorry ! ]
Tweet
In a time where torrent sites increasingly draw the short straw in legal cases brought by copyright holders , the developers of the Tribler BitTorrent client continue working on a decentralized BitTorrent ecosystem .
Their latest release includes several features to avoid spam and ensure fast downloads .
Researchers from the Tribler P2P team at the Technical University of Delft , Netherlands , have been working on their next generation BitTorrent client for a few years now .
The project has been awarded millions of euros in funding from the European Union .
With this money , the researchers have been developing a new BitTorrent ecosystem where torrent sites are no longer needed .
To achieve this goal the search functionality of the new Tribler client is fully distributed , meaning that the torrents come from within the network of peers and not from a torrent site or a central server .
This could potentially make BitTorrent indexers such as The Pirate Bay and isoHunt obsolete .
The downside of this type of search is that it is impossible to remove or moderate spam and fake files .
In order to solve this problem the Tribler team has implemented a SwarmRank feature which ranks torrents based on their trustworthiness and speed .
“ SwarmRank is inspired by Google ’s PageRank algorithm which is used to keep Google search results neat , tidy and relevant , ” Dr. Johan Pouwelse , lead researcher at the Tribler P2P team , told TorrentFreak .
Another new feature based on the trust idea implemented in the latest Tribler release is a reputation score for downloaders called BarterCast .
With this feature the Tribler team hopes to achieve higher download speeds for users who share the most .
To reward seeding the Tribler client does n’t rely on sharing ratios like most private BitTorrent trackers do .
Instead , every peer that shares valid pieces of a file will simply become more trustworthy .
The more users upload , the more their reputation score increases and the higher their download speeds will be .
Below is a picture of a previous version of Tribler which includes a test version of their BarterCast reputation system .
It shows how peers automatically form a web - of - trust .
Web - of - Trust
With the new SwarmRank and BarterCast features , Tribler has made a step forward in preventing spam filling up its decentralized BitTorrent environment .
“ By adding reputations for both swarms and peers we have a new tool against spam and pollution in Bittorrent , while we can reward seeding , ” Dr. Pouwelse told Torrent Freak .
We have to admit that the Tribler team is working on some fascinating stuff .
However , thus far the client still has a very small market share which is not ideal for a decentralized system like this .
Depending on what the future has in store for BitTorrent , this may change quickly .
The good thing is that the client is entirely Open Source so other developers can take advantage of the research if needed .
I can’t claim to know all of the difficulties nursing mothers are up against as they try to handle their personal and professional business .
But I do know that the recession has pushed “ work - life ” balance concerns off the front page .
We ’ve all heard stories about the travails of nursing mothers .
Horrible stories about women who ca n’t get an exception to their firm ’s “ no curtains ” policy , thus preventing breast pumping in their own office .
Discriminatory stories about women who ca n’t get a reasonable break to do what needs to be done .
We ’ve heard positive stories too : like Simpson Thacher ’s lactation room — which sounds like a thing nobody would call a “ perk ” if more women ran law firms .
However , I ca n’t recall any kind of technological innovation that could actually help nursing mothers manage all the things on their plate .
Until now .
The device below is beautiful … and terrible .
It seems like one of the most unnatural contraptions ever invented to help a natural process .
It is corporate and mammalian at the same time .
And it ’s just a striking freaking image ….
I imagine that many women in our audience have seen this particular device before ( click to enlarge ) :
What I ca n’t get over is the fact that the woman in the picture is holding a BlackBerry .
I mean , this really is the horrible logical extension of CHECK YOU EMAILS .
What kind of world do we live in where a woman ca n’t take X minutes ( I have no idea how long it takes ) to unplug from her BlackBerry and plug into a breast pump ?
But I ’ve left out the best part .
Here ’s the tagline for this product :
I guess this is one way to “ pump up ” your billable hours .
If people can bill while going to the bathroom , why ca n’t women bill while they pump their breast milk ?
I do n’t even know else what to say .
Something deeply troubling is happening here ; I just do n’t know precisely what it is .
What do you readers think of this product ?
Take the poll below and help me try to make sense of what is going on here ( click all that apply ) .
New York ’s Nursing Mothers in the Workplace Act ( NY State Labor Law § 206 - c ) [ Adjunct Law Prof Blog ]
Earlier : Biglaw Perk Watch : Lactation Rooms
A rocket has exploded near the southern Jordanian city of Aqaba , damaging a warehouse but causing no casualties .
The rocket was one of two fired early on Thursday which landed in Jordanian territory - the other fell into the Red Sea .
There are conflicting reports as to where the rockets were launched .
Egyptian officials denied Israeli reports they had come from Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula .
Jordan's PM said they had not been launched from his country .
" We are 100 % sure that the rocket which hit a warehouse in Aqaba was not fired from Jordanian territory , but from beyond our borders , " Prime Minister Samir Rifai told AFP news agency .
He added that the missile had been a Russian - designed Grad .
Earlier police said they had found the remains of a Katyusha rocket .
Security warnings
Israeli media reports say that the rockets were aimed at the nearby Israeli resort of Eilat .
Reuters news agency quoted unnamed military sources as saying the missiles had been fired from Jordan but failed to clear its border .
Israel has recently warned of increased militant activity in the Sinai , which is very popular with Israeli tourists , says the BBC's Wyre Davies in Jerusalem .
Last week Israel said there was firm evidence of an attempt to abduct its citizens in the area , prompting a call for all Israelis in the Sinai to leave immediately , adds our correspondent .
In 2005 four rockets were fired from Jordan towards Israel , but fell within Jordanian territory .
A Jordanian soldier was killed in the incident .
Der Bundesdatendatenschutzbeauftragte Peter Schaar hat sich dafür ausgesprochen , Melderegister schlank zu halten und nicht durch die " Anreicherung " mit zusätzlichen personenbezogenen Informationen wie dem Besitz von Waffenscheinen von ihrem ursprünglichen Zweck des Identitätsnachweises zu " entfremden " .
" Das Meldewesen ist auf seine Kernaufgabe zurückzuführen und möglichst effektiv zu gestalten " , erklärte Schaar auf der 5 .
Konferenz zu Diensten im europäischen Meldewesen , die die RISER ID Services GmbH in Berlin veranstaltete .
Eine Profilbildung sei genauso auszuschließen , wie die Einführung eines allgemeinen Personenkennzeichens .
Das Bundesverfassungsgericht habe bereits in den 1970 ern entsprechende Ausführungen gemacht .
Die Problematik der Verknüpfung einer persönlichen Kennziffer mit Melderegistern sei zwar heutzutage " etwas zu relativieren " , da es auch andere Möglichkeiten gebe , Daten zusammenzuführen .
Ein zentrales Merkmal , das zudem noch vom Staat verteilt werde , sei dafür nicht mehr nötig .
Trotzdem sei zu beachten , dass Datenbanken immer Ordnungsmerkmale für die interne Organisation abgespeicherter Elemente bräuchten .
" Sprechende " Charakteristika wie Geburtsdaten , örtliche Angaben oder Geschlechtsinformationen , die von sich aus schon Aussagen über Individuen ermöglichten , dürften nur intern als Ordnungsfaktoren verwendet werden .
Ein Einsatz zur " Identifikation nach außen oder gegenüber Dritten " sei nicht gestattet .
Schaar führte weiter aus , dass das Meldewesen in vielen anderen Ländern deutlich weniger entwickelt sei als hierzulande .
Auch der neuen Chefin des Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) der USA , Janet Napolitano , käme die Einführung eines Melderegisters nach deutschem Vorbild " nicht im Traum in den Kopf " .
Jenseits des Atlantiks werde schon die Einführung eines Personalausweises sehr kritisch gesehen .
Angesichts der erhöhten Missbrauchsmöglichkeiten zentraler Datensammlungen zeigte sich der Datenschützer in diesem Zusammenhang erleichtert , dass die schwarz - gelbe Koalition von den Plänen der schwarz - roten Vorgängerregierung zur Einführung eines Bundesmelderegisters zunächst Abstand genommen habe .
Auch dezentrale Strukturen könnten aber mit Risiken behaftet sein , was sich nicht nur beim Cloud Computing zeige .
Der IT - Staatssekretär des Berliner Senats , Ulrich Freise , unterstrich die Notwendigkeit , beim Meldewesen die hiesige " Fixierung auf einen zweifelsfreien Identitätsnachweis im Lichte anderer Länder zu betrachten " .
Schon in der EU seien die rechtlichen Voraussetzungen sehr unterschiedlich .
Berlin habe so eine " europäische Lektion erlernt " und prüfe nun in allen Einzelfällen , ob eine strenge Identitätsprüfung für die Abwicklung einzelner Dienstleistungen tatsächlich nötig sei .
Sollte dies unabdinglich sein , könne die eigene Identität im Online - Bereich vom November an mit dem elektronischen Personalausweis nachgewiesen werden .
Die optionale und kostenpflichtige Zusatzfunktion der qualifizierten Signatur stelle eine " konsequente Übertragung des Ausweises " in Papierform auf die elektronische
Welt dar .
Die in Berlin angesiedelte europäische Meldeauskunft RISER ( Registry Information Service on European Residents ) selbst beansprucht für sich , gemäß der rechtlichen EU - Vorgaben kein " Daten - Pooling " durchzuführen und Informationen nicht an Dritte weiterzugeben .
Man werde bei der praktischen Ausgestaltung der Sicherung personenbezogener Informationen vom Unabhängigen Landeszentrum für Datenschutz Schleswig - Holstein ( ULD ) beraten .
Mittlerweile nutzten Behörden , Banken oder Inkassostellen aus knapp 20 Ländern RISER und stellten rund zwei Millionen Online - Anfragen pro Jahr , während sie 2008 noch bei etwa 1,6 Millionen Auskunftsersuchen gelegen habe .
60 Prozent der deutschen Kommunen würden derzeit von RISER versorgt . ( jk )
Barack Obama was born in Hawaii and partly raised there
Hawaii has enacted a law allowing officials to ignore repetitive requests for US President Barack Obama 's birth certificate .
The measure is aimed at " birthers " , who claim Mr Obama was not born in the US and is thus ineligible to be president .
State officials say birthers make dozens of requests every month for copies of Mr Obama 's birth certificate .
The new law was requested by Republican Governor Linda Lingle .
Mr Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii in 1961 .
The law applies to any public records that are typically available to anyone who requests to inspect them .
It also permits state officials to deny access to the records or to ignore the request if it duplicates an earlier request .
State law already bars release of a certified birth certificate to anyone who does not have a tangible interest .
Since the start of his run for the White House , Mr Obama has been hounded by rumours he was born not in Hawaii but in Kenya , his father 's homeland ; Indonesia , where he lived as a child ; or elsewhere .
The state of Hawaii has released a computer print - out of the birth certificate information and officials have vouched for its authenticity , but that has failed to satisfy the birthers .
State officials have said they receive roughly 50 requests per month for the president 's birth certificate , often from the same small group of people , and that processing the requests takes considerable time .
How to Ease Your Worried Mind
By Gina Simmons , Ph.D .
We Americans are a worried bunch .
News reports of plummeting financial markets , high unemployment , oil slicks and other disasters give us ample concern for the future .
As a family therapist I see children as young as 10 worried about global warming , crime and the affordability of college .
At 10 that ’s a heavy load to bear .
A recent study found that parents grossly underestimate the stress their kids feel .
Children report trouble sleeping , headaches and other symptoms of stress , yet their parents seem unaware , ( perhaps due to their own stress levels ) .
Stress levels in adults soared , with 42 percent saying their stress worsened in the past year .
A survey of eight metropolitan cities , Atlanta , Chicago , Denver , Los Angeles , New York , Seattle and Washington , D.C. found that Denver fared the worst .
More than 75 percent reported work and money are major sources of stress .
People feel trapped due to lay - offs , pay cuts , heavier work loads and health insurance concerns .
When you feel a lack of control over your own life , the body can take a hit .
Some symptoms of stress include :
headaches
sleep problems
gastro - intestinal disturbances
irritability
substance abuse
hypertension
heart disease
If you feel like anyone driving slower than you is an idiot and anyone going faster than you is a maniac , then you ’re too stressed ( thank you George Carlin for that one ) .
If you drive to work , get out , lock the car and discover your coffee mug on the roof of your car , then you ’re too stressed .
If your friend asks you “ how are the kids ? ” and you reply “ what kids ? ” then you ’re too stressed .
You might assume you will feel less tense if you can change some circumstance of your life .
You expect to feel relieved if you :
Can get a job .
Can save money .
See the economy improve .
Get health coverage .
Have more time to relax .
Unfortunately the world does not rotate according to our personal needs .
It ’s healthy to learn to generate a feeling of calm within yourself , no matter what happens outside of your sphere of influence .
You might think “ it ’s impossible to feel calm with so many stress0rs in my life . ”
Amazingly , you can learn to produce a feeling of calm within yourself with little effort in a few minutes .
I ’ll share one simple technique with you .
This comes from Buddhist monk and peace advocate , Thich Nhat Hanh ( tik not hahn ) .
It ’s called Wonderful Moment .
Breathing in , I know I am breathing in .
Breathing out , I know I am breathing out .
Breathing in , I notice that my in - breath has become deeper .
Breathing out , I notice that my out - breath has become slower .
Breathing in , I calm myself .
Breathing out , I feel at ease .
Breathing in , I smile .
Breathing out , I release .
Breathing in , I dwell in the present moment .
Breathing out , I feel it is a wonderful moment .
This simple brief exercise in mindfulness carries within it some serious scientific credibility .
First it focuses our attention on our breath .
Breathing in , breathing out .
Breathing is primary nourishment for the mind and body .
Next , we think of the words deep and slow .
When we breathe deeply we oxygenate our blood , providing needed fuel to help the brain process more efficiently and effectively .
When we think of slow we reduce the speed of our racing thoughts that drive worry .
Next we focus on the words calm and ease .
We focus our attention on the possibility that in this moment we can feel calm and ease .
This sends a message from the brain to the body to relax , reduce the blood pressure and restrictions creating tension in the body .
The word smile triggers the face to smile , releasing natural opiates that reduce pain and increase well - being .
The word release sends the message to let go of the tension the body holds onto like a gripping fist .
With each breath , release tension and worry .
The words present moment remind us that life only truly exists for us in this present moment .
To feel fully alive we must return to the immediate moment .
Finally , the words wonderful moment alert us to the promise of wonder and joy in every instant .
Easy and effortless .
In the words of the great Carole King and Gerry Goffin in their song Up on the Roof :
When this old world starts getting me down
And people are just to much for me to face .
I climb way up to the top of the stairs
And all my cares just drift right into space .
The great thing about the Wonderful Moment exercise is you do n’t even have to climb any stairs to let those cares drift into space .
Breathing in , Breathing out , deep , slow , calm , ease , smile , release , present moment , wonderful moment .
Today , many supply chain managers believe that there are multiple risks involved in a supply chain , and yet are often ill - equipped to handle the same .
Many of the risk factors develop from a pressure to enhance productivity , minimize waste , remove supply chain duplication , and improve bottom - line .
Risks are typically classified as systematic risks and unsystematic risks .
Systematic risks arise from those unavoidable factors in the environment over which the firm can have no control upon .
Conversely , unsystematic risks arise from those factors which can be internally controlled by the firm to a large extent .
Risk in supply chain can arise from the following sources .
Environmental risk :
All firms work in an environment .
Changes to the environmental factors like competition , political and legal framework or even in national cultures ( trade unions ) may pose a threat to the firm .
Industry risk :
These risks arise due to changes which may affect the entire industry structure .
Say a development of a cheap alternative substitute may pose an extreme challenge to a certain product .
Technology changes often creates industry risk .
Organizational risk : Organizations can undergo massive changes in structure , leadership , culture , processes , technologies and people .
Each change poses its own risk and needs to be mitigated in its own way .
Domain specific risks :
These risks may arise from the standing or planning of the top management on strategic issues which may provide a competitive advantage to the company in the long run .
Such strategic plans often have high risk exposure and also even more higher perceived pay - offs .
Risks from the decision maker :
The decision maker in each activity in a supply chain is an important link in a chain .
His decision making capabilities and decisions have tremendous impact on the performance of the supply chain and the overall performance of the firm .
Understanding these risks and from where they arise is crucial for the success of any supply chain manager .
Share this :
Tweet
WhatsApp
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
This news has been in the works for several years , from the first reports of gene sequences in 2006 to a public overview at last year 's AAAS meeting .
Today 's issue of Science now contains the final product : the first draft sequence of one of our recent human relatives , the Neanderthal .
There 's lots of information here for the genomics obsessive , which we 'll get to later , but there 's also some generally significant findings , including evidence that the ancestors of some human populations interbred with Neanderthals .
The DNA used for the sequencing comes primarily from three bone fragments — described as being " of little morphological value " — from a cave in Croatia .
Even so , the DNA was extracted from bone powder produced with a small dental drill .
The authors suggest that , as long as minor damage can be tolerated , it 's worth trying to get DNA out of bones .
The paper confirms earlier reports that initial sequences were contaminated with DNA from modern humans , and describes the extensive quality controls that were put in place to limit the new data to Neanderthal .
Various measures indicate that the new sequence that 's being released is over 99 percent Neanderthal .
In total , it 's about 5.3 Gigabases worth of sequence , meaning that every base in the Neanderthal genome was sequenced , on average , 1.3 times .
Obviously , the distribution is not that even , and many areas remain unsequenced .
What we do have confirms that the three bones come from distinct individuals , although two may have been related , as their mitochondrial DNA sequences were identical .
The primary samples were supplemented with additional sequences from bones found in Spain , the Caucasus , and the initial skeleton from the Neander valley .
The similarity of the sequences across all these samples indicates that the species was about equally distinct from humans across most of its geographic range .
For the most part , Neanderthals looked like humans .
Ninety percent of the time that there was a difference between human and chimp DNA sequences , the human variant showed up in Neanderthals .
What about the differences ?
When it comes to protein coding genes , they 're pretty minor .
Only 78 differences in the sequences that encode proteins are uniformly present in humans but absent in Neanderthals .
Only five of those would change the primary structure of the protein .
The similarity is even more striking when you look at copy number variations , which can alter the dose of genes .
Neanderthals have lots of CNVs , but all but three of them show up in other primates , and the three exceptions do n't contain any genes .
Much of the action instead seems to be happening in areas that may regulate the expression of genes .
There were over 230 changes apparent in the parts of genes that flank the protein - coding section ( the 5 ' and 3 ' UTRs ) .
In the areas that have been identified as Human Accelerated Regions ( HARs ) based on the large differences between humans and chimps , the Neanderthals had the human form 90 percent of the time , but that still left 45 HARs in which humans have picked up significant differences since they diverged from Neanderthals .
Sweeping genes and interbreeding
The authors also went looking for cases where there was evidence of what 's termed a selective sweep , where a useful mutation occurs and spreads through the population , dragging its area of the chromosome along with it .
We can detect these by looking for large chunks of the chromosome that are essentially identical in modern humans , but differ from the Neanderthal versions .
Researchers found over 200 of these .
Many of them appear to contain genes involved with neural development , including DVRK1A ( implicated in Down Syndrome ) , Neuregulin - 3 ( schizophrenia ) , and CADPS2 and AUTS2 ( autism ) .
The authors also point out RUNX2 is part of a selective sweep ; mutations in this gene lead to skeletal deformities in the face and shoulders , areas which differ significantly between humans and Neanderthals .
Of the largest 20 regions that have swept through the genomes of modern humans , five do n't even contain genes .
Given that some of the key differences in the other 15 probably lie outside the coding regions of the genes they contain , the data implicates gene regulation as a significant driver of the evolutionary adaptation in humans .
Those of you who followed the selective sweep link above saw that it was part one of a two - article description , laying out evidence that one gene involved in brain development swept through humans after we picked up the Neanderthal copy through interbreeding .
We 've now got the Neanderthal sequence of that gene , and it does n't look like the human version , so that hypothesis just took a major hit .
At the same time , the genome sequence does provide evidence that humans and Neanderthals have interbred .
This became apparent when the Neanderthal genome was paired against human genomes from different parts of the globe .
The Neanderthal DNA consistently matched European and Asian samples better than it did African ; the difference was small , but consistent .
It suggested that the Neanderthals , which were restricted to Europe and Asia at the time modern humans originated in Africa , had interbred with humans once they began migrating out of Africa .
Because African human populations are older , they tend to have more divergent genomes .
But the human - Neanderthal split is older still , so the authors figured that any areas of the genome where variation was larger in populations outside of Africa may have entered the human genome through interbreeding .
If they did arise through interbreeding , then the non-African segments should match Neanderthals .
Researchers found at least 10 regions that fit these predictions .
Although they can't rule out the possibility that modern humans had already started diverging from Neanderthals before leaving Africa , the research team favors the idea of interbreeding in the Mid-East as the first modern humans left Africa .
This would ensure that both the Asian and European populations picked up some Neanderthal DNA .
Some technical details
Perhaps the most amazing part of the work is that the authors wanted to have a bit more perspective on the geographic differences among modern human populations , so they just did a draft of five more human genomes in order to get it .
That 's where the technology is at now — if it 's helpful to have another genome , you can just go out and get it .
They also took advantage of some of the other genomes that have been done recently , including Craig Venter's .
That leads to some rather unusual phrasing , like " present - day African segments with the lowest divergence to Neandertals have a divergence to Venter that is 35 percent . "
The other indication of the capacity of modern sequencing machines comes from the fact that there simply was n't enough Neanderthal DNA to completely fill a machine 's capacity .
The team had to attach short sequences that acted as barcodes to identify the Neanderthal DNA , and ran it at the same time as other sequencing work in order to avoid wasting time and money by performing a run at less than full capacity .
The Max Planck Institute has also developed a base calling algorithm , called Ibis , that uses machine learning to help it deal with the sorts of damage that is typical in ancient DNA samples .
These can be pretty substantial , too ; if a Cytosine appears at the end of a fragment , 40 percent of the time damage had converted it into a thymidine .
That number dropped the further from the end you got , while other types of damage showed different profiles .
Accounting for all of this is anything but simple , so it 's no surprise that software plays a major role .
Contamination is still a problem — most of the sequence that comes out is still bacterial — but the authors did pilot runs , and only worked with samples that produced a mix of sequences that was greater than 1.5 percent hominin .
To avoid having most of that be human , they did two checks .
The first was to assemble the mitochondrial genomes that came out of the data and ensure that those genomes matched Neanderthal , rather than human , samples .
The second was to take advantage of the fact that their samples seemed to be females ; any sign of a Y - chromosome was an indication of contamination .
There 's another paper in this edition of Science that indicates there 's another way of dealing with contamination : affinity purification .
We know that most Neanderthal sequences are identical to humans , so we can just use DNA chips containing human sequences to purify Neanderthal DNA by affinity .
Right now , we can't make a chip big enough to host the entire human genome ( much less both strands of the double helix for the whole genome ) , so it 's limited to fishing out specific stretches of the genome .
In this particular paper , the authors focused on purifying the specific places in protein - coding DNA that contain differences between humans and chimps .
By having the Neanderthal sequence as well , we can determine how many of these are unique to modern humans .
Science , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1126/science.1188021 ( About DOIs ) .
Listing image by Flickr user harrymuseummatt
There is so much packed into this lede :
WASHINGTON — Senator John Ensign sought financial backing for a troubled Nevada energy company in 2008 , and at the same time he urged the company to hire his mistress ’s husband , according to people involved in the matter .
At the request of the company , P2SA Equity , Mr. Ensign had two senior aides contact one of the nation ’s largest oil pipeline businesses , Kinder Morgan , about forming a partnership , two executives associated with the project said .
Mr. Ensign ’s dealings with P2SA are at the center of a federal criminal inquiry into his efforts to line up lobbying work for Doug Hampton , a former top aide whose wife had an affair with the senator .
Where does one start ?
What 's the most striking thing about this story ?
The fact that John Ensign used his influence as Senator to try to find work for a former top aide ?
The fact that he had an affair with the wife of that aide , and was apparently trying to buy their silence , possibly in violation of both Senate ethics rules and criminal law ?
Or is it the fact that a guy who positions himself as a teabagging conservative sees no problem with throwing his political weight around as he meddles in the business affairs of private companies to help achieve his own personal goals ?
It 's hard to choose , is n't it ?
But the fact that Republicans do n't have a problem with a guy like this says a lot .
Whatever his personal problems might be , John Ensign is using government power to interfere in the financial affairs of private enterprise solely for the purpose of covering up a personal political scandal .
For all the GOP hot air about freedom and liberty and the free market , for all the teabaggers crying about tyranny , it sure does seem like every time someone in their own party uses government power for personal gain , they look the other way .
And yet they still wonder why most Americans do not trust them to handle the nation 's affairs .
Go figure .
[ Haskell - cafe ] Haskell and the Software design process
jaco.van.iterson : > Hi > >
I was just wondering what methods are best to design / model the software in > bigger projects when you are planning to use Haskell . >
Is there no difference compared to other languages ?
Are there any Haskell > tools ? >
I do n't believe anyone has written a " Programming Haskell in the Large " book ( or any other similar functional language ? ? ) , but there is lots of experience in this community working on big , long lived code bases .
Some key points : * reduce the interactions between components by relying on pure interfaces * use types to encode the design into a machine checkable form * use QuickCheck and HPC to ensure property driven development and good coverage * use Hackage packages * use purely functional data structures to model key parts of the world you 're talking to .
Model - driven design with easy to verify logic * picking a good data type ( like a zipper ) will make hundreds of unit tests meaningless -- improving productivity .
* ensure components have ' axiomatic ' interfaces -- reduce complexity by avoiding redundancy * if at all possible ensure your core algorithms and logic are referentially transparent -- this will dramatically simplify maintainanace and QA effort * Use GHC - Wall , QuickCheck , - fhpc , and retainer profiling to ensure space invariants .
* Run a set of QC properties on every commit .
* Avoid partial functions * Avoid side effecting code *
Every bug should be mirrored as a property or type assertion .
The image is a multi- wavelength image of the galaxy NGC 1275 which is a local equivalent to many of the distant massive galaxies studied by Asa Bluck and the other members of the Nottingham / University College London team .
It shows the phenomenal power of supermassive Black Holes to rearrange the gas of a galaxy , and represents a window onto a violent past to the lives of galaxies .
Black holes might kill entire galaxies with blazing energy , dooming embryonic stars before they can get born and condemning the remainingstars to a slow death , scientists have found .
Although nothing can escape from a black hole , before matter fallsinto one , it swirls around to form a disk that heats up as it packs together , radiating energy .
Supermassiveblack holes are thought to reside at the center of almost every galaxy , with some growing to billions of times the mass of our sun .
To see what impactthese monsters might have , researchers relied on data from the Hubble SpaceTelescope and the Chandra X - ray Observatory , looking for galaxies with veryhigh X - ray emissions , a classic signature of black holes devouring gas anddust .
The scientists discovered the accretion disks of super - massiveblack holes in at least one - third of all the massivegalaxies in the universe far outshines the combined output of the hundredsof billions of stars in their host galaxies at some point in their histories .
This outpouring of energy is high enough to strip apart every massive galaxy inthe cosmos 25 times over , while the X - ray emission from them turns out to dwarfthat from every other source in the universe put together .
All this radiation can drive away the gas and dust that serve asthe raw ingredients of new stars , permanently shutting down star formation inthe surrounding galaxy .
The remaining stars age , redden , die and are neverreplaced .
" We are left with a startling picture of the formationhistory of massive galaxies , where dramatic violence in the form of the torrentof radiation from matter falling into blackholes leads to the death of galaxies they inhabit , " said researcher Asa Bluck , an astrophysicist at the University of Nottingham in England .
" Black holes form inside their host galaxies and grow inproportion to them , forming an accretion disc which will eventually destroy thehost , " he added .
" In this sense they can be described as viral innature . "
Still , " massive galaxies are in the minority in our visibleuniverse , " Bluck noted .
" About one in a 1,000 galaxies is thought to be massive , but it may be much less . "
Many other galaxies " would be too small toharbor really massive super - massive black holes , so would be unlikely to havereally dramatic outpourings of radiation leading to the death of galaxies likewe see in many very massive galaxies , " Bluck told SPACE.com .
" However , there is still likely to be some effect from this even in smallsystems . "
When it comes to our own galaxy , " this is actuallyquite a big galaxy , but has an abnormally diminutive centralblack hole , " Bluck noted .
" Currently it is in a quiescent stage ?
not outputting much energy ?
but this could change in the future . "
For instance , " we expect our own galaxy and Andromedato merge in about 4 billion years or so , " Bluck explained .
" If thisends up providing new gas reserves and channeling this gas to the center of ourgalaxy ?
all big ifs ?
then there is a real chance of triggering our dormantblack hole at some point in the distant future . "
" But do n't worry , " he added , " our sun will havesputtered out by then anyway . "
Asa and his colleagues detailed their findings at the RoyalAstronomical Society National Astronomy Meeting in Glasgow on April 16 .
Theywill submit their research to the Monthly Notices of the Royal AstronomicalSociety .
The Website of Pete and Pete Special Guest Stars
These are the notable guest stars who have appeared in the show , listed in alphabetical order .
Java technology , IBM style , Part 6 , A new era in Java technology
Highlights of the Oracle spec and IBM value - adds for performance , reliability , and serviceability
From the developerWorks archives
Chris Bailey
|
The eagerly awaited final release of Java™ SE 7 is expected to include enhancements to all the major aspects of the language and the virtual machine .
Both Oracle and IBM have released Early Access downloads of their respective implementations for review and feedback .
In this article , Chris Bailey , architect of the Java service strategy at the IBM Java Technology Center , introduces some of the changes in store , from both the Oracle specification and the value - add that IBM provides .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
Dear Listeners ,
For more than 15 years , Sound Opinions was a production of WBEZ , Chicago ’s public radio station .
Now that the show is independent , we ’re inviting you to join the band and lend a hand !
We need your support more than ever because now we have to do all the behind - the - scenes work that WBEZ handled before ( like buying insurance and paying for podcast hosting , ugh ) .
Plus , we have some exciting ideas we ’d like to try now that there ’s no one to tell us no !
Please consider becoming a Sound Opinions member by giving whatever you can via Patreon or with a one - time donation through PayPal .
Thanks for listening , and thanks for your support !
The tragedy in West Virginia this week , with the loss of 29 miners , emphasized the dangers that can arise in the production of fossil fuels .
While the United States mines are , in general , much safer than those of many countries around the world , any death is a loss , and so I thought I would write a short series of posts on coal mining , from its origins to the methods of mining that are used today .
Hopefully , as the series progresses , you might get a better understanding of the world in which the modern miner works .
I will throw in a little history , since it helps to explain the evolution of some techniques .
I intend to cover some of the other uses of coal , beyond power plants .
The coal at the Upper Big Branch Mine , for example , is a metallurgical grade coal , used in steel manufacture .
The loss of production from the mine is already having an impact in that market .
So , to begin , I am going to chat a bit about the origins of coal , where it came from , and some of the limits on estimating how much there is , and how much we are going to get out of the ground .
On the occasional morning each week I exercise and watch a video to help pass the time .
About a year ago I watched the Cosmos series with Carl Sagan .
If you get to about 9 minutes into the 10th episode he talks about how the Sun and planets rotate about the galactic center ( the middle of the Milky Way ) at somewhere around 220 km / sec .
( The actual number has recently been increased about 15 % to around 568,000 mph ) .
Bear in mind , however , that speed is generally considered relative to something else and so different numbers can be found .
This means that it takes about 250 million years ( according to Sagan ) for the Sun to circle the center , and as it passes around the center it will move through the four major arms of the galactic structure .
And as it moves through these different zones , so there are different conditions that the Earth and the Solar System encounter and these changes reflect on the conditions that helped form the rocks that are now beneath our feet .
Geologists have been able to divide the history of the Earth into different epochs , with changing conditions leading to different types of rock being deposited , depending on what the surface conditions were at the time .
In those different epochs temperatures varied , with the following plot coming from the Paleomap project .
Basic divisions and temperatures of the geological intervals in the Earth 's rock history .
The period that I want to talk about today is known as the Carboniferous .
It was some 300 million years ago , and so a bit more than one revolution of the Sun around the Galaxy .
Back in those days , about 30 million years before the time of the dinosaurs ( which appeared about that 250 million year ago time when the Sun and us were in about the same relative place as we are now ) the landmass of the planet was much different than it is now , and Continental Drift had not yet got the continents to their current position .
Great Dismal Swamp ( US Fish and Wildlife )
The late Bob Stefanko has written that the Great Dismal Swamp is probably the best current place that represents the type of conditions under which , back in Carboniferous times ( about 355 to 290 million years ago ) the various vegetative fragments fall into the water , and are slowly compressing to form a layer of peat .
The peat layer in the swamp is about 7 ft thick , which may ultimately compress and ultimately convert to about 20 inches of coal .
The swamp is slowly sinking , allowing the vegetative mat to continue to deepen and slowly built to a greater thickness .
The trees , however , back then did not look quite the same as today .
Illustration of a living tree , parts of which were found as a fossil .
Back in the Carboniferous Bob Stephanko noted that the speed at which the layers formed was likely about twice that at which the current Swamp is growing , and that , due to the different levels of pressure required to form them , it would have taken about 160 years to lay down what is now a 1 ft thick layer of lignite ; 260 years for a foot of bituminous , and about 490 years for a foot of anthracite .
Since it is more worthwhile to mine thicker coal , and eight - feet is a nice working height , this would have required about 2,100 years of steady growth to lay down the layer of vegetation that formed the Pittsburgh seam in Pennsylvania .
The original areas over which these forests and swamps grew were vast , and the cycles of deposition grew as the land distorted , with multiple seams being deposited in some cases , and a single thick seam in others .
But how has it survived ?
How much is really there , and how much can we actually produce ?
I thought I would split those questions into several bits , and in this one , I ’d try and explain some of the reasons why , while oil companies often get more oil out of the ground than they anticipate , it is often the other way out when you are mining for coal .
So , consider , if you will , the map from the site above , that shows back in Serpukhovian times that the planet looked a lot different than it does now .
Shape of the world at the time that the coal seams were laid down .
With all the continents together , as they were , they have had to travel a considerable distance over the past 300 - odd million years to get to where they are today .
Along the way they have bumped into each other , and in the process caused mountain ranges to rise , and fall , and there has been quite considerable erosion of the surface between times .
And when the land fell then the seas would deposit more layers of rock , so that the coal as it was formed by the pressure of the rocks that overlay it , and the increase in temperatures that the coal would encounter as it moved deeper into the earth .
These would change the original peat into the different types of coal that we know today .
These start with a brown coal , or lignite .
This is mined today in Texas , among many other places , and the transformation is not yet totally complete .
The color of lignite is usually a very dark brown . . . .
It contains more or less clearly separable pieces of plant material identifiable as lignitized roots leaves , twigs , and tree trunks ; but besides this material there is a considerable amount of earthy to dense , more or less friable material that cannot be identified as a botanical entitiy without the aid of a microscope . ”
With increasing pressure , heat and time , the brown coal ( which often has a very high moisture content ) is transformed into a sub- bituminous coal .
This may have between 42 and 52 % carbon and 19 to 26 magajoules of energy per pound .
That in turn , if the conditions exist , will transform into a denser , harder coal that is the most commonly found around the world , bituminous coal .
And if the pressure continues , then the highest quality coal , anthracite – at 86 - 97 % carbon may be formed .
This latter is relatively rare in coal fields , being less than 0.5 % of the coal in the United States , for example .
Even though the original coal material was laid down horizontally , as the continents moved these rocks became folded and tilted .
Thus , for example , in Washington State beds , and in Colorado coal seams may end up lying at very steep angles .
The geological way of expressing this is to talk about the dip of the seam , that being the maximum angle to the horizontal , while the strike of the seam is the line along the horizontal perpendicular to the dip .
Thus beds in Washington State may dip at between 20 and 60 degrees .
Vertical slice through an area of Washington State showing the way that the coal seams dip .
There are considerable problems when the seam gets to dip more than a few degrees .
Bear in mind that machines do n’t easily move around slopes that are more than fifteen degrees , and you might understand why , for example , it has been very difficult to mechanize the mines of what once were the most productive in the Soviet Union , but now belong to Ukraine .
These are the mines of the Donetsk Coal Basin , where
During the communist era , this region produced most of the Soviet Union 's coal , and reaped the high wages and prestige that came with it .
Statues of miners were erected in squares ; villages were named after famous engineers .
The tide began to turn in the last 20 years of Soviet rule , when the flow of funds from Moscow dried up .
After communism 's fall , the mines were exposed as the money - losers they are , at the same time that economic pressures devastated their customers .
In a decade , the demand for Ukrainian coal dropped 45 percent .
Now Donbass is clinging to the two - thirds of its industry that remains .
Viktor Yanukovich , the regional governor , said in an interview last month that another 30 of the region 's 89 mines would eventually have to close .
But he said he needed at least five years to accomplish that and needed an average of $ 18 million per mine to provide the miners benefits , retrain them and safely close the pits .
" I am not against closing down the mines , " he said .
" But not as it was done before . "
Talk of closure is anathema to Anatoli Goncharov , the director of Gaegova mine , which is located in a bleak village outside Donetsk .
His mine produces 360,000 tons of coal per year , less than half what it did in the mid-1980s .
Because of the steep angle of the seam , half of coal must be extracted by hand , with hammers .
It costs the mine nearly $ 30 to produce a ton of coal -- $ 11.50 more than the coal is selling for .
Even with $ 2.7 million in state subsidies last year , the mine failed to break even .
The Ministry of Fuel and Energy has put it on a list of pits that cannot be saved , the mine director acknowledged .
( Note that the story is from 2002 ) .
At the time the region was being considered as a future source for coal bed methane .
There is , for example , a prospectus as part of the methane to markets program .
Coal seams can be mined as deep as 4,500 ft , but the methane and other problems ( including keeping the roof from falling in ) have made these difficult conditions to work in , so that while there is still coal in the ground , it is becoming increasingly uneconomic , under present conditions , to extract it .
So one of the first problems that the mining engineer has in determining whether to count coal as a reserve is whether or not it is either practical or economic to mine it .
This means that , in general , it must be machine mineable , since the productivity of a human miner is no longer sufficient , in many countries , to cover the costs of labor and support .
The second problem is to ensure that there is enough of it .
And so before deciding to mine the company will drill cores down to the coal seam over the planned area that will be mined .
These do n’t , at first sight , need to be that close , since the initial intent is just to see what is there and that it goes out far enough to make it worth while to sink the mining shaft ( which costs several million dollars ) .
However , even the best attempts at accuracy with this planning do not necessarily work out .
Consider for example , the case of the mine at Glenrothes in Scotland .
The primary reason for the designation of Glenrothes was to house miners who were to work at a new super coal mine .
This was to be the most modern of the day and was built west of Thornton , an established village south of Glenrothes .
The Super Pit was named the Rothes Colliery and it was officially opened by the Queen in 1957 .
Iconic photographs of the young Queen going down the Rothes Colliery in an all - white boiler suit and helmet are still regularly shown in programmes about the royal family .
About 5,000 miners were to be required to produce 5,000 tonnes of coal per day , and huge railway yards were established .
The pit was to have a working life of 100 years .
The planned long - term benefits were to be huge , and the driver for economic regeneration for central Fife .
In 1961 , 4 years after opening , the huge investment was written off and the mine run down because of un -stemmable flooding .
There were actually a couple of problems at the mine that could not easily have been foreseen by the drilling pattern .
If you look back up at the picture of the Washington coal seams you will see the almost vertical line in the middle of the picture , with the black lines representing the coal seams vertically offset one from the other on either side of it .
This is what is called a “ fault ” , and over the course of time the rock was moved to the point that it broke here and created this fracture in the ground .
The rock then moved on one side relative to the other .
( Like , on a very small scale , the movement that occurs across a major Earth fault when there is an earthquake ) .
You have mined to x and meet a fault , did the coal go to a or b ?
How do you know ?
With the movement the rock that lies along the fault gets crushed , which can make it easier for water to flow through .
So that if some of the rock , on either side of the coal seam , contained water , then when the mining operation reached to fault , then water could flow through the fault into the mine .
There is also another problem .
Say you are in charge of the driving of the tunnel that reaches the fault .
Suddenly , in front of you , the coal turns into rock .
You realize that you have hit a fault , but which way did the coal go – did the ground hade ( move ) down , or up .
The rational way to find out is to drill up or down until you find where it went .
Well that takes time , and money , but the worst is n’t over yet .
Now you have to move the mining operation that say 20 ft that the coal has moved up .
This means driving tunnels upwards , then moving the equipment up , and then recreating the mining pattern , and then moving on .
All this development has been in rock , so you have n’t been earning any money from the area while this was going on .
And if the difference in height is too great , then the area is abandoned for the time being .
What happened at Glenrothes was that the ground had a lot of these very small faults .
They were not apparent from the initial cores , which were quite widely spaced , but over a period of four years they were found sufficiently often , and with a lot of water in them , that it became uneconomic to continue to operate the mine .
The mine was estimated to have reserves of 183 million tons of coal , to be able to produce a million tons a year , and to have an operational life of 100 years .
In the five years of its life it produced around 700,000 tons in total .
( The full story of the mine – which had many problems that I have glossed over – can be found in The Disappearing Scottish Colliery by Robert Halliday . )
There are a couple of other problems that happened at Genrothes that are also fairly common , but that can make life miserable for the miner .
Let us go back to when the coal was first still vegetation in the swamp .
Swamps are not great flat growing areas that are all even .
Streams work their way through , cutting channels through the peat and filling them , often with sand , or other material washed down from local hills .
There are dirt hillocks and , after storms the land might be flooded with layers of silt , that can be feet thick .
Now move forward some 300 million years .
The sand and silt have turned into sandstone and shale , but they did not compress as much as the vegetation .
So now instead of there being a nice 8 - ft thick seam which the miner has a machine to extract , the coal has a layer of rock in the middle ( the silt layer ) that is about a foot thick , but that wanders up and down in the seam , and then gets thicker , as it approaches an old river channel so that the two sections of the seam are now about four feet apart .
The mining machine grinds off the coal with picks but when these start to run into rock they wear away very quickly , so that mining slows down and becomes more expensive .
And then the machine reaches the sandstone filled river channel and things get just a little more difficult .
When two fours are not as good as one eight .
Now the coal is still there , there are a lot of tools to help get it mined that were not around at the time of Glenrothes , and it is not really necessary in all cases that miners be physically present at the machine when it is mining .
But some of the time we still have n’t got the answers that would bring some of this coal back to the point where it is considered a reserve .
And there is some doubt , therefore , as to what we call a reserve and what not .
But we ’ll leave that discussion to another day .
Apricot Irving grew up on a missionary compound in Limbe , in the north of Haiti , and visits the missionary hospital there .
It 's pretty well stocked and staffed but , oddly , kind of a ghost town .
Meanwhile , a rural Haitian - run clinic 5 miles away , without anywhere near the resources of the missionary hospital , is packed with people .
Apricot spends time with the American doctor who used to head the missionary hospital but left in order to help foster a " new " Haiti at the Haitian - run clinic .
Apricot Irving is writing a memoir about her experiences growing up on the missionary compound .
She 's currently looking for a publisher .
( 13 minutes )
The real hope of economic peace
Everybody knows the core issues between Israelis and Palestinians , except for the one that will matter the most and can be acted on immediately , before any comprehensive deal ; the one where Israel ’s concessions will not compromise its security but enhance it .
I am speaking of Palestine ’s economy , specifically , its private sector , the driver of civil society and spine of any future state .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu talks about " economic peace , " but seems to mean little more than giving Palestinian laborers more jobs in Israeli agriculture and construction projects .
What Palestinians need , rather , are entrepreneurs , managers , and professionals with the freedom to build a growing node in an urban and global network .
The latter have made a remarkable start , but the occupation is thwarting them in ways few outsiders appreciate .
Yes , land claims , especially the division of sovereignty in Jerusalem , compensation for Palestinian refugees , etc. , have great symbolic importance to both peoples .
Yes , Jewish settlements confound efforts to draw borders and should be frozen ; yes , moderates on both sides confront " whole land " fanatics they would rather not fight for the sake of the other side .
Still , if we ever get to a deal , the size of each territory will quickly seem trivial .
Israel and Palestine , together , are about the size of greater Los Angeles ; the distance from Nablus to Tel Aviv is something like San Bernardino to Santa Monica .
The West Bank and Gaza , Palestinians say , is only 22 percent of historic Palestine .
But that is about the size of the territory most Israelis live on .
In fact , the corridor from Ashdod to north of Tel Aviv–where 40 percent of Israelis live , and at least half of Israel ’s GDP is generated –is about the size of the Gaza Strip .
Can we get real about what " two states " will look like ?
Each side will be a culturally distinct city - state , building upwards , integrated with the other in a business ecosystem extending to Jordan , and sharing everything from water to currency , tourists to bandwidth .
Over 80 percent of Palestine ’s trade is with Israel .
What wo n’t seem trivial is the capacity of Palestine ’s economy –currently one - fortieth of Israel ’s–to create employment .
The mean age of Palestinians in the territories is about 19 years old .
If we assume normal rates of growth , and the return of only half of the refugees to a Palestinian state , Palestine would soon become an Arabic - speaking metropolis of perhaps 6 million to 7 million people , radiating east from Jerusalem , and facing off against the Hebrew - speaking metropolis , anchored by Tel Aviv .
Olive groves , picturesque as they are , will seem beside the point .
So will military notions like strategic depth .
The good news is that the Palestinian private sector , though small , is prepared for a take - off .
There is a tight - knit , highly competent Palestinian business class already running enterprises from pharmaceuticals to supermarkets , telecommunications to software solutions .
Palestine ’s billion dollar sovereign wealth fund , the PIF , has been investing strategically in construction and wireless telecommunications ; it is transparently run by Mohammed Mustafa , a former World Bank official , close to Prime Minister Salaam Fayyad–in effect , the Ramallah bourgeoisie ’s chairman of the board .
The Palestinian stock market lists companies worth only about $ 2.5 billion , but it has been growing at over 20 percent a year .
Palestinian universities graduate 1,200 computer scientists annually .
The Palestinian Authority gets about $ 2 billion from donor countries a year , a large portion of it wasted on patronage jobs .
Part of what has stifled entrepreneurship is old Fatah cadres running monopolies from cement to petroleum .
But public sector salaries , along with remittances from family members working abroad , at least wind up in bank deposits .
Bank of Palestine CEO Hashim Shawa estimates that about $ 6 billion in total deposits are available for investment in genuinely competitive ventures .
At least twice that amount is in Palestinian - controlled banks in Jordan .
Regional investors know Palestinians are relatively well educated and need one of everything .
Which brings us to the bad news .
Revealingly , Palestinian banks have been unable to lend more than $ 1.5 billion to credit - worthy business plans .
For when you look at all of the things an ordinary businessperson takes for granted –mobility , access to markets , talent , suppliers and financial services –you see the frustrating effects of an occupation designed to advance the settlers , not Palestinian development .
Problems of mobility are most widely reported : over 60 percent of land in the West Bank is so - called Area C–controlled by the Israeli army to secure Israeli settlements , but turning Palestinian cities into economic islands .
Try growing a supermarket chain when your just - in - time logistics system has to deal with 600 roadblocks ; try planning meetings to open a new store .
The drive from Ramallah to Jerusalem should take about 12 minutes , but with the checkpoints , it ’s normally an hour , and that ’s if you have permission .
A Palestinian businessman routinely waits a half day just to collect an Israeli permit to enter Jerusalem and begin the journey .
The World Bank estimates that , in spite of a projected 6 - 7 percent growth , per capita GDP is falling and unemployment may be as high 20 percent .
But other problems are just as serious .
Businesses need world - class managers , who have to be able to travel freely .
Entrepreneurs from the Palestinian diaspora , if born abroad , have to fight for years to get residency permits .
The handful who succeed cannot then use Ben Gurion Airport or come to Jerusalem , but suffer the same restrictions as locals .
Components for Palestinian manufacturing are routinely held up in Israel ports , waiting for long security checks .
( One Palestinian aluminum window manufacturer , denied a coating material that could be used to make explosives , offered to pay for IDF soldiers to supervise the entire process . )
Palestinian banks cannot park their cash reserves in Israeli banks , losing tens of millions of dollars in interest .
They also cannot set up branches or even ATMs in East Jerusalem , where unemployment is over 25 percent and 50 percent live under the poverty line .
I visited Ramallah ’s $ 350 million Palestinian cell phone company , Jawwal , now facing real competition from the PIF - funded Wataniya .
The CEO , Ammar Aker ( recently promoted to run the $ 900 million parent company , Paltel ) , took me to the roof of his modern building and showed me what he sees .
On one hill to the north is a settlement in Area C brandishing the tower of an Israeli operator , Cellcom .
To the south is another settlement with another tower .
Cellcom gets about 10.5 megahertz of spectrum ; Jawwal about 4.8 ( spectrum , too , is a " security " asset ) .
To get 3G and continuous coverage –what every Palestinian entrepreneur needs –you need to add a plan from an Israeli carrier .
Prime Minister Netanyahu has been bragging about Palestine ’s growth .
But under current conditions , the resilience of its private sector seems little short of heroic .
Surely , he must know there are things that must be done now .
Israel should be inviting , not prohibiting , Palestinian entrepreneurs to come to the West Bank and invest .
It should be greatly expanding the number of permits for businesspeople to come to Jerusalem .
It should be allowing banks to operate here , thus stopping the city ’s brain drain to Amman and Dubai .
It should be assigning security forces to work with PA forces to expedite Palestinian supply chains .
It should be authorizing the development of a secure , north - south transportation corridor linking Palestinian cities , perhaps picking up on the Rand Corporation ’s brilliant idea of an " arc " of bus and rail lines .
It should be releasing more bandwidth for Palestinian telecom , and restricting Israeli competition in Area C .
Netanyahu could do all of this today without endangering Israelis or even removing settlers yet .
With so many Palestinians under 20 , the economic disparities so great , and the territory so small , what can be more dangerous than continued stagnation ?
Bernard Avishai , adjunct professor of business at Hebrew University , is the author of The Hebrew Republic : How Secular Democracy and Global Enterprise Will Bring Israel Peace At Last .
He blogs at www.bernardavishai.com.
The Supreme Court justices are a bright bunch .
But chances are you 're not going to see them at next January 's CES show or ever watch them on a Web video demonstrating how to create apps for the iPhone .
That much was driven home , it seems , during today 's oral arguments in the case City of Ontario v. Quon .
The case examines whether a California ...
For Facebook 's next act , the social networking site will break free of its domain and let you " like " things all over the Web , according to two news reports .
The New York Times and the Financial Times tell a similar story based on unnamed sources : Facebook wants to expand beyond its core site with a " like " button that Web developers can embed in their pages .
Yes , it 's yet another media sharing tool in the style of Digg and Reddit -- it just happens to be aligned with the second - biggest Web site in the United States .
A Digg Killer ?
A lot of sites already use a " share " button to connect with Facebook , letting users post links to their news feed , but a " like " button seems more in line with the simple inter action offered by Digg .
In other words , your commitment starts and ends with a simple thumbs up .
It also could allow interaction with non-editorial sites , as the New York Times suggests
Yelp could use the " like " feature to show users how many of their friends enjoyed a restaurant or business .
That said , we do n't yet know exactly how the concept will work .
Does liking a page automatically create a news item for your Facebook friends , or is there some other way for Facebook to determine which liked stories get shared ?
The rise of Twitter and Facebook have hurt Digg 's popularity , but part of the site 's allure is its anonymity , and sharing among random strangers .
Facebook is all about interacting with your friends .
Still , the sheer volume of people using Facebook could quickly cement the " like " button as the premiere way to share Web content .
Privacy Issues , Of Course
It seems like any time Facebook does anything , privacy is part of the discussion .
That 's likely to be the case here , as some marketers tell the Financial Times that they 'll use " like " information to target ads at users .
Analysts tell the New York Times that privacy concerns are possible as shares more details about users with external Web sites , though that seems like a more general issue than a specific flaw in the " like " service .
Facebook denies that it will use the service to track users across the Web , saying that it bases ads only on information users fill out in their profiles .
" We have no announcements or changes planned to our ad offering and policies , " a Facebook representative told the Financial Times .
More " Like " in More Places
Back on Facebook.com , " like " will be implemented in advertisements , replacing the " become a fan " functionality for brands , says the Financial Times .
It 's not clear what this means for the messages and news postings you get in exchange for brand fandom .
Again , liking something seems more casual than becoming a fan , so I 'm a bit skeptical that one feature is completely replacing the other .
We 'll see what happens at F8 , Facebook 's conference on Wednesday where it's expected to announce the new features .
Dr Albert A. Bartlett [ H / T Xxxl ] gave a lecture , now captured on youtube [ if you look at nothing else , at least look at Part Two from 5:35 ] :
Parts One – Two – Three – Four – Five – Six – Seven – Eight
… in which he makes a strong case that key influencers of opinion , e.g. governments , their advisers or scientists are simply not doing the maths necessary to create a true scenario from which people can judge more accurately .
He says :
“ The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to understand the exponential function . ”
He speaks of “ doubling time ” , by which you take a steady growth rate and divide it into 70 to give you years .
Thus , if you have a 7 % growth rate , this would take 10 years to double the overall amount .
Simple maths , he calls it .
He uses the example of the potentate who wanted to reward a mathematician and the mathematician asked for one grain of wheat on the first square of the chessboard , two on the second , four on the third and so on .
As you know , the result became 2 to the 64th power minus 1 .
So , in the area of fossil fuels , there is a certain amount available , even counting new discoveries but essentially , it is finite .
You can predict increased need , based on previous need but that does not take into account exponential population growth .
It ’s a measure of people ’s minds that Part One of his talk had 1,391,626 viewers but by Part Five , it was down to 121,659 .
One other reason he might not have been watched all the way through was that he is a Malthusian and that is a trigger word , creating all sorts of hostile reaction .
Essentially , the problem is not Malthus and his carefully worded theories on population but the “ Applied Malthusians ” who have developed the neo-Marxist “ sustainability ” hoax which grips the UN and all major blocs , e.g. the EU and the Gorites .
Engels called Malthus ’s hypothesis “ the crudest , most barbarous theory that ever existed ’ [ Wiki ] and Marx simply misunderstood , as he did in most of his social and economic theory , by seeing “ the reserve army of labour ” resulting .
Malthus argu[ed ] that population growth generally expanded in times and in regions of plenty until the size of the population relative to the primary resources caused distress … [ he ] put more emphasis on moral restraint .
By that he meant the postponement of marriage until people could support a family , coupled with strict celibacy until that time .
[ Wiki ] .
That would be a most efficacious thing in our prostituted society today .
The trouble , as many know , was that the evildoers of the world , the sociopaths , seized on his ideas to promote eugenics , the theory of constant war , the supremacy of the fittest , the efficacy of AIDS and other pestilence and so on .
Prince Philip is one of these and it is significant that he does not include himself , nor do any of the others secretly promoting this neo -Malthusianism , within the expendable portion of the population .
In real terms , this is precisely what the global elite is doing now – shoring up their own positions and to hell with the riff - raff .
This is what the Albion Alliance is tangentially connected with opposing and one of Bartlett ’s statements was that population growth is inimical to democracy .
One of his slides read :
In this , he is right and his maths is right and his conclusions are right but the top two questions still remain :
1 . How to reduce population ;
2 . Who is to die ?
You see where this is at and you also see how the politicians , EU bureaucrats , CFR , TLC and so on are all thinking , why there are havens in Switzerland and bunkers under the Appalachian Mountains .
Bartlett disposes , through simple Maths , of certain notions :
This relates to why spokespeople are talking absolute rot and giving false figures to assuage discomfort that not only ca n’t we sustain ourselves but that the 50 years or so spoken of is highly optimistic .
He points to a whole climate of opinion being churned out , even by scientists and that it is quite demonstrably , mathematically … wrong .
He cites examples .
He asks :
He then gets into the solution becoming the next problem , mentioning the River Nile .
For millennia , it flooded and deposited alluvial silt into the fertile , food growing areas .
Then man began to interfere with his clever solutions .
He built the Aswan Dam which produced clear water , as intended but also sent it down , in lesser quantities , to the fertile belt .
Minus nutrients , the crops suffered and so another artificial solution had to be found – adding nutrients , which themselves had cost energy to produce and now set off or accompanied another string of side - effects , including little bugs which burrowed into the feet of anyone in that water .
And so on .
The solution becomes the new problem .
This is Tower of Babel stuff – the infernal [ and I use the word deliberately ] arrogance of Man who thinks he can outreach nature and unlock all her secrets , e.g. via the LHC .
He cannot conceptualize that there are failsafes in nature , many of which are only slowly being recognized and / or discovered .
It ’s the old adage that a little knowledge is a dangerous thing .
It can also be applied to Labour ’s social experiment in the UK which went all pear - shaped .
It can be applied wherever Man interferes and the place he interferes the most is through governments and the people behind them – the global elitists .
Tied in with this is the notion , militating against the Darwinian concept of natural selection , that every single mutation must be preserved because of this false construct of “ impossible equality ” and that this backwashes into the gene pool and causes problems further down the line .
This last statement of mine , as you ’d have noted , sails awfully close to the wind of eugenics and there ’s the rub .
We have a problem of population , no doubt about it but the solutions put forward by Them are completely anathema to the left - liberal and unacceptable , in their current form , to the rationalist with a conscience .
In any morally acceptable way , the solution of the EU globalists , revolving around the logical conclusion from the Malthusian premises :
1. Subsistence severely limits population - level
2 . When the means of subsistence increases , population increases
… is anathema , not least because those proposing it do not see themselves as part of the subsistence class .
The new proletariat , consisting of the current poor , together with the former middle - class , can do all the subsisting and dying in sufficient numbers through the old favourites – war , famine , pestilence – to bring the population to within “ acceptable limits ” .
You see , we are not in a dystopic novel here – we are coming into a dystopic reality , even as we read .
We need to ensure that , even if we cannot find an acceptable solution to population growth and diminishing resources , then we apply a Marxist solution and distribute the misery equally to all … including and especially to Them .
A society “ fair for all ” , is n’t that right ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Dozens of Chinese miners trapped in a flooded pit for more than a week have been rescued and brought to the surface , Chinese state media says .
The Wangjialing mine in Shanxi province flooded after miners broke a wall into an abandoned shaft on 28 March .
State media says so far 114 of the 153 missing miners have been rescued .
TV pictures showed survivors being taken to hospitals amid jubilant scenes .
Correspondents say the rescue is rare good news for the industry .
Chinese mines are notorious for fatal accidents .
Some 3,000 people have been working round the clock for eight days to try to pump out water and reach the trapped miners .
Eyes covered
The first survivors were brought to the surface shortly after midnight on Monday ( 1400 GMT on Sunday ) .
ANALYSIS Damian Grammaticas , Beijing
This is a country with a very poor mine safety record and this was looking like being one of the worst accidents in recent years .
Now there are very relieved local officials pulling men out alive .
But still there are very serious questions being asked because this was meant to be a more modern , more safe mine .
There were warning signs which managers apparently ignored of this possible flood .
And there could still be dozens of deaths if the unaccounted for miners are not brought out alive .
A crowd of people outside the entrance of the mine clapped as an initial group of nine miners were carried out one by one .
The workers were placed in waiting ambulances and their eyes covered to prevent damage from the light after spending about a week in darkness .
More and more miners were then brought to the surface , as state television monitored the rescue .
By 0615 GMT ( 0715 BST ) a total of 114 miners had been rescued , it said .
Provincial governor Wang Jun said that " two miracles " had occurred .
" The first is that these trapped people have made it through eight days and eight nights - this is the miracle of life .
Secondly our rescue plan has been effective - this is a miracle in China 's search and rescue history , " he told China Central Television .
Liu Qiang , chief medical officer at the Linfen hospital in Shanxi province , said the miners were suffering from low body temperature , severe skin infection from staying in water for such a long period of time and severe dehydration .
He said that some were still in shock from their experiences .
One of the survivors , Li Guoyu , 38 , from Henan province in central China , told Xinhua news agency the miners had gone without water because they were worried about drinking the dirty liquid flowing in the tunnel .
CHINA'S WORST MINE DISASTERS Nov 2009 : Xinxing mine , Heilongjiang province - 108 dead Dec 2007 : Rui Zhiyuan mine , Shanxi province - 105 dead Aug 2007 : Xintai City , Shandong province - 181 dead Nov 2005 : Dongfeng mine , Heilongjiang - 171 dead Feb 2005 : Sunjiawan mine , Liaoning province - 210 dead Nov 2004 : Chenjiashan mine , Shaanxi province - 166 dead Sept 2000 : Muchonggou mine , Guizhou province - 162 dead May 1960 : Laobaidong mine , Shanxi province - 684 dead
In pictures : China rescue
The BBC's Damian Grammaticas in Beijing says television reports spoke of the survivors attaching themselves by belts to the wall of the mine as waters rushed in .
They hung there for three days until a mine cart drifted by and they got in .
Thousands of rescuers had been helping to pump water from the mine , which had been under construction .
Water levels in the pit had dropped 10 metres ( 30 ft ) by Sunday , officials said .
Hopes rose on Friday when rescuers heard what sounded like people banging on pipes from within the mine .
A total of 153 people were said to have been trapped underground , but families say this is an underestimate as many more were working in the mine at the time .
Earlier this week , a preliminary investigation found that officials had ignored water leaks prior to the accident .
China , which relies heavily on coal to fuel its economy , has some of the most dangerous mines in the world .
Most mining accidents in China are blamed on failures to follow safety rules .
The government has stepped up efforts to improve safety in the mining industry in recent years , by enforcing regulations and taking measures to close unregulated mines .
According to official figures , 2,631 coal miners died in 1,616 mine accidents in China in 2009 , down 18 % from the previous year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Every morning on the pavement just outside our house in Saigon 's District 1 a vendor arranged eight tiny plastic stools around a makeshift cooker .
There , from about 630 until 10 in the morning , she served order after order of op la ( fried eggs cooked with various sausages ) .
Back then Dave worked a different sort of job , one that required a shirt and tie and his presence at an office from an early hour , so we did n't partake often .
But when we did , we marveled at the perfectection of her sunny - side - up eggs : lightly crispy on the bottom , whites just past the point of jiggly , and yolks runny enough to generously stain the baguette we ate alongside .
After we left Saigon in 2005 that op la served as our fried eggs gold standard -- until , on this last trip back , we were introduced to the op la at Hoa Ma Quan .
This 40 - year - old establishment occupies a typically long , narrow corner shop in District 3 .
Tables overflow its small space onto the alley outside .
And on Saturdays and Sundays and before office hours on weekdays , they 're filled with folks digging into op la .
Hoa Ma Quan opened as a banh mi shop ( we 'll have more to say on that specialty later ) .
The proprietress , who moved with her family from Hanoi , can still be found behind the counter taking money and making change while her daughters split and stuff baguettes .
At Hoa Ma Quan they do things the old - fashioned way , which means that most banh mi and op la ingredients -- mayonnaise , pate , and many of the sausages -- are made in house .
Baguettes are kept warm in an oven heated with charcoal .
All of this attention to detail makes for an op la that is a cut above the average .
Think Western - style bacon and eggs given a twist and a leg up courtesy of Vietnamese culinary ingenuity .
The eggs arrive in individual pans , yolks done just so and bottoms browned and crackly .
Nestled in the egg whites are slices of pork sausage and a few chunks of a bacon-ish meat that , unlike many lesser pork products , really taste of the pig .
Triangles of chewy gluten browned in pork fat add an intriguing textural dimension .
The op la is served with a plate of sliced tomatoes and cucumbers and a bit of bracing carrot pickle .
And , of course , a big warm , crusty baguette .
There 's only one way to improve upon Hoa Ma Quan 's op la , and that is to order it with a side of pate ( smooth , mild , and very porky ) and mayonnaise ( impossibly rich and eggy ) .
We allternated bites of egg and sausage and baguette dipped in runny yolk with bits of bread spread smeared with pate and freshly made mayonnaise .
I thought I 'd died and gone to heaven .
A couple of weeks ago , this was my birthday breakfast .
And I could n't help but imagine that starting the day with pate must be an auspicious way to start a new year .
Hoa Ma Quan , 53 Cao Thang , District 3 . 6 am - 12 pm ( officially -- they close up shop when the run out of supplies , which can be as early as 1030 am ) .
-- Posted Wednesday , 28 April 2010 | | Source : GoldSeek.com
By Bix Weir First of all , I must admit that I am one of those " Conspiracy Nuts " who loves to read meaning into the back of the US $ 1 bill like I 'm trying to solve a centuries old puzzle .
The " All Seeing Eye " , the pyramid , " One World Government " , Masonic symbols , the implications of the Latin words , even the words " In God We Trust " added in 1955 ... all of it ... I 'm a big fan of secret meaning .
Just Google " US Dollar Hidden Meaning " and you will find almost EVERY INTERPRETATION you can imagine .
Since I do n't know which is true ... I tend to believe ALL OF THEM .
More fun that way .
If you think this is all hogwash and there is no meaning to the back of the $ 1 bill ... " Duh , it 's just a nice picture " ... then this article is not for you .
So , of course , I was more than excited when the new $ 100 bill was FINALLY announced and IT HAD ALL THAT GOLD ON IT !
I admit that I am slightly biased on this .
One of the central themes of my work at the Road to Roota Letters is that there is a group of people working to end the fiat money system and return the US back to the Gold Standard .
For those unfamiliar with the concept read : The Road to Roota Theory http://www.roadtoroota.com/public/190.cfm
A subscriber tipped me off years ago that the new $ 100 bill would be " special " when it finally got released and he was n't lying .
I LOVE this bill !
Check out how it turns gold in the light ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zEabYIStM8Y
Again , the " Golden Light " lines up exactly with Roota 's " colored flowers " in the Fed Boston 's comic " Wishes and Rainbows " .
Flip through the comic and look at all the " Golden Light " references !
http://www.bos.frb.org/education/pubs/wishes.htm
Ok .
So it may be a coincidence and I may have an over active imagination but bare with me while we explore further .
Take a real close look at the new bill keeping in mind that the US has a special history of hidden meaning behind their bills and there 's a real possibility of a currency crash ( with a return to the Gold Standard ) in the very near future .
Let 's start with the most glaring difference even from the other new colored bills : that huge Blue Stripe down the right center .
For those not familiar with the symbology of the American flag colors : Red symbolizes Hardiness and Valor , White symbolizes Purity and Innocence and Blue represents Vigilance , Perseverance and Justice .
Is it possible that the big Blue Stripe may have more significance that you might expect ?
When it comes to monetary theory there are really only two serious camps .
The first believes in fiat / paper money and the second believes in " hard money " backed by gold .
Let�s assume these two opposing ideologies are represented on this bill .
Look closely at the left side of the Blue Stripe .
Let 's say the left side represents the fiat / paper money camp .
There is no new coloring at all just the same ole drab green .
The same ole fiat money .
It 's all there ... the words " Federal Reserve Note " , the Official Fed Seal , Ooo .. looks like the US Treasury Secretary signature has been moved from the right to the left side ( come on ... which camp did you think Geithner would be put in ?! ) .
And for you currency buffs , even Benjamin Franklin is positioned on the left of the Blue Stripe with that quizzical grin ... why you ask ?
Well , not many know it but Ben Franklin was a BIG supporter of paper money in his day .
Do n't get me wrong , he was a great and loyal American who was very much anti-banker but in his day the battle was reversed .
It was the English bankers who were all about forcing the colonists onto a Gold / Silver standard but Franklin knew that the overseas trade would leave no physical money for the colonies to conduct domestic commerce with .
It was probably the TRUE cause of the American Revolution !
Here 's a good representation of what happened : http://21stcenturycicero.wordpress.com/fraud/how-benjamin-franklin-made-new-england-prosperous/
Truthfully , it 's high time we rewrite the all the US History books and tell the world the REAL STORY .
The American Revolution was actually ...
A REBELLION AGAINST THE BANKSTERS !
Back to the " Greenback " ...
So you can see that everything on the left side of the new $ 100 bill relates to the continuance of fiat money .
Now let 's look at the right side of that Blue Stripe ... the " Vigilance , Perseverance and Justice " side !
OH MY GOODNESS ... GOLD GALORE !!
A Gold Ink Well , Gold Liberty Bell , Gold Feather Pen , Gold " 100 " , Gold Watermark , Gold Writing in the background , Gold " July 4 , 1776 " ... there 's even a HUGE gold " 100 " on the back of the right side .
The right side of this bill is so full of gold it will probably droop when you hand it to the cashier !
Here 's my take on all the Gold symbolism : - The US has long prepared to return to a Gold Standard and the time has come .
- The Gold Ink Well symbolizes the power of Congress to pass laws that can dismantle the Fiat Money System with the stoke of a pen . - The Gold Liberty
Bell within the ink well symbolizes Congresses ability to write laws that destroy the banking cabal 's strangle hold on the Liberty of citizens in the United States .
- Notice the words " THIS NOTE IS LEGAL TENDER FOR ALL DEBTS , PUBLIC AND PRIVATE " has also been moved from the left to the right side ( or the gold standard side ! ) -
And now my favorite ... look at the wording right above the " 100 " on the far right .
Do you see it ? " ... the People to alter or abolish it , and to institute new ... "
That , my friends , comes directly from our Declaration of Independence and says the following : " That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new Government , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to affect their Safety and Happiness . "
Has there ever been a time in the last 100 years that the people were more ready to " alter or abolish " our government ?!
Can " They " make it more obvious ... GET READY FOR A GOLD STANDARD !
The odd fact that the US Treasury chose to " anti-counterfeit " the $ 100 bill last is very telling .
The US $ 100 is the MOST counterfeited bill in the world by far .
So much so that the fake bills even have their own name ... the " SUPERDOLLAR " or " SUPERNOTE " .
The announcement said the $ 100's will be released on Feb 10 , 2011 .
Why wait so long ?
In this video it sure looks like they are in full production already .
( what 's with the " Wizard of Oz-esque " green drapes ?
No , I wo n't run with that ! )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUALVgbyZ84&feature=player_embedded
Oh , did you notice that the bill in all the sample photos was printed in " SERIES 2009 " ?
I believe that the new $ 100's are ready to go and HAVE BEEN READY SINCE THE ONSET OF THE CREDIT CRISIS !
They were waiting for the crash and the return to a gold standard .
With this announcement they might as well say ... WE ARE READY TO COLLAPSE THE SYSTEM !!
The monetary camps split by the Blue Stripe , the Liberty Bell in the Gold Inkwell , the quotes of overthrowing the government , the delayed implementation of the $ 100 bill ...
Get ready for a Gold Standard because we are just about there !
May the Road you choose be the Right Road .
For more secret insights into our monetary system read the � Letter� archives at : http://www.roadtoroota.com/public/department36.cfm
Bix Weir www.RoadtoRoota.com
-- Posted Wednesday , 28 April 2010 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Previous Articles
CULVER CITY , Calif . —
Nearly a hundred people gathered Jan. 29 at the Veterans Memorial Building here , with all seats filled and a standing crowd in the back of the building ’s garden room auditorium , to hear Father Roy Bourgeois and Sister Judy Vaughan speak on the controversial topic of women ’s ordination and gender equality in the Catholic Church .
Sister Judy Vaughan is founder and director of Alexandria House , a long - term transitional residence and center for women and children .
Father Bourgeois has been a priest for 38 years and is best known for his work with the School of the Americas Watch ( SOAW ) , a non-violent organization that exposes the U.S. - based school , once called School of the Americas , and its role in training Latin American soldiers in repressive tactics and deploying them throughout the region .
Fr. Bourgeois founded the SOAW in 1990 after the killings of Jesuit nuns and Salvadoran Archbishop Oscar Romero in the 1980 ’s , but his conscious awakening and calling to priesthood happened immediately after his experience serving in Vietnam .
He joined the Maryknoll Society , an American Catholic organization , and traveled to La Paz , Bolivia , where he was ordered to leave the country after speaking out against the oppressive government of General Hugo Banzer Suarez , which arrested , tortured and killed many dissidents .
From there he went to El Salvador .
After witnessing numerous human rights abuses that the Salvadoran government , with the financial support and military tactical aid of the United States government , committed against its own population and fellow members of foreign religious organizations , Bourgeois focused on where these soldiers were receiving their training : the School of the Americas .
The SOAW grew from a handful of protesters to hundreds , and eventually into over 20,000 members today – with international recognition .
Bourgeois has been nominated as a candidate for the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize because of his committed work with the SOAW .
The School of the Americas , feeling national and international pressure , changed its name in 2001 to the Western Hemispheric Institute for Security Cooperation ( WHISC ) .
Further pressure lead to the 2008 Defense Appropriations Bill mandate that the school release a list of all its graduates and instructors .
It is a long list that includes former Bolivian dictator Suarez , and Honduran General Romeo Vásquez Velásquez , who was a vital player in the recent coup there that ousted President Manuel Zelaya in June 2009 .
The list can be found on the School of the America ’s Watch website : www.soaw.org.
Rep. Jim McGovern ( D - Mass. ) is reintroducing the bill “ The Latin American Military Training Review Act , ” HR 2567 , which will seek out immediate suspension and investigation of the school .
It will be voted on this spring .
On Jan. 27 , four SOAW members were convicted for trespassing at the school in Fort Benning , Ga. , and sentenced to serve six month sentences in federal prison .
The four were part of the mass protest and nonviolent civil disobedience that SOAW holds there every year in November .
Shifting focus away from the school and redirecting it to the Catholic Church ’s stance on rejecting women the right to become ordained priests is a new call , but an injustice just the same .
There will never be justice in the Catholic Church unless women are allowed to be ordained , said Bourgeois .
“ Who are we to say that a woman ’s call [ to priesthood ] is n’t valid ? ” said Bourgeois .
God initiates the call to priesthood , and like racism , sexism is a sin , he added .
His stance on women ’s right to ordination garnered more attention after being invited to Janice Sevre - Duszynska , a SOAW supporter and once prisoner , ordination in Lexington , Ky. , which he participated in .
After hearing of Bourgeois ’ opinions and open support on the matter , the Vatican issued a letter in 2008 with a 30 - day notice to the priest to recant his opinions or face formal excommunication from the church .
Bourgeois sent a two - page reply explaining his duty as a man of conscious , citing theological studies of the Bible that have not found any justification excluding women from the priesthood , and stating that he cannot recant his belief , adding that “ silence is the voice of complicity . ”
Although the 30 days expired , Bourgeois is still a member of the Marynkoll Society , which is supportive and encouraging in his stance , and his ministry still remains largely about Latin America , with the new issue of women in priesthood .
The Vatican has not issued a reply to Father Bourgeois ’ letter .
Photo : Father Roy Bourgeois and Sister Judy Vaughan address a standing room only crowd on peace , justice and a woman ’s right to be ordained .
Luis Rivas / PW
Roland Koch bläst zum Angriff auf die Bildung Silvio Duwe
Die Wahlen in NRW sind vorbei , die ersten Sparvorschläge kommen umgehend
Union und FDP geben sich die größte Mühe , den Prognosen von Beobachtern recht zu geben , wonach unmittelbar nach der Wahl in Nordrhein - Westfalen der seit der Regierungsbildung im Herbst vergangenen Jahres unter Verschluss gehaltene Sack mit Ausgabenkürzungen geöffnet wird .
Lange war von konkreten Sparmaßnahmen nichts zu hören , offenbar wollten es Union und Liberale nicht darauf ankommen lassen , ihre Anhänger mit sozialpolitischen Grausamkeiten zu verschrecken und damit den lange sicher geglaubten Wahlsieg im bevölkerungsreichsten Bundesland zu verschenken .
Genutzt hat es nichts , die NRW - CDU hat massiv verloren , die schwarz - gelbe Bundesratsmehrheit ist dahin .
Die seit Monaten versteckten Grausamkeiten aber bleiben , und sie kommen nun Stück für Stück ans Tageslicht .
Den Anfang macht der hessische Ministerpräsident Roland Koch .
In einem Interview mit dem Hamburger Abendblatt sagte der Unionspolitiker , dass es nun , nach der Wahl , Zeit sei für entschlossenes Handeln .
Mit Blick auf die immer wieder aufflackernden Konflikte innerhalb der Koalition betonte er , dass ab jetzt gemeinsam Politik gemacht werden müsste .
Koch stellte klar , in welche Richtung es seiner Meinung nach gehen soll : statt der von der FDP immer wieder versprochenen Steuersenkung sollten nun erst einmal die Staatsausgaben gekürzt werden .
Bei den Sparplänen der Regierung würde es unbequem , so Koch .
Jetzt komme es nicht mehr darauf an , " mit jedem einzelnen Schritt Popularität zu gewinnen " .
" Jetzt " sind auch vorerst keine Wahlen mehr zu erwarten – der nächste Wahlmarathon beginnt erst im März nächsten Jahres , wenn kurz hintereinander in Sachsen - Anhalt , Baden - Württemberg und Rheinland - Pfalz neue Landtage bestimmt werden .
Geht es nach Roland Koch , soll vor allem bei der Bildung und der Kinderbetreuung gespart werden .
Die vom Familienministerium vorangetriebene Garantie , dass jedes Kind unter drei Jahren bis 2013 einen Anspruch auf einen Krippenplatz haben soll , würde möglicherweise viel teurer als ursprünglich geplant , so Koch .
Deshalb müsse dort , aber auch in der Bildung , über Sparmaßnahmen nachgedacht werden .
Vom langfristigen Ziel , zehn Prozent des Bruttoinlandsproduktes in die Bildung zu investieren , wolle man aber nicht abrücken .
Ursprünglich sollte diese Marke bereits 2015 erreicht werden .
Gegenwind bekommt Koch von Bundespräsident Horst Köhler .
" Ich erwarte , dass Bund und Länder an dem in Dresden beschlossenen Zehn - Prozent - Ziel auch dann festhalten , wenn die Schuldenbremse greift .
Aber ich frage mich , wie es dazu passt , dass einige Länder mit dem Hinweis auf ihre Haushaltslage die Ausgaben für Bildung und Wissenschaft kürzen wollen " , sagte Köhler auf der Jahrestagung der Hochschulrektorenkonferenz .
Im Bund hingegen erntet Koch kaum Widerspruch .
Otto Fricke , der haushaltspolitische Sprecher der FDP , begrüßte den Vorstoß aus Hessen und erklärte , er sei für alle Einsparmöglichkeiten offen .
Wenn es keinen Raum für Steuersenkungen gebe , müsse auch daran gedacht werden , so Fricke gegenüber dem Deutschlandfunk .
Dass Einsparungen , denen keine Steuersenkung gegenübersteht , nichts weiter als eine indirekte Form der Steuererhöhung ist , scheint den Liberalen dabei nicht zu stören .
Betroffen von Einsparungen in diesem Bereich wären dabei nicht nur die deutsche Wirtschaft , die schon jetzt im Fachkräftemangel eine Bedrohung für ihre künftigen Gewinne sieht , sondern vor allem auch die Menschen in den unteren Einkommensschichten .
Besonders Kinder von einkommensschwachen Familien haben in Deutschland schlechtere Bildungschancen und würden von einer zielgerichteten Förderung profitieren .
Diese ist jedoch schon jetzt kaum möglich , weshalb nach wie vor die soziale Herkunft stark über Erfolg oder Misserfolg im Schulsystem entscheidet – statt einer Sparoffensive wäre eine Qualitätsoffensive , die vor allem auch benachteiligte Gruppen mitnimmt , angebracht .
Aus der Opposition kommt erwartungsgemäß lautstarke Kritik an den Vorschlägen Kochs
Die stellvertretende Vorsitzende der SPD , Manuela Schwesig , sagte , dass die Familien für die Wohltaten , die schwarz - gelb an reiche Erben und Hoteliers verteilt hätten , zahlen müssten .
Der Rechtsanspruch auf Kinderbetreuung sei überfällig , so Schwesig .
Caren Marks , familienpolitische Sprecherin der SPD im Bundestag , ergänzte , dass die CDU nicht begriffen habe , wie wichtig eine gute Infrastruktur für Familien und Kinder sei .
Kristina Schröder warf Marks Untätigkeit vor : " Die Ministerin unternimmt seit ihrem Amtsantritt nichts , was den Betreuungsausbau nach vorne bringen könnte . "
Die Familienministerin selbst erklärte , dass sie den Vorschlag von Roland Koch für absurd halte .
" Bei Einsparungen dürfe auf keinen Fall zuerst an Bildung und Kinder gedacht werden " , so Schröder .
Diana Golze ( Linke ) warf Koch vor , den Sozialstaat zerstören und die Zukunft der Kinder zerschlagen zu wollen .
Zugleich erinnerte sie daran , dass auch Kinderbetreuung zu den Bildungsangeboten zählt : " Kitas sind Orte der Bildung für Kinder .
Kitas sind Orte , die es Eltern erleichtern , Familie und Beruf zu verbinden .
Kitas sind damit unabdingbar für ein kinder - und familienfreundliches Land . "
Mit weiteren Sparvorschlägen aus der Regierung ist zu rechnen , geraten doch die öffentlichen Kassen durch Bankenrettung und der drohenden Währungskrise immer weiter in Bedrängnis .
Wie die Antwort der Bundesregierung auf eine Anfrage der Linken gestern zeigte , erhöhte sich die Gesamtverschuldung von Bund , Ländern und Gemeinden allein durch die Bankenrettung bisher um nahezu 99 Milliarden Euro .
Unterdessen muss auch für die Rettung des Euro immer mehr Geld eingeplant werden .
Waren am Freitag noch Bürgschaften in Höhe von 22,4 Milliarden Euro für Griechenland im Gespräch , scheint der Bedarf von Tag zu Tag zu steigen .
Die möglichen finanziellen Ausfälle , die durch den Rettungsschirm für den Euro auf die Bundesrepublik zukommen können , liegen um ein Vielfaches darüber .
Bei " unvorhergesehenem Bedarf " müsste Deutschland statt der bisher bekannten 123 Milliarden Euro sogar bis zu 147 Milliarden zur Verfügung stellen , dies hat zumindest das Bundeskabinett in seiner gestrigen Sitzung beschlossen .
Der Gesetzentwurf soll in der kommenden Woche im Bundesrat beschlossen werden .
Zwar rechnet der Sprecher des Finanzministeriums , Michael Offer , nicht mit Auswirkungen auf den Bundeshaushalt , doch angesichts der immer neuen Zahlen , die in den Raum geworfen werden , klingt das eher nach einem Versuch , die Bürger zu beruhigen .
Soll das Milliardenversprechen , mit dem an den Märkten " Vertrauen entfaltet " werden soll , wirklich Wirkung zeigen , muss es mit liquiden Gegenwerten unterfüttert sein .
Die finanzpolitische Realität , die von Bankenrettungsprogramm und Euro - Krise geprägt ist , kommt damit langsam auch im Bewusstsein der Regierung an .
Sie wird sich daran messen lassen müssen , wie offen sie damit umgeht – und ob sie in der Lage ist , vorausschauende Finanzpolitik zu betreiben .
Wer jedoch zuerst an der Bildung sparen will , beweist eher die Abwesenheit von Weitblick .
( Silvio Duwe )
Enlarge By Chris Hawley , USA TODAY
A piece of hardened oil sludge from a recent spill in Coatzacoalcos , Mexico .
On Mexico's Gulf Coast , many residents who lived through the Ixtoc 1 blowout of 1979 , the world 's worst accidental oil spill , worry that the Deepwater Horizon spill could eventually reach their shores .
COATZACOALCOS , Mexico 
Here on Mexico's Gulf Coast , the Deepwater Horizon disaster has revived memories of the world 's worst accidental oil spill , a 1979 blowout that spewed oil for nine months , devastated marine life and covered the Texas and Mexican coasts with gobs of crude .
Now , people here are worried they may be in for a repeat of that disaster as ocean currents begin to catch oil from the Deepwater Horizon well and the Atlantic hurricane season gets underway June 1 .
There are strong parallels between the two spills .
Like the Deepwater Horizon spill , the Ixtoc 1 spill on June 3 , 1979 , involved the failure of a blowout preventer device , a kind of emergency shutoff valve .
In both cases , metal domes put over the well failed to stop the leaks .
And in both cases , crews turned to something called relief wells dug horizontally through the seafloor to stop the spills , a technique that can take months .
The Ixtoc I was an exploratory well being drilled in 160 feet of water about 60 miles northwest of Ciudad del Carmen on Mexico 's Gulf coast .
By comparison , the Deepwater Horizon well is 5,000 feet deep .
The Ixtoc 1 well was owned by Petroleos Mexicanos , Mexico 's state oil company , known as Pemex .
But it was being drilled by Sedco , a predecessor to Transocean , owner of the Deepwater Horizon rig .
At about 3 a.m. that 1979 day , the drill bit hit a high - pressure pocket of gas and oil .
The drill pipe bent , the blowout preventer failed , and an oil geyser shot 150 feet before bursting into flames .
OIL SPILL : Cleanup turns to untested tactic as efforts grow desperate PELICANS : Threatened by oil spill MAP : Oil slick growing in the Gulf GREEN HOUSE : Spill 's impact on wildlife ' like a train wreck , ' scientist says Armando Rodriguez was a deckhand on a ship that was laying pipe for the Ixtoc 1 well .
He was standing watch when the drilling platform exploded , shooting a pillar of blue flame into the night sky .
" The tower bent in half and went down in sparks , " Rodríguez said .
" We pulled out all the survivors .
Then the oil started getting sucked into the engines , and the captain ordered us to back away . "
All 63 crewmembers were rescued without injury .
In the April 20 Deepwater Horizon explosion , 11 died .
The Ixtoc spill wiped out fishing along the Mexican coast for nearly two years , said fisherman Agapito Quintana Gomez , 73 .
Reaching under a boat behind the offices of the Miguel Aleman Fisherman 's Cooperative in Coatzacoalcos , Quintana pulled out what looked like a lump of rubber : hardened sludge from a more recent oil spill .
Inside , it was glossy black and smelled like especially pungent tar .
" This stuff is poison , " Quintana said .
" It 's going to go everywhere .
We saw this happen in ' 79 . "
Pemex and a series of U.S. contractors struggled for months to stop that leak .
One company managed to close the well casing , but the oil broke through below the seal and caused another blowout .
Another contractor built a dome for the well that it called the " Sombrero , " Spanish for " hat , " but oil continued to seep from cracks in the seafloor .
In August 1979 , balls of sticky tar began washing up on the hotel beaches of South Padre Island in Texas .
Crews scraped them up with construction equipment and giant vacuum cleaners , and the Coast Guard stretched a net across the Port Mansfield inlet to catch submerged tar balls .
Pemex began drilling two horizontal relief wells soon after the spill in June 1979 , but they did not reach the Ixtoc 1 well until November , five months later .
The crews used the relief wells to pump mud and steel balls into the gusher , finally capping the leak on March 25 , 1980 .
BP , which owns the well in the Deepwater Horizon spill , began drilling its own relief wells on May 2 and May 16 .
They will take about three months to complete , the company says .
Other techniques tried on the Ixtoc 1 might not work in the Deepwater Horizon spill .
During the Ixtoc spill , scientists experimented with spreading fertilizer on the slick to encourage bacteria that break down the oil .
That may not be a good idea near the Louisiana coast , which already has too much algae because of fertilizer runoff from the Mississippi River , said Terry Hazen , an oil spill cleanup expert at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
The algae created a " dead zone " of low oxygen levels in the Gulf .
The Ixtoc 1 leak spilled between 126 million and 210 million gallons of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , making it second only to the intentional oil spill of about 462 million gallons caused by retreating Iraqi troops in 1991 during the Gulf War , according to the Interior Department .
After the 1979 spill , sea turtles and dolphins suffered .
Scientists dug up hundreds of oil - covered turtle eggs and flew them to cleaner beaches to save them .
Many residents now fear the BP spill will bring a repeat disaster .
A variation in the Gulf currents that occurs every six to 11 months could eventually carry the oil toward Mexico , said Mike Pigott , a meteorologist with the AccuWeather forecasting firm .
" The winds are dead out there now , but in June , they 're going to start blowing again , " said Roman Dominguez of the Gavilan del Rio Fisherman 's cooperative in Coatzacoalcos .
" That 's what people are worried about .
Everyone here remembers Ixtoc . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
About the Workshop
For over 40 years , the Warner Bros. Television Writers ’
Workshop has been the premiere writing program for new writers looking to start and further their career in the world of television .
Every year , the Workshop selects up to eight participants out of more than 2,500 submissions and exposes them to Warner Bros .
Television ’s top writers and executives , all with the ultimate goal of earning them a staff position on a Warner Bros . - produced television show .
The Warner Bros. Television Writers ’ Workshop consists of three components , all geared towards preparing the writer for a successful career in television writing .
The 2020 - 2021 Warner Bros. Television Writers ’ Workshop will run October 2020 – March 2021 , with meetings on the Warner Bros. lot in Burbank , California , one evening a week from 7 p.m. -10 p.m.
Full participation is mandatory .
** UPDATE :
At this time , we do not anticipate any delays to the 2020 – 2021 Writers ’ Workshop due to COVID - 19 .
Please submit your applications by the May 31st deadline .**
Roffles Profile Blog Joined April 2007 Pitcairn 16460 Posts Last Edited : 2010-09-10 01:31:31 # 1
Episode 13 has been released .
Check it out below
Banner Credits : Koiru
The Teamliquid Fansub Team is proud to present NalrA's Oldboy Series !
Much similar to MBC 's beloved Hyungjoon series , OGN has decided to launch it's own rendition of a famous celebrity in his journey to become a progamer .
However , rather than picking out a random pop culture celebrity , OGN has chosen it's own Kang Min , everyone 's favorite Dreamer Toss .
Ep. 1 Summary - Nal_rA has announced his quest to become a progamer once again and make the OSL !
However , OGN producers show a replay of his to current progamers who are quick to criticize his play and give him little to no shot at making a Starleague .
Will Nal_rA be able to overcome this hurdle and accomplish what top tier progamers believe he cannot do ?
Find out !
So follow Nal_rA along on his quest to break into the OSL once again !
This series will consist of multiple episodes .
Do n't know how many episodes it 'll last though .
I 'll keep this OP updated .
Credits :
Translator : mrmin123
Timers : Roffles , Xech , scintilliaSD
Editor : Roffles , scintilliaSD
Encoder : T.O.P .
How Do I Watch ?:
+ Show Spoiler [ Episodes 1 - 10 ] +
[ url blocked ]
or
Ep 1 Torrent
or
Episode 2 :
[ url blocked ]
or
Ep 2 Torrent
or
Episode 3 :
Torrent
or
[ url blocked ]
or
Episode 4 :
Torrent
or
[ url blocked ]
or
Episode 5 :
Torrent
or
[ url blocked ]
or
Episode 6 :
Torrent
or
[ url blocked ]
or
Episode 7 :
[ url blocked ]
or
http://www.teamliquid.net/vods/torrents/_TL_Subs_NalrA_Oldboy_Ep_7_avi.torrent
or
Episode 8 :
[ url blocked ]
or
http://www.teamliquid.net/vods/torrents/_TL_Subs_NalrA_Oldboy_Ep_8_avi.torrent
or
Episode 9 :
[ url blocked ]
or
http://www.teamliquid.net/vods/torrents/_TL_Subs_NalrA_Oldboy_Ep_9_mp4.torrent
or
Episode 10 :
[ url blocked ]
or
http://www.teamliquid.net/vods/torrents/_TL_Subs_NalrA_Oldboy_Ep_10_avi.torrent
or
Episode 1 : [ url blocked ] ororEpisode 2 : [ url blocked ] ororEpisode 3 : or[ url blocked ] orEpisode 4 : or [ url blocked ] orEpisode 5 : or[ url blocked ] orEpisode 6 : or[ url blocked ] orEpisode 7 : [ url blocked ] ororEpisode 8 : [ url blocked ] ororEpisode 9 :[ url blocked ] ororEpisode 10 : [ url blocked ] oror
Episode 11 :
[ url blocked ]
or
http://www.teamliquid.net/vods/torrents/_TL_Subs_NalrA_Oldboy_Ep_11_avi.torrent
or
Much similar to MBC 's beloved Hyungjoon series , OGN has decided to launch it's own rendition of a famous celebrity in his journey to become a progamer .
However , rather than picking out a random pop culture celebrity , OGN has chosen it's own Kang Min , everyone 's favorite Dreamer Toss .
Ep. 1 Summary - Nal_rA has announced his quest to become a progamer once again and make the OSL !
However , OGN producers show a replay of his to current progamers who are quick to criticize his play and give him little to no shot at making a Starleague .
Will Nal_rA be able to overcome this hurdle and accomplish what top tier progamers believe he cannot do ?
Find out !
So follow Nal_rA along on his quest to break into the OSL once again !
This series will consist of multiple episodes .
Do n't know how many episodes it 'll last though .
I 'll keep this OP updated .
Translator : mrmin123 Timers : Roffles , Xech , scintilliaSDEditor : Roffles , scintilliaSDEncoder : T.O.P.Episode 11 : [ url blocked ] oror
Pretty simple , just load up the video and enjoy .
Youtubes up for Ep. 1 -11 !
Episode 12 :
[ url blocked ]
or
http://www.teamliquid.net/vods/torrents/_TL_Subs_NalrA_Oldboy_Ep_12_avi.torrent
or
Pretty simple , just load up the video and enjoy .
Youtubes up for Ep. 1 -11 !
Episode 12 : [ url blocked ] oror
Episode 13 :
[ url blocked ]
or
Episode 13 : [ url blocked ] or
Other Stuff :
This subtitles are brought to you by the Teamliquid Fansub Team .
Please do not redistribute , copy , or claim these subs without the permission of the Fansub team .
Our next subtitle project is the works .
Please wait for it !
While you 're waiting , be sure to check out l10 f 's subs of Hyungjoon becomes a Progamer .
It 's good stuff .
Thank you all for your patience and we hope you enjoy this !
Also , if you 're interested in joining the subbing team , send me a PM .
We could surely use more translators + timers .
This subtitles are brought to you by the Teamliquid Fansub Team .
Please do not redistribute , copy , or claim these subs without the permission of the Fansub team .
Our next subtitle project is the works .
Please wait for it !
While you 're waiting , be sure to check out l10 f 's subs of Hyungjoon becomes a Progamer .
It 's good stuff .
Thank you all for your patience and we hope you enjoy this !
Also , if you 're interested in joining the subbing team , send me a PM .
We could surely use more translators + timers .
God Bless
A major Wall Street firm is accused of misleading clients by concealing key conflicts of interest .
E-mails suggest that an employee touted its wares in public while slamming them in private .
The scandal is front - page news , and observers anticipate severe damage to the firm ’s reputation .
We could be talking about Goldman Sachs today .
But we could also be talking about Citigroup or Merrill Lynch in 2002 , after the tech bubble burst .
Then there was widespread anger at banks ’ dodgy practices and reckless behavior , and an insistence that investors and regulators needed to be more vigilant .
So why are we going through this all over again ?
Illustration by Christoph Niemann
In the middle of the past decade , it seemed as if Americans thought that Wall Street could do no wrong .
But just a couple of years earlier people thought that Wall Street could do nothing right .
High - profile analysts had put “ buy ” ratings on the stocks of companies that they privately called “ pigs . ” WorldCom and Enron committed outrageous accounting fraud , the latter abetted by the venerable Arthur Andersen .
There was so much bad behavior that it was hard to keep track — I.P.O. spinning , mutual - fund late trading , Adelphia , Tyco .
There was shock that companies whose viability depended on reputation had so casually exploited their clients , and a sense that it would take a long time for the banks to win back trust .
If only .
The post - bubble backlash gave rise to useful new regulations , but it had no discernible impact on Wall Street ’s actual business .
The very year that the analyst scandal broke , investors gave major offenders like Citigroup and Merrill Lynch more money to manage .
Within a few years , financial - industry profits were at an all - time high .
Will investors forgive as easily this time ?
“ The rational part of my brain says that after something like the Goldman thing no one will want to do business with them in the future , ” Barry Ritholtz , an asset manager and the author of “ Bailout Nation , ” says .
“ But the experienced part of my brain says that nothing significant is going to change . ”
Goldman , at least , can point to a track record of enormous success , but even terrible performance does n’t always drive customers away .
Ritholtz points to Merrill .
Its advice helped bankrupt Orange County , in 1994 .
Its clients lost huge sums during the Internet bubble .
And it lost more than fifty billion dollars in the credit crisis .
Yet plenty of people still trust it with their money .
Ritholtz says , “ It ’s like what Hegel supposedly said :
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history . ”
Why the amnesia ?
Greed is part of it .
Easy money , which the housing bubble seemed to promise , put people in a forgiving mood .
Investors ’ losses during the technology bubble also had the paradoxical effect of making them need Wall Street more : they wanted high returns in order to make up what they ’d lost .
Just as gamblers who are down keep returning to the casino ( it ’s called “ chasing losses ” ) , state pension funds and nonprofits that had lost a bundle in the tech bubble were among the most aggressive investors in the risky parts of the subprime swamp .
Oddly , tougher disclosure requirements may also have made it easier for investors to think that things had changed .
These days , presentations and offering documents are stuffed with warnings and risk disclaimers .
The flipbook for the deal at the heart of the current Goldman Sachs scandal warned that it might not contain all material information , offered no guarantee that the information was accurate , and said that there were “ potential conflicts of interest ” in the deal .
It might as well have said “ Do n’t trust us . ”
The problem , as George Loewenstein , an economics professor at Carnegie - Mellon , has shown , is that we tend to discount disclosed conflicts of interest and , in general , underestimate their importance .
Ethical issues aside , the banks also did poorly at their core job , which is managing risk .
And , while there are plenty of honest , capable people in finance , the ease with which investors looked past Wall Street ’s failings seems like a classic case of what the social psychologist Leon Festinger called “ cognitive dissonance . ”
Festinger argued that when beliefs come into conflict with reality we think up explanations that shape reality to our beliefs , rather than vice versa .
He used the example of the Millerites , a millenarian religious sect that came to believe that Jesus Christ would return to earth on October 22 , 1844 .
He did n’t .
But not all the Millerites abandoned their faith .
Many set about constructing elaborate rationalizations to justify their belief , arguing that Christ had returned spiritually , or that the event had occurred in Heaven , if not on earth .
Similarly , when people ’s faith in Wall Street as an honest broker , a smart allocator of capital , and a path to personal wealth was disappointed , they managed to explain things away .
This pattern of disappointment and renewed faith in finance is n’t new .
But the cycles have been speeding up .
After 1929 , it took three decades before Wall Street seemed safe again , and there was almost a decade between the scandals of the nineteen - eighties and the boom of the late nineties .
By contrast , the backlash after the tech - stock bubble burst lasted barely a couple of years .
That ’s a good argument for passing the financial - reform legislation currently in front of Congress — before investors suffer another bout of amnesia .
As President Obama said last week , we need to “ learn the lessons of this crisis , so we do n’t doom ourselves to repeat it . ”
Maybe this time we can remember not to forget . ♦
Arguments that equate a desire to control immigration with racism are often mounted by those who wish to assert their own purity against a straw man .
The truth is , there is nothing inherently racist about wanting to control your borders and there is nothing unique about the way Australians react to the issue .
In fact , Australians have been as good as anyone about accepting people from overseas .
That much of the concern , when it arises , is focussed on those who arrive by boat is hardly surprising .
Not only does the sensationalist media spotlight boat arrivals and grossly exaggerate what is happening , but one of our major parties , the Liberal - National Coalition , viciously exploits the issue for political gain .
This may tap into the racist feeling of some ( it 's not as if no - one is a racist ever ) but it is more likely to be tapping into a range of other concerns , from jobs to the environment to national sovereignty .
In the face of misinformation from influential sections of Australian society , the only workable solution is a long and consistent campaign of pushback , of countering lies with facts and of standing up for the principle of dealing justly with asylum seekers while not dismissing as racist anyone who wants to place limits on our overall intake .
The reason the Opposition can exploit the issue is at least in part because the Labor Party ( in and out of government ) is incapable of sustaining such an argument .
The fact that , at the moment , Labor is led by a moral coward of the magnitutde of Kevin Rudd makes things especially difficult .
No - one should underestimate the difficulties for any PM dealing with this matter .
As I say , influential forces within society are thrilled to use the subject as a way of delegitisimng a Labor government .
And there are genuine concerns out there about population growth .
But when the PM is as singularly weak as Kevin Rudd it is almost certain that Labor will capitulate in the face of a scare campaign .
It need n't be this way .
During the hysteria over Tampa , independent MP , Peter Andren refused to countenance the fear mongering , went into his electorate and made the case for acceptance of asylum seekers .
According to the Australians - are - racist crowd , not to mention the jelly - backs who run Labor 's campaigning , this should have meant disaster for Andren .
Fact is , though , he was reelected with an increased majority .
So the hysteria and lies can be fought if you have the spine to do it .
Unfortunately , Kevin Rudd does n't .
Which is a shame because he virtually had a clean slate on which to work .
He made some genuine improvements after the disgraceful Howard years and the sky did n't fall in .
There was no immediate outcry against what his new government had done .
Had he followed through on those changes and explained them and supported them , especially as the Opposition and sections of the media started running their usual tripe on the matter , we might 've put away forever this particular political football .
Instead , he lacked the courage of his convictions and it culminated in his government 's announcement last week that they would no longer process asylum seekers from Sri Lanka and Afghanistan .
Not only did he bent over frontwards for the scaremongers , he did n't even have the nerve to announce the changes himself ( For heaven 's sake , he would n't even Tweet the information himself , and instead hid behind his staff ) .
The clever clogs in the press argue that Rudd is playing smart politics , that he is doing what he has to do in order to protect marginal seats .
But how smart is it to hand your opponents a weapon they can use against you any time they choose ?
Seeing how easily he wilts under pressure , all the Opposition ever has to do is scream something scary , no matter how deceptive , have it reported by its friends in the media , and wait till Kevin Rudd runs away .
( There is no reason to think this will only apply to immigration either . )
How is that smart politics ?
Standing up to the lies is n't easy , but it 's the only way Labor will ever get on top of this issue .
What 's more , the argument can only be won from government ; but until Labor has a leader willing to tackle it head on , the Coalition will exploit it .
And they will win every time .
The upshot will be the suffering of genuine asylum seekers and the lasting inability of our country to discuss sensibly the way we want to handle immigration and population .
For one brief , shining moment , we had a Prime Minister who was better placed than anybody to move the debate along .
He showed that he wanted to do the right thing .
Unfortunately , he did n't have the courage to stand up to the liars and the bullies .
It turns out photo - ops outside church are no substitute for genuine Christian courage .
Well , wadderya know ?
As I said earlier , there is nothing necessarily racist about wanting to control immigration levels .
But there is something inherently cowardly about a Prime Minister who , with all the communications resources he has at his disposal , allows debate to be dominated by the scaremongers .
The country deserves better .
I ’ve studied moral philosophy for many years , mostly in frustration .
Though many philosophical theories of morality have offered tantalizing glimmers , they ultimately fail to account for the “ moral ” decisions people make in the real world .
Traditional philosophical accounts of morality have appeared especially feeble in light of the ongoing and volatile American culture wars .
For instance , some of us claim that torture is OK while others feel that we have a moral duty to impeach the President and Vice - President for failing to stop the torture .
Starting with the assumption that both sides to this controversy are sincerely , no philosophical moral system begins to account for both of those positions .
Luckily , we are in a new era with regard to understanding morality .
Cognitive scientists such as psychologist Marc Hauser and primatologist Frans de Waal are studying morality with new sets of tools .
Recently , I had the opportunity to read an extraordinary article by Jonathan Haidt ( pronounced “ height ” ) and Jesse Graham : “ When Morality Opposes Justice : Conservatives Have Moral Intuitions That Liberals May Not Recognize . ”
This article is written in an easily accessible style and its 16 pages are packed with ideas that bridge Haidt ’s theories to the real world .
If you ’re in the mood to watch rather than read , sit back and view this video of Haidt describing his approach ( the 30 - minute video moves right along –Haidt is an eloquent speaker as well as a talented writer ) .
I ’m not going to try to hide my excitement at Haidt ’s approach .
The more I learned about it , the more I thought of the words T. H. Huxley spoke upon learning of Charles Darwin ’s theory of natural selection : “ How stupid of me not to have thought of it . ”
If you want to test your own moral foundations before proceeding , go to Haidt ’s site and take a short test to determine your own moral foundation .
Then read on ( either read Haidt ’s article or come back here ) .
The problem with most philosophical moral systems is illustrated by the story “ The Blind Men and the Elephant . ”
In that story , each of the blind men was able to touch one body part of the same elephant but they drew conflicting conclusions about what an elephant is like .
Invariably , they concluded that the elephant was fully - describable as the one particular part they touched .
One of the blind men touched only the elephant ’s floppy ear and concluded that an elephant is like a fan .
Another blind man touched only the elephant ’s leg and concluded that an elephant is like a tree .
The blind men proceeded to get into a needless argument .
One point to this story is that we must be careful so that we do n’t over - generalize .
Because many things in life are multifaceted , they are not fully describable after a partial investigation .
Nor are they capable of being simply described .
There is no reason to assume that there is any “ grand unification theory ” of morality , all moral phenomena subsumed under a single formula or description .
Philosophers have repeatedly made the mistake of trying to jam all “ moral ” phenomena into one tightly - defined category .
The proof that traditional philosophical moral theories fail is that no one makes reference to them when making difficult moral decisions .
Over the years , I ’ve asked three tenured moral philosophers the extent to which they refer to their meticulous studies of moral theory when they themselves need to make a difficult moral decision .
Every time I asked this question the answer was : “ Not at all . ”
Here ’s another clue that traditional philosophical moral theories fail .
Moral philosophers have traditionally used only a few select examples to illustrate their moral theories .
For the most part , the theories of moral philosophers break down when people attempt to apply those theories to real world , which are inevitably complex .
The real world always presents more that is “ relevant ” than traditional philosophical theories are capable of considering .
For example , Immanuel Kant presented his “ categorical imperative ” as the solution to something he considered an anathema : ad hoc resolution of moral conundrums .
Kant sought certainty and a deep - rooted analytical framework .
In my opinion , Kant failed to deliver what he promised .
I sometimes imagine filling a large room with the world ’s best Kant scholars and asking them to apply the Kant ’s categorical imperative to several real - world problems such as gay marriage , abortion , and telling lies .
Every time I run this thought experiment , I imagine the Kant scholars getting into loud arguments ( and fist fights ! ) and coming to no agreement at all .
I suspect we ’d get the same result if we filled a large room with utilitarians or virtue moralists .
The categorical imperative ( to use one example of a traditional philosophical approach ) is utterly incapable of shedding any light on the reason liberals and conservatives so often talk past each other on matters of morality .
None of these philosophical theories account for the obvious real - world chasm that exists between liberals and conservatives .
It was with great satisfaction , then , that I learned that Jonathan Haidt is making serious use of the scientific method to understand the factors that drive real - work moral decision - making .
His approach is especially interesting in its description of the moral differences between conservatives and liberals .
Which group is more moral ?
That is n’t the right question , according to Haidt .
Both groups strive to be moral .
The difference in the way they characterize morality is that conservatives and liberals base their moral sense on different measures .
For conservatives , morality is a composite of five measures that are each taken seriously :
harm / care
fairness / reciprocity
ingroup / loyalty
authority / respect and
purity / sanctity .
For liberals , however , the moral domain consists primarily of the first two of these five measures ; the other three tend to fly under the liberal radar .
Haidt describes each of these measures of morality on page 6 of his article .
Here is a capsule summary of each :
1. Harm / care .
Evolution has shaped maternal brains to be sensitive to the suffering of offspring .
In humans , this tendency has been generalized beyond our relationships to offspring .
Human beings react to the suffering of other humans , whether child or adult , whether biologically related or not .
Humans feel compassion when they see other humans suffer and they are disturbed by cruelty and harm .
2. Fairness / reciprocity .
Humans , like many other primate species , readily form alliances .
This tendency “ has led to the evolution of a suite of emotions that motivate reciprocal altruism , including anger , guilt and gratitude . ”
As a result of these emotions , “ all cultures have developed virtues related to fairness and justice . ”
Haidt points out , however , that the almost universal tendency of cultures to value reciprocity does not necessarily lead to a belief of individual rights , equal distribution of resources or equal status .
3. Ingroup / loyalty .
Human animals have developed strong emotions “ related to recognizing , trusting and cooperating with members of one ’s co-residing ingroup , while being wary and distrustful of members of other groups . ”
As a result , many cultures have valued loyalty , patriotism and heroism .
Cultures are thus commonly suspicious of diversity .
Further , a member ’s willingness to criticize his or her own ingroup is seen as betrayal or treason .
4. Authorities / respect .
In many primate species , most members react to the physical force and fear displayed by those in leadership positions .
For humans , “ the picture is more nuanced , relying largely on prestige and voluntary deference . ”
Many societies have thus come to value “ virtues related to subordination : respect , duty and obedience . ”
5. Purity / sanctity .
In most human societies , disgust has become a social emotion as well as a physical reaction .
In these cultures , “ disgust goes beyond such contaminant - related issues and supports a set of virtues and vices linked to bodily activities in general and religious activities in particular .
Thus , those who are ruled by “ carnal passions ” are seen as corrupt or impure compared to those who are spiritual or sanctified .
Haidt does not hide the fact that he is a liberal and an atheist .
One thing he is not is an armchair philosopher .
He is also a psychologist who is hungry for real - world data .
His moral theory is based upon psychological experimentation and ultimately founded in evolutionary theory .
Consequently , Haidt distrusts the reasons people give for their moral decisions .
See , for example , his article : “ The Emotional Dog and its Rational Tail : A Social Intuitionist Approach to Moral Judgment . ”
Intuitionism in philosophy refers to the view that there are moral truths , and that when people grasp these truths they do so not by a process of ratiocination and reflection , but rather by a process more akin to perception , in which one just sees without argument that they are and must be true . . .
Moral reasoning is usually an ex-post facto process used to influence the intuitions ( and hence judgments ) of other people . . .
[ In sum ] , 1 ) the reasoning process has been overemphasized ; 2 ) reasoning is often motivated ; 3 ) the reasoning process constructs post - hoc justifications , yet we experience the illusion of objective reasoning .
Haidt ’s theory focuses on the undeniable chasm between self - described liberals and conservatives and proposes an explanation for this chasm .
Liberals base their moral systems primarily upon the first two of the five foundations ( harm / care and fairness / reciprocity ) .
To the extent that something does not fall within these two categories , it simply is not a moral issue in the eyes of liberals .
Conservatives disagree intensely .
For a conservative , it matters greatly ( in a moral sense ) whether an act or omission offends one ’s conceptions of proper ingroup / loyalty , authority / respect or purity / sanctity .
For liberals , these three measures , though they might be of Machiavellian interest , are simply not matters of morality .
As Haidt points out ,
The five foundations theory can also explain to puzzling features of the 2004 American presidential election .
The first puzzle is that a plurality of Americans who voted for George Bush said in a well - publicized exit poll that their main concern was “ moral values . ”
The second puzzle is that political liberals in the United States were shocked , outraged , and unable to understand how “ moral values ” drove people to vote for a man who , as they saw it , tricked America into an unwinnable war , cut taxes for the rich and benefits for the poor , and seemed to have a personal animosity toward Mother Nature .
Our explanation of these two puzzles and of the culture war in general , flows from this simple proposition : the morality of political liberals is built on the harm and fairness foundations , while the morality of political conservatives is built upon all five foundations .
To test his theory , Haidt asked 1600 people to rate the relevance of 15 concerns to their moral judgments .
Liberals rated concerns with harm and fairness as being significantly more relevant to moral judgment .
Conservatives rated ingroup , authority and purity concerns as significantly more relevant than liberals .
Extreme liberals said that only the first two foundations were highly relevant , while the other three foundations were not nearly as important .
Extreme conservatives , in contrast , said that all five domains were equally relevant in making moral judgments .
We are continuing to explore this difference between liberal and conservative moralities with studies on persuasion and implicit cognition .
Do the two groups differ in their implicit attitudes as greatly as they do in their explicit values ?
Will moral appeals for liberal causes that press emotional buttons related to ingroup , authority and purity persuade political moderates , who make up most of the electorate , where more traditional liberal appeals have failed ?
We expect that the five foundations theory will be useful in the study of political action and rhetoric .
If our initial findings hold up , they would indicate that justice ( and related concerns derived from the fairness / reciprocity foundation ) is literally half of morality for liberals , while it is only one - fifth of morality for conservatives .
Haidt ’s own review of literature pertaining to morality indicates that most scholarly articles reject conservative concerns related to ingroup , authority and purity as “ bad ” on the grounds that they often conflict with proper measures of morality : harm and fairness .
In short , most moral studies reject the legitimacy of several of the things that conservatives revere as moral measures .
For a dramatic portrayal of this rejection of the bases of conservative morality , see the chart on page 16 of Haidt ’s article .
I took Haidt ’s test and found that my moral foundation clearly fell into the “ liberal ” configuration , in that I tend to reject the measures of ingroup , authority and purity .
I ’ll confess that these conservative measures seem immature and stunted to me .
They seem like the sorts of reasons toddlers might drum up to justify their actions .
For example , I consider it to be irrelevant what my alleged ingroup thinks .
When someone tells me that I ought to support the Iraq occupation because I ’m an American and a need to support America , I can barely contain my frustration .
What comes to mind is this : if everyone else decided to jump off a cliff should you jump off a cliff ?
I reject authority as a basis for my own moral decision - making .
Many conservatives would support the war in Iraq ( as a moral issue ) because the president of the United States ( a salient authority figure ) has asked for that support .
My gut reaction ?
Bush is either an idiot or evil .
That he is an authority figure has no bearing on whether he is correct .
Therefore , that he is an authority figure does not compel me to consider him to be a moral authority any more than I would consider any other human being .
I recently wrote a post on the fifth measure of morality : purity / sanctity .
I ’ve struggled with this topic more than the others .
My initial intuition is that the extent to which something disgusts me has nothing at all to do with morality .
I ’ve struggled with this purity measure , however , because , on many occasions , my feelings of disgust seem to fuel my own moral intuitions .
Yet I am suspicious of disgust .
In my experience , disgust is too often an unreliable indicator of what is moral or immoral .
According to Haidt ’s research , conservatives strongly disagree with me .
That disgust is critically important to conservatives comes even more clearly into focus when you consider that disgust is one endpoint on a continuum , the other endpoint being that which is sacred .
For conservatives , things which are taken to be sacred are automatically deemed moral .
Anything that defiles anything that is sacred is immoral .
Haidt stresses that his five foundation theory is a cultural - psychological theory as well as a nativist theory .
The virtues of a culture are constructions .
“ Children develop different virtues in different cultures and historical eras , yet the available range of human virtues is constrained by the five sets of intuitions that human minds are prepared to have . ”
Haidt also has a lot to say about the existence of long - standing cultural institutions .
He cautions that such institutions often have “ a collective wisdom incarnate in them . ”
As such , traditional institutions “ should be given the benefit of the doubt ; they should not be torn down and rebuilt each time one group has a complaint against them . ”
As an illustration , he uses gay marriage .
Using Haidt ’s approach , the conservative warning that gay marriage will destroy marriage “ is no longer incomprehensible - it is correct .
Legalizing gay marriage would be a change to an ancient institution . ”
Haidt ’s program is a strong beginning to a new round of study of the topic of morality .
There is much more to explore within the framework he offers .
Here is one topic on which invites further analysis : Consider the locus of control regarding the five measures of morality .
Do you “ own ” the measures or do they “ own ” you ?
Using the measures of harm / care and fairness / reciprocity , one is likely to feel as though one is an active participant working through social issues .
Using these two measures , one might feels like one is actively tweaking a big hydraulic system that allocates risks and resources .
On the other hand , the measures that conservatives tend to add to this mix ( ingroup / loyalty , authority / respect and purity / sanctity ) come predetermined and prepackaged , from “ out there ” somewhere .
People do n’t normally sit down and calculate how to assemble their social group , whether to give respect to the person in charge or consciously decide what is holy .
For most conservatives , those things are “ givens ” that are not amenable to further analysis .
For conservatives , the only calculation needed is how fast to fall in line with these measures that originate somewhere out there and to decide how aggressively to push others to do the fall in line too .
Another issue inviting further analysis is the method by which people apply the five separate measures to resolve conflict .
I doubt that we ’ll ever determine a specific calculus — people do n’t actually have the cognitive firepower to “ weigh ” the factors in a precise way , but I do suspect that people make use of recurring strategies when considering the emphasis to give each of the five measures .
It might come down to a set of heuristics or people might develop strategies as a result of become culturally trained up , from childhood on .
Pattern - matching makes much more sense to me than any detailed attempt at calculation .
As Andy Clark wrote in Being
There , people are “ good at Frisbee , bad at math .
I suspect further that for many people , the some measures would trump all other measures , at least on some issues .
In the case of gay marriage , for example , the purity measure might trump all others — many people would n’t see the need for any attempt to “ weigh ” the measures to the extent that the measures might drive the decision in opposite directions .
I would also suspect that attentional factors drive these decisions .
It would thus be interesting to explore why and how certain measures become bright and shiny things in certain contexts .
Haidt offers a deeper explanation as to why some people end up liberal while others are conservative .
He starts with the presumption that it is normal to use all five measures of morality .
It is historically normal to be conservative .
What needs to be explained is why some people are liberal .
For Haidt the answer has to do with social mobility :
Looking at the entire range of human societies , the statistically “ normal ” human society is built upon all five foundations .
It is modern liberalism ( not the “ continent ” of all other cultures ) which requires a special explanation .
Why is it that in a minority of human cultures the moral domain has shrunk ?
How did it come to pass that in much of Europe , and in some parts of the United States , moral concerns have been restricted to issues related to harm / welfare / care and justice / rights / fairness ?
We believe that a team of historians and sociologists could easily tell such a story , probably involving references to the growth of free markets , social mobility , science , material wealth , and ethnic and religious diversity .
Mobility and diversity make a morality based on shared valuation of traditions and institutions quite difficult ( Whose traditions ?
Which institutions ? ) .
These factors help explain the electoral map of the United States in the 2004 presidential election .
When viewed at the county level , the great majority of counties that voted for John Kerry are near major waterways , where ports and cities are usually located and where mobility and diversity are greatest .
Areas with less mobility and less diversity generally have the more traditional five - foundation morality , and therefore were more likely to vote for George W. Bush – and to tell pollsters that their reason was “ moral values . ”
It makes intuitive sense that communities consisting of diverse mixes of cultures would need to downplay the three conservative measures .
Whose ingroup ?
Whose authority figure ?
Whose version of the sacred / purity ?
Downplaying those three factors is an implicit truce .
Failing to downplay these factors would result in high tension and even bloodshed .
Compared to these three measures , the first two ( harm & justice ) invite pragmatic resolution , because liberals and conservatives both come equipped with a deep understanding of the measures of harm and justice .
No matter what their background , everyone can roll up their sleeves and work through methods protect people from harm and allocate resources in the kinds of ways that avoid riots .
Haidt ’s theory of the five measures of morality allows the two sides of the culture wars to communicate with each other in a fine - grained way , rather than shouting “ You are immoral ” at each other .
His theory allows the discussion to move up at least one level to considering the validity and application of each of the five measures .
With Haidt ’s approach , people can consider the merits of each of the five measures , based upon the function that those measures have traditionally served .
Haidt ’s five measures approach assists the two sides in the culture war to identify what it is that they ’re not understanding about each other .
It invites a real - life research agenda , one that is already bearing fruit , for studying and , perhaps , cooling down the culture wars .
Electronic
Arts plan on releasing a new game mode for their first - person shooter Battlefield : Bad Company 2 that introduces four - player cooperative action to PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 .
Onslaught mode will feature matches with a squad of up to four players completing a series of objectives as they battle countless computer - controlled enemies .
The modes will be available using four multiplayer maps -- Atacama Desert , Isla Inocentes , Nelson Bay and Valparaiso -- and will be redesigned with new vehicles and other effects .
Onslaught will also feature online leaderboards for players to check their progress against others .
" Effective squad play is the key to success in Battlefield : Bad Company 2 multiplayer and this new mode will provide players with a dedicated environment to test their team skills and rank against the competition , " said senior producer Patrick Bach in a post on the game 's official blog .
Studio DICE also unveiled a trailer showcasing Onslaught mode , which you can check out below .
No word on whether this mode will appear on PC .
Readers , what do you think of Onslaught ?
By Brett Molina
According to a suspiciously brief newswire report , 24 year - old Briton Amanda Flowers has become a " sex addict " after falling off her Wii Fit board .
Advertisement
It seems that , courtesy of the fall , she 's developed a condition called persistent sexual arousal syndrome ( which , we 'll have you know , is a real thing ) .
Now any time Amanda is around anything vibrating or pulsing , like a mobile phone or blender , she becomes , well , aroused .
" It began as a twinge down below before surging through my body " , she says of the onset of an " attack " .
" Sometimes it built up into a trembling orgasm " .
Advertisement
Provided this is real ( it 's all a bit " bwah ? " ) , that 's a bit of a double - edged sword for poor Amanda .
On the one hand , she went from playing Wii Fit to developing a serious condition .
On the other , most people that fall off things get hurt , not a bunch of unprovoked orgasms .
Wii
Fit injury turns woman into a sex addict !
[ Yahoo ]
When Wikileaks published the harrowing video of the deaths in Iraq of my colleagues Namir Noor - Eldeen , 22 , and his assistant and driver Saeed Chmagh , 40 , the world finally had the transparency it should have had about this tragedy .
It was impossible for me to watch and not feel outrage and great sorrow – but this is not about trying to tell anyone else what to feel .
This is about trying to find out exactly what happened and how to ensure it does n't happen again .
What I want from the Pentagon – and from all militaries – is simple : acknowledgment , transparency , accountability .
Acknowledgement means both understanding at headquarters and training in the field that journalists have a right to be on the battlefield , and not just those embedded with a military unit .
A journalist 's mission is to provide understanding , provide context and provide the reporting that citizens deserve .
That mission requires journalists to cover the story from multiple angles , including ones that potentially put them in harm 's way .
A war prosecuted in darkness is a war without accountability .
The journalist 's role is vital for a democracy and it must be acknowledged .
Then , there must be acknowledgement that true journalists come in every race , both sexes and a multitude of nationalities .
Within Reuters , our 2,800 journalists come from 80 different nationalities .
They all have a right to safety .
As too many tragic deaths , including those of Namir and Saeed , have proven , soldiers in tense warfare repeatedly mistake cameras and tripods for weapons .
They 're not .
There must be a way of training soldiers to distinguish the forms .
It is imperative to have the consciousness that the shape in the scope might not be a threat .
Transparency is vital .
This is the honesty for all to learn lessons from what has transpired .
Soon after the incident , Reuters editors were shown only one portion of the video .
We immediately changed our operating procedures – the first portion of the video made clear that anyone walking with a group of armed people could be considered a target .
We immediately made it a rule that our journalists could not even walk near armed groups .
However , we were not shown the second part of the video , where the helicopter fired on a van trying to evacuate the wounded .
Had we seen it , we could have adjusted our procedures further .
Transparency saves lives .
We have been trying for more than two and a half years to get this video from the military through formal legal means without success , and in fact have an appeal to their last denial of our request still pending ; now it transpires that officials who repeatedly told us that what the video contained was important enough for security reasons to withhold it from us , made no efforts to secure it and were n't even clear where it was .
It took a whistleblower to make sure the world had the transparency it needed and deserved .
I want the Pentagon to join me in a search for thorough and complete transparency .
Finally there is accountability .
There are rules of war as there are in peace .
The lack of transparency has meant there 's been absence of accountability .
Let 's dig behind the video .
Let 's fully understand the rules the military were operating under .
Let 's have a complete picture of what was going through the fliers ' minds .
Let 's hear the Pentagon explain its interpretation of the rules of engagement and the Geneva convention and how the actions either did or did not accord with them in its view .
And , importantly , let 's keep in mind that while we focus on this particular tragedy , it is a rare circumstance that when a journalist is injured or killed in a conflict area there is a video of the death , and even more rare – as this case demonstrates – for the public to see such a video .
And then let 's have the debate .
Seeing the hundreds of articles and thousands of comments in the wake of the video 's release , it 's clear that people on every side of the issue have strong feelings .
Let 's have a debate based on fact and not on emotion .
Acceptance , transparency and accountability – these add up to true justice .
And that , in the end , is what I am after .
I want justice for the journalists who lost their lives .
Justice is not vengeance .
Justice is about holding all to account to make sure that proper lessons are learned , that mistakes are n't repeated and that tragedies do n't happen again .
Image caption Mahmoud al - Mabhouh was killed in his hotel room in Dubai on 19 January
Australia has expelled an Israeli diplomat saying Israel was behind the forging of Australian passports linked to the murder of a Hamas operative in Dubai .
Australia 's foreign minister said these were " not the actions of a friend " .
The UK took similar action in March , after concluding that Israel was responsible for the use of forged UK passports in the plot .
The Israeli foreign ministry said Australia 's decision was disappointing .
Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor said it was " not in line with the importance and the quality of the relationship between our countries " .
' Sorrow not anger '
At least four forged Australian passports were used in the killing of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai in January .
The originals belonged to Australians living in Israel .
The Australian government said a police investigation had left it in no doubt that the Israeli authorities were behind " the abuse and counterfeiting of the passports " .
As a result Foreign Minister Stephen Smith asked Israel to withdraw a diplomat , whom he did not identify
" The decision to ask Israel to remove from Australia one of its officers at the Israeli embassy in Canberra is not something which fills the Australian government with any joy , " he said .
" On the contrary , the decision was made much more in sorrow than in anger . "
Passports from France , Ireland , Germany and Britain were used in the operation , and in March , the British government expelled an Israeli diplomat from London .
The Israeli government has said there is no proof that it was behind the killing , although Dubai officials have said they are 99.9 % sure that agents from Mossad were responsible .
Luna Spas : one of the UKs leading Whirlpool Bath suppliers
Luna Spas is one of the UKs leaders in the supply of Whirlpool Baths , Shower Baths and Corner Baths .
With over 20 years  experience in supplying luxury baths and bathroom appliances we are sure to have the product you are searching for .
We offer the latest in modern and contemporary designs of Whirlpool Baths , using the highest quality materials .
Each bath we produce is manufactured to the highest standards , ensuring quality and peace of mind .
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) - The United Nations appointed Christiana Figueres of Costa Rica on Monday to be its climate chief to head stalled international talks on how to contain the world ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
Figueres , 53 , the choice of U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , is the first leader of the U.N. climate change secretariat to come from a developing country .
She will take over from Dutchman Yvo de Boer from July 1 .
She beat fellow short - listed candidate Marthinus van Schalkwyk , a former South African environment minister , for a position meant to rally global accord on a successor to the Kyoto Protocol after a disappointing summit in Copenhagen last December .
Announcing the appointment , U.N. spokesman Martin Nesirky said Figueres “ brings to this position a passion for the issue , deep knowledge of the stakeholders and valuable hands - on experience with the public sector , non-profit sector and private sector . ”
The scale of Figueres ’ task is underscored by a Copenhagen summit where 120 world leaders failed to reach a binding deal , pledging instead to mobilize $ 30 billion from 2010 - 2012 to help poor countries deal with droughts and floods , and to try to limit warming to less than 2 degrees Celsius .
This year , negotiators have agreed little except to hold two extra sessions in the run-up to a meeting in Cancun , Mexico , that begins in late November .
Many policymakers expect the Mexico meeting to fall short of a binding deal , looking to 2011 for agreement on a successor to Kyoto , whose provisions expire in 2012 .
Some analysts are doubtful of any new formal , binding pact beyond Kyoto , expecting instead a patchwork of national targets and schemes .
GOOD FOR BUSINESS
In an interview with Reuters after her appointment , Figueres said the world can salvage a new deal to combat global warming but this was not a priority for 2010 .
Rich countries must first fulfill their pledges on climate aid , she said .
“ Parties need to prove to themselves that issues already on the table , such as fast - tracking financing , that ’s not just on paper but can also be delivered .
That ’s the focus of Cancun , ” she said .
The appointment of a U.N. climate chief from the South was widely forecast after a rich - poor rift in Copenhagen , where developing countries said the industrialized world was shirking its historical responsibility for causing climate change .
Figueres has been a member of the Costa Rican climate negotiating team since 1995 and has held many senior posts in the U.N. climate process .
Her father , Jose Figueres Ferrer , was president of Costa Rica three times .
Danish Climate and Energy Minister Lykke Friis said Figueres won unanimous support on Monday from key nations at a meeting of the U.N. climate bureau in Bonn , Germany .
“ She is highly experienced , she is well connected , she knows all the negotiators .
She knows the dossiers , ” Friis said .
U.S. Special Envoy for Climate Change Todd Stern called her “ well qualified . ”
One source close to the matter said : “ If they wanted a technical bureaucrat , she ’s probably as good as you ’ll get . ”
Business and those involved in the carbon market would welcome Figueres , said Andrei Marcu , head of regulatory and policy affairs at oil trading firm Mercuria .
“ From a business point of view , she has been willing to listen in the past and we hope she will continue to do so , ” he said .
Figueres has chaired talks to increase transparency in the global carbon offset market under Kyoto , which delivers about $ 6.5 billion finance annually to help developing countries cut greenhouse gas emissions .
One source said the small island developing states -- among those most at risk from climate change -- argued strongly for Figueres , saying they wanted someone from a smaller nation .
Costa Rica has one of the world ’s most environmentally friendly policies , including a strong focus on ecotourism and a long - term goal of becoming “ carbon neutral , ” under which industrial emissions would be soaked up by forests .
The iPad does n't have a built - in camera , but you can give it something better .
By putting an app onto each an iPad and an iPhone , you can connect the two via bluetooth and have a wireless camera for your iPad .
Advertisement
All you need to do is download the Camera A and Camera B apps onto your iPad and iPhone respectively — note that Camera A will set you back a buck while Camera B is free .
Once you 've got the apps on your devices , make sure bluetooth is switched on , and open the apps .
Ta da !
You 'll see everything your iPhone 's lens sees on your iPad .
To take a picture you 'll tap the camera icon at the bottom of your iPad 's screen .
A pop up prompt will ask you if you really want to save the photo and that 's it , you 're done .
Oh , and if you want photos to save to both your iPhone and your iPad each time , then you can flip the little toggle switch in the lower right of the screen :
Advertisement
How does this witchcraft work ?
Based on the fact that I just saw my iPhone lock screen twice moments ago , I 'd say that the apps are allowing your iPad to mirror your iPhone 's display .
I guess that means that you could also use this app setup to truly turn your iPad into a gigantic iPhone .
[ Camera A and Camera B ]
Update : Keep in mind that this app will only work with an iPhone 3Gs and not other models .
From the Palestine Telegraph :
Hebron , April 20 , 2010 ( Pal Telegraph ) – Israeli authorities delivered demolition warrants to Palestinian residents in Halhul village north of Hebron in the West Bank , notifying them of their intention to demolish their homes and water reservoir .
Halhul Mayor Ziyad Abu Yousif said that Israeli forces raided Rumouz neighborhood in Hebron and notified Ahmad Awad , Muhammad Zamara and Dirar Zamara , of demolishing their homes .
The Israeli occupation forces delivered a warrant to Muhammad Abu Yousif , informing him that his water reservoir will be demolished because of it is close to area C [ in the occupied West Bank ] which is under the Israeli full control , the mayor added .
Hi , I ’m Veerle .
Start your visit by exploring my tutorials , discover the design process of my projects , learn from the same ( web ) design resources as me , or refuel your inspiration by my curated selection of graphics .
TORONTO — A clinical finish and a skillful assist by Dwayne De Rosario goal gave defending champion Toronto FC a 2 - 0 win in a rough - and - tumble opening match of the Nutrilite Canadian Championship at BMO Field on Wednesday night .
TFC captain De Rosario opened the scoring in the 11th minute when he pounced on a rebound from a Sam Cronin corner kick at the top of the Montreal six - yard box .
Last week ’s MLS Player of the Week and four - time MLS All - star swung around and converted the bouncing ball during a goalmouth scramble with a low hard shot to give Toronto a 1 - 0 lead for his fifth goal of the 2010 season .
During the fight for the ball in front of goal , Montreal ’ keeper Matt Jordan was issued a yellow card as he made an ill - timed two - footed slide tackle on Toronto defender Ty Harden while attempting to break up the play .
Jordan missed the ball and instead made hard studs - up contact with Harden , who was stretchered off the field with a laceration to his knee and was replaced by defender Raivis Hscanovics .
De Rosario then set up Toronto ’s second goal in 62nd minute with a clever left side - footed pass to Chad Barrett .
Barrett quickly controlled the pass , and then stepped around Montreal defenders Cedric Joqueviel and Adam Braz before calmly stroking a shot past Jordan to give Toronto a 2 - 0 lead .
Montreal were forced to play the final 54 minutes of the match a man down after losing veteran striker Roberto Brown to a red card in the 36th minute .
Brown delivered a not - too - subtle punch to the face of Toronto defender Nick Garcia during an off - the - ball incident in the Reds ' penalty area , and the referee wasted no time in reaching to his pocket and delivering the Panamanian international striker his marching orders .
After spending several minutes on the ground being attended to by training staff , Garcia left the game and was replaced by forward O’Brien White .
The referee handed out a total of six yellow cards and was kept busy in chippy first half calling a total of 13 fouls .
Montreal , who won the inaugural 2007 club tournament , were not without their chances as Toronto goalkeeper Stefan Frei was called on to make a spectacular diving save during first half injury time on a scorching 30 yard free kick from midfielder Leonardo Di Lorenzo .
The Impact have yet to beat Toronto in three years of competition , with Toronto winning four meetings and tying once while outscoring Montreal 11 - 2 .
The Nutrilite Canadian Championship is a three - team home - and - home round robin tournament that serves as a qualifier for the CONCACAF Champions League tournament .
The winner of the tournament earns a berth in the preliminary round of the annual continental competition with the winner advancing to the FIFA Club World Championship .
Toronto FC ( 2 - 3 - 0 in MLS action ) play their next regular season match on Saturday , May 1 when they visit Real Salt Lake at Real Tinto Stadium .
Their next match in the Nutrilite Canadian Championship is at Montreal ’s Saputo Stadium on May 12 .
Peter Gronquist has designed weapons labeled with different famous designer brands like Chanel , Gucci , Versace , Dolce & Gabanna , etc .
The artist himself thinks that today people will put a designer label on nearly anything to look and feel awesome , so he wanted to make fun of it in a way .
Gronquist says that he “ Really just wanted to make something completely ridiculous ” .
The design - labeled weapons are everything from guns to bombs , even chainsaws .
They have become so popular that movie character “ Bruno ” showed up at his own premiere in Los Angeles with a shining Chanel RGP .
Awwwwwww .
We 're shocked , shocked we tell you :
Indiana Republican Rep. Mark Souder announced Tuesday he would resign from Congress , effective Friday , because he had an affair with a staffer .
The eight - term congressman apologized for his actions but provided no details .
" I am so ashamed to have hurt the ones I love , " he said at a news conference in Fort Wayne .
" I am sorry to have let so many friends down , people who have worked so hard for me . "
... Souder , 59 , said he would not be a candidate in the fall election .
It will be up to Republican Gov. Mitch Daniels to decide whether to call a special election to fill the vacancy or wait until the November ballot .
" I sinned against God , my wife and my family by having a mutual relationship with a part - time member of my staff , " Souder said .
" In the poisonous environment of Washington , D.C. , any personal failing is seized upon and twisted for political gain .
I am resigning rather than put my family through a painful drawn out process .
Many incredible women have danced in and out of my life .
They are grandmothers , mothers , daughters , aunts , lovers , friends , sisters , and partners .
They have buried husbands and children , faced racism , confronted daunting health problems . . . yet they lead their nations , their families , and their communities with dignity , strength , and optimism .
– Wilma Mankiller
Wilma Mankiller began her journey to the spirit world on Tuesday April 6 , 2010 , due to complications from pancreatic cancer .
The legendary chief of the largest Indian nation in North America served for ten years from 1985 – 1995 as the first woman Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation of Oklahoma .
Her life and struggles can tell the story of many American Indian activists who came to social consciousness in the turbulent decades of the 1960s and ’70s .
She also served as a national voice of all Indian people , focusing on what she called “ women ’s issues ” — health care , education , cultural and language revitalization — at a time when many tribal officials were elbowing each other out of the way to build gambling empires .
She will be missed .
Wilma Mankiller was born in 1945 in the Cherokee Nation capital in Tahlequah , Oklahoma and lived her early life on her grandfather ’s allotted lands .
She often joked about the significance of her family name , Mankiller , but also noted seriously that the translation into English made the name more ominous than it was in Cherokee .
Spelled variously , asgaya dihi was in the old days a military or religious rank carried by Cherokee who served as guardians of the Cherokee way of life .
A commensurate example from US politics would be the Congressional “ whips ” ( who might have whipped recalcitrant members in the old days , but now count votes and keep the members walking the party line ) .
Wilma Mankiller lived up to her name .
She often noted that even after the Removal era of her people from their ancestral homelands in Georgia and the Carolinas , the Cherokee developed an enviable educational system which included women — and a political system that granted rights to women almost a hundred years before the United States saw fit to do the same .
The Mankiller family lands were taken over by the US Army , and they were relocated to San Francisco not long after the end of WWII .
Ms. Mankiller sometimes compared her personal history with that of the Cherokee removal .
“ I cried for days , ” she said of a family move to the West coast , “ not unlike the children who had stumbled down the Trail of Tears so many years before .
I wept tears … tears from my history , from my tribe ’s past .
They were Cherokee tears . ”
She married and had children but the American Indian occupation of Alcatraz Island in 1968 – 69 , led her back to college and work as an organizer among the Indians of California .
It was n’t long before she decided to take her talents and renewed fire for change back to Oklahoma to work for the Cherokee people .
In 1983 , Wilma was elected deputy chief of the Cherokee Nation and moved to Principal Chief in 1985 when Ross Swimmer resigned to become the head of the Bureau of Indian Affairs .
She was elected Principal Chief in her own right in both 1987 and 1991 , in a landslide election where she garnered 83 % of the vote .
Her election and tenure as an elected official of the Cherokee was not without controversy .
During her early campaigns she received death threats and had her tires slashed , but she prevailed .
And I recall that her elections electrified women and girls throughout Indian Country , inspiring them with the conviction that they too could emerge as leaders of their tribes and nations .
Throughout those hard times she managed to maintain her sense of humor .
She often recounted a story of a visit to an Eastern college where a young man assigned to escort her to and from the scheduled events struggled with what title to use in addressing her .
On the ride in from the airport he speculated aloud if her title should be “ Chiefteness , ” maybe “ Chiefette . ”
Finally , without cracking a smile , she suggested that she should be addressed as the politically correct “ Ms. Chief . ”
Services and burial for Ms. Mankiller will be held Saturday April 10 , 2010 at the Cherokee Nation ceremonial Grounds in Tahlequah , Oklahoma .
Dio had been suffering from stomach cancer American heavy metal singer Ronnie James Dio , who replaced Ozzy Osbourne in Black Sabbath , has died at the age of 67 , his wife and manager have said .
Dio had been suffering from stomach cancer .
Before joining Black Sabbath he sang in Rainbow - formed when Ritchie Blackmore left Deep Purple - and later in Heaven & Hell and the self - titled band Dio .
Dio's wife Wendy paid a loving tribute to her husband on his website , saying : " Today my heart is broken . "
She said her husband had passed away on Sunday morning .
' Live on forever ' " Many , many friends and family were able to say their private goodbyes before he peacefully passed away , " she wrote .
" Please know he loved you all and his music will live on forever . "
Black Sabbath guitarist Tony Iommi also paid tribute : " I 've been in total shock .
I just can't believe he 's gone .
" He loved his fans so much .
He was a kind man and would put himself out to help others .
I 'll miss you so much my dear friend , " he wrote on his website .
As a mark of respect , the Download Festival will re-name the second stage at this year 's festival the Ronnie James Dio stage .
He possessed one of the greatest voices in all of heavy metal , and had a heart to match
Jay Jay French ,
Twisted Sister guitarist Dio was being treated at a hospital in Houston , Texas , according to his website .
The statement of his death was confirmed by Los Angeles publicist Maureen O'Connor , Associated Press reported .
Dio revealed last summer that he was suffering from stomach cancer shortly after wrapping up a US tour .
He was born Ronald James Padavona to an Italian - American family in Portsmouth , New Hampshire .
He is said to have got the idea for his name change from a mobster called Johnny Dio .
Rated one of rock 's most powerful vocalists , he rose to fame in the mid-1970s as lead singer of Rainbow , before replacing Osbourne in Black Sabbath in 1980 .
Later that year the band released their ninth studio album , Heaven And Hell , considered by many fans as one of the greatest heavy rock LPs of all time .
Dio's solo hits included Rainbow In The Dark , The Last In Line , and Holy Diver .
" He possessed one of the greatest voices in all of heavy metal , and had a heart to match it , " Twisted Sister guitarist Jay Jay French , whose band used to tour with Dio , told AP .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I guess the idea is , when you have a new game , you need as many people to know about it as possible .
The average person is n't going to know or care about this right now , but we 'll talk about it .
So , they announce for PC , and people that would n't have otherwise talked about it do .
The word spreads slowly , meandering around , maybe someone tells somebody not on the internet .
Chatty chatty .
Then , they cancel the PC version because it's not the best option for their agenda of creating dominance in the console arena .
At this point , the hope is that people have been following the game long enough have it stuck in their heads so they grit their teeth and get the 360 version , or the word has spread enough to their friends that they decide to buy it .
To our patrons - Unfortunately all shows / events have been cancelled for the foreseeable future due to COVID - 19 containment efforts .
Rest assured we are working diligently to reschedule cancellations and we hope to provide a safe environment for you all to return to in the near future .
Stay safe , wash your hands and please practice social distancing within your circles .
​
By Dan Swenson
This animation of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill was created using actual overflight information and forecast models from the NOAA and Unified Command .
The red dot is the location of the Deepwater Horizon oil well , which exploded on April 20 , releasing oil into the Gulf near the Louisiana coast that has yet to be contained .
Eleven rig workers are missing and are presumed to have died in the explosion .
The animation begins Aprill 22 , the day the first image of the spill via flyover was released .
Patrick Lyons stands in the middle of a Dumpster , staring at a can of meat .
" I do n't know who eats this stuff , " he says .
He chucks the can aside and keeps on digging .
His ball cap is slung low over his face ; it connects to his long , thick , brown sideburns .
He digs down and -- jackpot -- he 's found what he 's looking for .
He holds three small potatoes and a yellow bell pepper up in the air .
He 's one step closer to a complete meal .
He places his bounty in a cardboard box and keeps foraging .
" One time a lady walked up to me and offered me $ 5 , " he says .
" I told her , ' I 'm not homeless .
This is political . ' "
Lyons is a freegan .
He does n't want to contribute to consumer society , so he eats for free whenever possible .
Sometimes that means digging through Dumpsters behind grocery stores .
It 's not as if this 23 - year - old ca n't afford food .
He grew up near Rice University , went to Lamar High School and now works at the Menil Collection .
It 's just that he 's got strict principles -- and he needs to feed a lot of people .
For the last four years , Lyons has been involved with Food Not Bombs .
Several times a week , about a dozen people gather together in downtown to share vegetarian food with the homeless .
The grub comes from all kinds of places , including trash cans .
Most discarded food , after all , is perfectly fine .
Lyons and his friends eat it all the time .
Most of the participants in Food Not Bombs are vegans , i.e. , people who eat no animal products : no meat , no dairy , no eggs , nada .
Freeganism is just the next logical step .
Say you order veggie fare at Taco Bell ; you just supported the same corporation that owns KFC .
Hello , bean burrito .
Bye - bye , birdie .
Anytime you buy anything , the logic goes , you 're contributing to the problem , so the only way to keep your hands clean is to get them dirty , to dig around in the Dumpster and avoid consumerism as much as possible .
And , hell , why not help out the homeless while you 're at it ?
The local chapter of FNB has been around for ten years ; the national movement for 24 .
Most of its participants are idealistic youths .
" It 's a good introduction for people -- it was for me -- into empowering yourself to be part of the solution , " says Lyons .
" Most 16 - to 20 - year - olds do n't want to sit down and do paperwork or research or writing .
So if they can run around with their friends on bikes and jump in Dumpsters and cook food together , it 's not really work . "
But it is a little dirty .
Lyons says rats and cockroaches are never really a problem , but sometimes grocers share Dumpsters with other vendors , so motor oil and other contaminants get splattered on top of the food .
" That would get you sick and is also just gross , " he says .
" And rotten food is gross , but it 's organic , so it 's not that bad . "
Dumpsters are grimy places , but freegans still follow the rules of etiquette when navigating them .
Rule No. 1 is to never make more of a mess than necessary -- you do n't want to spoil the goods for the next diver or , perhaps worse , draw undue attention from property owners .
And No. 2 , do n't take more than you need .
" It 's inefficient , " says Lyons .
" You 've got to carry it home and then it rots in your house . "
Looking out for your fellow divers is key .
" I was Dumpstering at this one place and there was this lady there who I 've seen a lot throughout the years , " he says .
" And then this other guy who I 've also seen over the years pulled up with his wife in his truck .
" We pretty much pulled everything usable out and divvied it up based on who needed what , " he says .
" We were all working together .
All three of us just did n't want the food to go to waste . "
Of course , there are those who do n't see the magic of Dumpster - diving .
" I think , for some people , it 's a matter of pride , " says Lyons .
" They do n't want to feel like they have to do that .
Society 's view of garbage is that it's no longer anything but trash ; it 's dirty . "
Sometimes even the homeless will pass up the free food offered by Food Not Bombs , once they learn where it 's coming from .
" For some people the idea of a Dumpster is so foreign that it 's a real turnoff .
But then they see us eating it , " he says .
" I 've always made it an absolute point to eat anything I 'm even thinking about giving someone . "
Lyons emphasizes that FNB does n't forage in Dumpsters for table scraps .
Day - old bread , veggies that have been replaced by slightly fresher ones , discarded sacks of flour -- this is the kind of stuff freegans are looking for .
" The food out of the Dumpster is perfectly good food , " he says .
Most of it just ends up there because of unnecessary waste .
Apparently it 's good business to keep a store constantly replenished , even when the food on the shelves is still nutritious .
Chichi grocery stores seem to be among the biggest offenders .
Their Dumpsters offer bittersweet abundance for freegans .
" I 'll eat anything out of the Dumpster , " says Lyons , " but I wish it were n't there .
I 'd like eventually for our society to not have waste like that . "
Store owners often go to great lengths to keep people from digging in the bins , even though they want nothing to do with what 's inside .
" I think the mentality is that if people can get it for free , they wo n't buy it , " Lyons says .
" So the capitalist world or whatever does n't want to make anything free available .
Obviously , it 's impractical to really care that much , but some places really do . "
THE market is not politically correct .
It often assigns lower values to humans ( their wages ) based on their race or sex , even after controlling for education and experience .
It 's just as cruel to children .
A few years ago I was disturbed to learn that it 's cheaper to adopt black American children than white .
I recently had lunch with NYU Stern School economist Allan Collard - Wexler , who has estimated adoption price sensitivity .
He found just how much adoption fees are sensitive to the race and gender of a baby .
It 's about $ 8,000 cheaper to adopt a black baby than a white or Hispanic child and girls tend to cost about $ 2,000 more than boys .
The data is just for domestic adoptions .
But about 13 % of adoptions by American parents are international .
Given how many Americans look abroad for babies , it is surprising how many prospective parents are foreign ( typically from Europe or Canada ) hoping to adopt American babies .
The foreign parents tend to be less race and gender biased .
Before the ratification of the Hague Conventions in 2008 , which limited international adoption , many of the surplus black children were adopted by non–Americans .
The new restrictions on international adoption shrunk this pool of prospective parents .
The paper finds that removing foreign parents from the adoption lowers the chance a baby will be adopted by 33 % .
What can explain the preference for non -black girls ?
The preference for girls is interesting because people tend to favour male biological children .
The authors speculate this may be because girls are considered “ safer ” in terms of dysfunctional behaviour .
The data also includes same - sex couples , which tend to favour girls ( both male and female partners ) , even more than heterosexual couples .
The race preference could stem from the desire that the adopted child resemble the parents ( most adoptive parents are white ) , and perhaps even pass for a biological child .
But this does not always seem to be the motivation .
Prospective parents like Hispanic babies as much as white , non-Hispanic ones .
Mr Collard - Wexler noted that he even found a weak ( but insignificant ) preference for Asian overwhite babies .
His sample did not include international adoptions so it's hard to measure the true demand for Asian babies .
International adoption can be more expensive , so there appears to be in many cases a preference for foreign Asian babies over black American babies .
The preferences may be based on social norms that make inter-racial adoptions ( with the exception of white - Asian ) taboo .
White - Asian adoption seems more common and there are many support networks for these families .
The paper did not find any evidence of an Angelina Jolie effect ; the timing of her and other celebrity inter-racial adoptions did not have a noticeable affect on prospective parents ' preferences .
It is hard to know exactly how many black newborns in the sample are not adopted and wind up in foster care .
Black children make up 32 % of the foster care population , but just 16 % of adoptees ( including domestic and international adoptions ) .
Finding homes for these children , or sparing them the foster system all together , is an important policy goal .
Foster care can not only be a worse outcome for the child , but can be costly to society .
The costs involve both raising the child and the long - term psychological impact of growing up in foster care , which may handicap the child 's future .
The paper found that price does play a significant role in choosing a child to adopt — perhaps enough to overcome racial bias .
But for the black child market to clear , prices must fall further .
The paper finds the cost of adopting a black baby needs to be $ 38,000 lower than the cost of a white baby , in order to make parents indifferent to race .
Boys will need to cost $ 16,000 less than girls .
No doubt , the idea of placing a lower value on children based on race or sex is repugnant .
But if it results in finding a loving home for children , and sparing them years in foster care , it may be the lesser of two evils .
This suggests that subsidising the adoption of certain kinds of children may be worthwhile .
And so far there is evidence that subsidies have increased the rate of adoption out of foster care .
Food for thought .
Inter Zapresic ’s Tomislav Bosec got so excited after scoring the goal against NK Zadar that he forgot to realize that he had jumped the advertising boards to celebrate with the to wrong fans .
One equally excited fan came ahead and slapped him .
All of which was captured on video as below –
Please check before you jump !
The Five Least " Gay " Gay Characters on Television
By Dustin Rowles | Lists | May 13 , 2010 |
I grew up in a gay household , and I had no fucking clue that my father was homosexual until the day I discovered a large stack of Playgirl magazines hidden away in a locked drawer in his desk ( even then , it took a while to fully realize it ) .
By that point , my father had convinced a lot of people , for over 40 years , that he was straight ( including my mother , who had three children with him ) .
It had never even occurred to me that he was gay because he had never exhibited any of the characteristics that television and the movies had taught me to associate with homosexuality .
No , he did n’t like sports , and he was very particular about his hair , but that ’s true of a lot of men .
In fact , he was so atypical of gay men as depicted in the popular media that , even when dudes slept overnight on the couch , it never even occurred to me that he was banging them after I fell asleep .
Gay Newsweek columnist Ramin Setoodeh , in his much discussed column this week , has raised a lot of issues around the Interwebs about what it means to act gay or straight in movies , in television , and even on the stage , arguing that openly gay actors — by virtue of being openly gay — have a difficult time convincing their audiences of the heterosexuality of their characters .
A lot of celebrities have weighed in this week ; Kristen Chenowith fired the first shot .
“ Glee ’s ” Ryan Murphy declared war , and now others are joining , including most recently openly gay screenwriter , Dustin Lance Black , who has joined GLAAD in protesting Newsweek .
Others , including Mike Alvear , have even come to defense of the Newsweek column , arguing ( maybe even reasonably ) :
“ What ’s the difference between seeing Sean Hayes in a straight role and thinking “ HE ’S GAY ” and watching Tom Cruise in any role and thinking “ HE ’S AN IDIOT ? ”
What I do n’t think has been addressed ( or rather , I have n’t seen it addressed yet , though given the proliferation of think pieces out there on the subject , surely it has already ) is the slight note of hypocrisy in Ryan Murphy ’s assault of Ramin Setoodeh .
I fully agree with all of what Murphy wrote in his open letter , but what he does n’t himself address is something that Aaron Sorkin , over on The Huffington Post , brought up : “ An actor , no matter which sex they ’re attracted to , ca n’t “ play ” gay or “ play ” straight .
Gay and straight are n’t actable things .
You can act effeminate and you can act macho ( though macho usually ends up reading as gay ) , but an actor ca n’t play gay or straight any more than they can play Catholic . ”
That was the point I was trying to make , and that many people missed , when I posted that frivolous Seriously Random List on “ The Five Gayest Straight Actors in Hollywood . ”
That was five presumably straight actors who , in some instances , fit the stereotypical mold of a gay character .
I do n’t think any of those guys are actually gay ( except for maybe Tom Cruise ) , any more than I think Hugh Jackman is gay because he likes to sing and dance — that just makes him awesome .
And the many folks who chimed in to say , “ Who cares if he ’s gay ? ” are exactly right .
Nobody should care if they are , any more than those actors ( or the movie blogger ) should care if people think they are ( although it might bother my wife occasionally , I certainly do n’t care if readers think I ’m gay ; if you grow up in Arkansas and do n’t hunt , fish , or abuse your wife , then you ’re bound to be called a “ fa ** ot ” a few times .
You accept it as a compliment because it means you ’re not an asshole homophobic needle - dick redneck with some serious insecurity issues ) .
The point I ’m getting at about Ryan Murphy is this :
He ’s not making it easy by saddling his gay character in “ Glee ” with every goddamn stereotype in the book .
I like “ Glee , ” and I like Kurt , but he ’s not exactly blowing up the stereotypes :
He ’s essentiating them .
Here ’s a kid who dresses well , moisturizes a lot , loves showtunes , and hates sports .
I have no idea if the actor who plays Kurt is straight or gay , but if he is gay , my guess is that he ’s not gay as depicted in “ Glee . ”
But that kid sure does a hell of a nice job of portraying a stereotype .
The larger point here is that Ramin Setoodeh might not have ever been able to even make his argument in the first place if it were n’t for the fact that , in movies and television , too many gay characters act gay — as dictated by people who apparently have never met a gay person in their lives — instead of acting like people .
As Sorkin wrote , you ca n’t act gay any more than you can act straight .
We all fulfill some of those gay stereotypes ( I think Ryan Reynolds is attractive and I moisturize — that ’s just good sense , people ) , as well as the straight ones ( I watch 12 hours of NFL a week during the football season and I have sex with a woman ) , but it does n’t mean we ’re either / or .
It just means we ’re people with varying interests .
Indeed , television would be a much better place and we would n’t have to worry about gay actors being typecast as flaming queens if all gay characters on television were more like these five below , who are characters who just happen to be gay instead of gay characters .
Particular respect should be paid to number five , a character that was on television around the same time as “ Will & Grace . ”
I had almost completely forgotten that “ Spin City ’s ” Carter was gay until I was putting together this post .
And , as I recall , that was even a big part of the show ’s humor : Stuart ’s ( Alan Ruck ’s ) discomfort around Carter .
But Carter and “ Spin City ” were great for exposing those stereotypes for what they are : Completely dumb .
The other four , to varying degrees , have done the same to defy gay stereotypes .
Ryan Murphy should take some notes .
Michael Boatman as Carter Sebastian Heywood in “ Spin City ”
Jesse Tyler Fergusion as Mitchell Pritchett in “ Modern Family ”
Oscar Nunez as Oscar Martinez in “ The Office ”
Michael C. Hall as David Fisher in “ Six Feet Under ”
John Barrowman as Captain Jack Harkness in “ Doctor Who ” and “ Torchwood ”
Dustin is the founder and co-owner of Pajiba .
You may email him here , follow him on Twitter , or listen to his weekly TV podcast , Podjiba .
VN : F [ 1.9.8_1114 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 7.0/10 ( 78 votes cast )
Valentine ’s
Day is right around the corner , and we ’d like to warn couples who are drunk on love ( or just drunk ) to think long and hard before partaking in the most notorious tattoo tradition : the name tattoo .
We know how it is … in the heat of the moment you and your special someone ( that person you just met at the bar ) become filled with passion ( booze ) and decide to express your love ( lust ) with matching name tattoos .
But eventually , the magic wears off and you ’re stuck with a permanent reminder of your mistakes forever … unless you ’ve got money like Johnny Depp to turn that “ Winona Forever ” tat into “ Wino Forever . ”
But there is another solution , that ’s not as painful or as expensive as laser removal .
Mind you it ’s not painless or cheap , but it ’ll do .
Cover up tattoos may not erase your mistakes , but they cover them pretty well .
We wonder if the band underneath Janine ’s name was to cover another ex-girlfriend ’s name .
At this rate he ’ll have a tattoo sleeve in no time .
Now she ’s 0 % Tony .
The shape of the flower petals hides the name pretty well in this case .
Why did n’t anyone learn from Kat Von D that neck tattoos make it hard for your new partner to give you hickeys ?
At least this rose tattoo does a pretty good job of covering up Lisa ’s name so Kelly can kiss it without getting jealous — until she gets to the OTHER tattoo at least .
This is actually a pretty good cover up , using the details in the branch to cover up the name .
Kudos to Barry ’s ex-girlfriend for coming up with something other than a flower .
Sometimes the best way to hide something is in plain sight .
Since there was no way to cover this large “ Cindy ” tattoo , he just converted it into a tribal .
Hopefully this zombie tattoo is n’t an indication that Daisy is now pushing daisies … either way , it was obviously a messy break up .
Aw , you got a Mom tattoo ?
What ?
It was to cover up a tattoo with that skank ’s initials ?
You ’re doing your own laundry from now on .
Roses are a little cliché , but not nearly as cliché as the banner heart tattoo .
Forget trying to cover it up with something elaborate … just let everyone know that the relationship is void … permanently .
Apparently we should be watching out for rose tattoos because they seem to be the ex cover up tattoo of choice .
But can you blame people ?
The folds and shading in a rose disguise letters pretty well .
She could never mention Troy and you would have no idea she was still technically married to him .
A two in one deal … she covered up Wayne ’s name and those stupid flowers .
Tramp stamps are a great way to let everyone know who your baby daddy is .
Why would you want to cover that up ?
Turned out this has an extra letter , because you caught Gary cheating on you with another guy … oh well , now it ’s a pretty purple flower tattoo .
We gotta hand it to the artist here … the stripped stockings cover up the script lettering very well .
Shayne , eat your heart out .
Not every boyfriend / girlfriend tattoo has to be a name … in this case it was their zodiac symbols , which even without a cover up does n’t really have to be so obvious after the break up .
We think maybe her and Jeffrey are doing just fine and that it was just time to cover that stupid bear with something cooler .
Watch out Josh … we think she wants you dead .
Tell it like it is .
Similar to the Tracy cover up , but much funnier … and itchier … also it burns when I pee now .
VN : F [ 1.9.8_1114 ]
Rating : +78 ( from 98 votes )
Mycobacterium vaccae bacteria are already known to decrease anxiety , but it might have even more dramatic properties .
Recent studies on mice suggest the bacteria , commonly found in the soils of people 's gardens , also increases intelligence and the ability to learn .
Advertisement
Dorothy Matthews and Susan Jenks , both of The Sage Colleges in Troy , New York , sought to build on previous experiments in which dead strains of the bacteria were injected into mice , spurring the neurons of the mice to greatly increase serotonin production .
The more immediate effect of all this extra serotonin , of course , was decreased anxiety levels , leading the earlier researchers to conclude M. vaccae has antidepressant qualities .
But Matthews was interested in a more indirect effect :
" Since serotonin plays a role in learning we wondered if live M. vaccae could improve learning in mice . "
Advertisement
To assess this , Matthews and Jenks had two groups of mice ; the experimental group was fed live specimens of the bacteria , while the control group was not .
They were then tested in a maze to see how well the two groups could navigate the challenge .
The difference was striking :
" We found that mice that were fed live M. vaccae navigated the maze twice as fast and with less demonstrated anxiety behaviors as control mice . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The mice were retested twice after the bacteria was removed from their diet .
When they were tested almost immediately afterward , they were n't quite as proficient , but still got through the maze much faster than their control counterparts .
Tested a final time three weeks later , the mice were still a little faster , but not to a statistically significant extent .
This suggests the effect of the bacteria on learning is temporary , although humans with their greater cognitive capacity might be able to derive more lasting benefits from exposure to M. vaccae .
Certainly , Matthews thinks it 's an idea that 's worth following up on :
" This research suggests that M. vaccae may play a role in anxiety and learning in mammals .
It is interesting to speculate that creating learning environments in schools that include time in the outdoors where M. vaccae is present may decrease anxiety and improve the ability to learn new tasks . "
[ American Society of Microbiology ]
StarCraft 2 Lead Designer Dustin Browder is holding court in the theater of Blizzard 's main office in Irvine , California .
We 're waiting for the data from the game to be moved onto the computer hooked up to the projector , and numerous beeps from the PC behind him seem to be a distraction .
Browder uses the time to answer some questions about the game .
" The Protoss are winning , " he tells someone who asked about game balancing .
" And they 're winning alot . "
According to their stats , when Terran faces Zerg , or Protoss faces Zerg , the win / loss numbers are within 1 percent of each other .
When Protoss faces Terran , there is a five percent advantage to Protoss .
He says they 're still gathering data , and points out that there are regional differences as well : on the Korean servers , the Zerg seem to need to be somewhat nerfed , as that race is dominating .
In the US , the Zerg seem to need a little help .
We 're not here to discuss the multiplayer though ; there have been more than enough stories written about the beta that 's currently live .
Browder claims the team found it difficult to work with both the multiplayer and single - player portion of the game , so the data was split .
He moves his hands apart to make the point .
Multiplayer is all about balance and competition , and Browder tells us he 's spending more than twelve hours a day with the balancing team working on tweaks , while the single - player is all about providing a rich and varied experience for gamers playing alone .
This is n't a training exercise for multiplayer — Starcraft 2 single - player looks , feels , and acts like a game that 's very different from what you 'll play online with others .
Divorcing the two game types has proven to be a wise move : there is now more freedom to add units and gameplay mechanics that would never work against other human players .
After the presentation finally breaks down and refuses to load again , Browder simply shrugs and kicks us out of the room .
The place we 're heading is much cooler anyway : a series of stations loaded up with the single - player portion of StarCraft 2 .
How the single - player game plays
There is now a hub you 'll visit between missions , and from this ship you 'll be be able to talk to other characters , buy upgrades to your units and vehicles , hire mercenaries , and research new technology .
This area adds a lot in the way of character , and you 'll receive detailed briefings before each mission .
Things around the environment will also change and evolve between missions , making it a good idea to click around and interact with the environment before you jump back into the next section of the game .
The hub sections are interactive , and it 's worth your time to explore them .
The arcade game in the background is playable , and the top - down title was created in the game tools included with the game .
You 'll earn cash playing the main missions , and the upgrades you can buy increase the effectiveness of your forces nicely .
The mercenaries you hire are units with special bonuses , the Devil Dogs are a group of firebats with a 60 percent bonus to health and an extra 25 percent damage .
After each group is hired , you can use them a set number of times per mission by building a mercenary structure and paying for their services with minerals .
The mercenaries do n't need to be trained ; they simply appear instantly and begin to kick ass once you pay for them .
In other words , they can turn the tide of a dire - looking battle very quickly .
The upgrade screen explains what you 're buying , and shows a video of the upgrade in action .
The fact that these units arrive in multiples and fight just like more powerful standard units goes a long way toward taking the concept of a Hero - type unit and making it work well in the StarCraft universe .
The concept works very well , and does n't take away from the large - scale feel of the game .
We played a mission called " The Dig . "
You 're tasked with grabbing a Protoss artifact from the planet , and a huge mining drill has been placed inside a base to blast through the temple 's walls .
The mission is basically timed : you have to survive until you 've gained entrance to the artifact .
The Protoss are not happy about the Terran blasphemy taking place , and are very happy to send wave after wave of forces to your base .
At first it 's a case of simply building defenses and allowing the Protoss to crash against them .
As the units become more powerful however , you 're given the option of taking control of the mining laser and aiming it at the Protoss .
While removing the laser from the wall of the temple essentially stops the clock , it 's hard to resist the draw of blasting Archons into a nearly instant oblivion .
The laser drill is an impressive unit , though immovable
The tension also comes from incoming intel : there are relics on the map , and collecting these will allow you to research more technology upgrades back at your base .
To grab these relics you 'll need to send forces out from the relative safety of your bunkered and siege - tanked base and try to survive long enough to gain possession of the rare commodities .
You 'll need to juggle the laser 's attention between fulfilling the objective of cracking the temple and using it as an ultra-powerful weapon against flying and ground - based forces attacking you , all while trying to build a team of soldiers strong enough to survive in the wild and grabbing the three Protoss relics in order to research new technology for your forces .
It is , to put it rather stupidly in the context , a blast .
I am convinced that the readers of the Symantec Security Response blog are the smartest around !
The results from our Password Survey prove it .
Actually , the number of responses itself proves it to me .
At best , I thought 20 or so of you would take the time to fill out the survey — and that would include most of my close relatives .
Instead , we got more than 400 responses in a few short days ( not even including my relatives ) .
So , thank you to all who took the time to complete the survey .
I want to comment on some of the results .
It may be a stretch to draw too many definitive conclusions from the data , but it will be fun nonetheless .
If anyone wants to comment , correct , or vehemently disagree with any of my conclusions , I ’ve set up a place to do all that here .
Let ’s get started !
My answer to question 1 was in the 11 - 20 group , but on reflection , it ’s clearly more than that .
Though there are probably only 11 - 20 that I could name at any given time , there are probably at least 11 - 20 more that I have forgotten about and will have to request a new password the next time I go to the site .
It ’s interesting to contrast this with question 6 :
Almost 80 percent of us have six or more password - protected accounts , yet almost 60 percent of us are also using our memory to keep track of them .
I have to confess that after memory failed me repeatedly , I moved to a password manager .
Memory is still my main method , but the password manager is a critical backup since my cranial hard drive seems to fail me constantly .
Speaking of hard drive failures , how many of you password management software users back that up ?
I lost a hard drive last year and spared myself a lot of pain by having the database of my password manager backed up .
According to the results of question 2 , only 8 percent of respondents use the same password everywhere .
This was an encouraging result and again proves that our readers are pretty darn smart .
I fall into the 28 percent that have a few duplicate passwords .
Maybe it ’s pure laziness on my part , but it ’s certainly convenient for my faulty memory , and those three extra mouse clicks to create an entry in the password manager can tire me out .
But seriously , I ’m working my way out of the habit .
I hope the other 28 percent of you are as well .
As a first step , do what I do and at least evaluate the risk involved before you use a duplicate password .
Ask yourself ,
Is there a risk to my money , data , or identity if I use a duplicate password here ?
How many accounts will I be putting at risk if I lose this password ?
No doubt you have accounts where a stolen password really would n’t matter , but the number of those accounts may be less than you think .
A year ago , many people probably thought they could afford to lose their login and password on Facebook .
Then their “ friends ” started asking for plane fare to get home from London .
Question 3 featured my favorite results in the whole survey .
My answer was the same as that of the majority : I want my password to be easy to remember , but hard to guess .
I suppose life is full of such contradictions ( I ’ll provide a word on how to actually accomplish this in just a minute ) .
The good news is that most of us have figured out that using certain methods to make our passwords easier to remember does not make them harder to guess .
This is indicated in the results to question 5 below :
Now , I do n’t doubt that 3 percent of us have accounts where “ password ” is the password , but people , why on earth would you admit it ?
Thanks for your honesty , but shame on you for doing it .
For the rest of you that are still using middle names , birth dates and pet names , what are you thinking ?
Security by obscurity ?
That no one but your friends and family could possibly know your pet ’s name ?
Well , if you use a social networking site , I bet I can figure it out in less than 20 minutes .
So how do you make passwords easy to remember yet hard to crack ?
I ’ll repeat my advice from the previous blog entry introducing the survey :
• Use a mix of numbers , letters , punctuation , and symbols
• Take a word or phrase that ’s meaningful to you and alter it
• Replace the first few characters in your password with numbers or symbols
• The longer the better
• Avoid personal information , repetition , sequences , and dictionary word
Thanks again for taking part in the survey .
See below for the complete list of results .
And remember , if you have comments to make , you can do it here .
===============================================================
Do you ever see an in - depth academic study of something so incredibly obvious and think , ' Why does anyone need to bother with scientifically proving that ? '.
I 'll tell you why .
Because of day 's like today , my friend .
With the NCAA considering making the switch from full face masks to half - shields , there seems to be some debate about how much full facial protection actually protects hockey players .
I guess having the word ' protect ' right in the middle of it was n't enough of a tip - off .
Anyway , there 's this theory out there that college hockey players would be safer if they went to half - shields because players would play with more respect for each other and keep their sticks down more , and that half - shields would provide better protection towards concussions .
So what do peer - reviewed scientific studies have to say on the matter ?
The Mayo Clinic published a study in 2002 that looked at 282 elite amateur ice hockey players .
Their findings :
This study demonstrates that both full and partial facial protection significantly reduce injuries to the eye and face without increasing neck injuries and concussions .
This study lumped partial face protection and full face protection in together , though the evidence shows a partial face shield is closer to having no protection than full protection .
The number of concussions in each case was n't statistically significant - 4 with none , 5 with half , 2 with full -- but the real difference is in facial injuries .
52 injuries with no face protection , 45 with half protection , and only 16 with full protection .
Around that same time , the University of Calgary put out their own study comparing half face shields to full face shields .
You can read the evidence if you want , but I 'll skip to the juicy part :
CONCLUSIONS :
The use of a full face shield compared with half face shield by intercollegiate ice hockey players significantly reduced the playing time lost because of concussion , suggesting that concussion severity may be reduced by the use of a full face shield .
That study came three years after many of the same people at the University of Calgary put together their first look at the half - shield vs. full shield debate .
The conclusions of that study :
CONCLUSIONS :
These data provide evidence that the use of full face shields is associated with significantly reduced risk of sustaining facial and dental injuries without an increase in the risk of neck injuries , concussions , or other injuries .
The most recent study I found came from The Ohio State University , published just this past December .
It appears that they did n't do any original research , but instead just combined the most credible research on the topic and synthesized the results .
Their conclusion :
CONCLUSIONS :
There is good evidence that FFP reduces the number and risk of overall head and facial injuries in ice hockey compared with PFP and no facial protection .
PFP , while not as protective as FFP , appears to offer more risk reduction than no protection .
It should be noted that there was no meaningful difference in protecting concussions , but the extreme increase in other facial injuries made the partial shield much more dangerous .
So there you go .
Think about all that time , money , and manpower of some of our brightest minds all spent to prove that wearing safety equipment is safer than not wearing safety equipment .
Scientifically speaking , the difference between a full face shield and a half face shield is pretty much nothing .
The difference in other facial injuries is very significant , with half - shields being much more dangerous .
I understand the full face shield is n't traditional in most of hockey , but the game has changed quite a bit since those traditions were created .
Fifty years ago , players were n't blasting slap shots with specially - engineered one - piece aluminum sticks .
Not to mention the difference in size and strength from specialized weight training of those players shooting the puck .
Nor were players expected to dive front of those slap shots -- notice how quickly coaches shot down taking that out of the game ?.
It took a horrible tragedy to start the discussion about pro players wearing some kind of protection on their head .
I 'd prefer to see people around hockey not continue to press their luck with some of the close calls they 've had recently and start working towards this change before something tragic happens .
Scientists are reporting discovery of what may be the " ancestral Eve " crystal that billions of years ago gave life on Earth its curious and exclusive preference for so - called left - handed amino acids .
Those building blocks of proteins come in two forms -- left - and right - handed -- that mirror each other like a pair of hands .
Their study , which may help resolve one of the most perplexing mysteries about the origin of life , is in ACS ' Crystal Growth & Design , a bi-monthly journal .
Tu Lee and Yu Kun Lin point out that conditions on the primordial Earth held an equal chance of forming the same amounts of left - handed and right - handed amino acids .
Nevertheless , when the first forms of life emerged more than 3 billion years ago , all the amino acids in the proteins had the left - handed configuration .
That pattern continued right up to modern plants and animals .
The scientists used mixtures of both left - and right - handed aspartic acid ( an amino acid ) in laboratory experiments to see how temperature and other conditions affected formation of crystals of the material .
They found that under conditions that could have existed on primitive Earth , left - handed aspartic acid crystals could have formed easily and on a large scale .
" The aspartic acid crystal would then truly become a single mother crystal : an ancestral Eve for the whole left - handed population , " the article notes .
Outer Savin ’ , three years after the Secret Santa Incident …
We had classified information that a new Santa had taken power .
The whole thing was naughty … but our noses had been out in
the cold too long .
Synopsis
Merry Gear Solid 2 : Ghost of Christmas Past is the sequel to 2006 ’s Merry Gear Solid : Secret Santa .
Set years after the events of the first game , Merry Gear Solid 2 sets Old Snake on an adventure to retrieve Santa ’s Hat from an extremist group known as the Ghosts of Christmas Past .
Using an array of new tools , and returning favorites , Solid Snake must infiltrate Outer Savin ’ mall and prevent the Ghosts from taking control of the SOC ( Spirit of Christmas ) System .
Screenshots
WASHINGTON , May 2 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. government will keep a “ boot on the neck ” of BP Plc , as it responds to a huge oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico that threatens to become an economic and ecological catastrophe , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said on Sunday .
“ Our job basically is to keep the boot on the neck of British Petroleum to carry out the responsibilities they have both under the law and contractually to move forward and stop this spill , ” Salazar told CNN ’s “ State of the Union ” program .
He said there was “ no doubt ” that a mechanism that prevents oil from blowing out of the BP well was defective , adding that 100,000 barrels or more of oil could leak per day in a worst case scenario .
The nation 's largest seniors lobby , fresh off a successful push to enact health care legislation , is jumping into the fray over financial regulatory reform today with a new television ad campaign .
The AARP ad , which the group is calling a " sing - a- long , " is running in 12 states , including several battlegrounds for the November election , such as Arkansas , Indiana and Ohio .
The spot will air through May 2 .
" We know now that older Americans lost billions of hard earned dollars due to the failure of an outdated and compromised financial regulatory system , " Nancy LeaMond , executive vice president at AARP , said in statement .
" We strongly believe that any bill the Senate passes should protect the rights of consumers first and foremost . "
AARP backed President Obama 's health care legislation , which was signed into law last month , and wound up losing tens of thousands of members who were opposed to the measure .
The financial bill , which is headed to the Senate floor later this week , has sparked similar unanimous GOP opposition so far .
The group is not disclosing how much was spent on the campaign .
Here 's the ad :
( Posted by John Fritze )
Sarah Palin has placed her lipstick - red kiss of death on Carly Fiorina in her latest Facebook post :
Please consider that Carly is the conservative who has the potential to beat California ’s liberal senator , Barbara Boxer , in November .
I ’m a huge proponent of contested primaries , so I ’m glad to see the contest in California ’s GOP , but I support Carly as she fights through a tough primary against a liberal member of the GOP who seems to bear almost no difference to Boxer , one of the most leftwing members of the Senate .
Palin 's endorsement tells more about Palin than it does Fiorina .
Fiorina nearly destroyed Hewlett - Packard during her tenure , and walked away with millions in stock and cash while thousands lost their jobs .
HP has yet to recover from her evildoing there .
Yet Palin endorses her not because of Fiorina 's politics , but because she " has the potential to beat " Barbara Boxer .
This is Sarah Palin at her most basic level : win at any cost , no matter what damage is done along the way .
It 's also clear that Palin intends to use gender as the new wedge in politics .
There 's no question in my mind that Palin 's politics are as far - right fringe as they can be , which would make Chuck Devore the logical candidate from an ideological standpoint .
If Fiorina were a man , I 'd bet Palin would n't make any endorsement here at all .
Palin 's endorsement is great news for Democrats .
It further marginalizes Campbell , who could possibly be a more difficult candidate for Boxer .
If Fiorina wins the primary , Boxer will have a far easier time than she would with Campbell .
Go Sarah , go !
Maybe she 'll even come out and campaign for Carly .
That ought to be interesting , given that she 's not even selling out small stadiums in the heartland .
Update :
It seems that Palin 's constituents are a bit aggravated over her decision .
Earlier today her original Facebook announcement was updated to include this extra justification :
Carly has been endorsed by the National Right to Life , the California Pro-Life Council , and the Susan B. Anthony List .
She is pro-life , pro-traditional marriage , pro-military , and pro-strict border security and against amnesty .
She is against Obamacare and will vote to repeal it and prevent the government takeover of private companies and industries .
Carly is also a strong supporter of the Second Amendment .
Like me , she is a member of the NRA , has a 100 % NRA rating , and she and her husband are gun owners .
She is pro-energy development and believes as I do in an all - of - the - above approach to energy independence .
She is against cap and tax .
And most importantly , Carly is the only conservative in the race who can beat Barbara Boxer .
That ’s no RINO .
That ’s a winner .
Hmmm .
NRA ratings have n't been released yet , and Carly Fiorina has n't held elective office for them to even rate her .
Worse yet , Fiorina supported cap and trade legislation before she opposed it .
LONDON ( Reuters ) - Scientists working with a feature of light described by Albert Einstein as “ spooky ” have managed to link , or entangle , up to five particles in an advance that may lead to better measuring instruments and faster computers .
Israeli researchers said Thursday their technique could be scaled up to create even larger quantum entanglements , in which light particles , or photons , exist in two possible states simultaneously .
The notion that photons can be connected in such a way that changing the state of one instantly affects another , even when they are miles apart , alarmed Einstein , who called it “ spooky action at a distance . ”
But quantum physicists -- who study the universe at the ultra - small level of atoms , photons and other particles -- have already put it to work to improve data encryption and , they hope , to someday supercharge computers .
Entanglement also lies at the heart of other new areas of quantum research , including ultra-precise measurement and improved imaging .
“ The applications are out there , although there is a big barrier between demonstrating these states and application because these quantum states are very fragile , ” Yaron Silberberg of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel said in a telephone interview .
Silberberg and colleagues reported their work in the journal Science , noting that previous entangled states had been limited to three photons .
Using the unique qualities of quantum light could help scientists build more accurate instruments for use in cosmology and to further miniaturize lithography , the precision etching technology used in making microchips , he said .
Multi-particle entangled states also open up new opportunities in the design of super - fast quantum computers , which may be used in the future to try out many possible solutions to a problem at once .
Conventional computers are based on binary “ switches , ” or bits , which can either be switched on or off and can only do one thing at a time .
Rethinking Programming Language Tutorials
Imagine you 've never programmed before , and the first language you 're learning is Lua .
Why not start with the official book about Lua ?
Not too far in you run across this paragraph :
The table type implements associative arrays .
An associative array is an array that can be indexed not only with numbers , but also with strings or any other value of the language , except nil .
Moreover , tables have no fixed size ; you can add as many elements as you want to a table dynamically .
Tables are the main ( in fact , the only ) data structuring mechanism in Lua , and a powerful one .
We use tables to represent ordinary arrays , symbol tables , sets , records , queues , and other data structures , in a simple , uniform , and efficient way .
Lua uses tables to represent packages as well .
When we write io .read , we mean " the read entry from the io package " .
For Lua , that means " index the table io using the string " read " as the key " .
All right , where to start with this ?
" Associative arrays " ?
The topic at hand is tables , and they 're defined as being synonymous with an odd term that 's almost certainly unfamiliar .
Ah , okay , " associative array " is defined in the next sentence , but it goes off track quickly .
" Indexed " gets casually used ; there 's the assumption that the reader understands about arrays and indexing .
Then there 's the curious addendum of " except nil . "
All this talk of arrays and association and indexing , and the novice 's head is surely swimming , and then the author throws in that little clarification , " except nil , " as if that 's the question sure to be on the mind of someone who has just learned of the existence of something called a table .
I 've only dissected two sentences of that paragraph so far .
Really , I should stop , but I can't resist the declaration " Lua uses tables to represent packages as well . "
Who is that sentence written for exactly ?
It has no bearing on what a table is or how to use one ; it 's a five mile high view showing that a beautifully invisible language feature -- packages -- is really not so invisible and instead relies on this table idea which has n't been explained yet .
I do n't mean to single out Lua here .
I can easily find tutorials for other languages that have the same problems .
Every Haskell tutorial trots out laziness and folding and type systems far too early and abstractly .
Why ?
Because those are the concerns of people who write Haskell tutorials .
To really learn to program , you have to go around in circles and absorb a lot of information .
You need to get immersed in the terminology .
You 'll be exposed to the foibles and obsessions of language communities .
You 'll absorb beliefs that were previously absorbed by people who went on to write programming tutorials .
It 's hard to come out of the process without being transformed .
Not only will you have learned to program , but all that nonsense that you struggled with ( " We use tables to represent ordinary arrays ... " ) no longer matters , because you get it .
After that point it 's difficult to see the madness , but it 's still there .
Programming language tutorials should n't be about learning languages .
They should be about something interesting , and you learn the language in the process .
If you want to learn to play guitar , the wrong approach is to pick up a book about music theory and a chart showing where all the notes are on the fretboard .
There 's a huge gap between knowing all that stuff and actually playing songs .
That 's why good music lessons involve playing recognizable songs throughout the process .
But what do we get in programming tutorials ?
Hello World .
Fibonacci sequences .
Much important manipulation of " foo . "
Not all tutorials are this way .
Paradigms of Artificial Intelligence Programming is a survey of classic AI programs mixed together with enough details about Lisp to understand them .
I 've mentioned others in Five Memorable Books About Programming .
But I still want to see more .
" Image Processing in Lua . " " Massively Multiplayer Games in Erlang . "
" Exploring Music Theory ( using Python ) . "
I 'll give a real example of how " Image Processing in Lua " could work .
You can convert the RGB values of a pixel to a monochrome intensity value by multiplying Red , Green , and Blue by 0.3 , 0.6 , and 0.1 respectively , and summing the results .
That 's an easily understandable Lua function :
function intensity (r , g , b ) return r*0.3 + g*0.6 + b*0.1 end
If each color value ranges from 0 to 255 , then a full white pixel should return the maximum intensity :
intensity ( 255 , 255 , 255 )
and it does : 255 .
This tiny program opens the door for showing how the R , G , and B values can be grouped together into a single thing ... and that turns out to be a table !
There 's also the opportunity to show that each color element can be named , instead of remembering a fixed order :
{green=255 , blue=255 , red=255}
Rewriting the " intensity " function first using tables and then using tables with named elements should hammer home what a table is and how it gets used .
There was no need to mention any techy tangentials , like " tables have no fixed size . "
( That can go in a terse reference doc . )
After all , the reason to learn a programming language is to do something useful with it , not simply to know the language .
( If you liked this , you might like The World 's Most Mind - Bending Language Has the Best Development Environment . )
permalink April 3 , 2010
previously
Anderson Lake is a company man , AgriGen 's Calorie Man in Thailand .
Under cover as a factory manager , Anderson combs Bangkok 's street markets in search of foodstuffs thought to be extinct , hoping to reap the bounty of history 's lost calories .
There , he encounters Emiko .
Emiko is the Windup Girl , a strange and beautiful creature .
One of the New People , Emiko is not human ; instead , she is an engineered being , creche - grown and programmed to satisfy the decadent whims of a Kyoto businessman , but now abandoned to the streets of Bangkok .
Regarded as soulless beings by some , devils by others , New People are slaves , soldiers , and toys of the rich in a chilling near future in which calorie companies rule the world , the oil age has passed , and the side effects of bio-engineered plagues run rampant across the globe .
What Happens when calories become currency ?
What happens when bio- terrorism becomes a tool for corporate profits , when said bio - terrorism 's genetic drift forces mankind to the cusp of post - human evolution ?
In The Windup Girl , award - winning author Paolo Bacigalupi returns to the world of " The Calorie Man " ( Theodore Sturgeon Memorial Award - winner , Hugo Award nominee , 2006 ) and " Yellow Card Man " ( Hugo Award nominee , 2007 ) in order to address these poignant questions .
At a fringe meeting at the party 's annual conference in Brighton in 2006 Mr Davies , calling on the Lib Dem leadership to consider legalising all drugs , said the issue should be " looked at again " .
Mr Davies said at the time of Mr Clegg , then the Lib Dem home affairs spokesman : " I know from brief talks with him that he is mindful to do so , but I know he is mindful of giving ammunition to the opposition . "
Bases de datos eran vendidas en YouTube .
Utilizaban videos para mostrar la información que tenía a la venta ; una empresa ofrecía almacenaje de los archivos con un perfil falso
IFAI plantea cambiar leyes y evitar que partidos den mal uso al padrón electoral ; para expertos , la circulación ilegal de datos implica un riesgo de seguridad nacional
Head & Brain Injuries Caused by Accidents
Seeking compensation for accident victims suffering traumatic brain injuries
Head and brain injuries can occur in almost any type of accident in which there is a bump , blow , jolt , impact or penetrating injury to the head or a lack of oxygen to the brain .
Whether you fell and hit your head while on someone else ’s property or were injured in a car accident caused by the negligence of another , you may suffer serious damage .
Brain injuries can affect all aspects of your life , from your ability to earn an income to your enjoyment of daily life activities and being able to care for yourself .
Our lawyers understand what a terrible impact a head or brain injury can have on your life .
With decades of experience both in and out of courtrooms , we help you recover just compensation so that you can get the medical treatment and care , lost wages , compensation for pain and suffering , and other damages that you deserve .
More information here @ https://www.carabinshaw.com/odessa-auto-accident.html
What are the common causes of a head injury ?
The most common cause of a traumatic brain injury ( TBI ) in the United States is a slip or trip and fall accident .
While falls can injure victims of all ages , they are primarily harmful to children and elderly adults .
They cause half of all head injuries in children up to 14 and more than 60 percent in adults 65 years and older .
The second most common cause of brain injury is an auto accident .
More than 17 percent of TBIs are caused by traffic accidents , including accidents involving trucks and motorcycles .
Head injuries received in a truck accident may be particularly serious or fatal because of the severity of these accidents .
Motorcyclists , on the other hand , can help protect themselves from serious TBI by wearing helmets .
According to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , helmets are 67 percent effective in preventing brain injuries , and helmeted riders have a 73 percent lower fatality rate than riders without helmets .
In addition to falls and motor vehicle accidents , more than 16 percent of brain injuries are caused when the head is struck by or against a moving or stationary object .
Another 10 percent are caused by assaults .
What types of brain injuries occur in accidents ?
Whether due to a car accident , a workplace accident , a slip and fall accident or any other accident caused by the negligence of someone else , head injuries tend to be very serious .
Brain injuries can include a wide range of harm :
Tearing of the delicate brain tissue , such as from a sudden impact
Bruising , caused by impact to the skull
Swelling
Deprivation of oxygen , called anoxic brain injury
When a traumatic brain injury occurs , the victim may suffer a variety of short - or long - term effects , including :
Coma
Concussion
Behavior and personality changes
Concentration and memory problems
Paralysis
Loss of senses , such as touch or smell
Depression , anxiety or other mood changes
Impaired speech and vision
Seizures
Physical or mental impairment
What are the symptoms of a brain injury ?
When a brain injury occurs , it is important to act quickly to recognize the signs and symptoms so you can seek immediate medical attention and minimize possible long - term harm .
Many different symptoms indicate brain injury , including :
Loss of consciousness
Dilated pupils
Being dazed , confused or disoriented
Memory or concentration problems
Persistent or worsening headache
Dizziness , loss of balance or loss of coordination
Nausea or vomiting
Sensory problems
Slurred speech
Sensitivity to light or sound
Mood changes or mood swings
Agitation , combativeness or other unusual behavior
Feeling depressed or anxious
Fatigue or drowsiness
Difficulty sleeping , sleeping more than usual or the inability to wake up
Weakness or numbness in fingers and toes
Convulsions or seizures
Clear fluids draining from the nose or ears
Contact our experienced lawyers for personalized service
If you have suffered a serious head or brain injury in an accident caused by another , our attorneys have the knowledge , resources and staunch commitment to help you obtain compensation through a lawsuit or settlement .
For help with your brain injury case , call us at any time to schedule a free consultation .
More information on this link @https://no1-lawyer.com/
Carabin Shaw P.C .
630 Broadway St , San Antonio , TX 78215
Maps : https://goo.gl/maps/qHSXcYLup63RFZcB9
[ squeak - dev ] Proposal : Project Pink Book
Am 21.04.2010 07:18 , schrieb Casey Ransberger : >
Anyway , I 'm dying to hear what people think !
Nothing to die for ...
The PDF comes up completely blank with the Ubuntu PDF displayer ( evince ) .
Looks like evince is n't able to handle the embedded type1 font , strange .
As always with attached documents in mail , please consider twice whether what you want to say can't be said in simple words within an e-mail .
I realize that sending PDFs is much friendlier than using some document format invented by you - know - who .
I could select the invisible text and copy it into a workspace , so the textual contents were readable .
Overall , I think the direction sounds nice , but I can't say whether it will work - that depends on getting a critical mass of Squeakers into the boat .
Cheers , Hans - Martin
Export / Download Printable Text ( .txt ) CSV Multiverse id ( .txt ) Markdown / Reddit MTGO ( .dek ) MTG Salvation
MTG Arena
Copy to clipboard
2 Bloodbraid Elf ( C16 ) 184 2 Flame Slash ( CN2 ) 157 6 Forest ( ZNR ) 278 2 Goblin Guide ( 2XM ) 127 2 Kazandu Refuge ( MYS1 ) 256 4 Kiln Fiend ( JMP ) 338 4 Lightning Bolt ( JMP ) 342 2 Momentous Fall ( JMP ) 411 8 Mountain ( ZNR ) 275 2 Nest Invader ( MYS1 ) 69 2 Prey 's Vengeance ( IMA ) 4 Rage Nimbus ( ROE ) 4 Rootbound Crag ( XLN ) 256 2 Ruinous Minotaur ( ZEN ) 2 Searing Blaze ( DDI ) 67 4 Soul 's Majesty ( C17 ) 158 2 Spawning Breath ( ROE ) 4 Staggershock ( MYS1 ) 1 2 Vines of Vastwood ( MM2 )
Copied to clipboard .
You can now import it in the MTG Arena client .
In TappedOut 's comments / forums
In TappedOut 's comments / forums with pie-chart
On your blog
This will require TappedOut.js included in your blog .
The book describes how the agency sent a Russian nuclear scientist — who had defected to the United States and was secretly working for the C.I.A. — to Vienna in February 2000 to give plans for a nuclear bomb triggering device to an Iranian official under the pretext that he would provide further assistance in exchange for money .
The C.I.A. had hidden a technical flaw in the designs .
The scientist immediately spotted the flaw , Mr. Risen reported .
Nevertheless , the agency proceeded with the operation , so the scientist decided on his own to alert the Iranians that there was a problem in the designs , thinking they would not take him seriously otherwise .
Mr. Risen described the operation as reckless , arguing that Iranian scientists may have been able to “ extract valuable information from the blueprints while ignoring the flaws . ”
He also wrote that a C.I.A. case officer , believing that the agency had “ assisted the Iranians in joining the nuclear club , ” told a Congressional intelligence committee about the problems , but that no action was taken .
It is not clear whether the Iranians had figured out that the Russian scientist had been working for the C.I.A. before publication of Mr. Risen ’s book .
The Bush administration had sought Mr. Risen ’s cooperation in identifying his sources for the Iran chapter of his book , and it obtained an earlier subpoena against him in January 2008 under Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey .
But Mr. Risen fought the subpoena , and never had to testify before it expired last summer .
That left it up to Mr. Holder to decide whether to press forward with the matter by seeking a new subpoena .
If a judge does not agree to quash the subpoena and Mr. Risen still refuses to comply , he risks being held in contempt of court .
In 2005 , a Times reporter , Judith Miller , was jailed for 85 days for refusing to testify in connection with the Valerie Plame Wilson leak case .
Department rules say prosecutors may seek such subpoenas only if the information they are seeking is essential and cannot be obtained another way , and the attorney general must personally sign off after balancing the public ’s interest in the news against the public ’s interest in effective law enforcement .
Congress is considering legislation that would let judges make that determination , giving them greater power to quash subpoenas to reporters .
The Obama administration supports such a media - shield bill , and the House of Representatives has passed a version of it .
But a Senate version has been stalled for months .
Feds may set Gulf oil slick ablaze
A satellite shot , taken Monday , of the oil slick off the coast of Louisiana .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Coast Guard officials are considering setting the Gulf of Mexico oil slick on fire as it moved Tuesday to within 20 miles of sensitive ecological areas in the Mississippi River Delta .
Officials say it could become one of worst spills in U.S. history .
Oil is still leaking at a rate of about 42,000 gallons a day from the well , located some 50 miles off the coast of Louisiana beneath a drill rig that exploded and sank last week .
Eleven workers are still missing following the incident , and are presumed dead .
BP , the well 's owner , is racing to shut off the well using eight remote controlled submarines , but has had no luck as of yet .
" If we do n't secure the well , this could be one of the most serious oil spills in U.S. history , " Coast Guard Rear Admiral Mary Landry , head of a joint response task force , said at a press conference Tuesday afternoon .
Twenty miles is the closest the slick has come to land so far .
Officials said oil slicks are sometimes set on fire , especially when they are near sensitive marsh areas where heavy equipment used to clean the oil may cause more harm than good .
If the slick is set on fire , it would be a controlled burn using fire - proof booms , and only done during the day , said Landry .
It could begin as early as Wednesday .
The spill , measured from end to end , stretched as wide as 42 miles by 80 miles , although oil is n't necessarily covering that entire area .
Most of the slick is a thin sheen on the water 's surface , ranging in thickness from a couple of molecules to the equivalent of a layer of paint .
About 3 % of it is a heavy , pudding - like crude oil .
At its current flow rate would take over 260 days to rival the Exxon Valdez disaster , which discharged some 11 million gallons into Alaska 's Price William Sound .
Still , even if it never compares to the Exxon Valdes spill 's size , if it makes landfall it'll have serious ecological repercussions .
The Coast Guard , BP , and the rig's owner Transocean ( RIG ) , have deployed nearly 50 vessels to help contain and clean the slick .
Marine life has been spotted in the area .
Over the weekend a plane from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service sighted five small whales nearby .
Crews working to contain the spill were alerted to their presence .
Efforts are also underway near the shoreline to deal with the spill should it reach land , including positioning boom material around sensitive ecological areas .
Five staging areas have been set up on land , stretching from Venice , La. to Pensacola , Fla .
Landry said it appears the slick should remain at sea for at least the next three days , although weather reports for the latter part of that period suggest the wind could shift and blow the slick toward land .
The oil , if it stays at sea , will eventually evaporate , breakdown and sink , or get cleaned up .
But analysts have said the spill could have political fallout , especially if it reaches shore .
Several lawmakers and interest groups have led a charge over the last several years to open up more parts of the U.S. coast for oil drilling , efforts that are generally supported by the public .
That support could erode if crude oil starts washing up on the Louisiana or Mississippi coasts .
The well is expected to continue leaking until it is sealed .
The leak appears to be coming from a pipe that ran from the well head to the drilling rig , which is now laying upside down in 5,000 feet of water not far from the well head .
It has not been decided if the rig will be salvaged or remain where it is , a Transocean official said Monday .
To seal the leak , three approaches are being tried .
BP is now using a set of remote controlled submarines in an attempt to activate the well 's " blow out preventer " -- a steel device the size of a small house that sits atop the well and is intended to choke off the flow of oil in the event of a disaster .
It 's not clear why that device did n't not originally act to cap the well , or if it will be of any use going forward .
BP ( BP ) is also bringing in another drilling rig which could seal the well , but that effort will take months , according to a BP spokesman .
In the meantime , the company is also trying a novel approach to capture the oil -- using a dome right above the well head .
The dome resembles an inverted funnel , with a pipe leading up to ships waiting at the surface to capture the oil .
That tactic has never been tried in water this deep .
A BP spokesman said the dome should be ready in two to four weeks .
The blast last week , which is still under investigation , resulted in 11 workers going missing .
The search for them was suspended last Friday .
115 other people made it off the rig after it exploded , most of them safely .
One person remains in the hospital .
US Predators fired missiles a Taliban compound and a vehicle today in the first recorded airstrike in Pakistan ’s Khyber tribal agency .
The unmanned Predators or the more deadly Reapers attacked a home “ and two trucks loaded with militants ” in Khyber , Pakistan ’s gateway to Afghanistan , The Associated Press reported .
Between five and 15 Taliban fighters were reported killed in the attack , which took place in the Tirah Valley .
The target of the attack is not clear , and no senior Taliban or al Qaeda leaders or operatives have been reported killed .
The attack is the first in Khyber since the first US airstrike was recorded in 2004 .
Most of the attacks have focused on North and South Waziristan .
The 135 recorded strikes in Pakistan ’s northwest are distributed as follows : 81 in North Waziristan , 43 in South Waziristan , three in Bajaur , two each in Kurram and Bannu , and one each in Arakzai and Khyber .
Khyber is a terrorist haven
Khyber has become a hub of Taliban and al Qaeda activity since the Pakistani military launched an operation in the Mehsud tribal areas in South Waziristan in October 2009 .
Taliban forces have relocated to the Bara and Jamrud regions , and the Tirah Valley in the Khyber [ see LWJ report , “ Taliban escape South Waziristan operation ” ] .
Tariq Afridi , a powerful Taliban commander based in Darra Adam Khel , has taken control of Taliban operations in Khyber .
The Taliban and Lashkar - e - Islam , a local Taliban ally commanded by Mangal Bagh , have gained power in Khyber despite a series of Pakistani military operations that began in the summer of 2007 which were supposedly designed to relieve Taliban pressure on neighboring Peshawar .
A total of five military offensives have failed to dislodge the terror groups .
Both the Taliban and the Lashkar - e - Islam are known to operate bases and training camps in the Tirah Valley , as well as in Bara and Jamrud in Khyber .
These safe havens enable these terror groups to launch attacks inside Pakistan as well across the border in Nangarhar province in Afghanistan .
In November 2008 , the US military attacked Taliban forces in the Tirah Valley after they retreated across the border from Nangarhar in Afghanistan .
US strike aircraft and artillery killed seven Taliban fighters during the hot pursuit .
The Khyber Pass is NATO ’s main conduit for supplies into Afghanistan ; an estimated 70 percent of NATO ’s supplies move through this strategic crossing point .
The Taliban forced the Khyber Pass to be shut down seven times between September 2007 and April 2008 due to attacks .
US strikes in Pakistan , by the numbers
Today ’s strikes make for the fifth reported inside Pakistan this month .
The US is well on its way to exceeding last year ’s strike total in Pakistan , and has matched the 2008 total .
So far this year , the US has carried out 36 strikes in Pakistan ; all but one of the strikes this year have taken place in North Waziristan .
In 2009 , the US carried out 53 strikes in Pakistan .
[ For up - to - date charts on the US air campaign in Pakistan , see : “ Charting the data for US airstrikes in Pakistan , 2004 – 2010 . ” ]
Unmanned US Predator and Reaper strike aircraft have been pounding Taliban and al Qaeda hideouts in North Waziristan over the past several months in an effort to kill senior terror leaders and disrupt the networks that threaten Pakistan , Afghanistan , and the West .
[ For more information , see LWJ report , “ Senior al Qaeda and Taliban leaders killed in US airstrikes in Pakistan , 2004 – 2010 . ” ]
Most recently , on March 8 , a US strike in a bazaar in Miramshah killed a top al Qaeda operative known as Sadam Hussein Al Hussami .
Hussami was a prot
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
Ian Hardy looks at innovative camcorders geared up for surfers , cyclists , divers and all sorts of other adrenaline junkies .
Recording devices are becoming more compact while software , such as that which stabilises images , is helping amateurs improve the quality of their home movies .
It ’s impossible to read Krista Tippett ’s new book Einstein ’s God : Conversations about Science and the Human Spirit without hearing her distinctive voice , and this is a good thing .
It ’s soft and highly articulate , conveying unmistakable sincerity and curiosity , qualities which are not often heard in public conversations about religion .
As host of the nationally syndicated public radio show Speaking of Faith , Tippett seeks out highly respected figures with an angle on religion “ not as argued , ” she says , “ but as lived . ”
She steeps herself in their work and asks questions which often seem to surprise interviewees and listeners alike with their depth and insight .
Tippett has meanwhile been accused of soft - pedaling her guests , of not pushing them on controversial points .
But her show is not about debate ; it ’s a form of advocacy .
Each episode is calibrated to get at the root of her guests ’ beliefs — or , at least , a particular root which Tippett has already decided deserves to see the light of day .
She does not , as a rule , discuss theology in the abstract .
She did not ask a former Islamic extremist , for sample , “ What does the Qur’an say about violence ? ” — but emphasizes instead the personal — “ Could you talk about the appeal of [ Islamic extremism ] to you at that point in your life and in this milieu ? ”
What comes out is something more empathetic , more sincere , and more seeking than the usual fare .
Since 2001 , she has interviewed nearly 400 people on topics as heavy as climate change , genocide , and the Israeli - Palestinian crisis , not to mention shows on Rumi , the spirituality of fly fishing , and the morality of television dramas .
Einstein ’s
God is a collection of 13 interviews with distinguished scientists and writers on science , each with a thoughtful introduction from Tippett .
Here , again , her interviewees are people with deep knowledge and unique perspectives on science and religion ; among them are distinguished physicist Freeman Dyson , Darwin biographer James Moore , and psychologist Michael McCullough , who studies revenge and forgiveness .
The premise behind each conversation is that science and religion are not in conflict , and that believing they are has led us all astray .
As Hindu scholar and physicist V. V. Raman tells Tippett , though we talk about a “ cognitive dissonance ” between religion and science , many of us live with an “ experiential consonance . ”
It almost goes without saying , as Tippett puts it in one podcast , “ we are not going to talk about Richard Dawkins . ”
She ’s not the only one on a mission to reconcile science and religion lately .
Lots of thinkers are beginning to pipe up against the binary , divisive — and predominantly male — juggernaut of New Atheism .
In 2009 , NPR religion reporter Barbara Bradley Hagerty released Fingerprints of God : The Search for the Science of Spirituality , in which she sets off on a fervent , personal search for scientific evidence to back up her personal spiritual beliefs .
Robert Wright , whose The Evolution of God was a finalist for the 2009 Pulitzer Prize , contends that religions have evolved toward an embrace of new knowledge and a wider moral circle .
And of course there ’s Karen Armstrong , supreme spokeswoman against fundamentalism and for compassion .
Each of these authors dwells on religious practice more than doctrine .
Likewise for Einstein ’s God .
It is on the level of what people do that the distinction between science and religion gets blurry .
One might study physics all day , but when visiting a relative in a hospital , one prays .
We take antidepressants , and then we meditate .
I ’m all for the third way whenever there is one to be found .
But in Tippett ’s earnest efforts to re-characterize the science - and - religion relationship , there ’s another crucial part of practice which is largely ignored : politics .
Too often , Tippett simply leaves some of the most important implications of her interviewees ’ experience untouched .
This happens in a number of ways .
V. V. Raman professes astonishment that Americans put up such a fuss about having prayer in schools .
He had to recite both Hindu prayers to Sarasvati and the Our Father in Latin , and he knows that neither did him any harm .
Tippett does not stop to draw the distinction between apparent harmlessness and the long , messy history of constitutional law and partisan debate that keeps prayer out of American schools .
She simply goes on to another topic .
In another show , Dr. Mehmet Oz , the cardiologist and proponent of alternative medicine — or as he calls it , “ global medicine ” — bemoans the fact that there is not funding to study the efficacy of non-Western techniques , but the reasons why are never discussed .
At least Dr. Janna Levin , an astrophysicist and novelist , is admirably direct in her admission that sometimes , spending her days contemplating the large - scale structure of the universe does indeed make human political squabbles seem rather small and petty .
This does n’t mean , however , they can be put aside entirely .
Questions of science and religion invariably come with a few other things on the line : scientific credibility , legislative agendas , and considerable amounts of money .
The John Templeton Foundation , for instance , funds a prize larger than the Nobel for “ affirming life ’s spiritual dimension , ” making the stakes for public conversation about science and religion higher than ever .
Their money also helped support , among many other things , Einstein ’s God .
Templeton has practically trademarked the pursuit of “ Big Questions , ” which it defines in terms of “ science , religion , markets , and morals . ”
This territory covers , connects , and frames a wide range of hot - button political topics : stem - cell research , sexuality , end - of - life issues , the teaching of evolution in public schools .
Yet , like Tippett herself , the foundation does its best to appear above politics .
When so much money is at stake , though , is it possible to have no earthly interest in how it is spent ?
What is this agenda of no-agenda ?
Only the last interview in the book , with Templeton Prize winner John Polkinghorne — distinguished theologian , mathematical physicist , and author of 26 books on the relationship between science and religion — does Tippett actually ask a political question : what does Polkinghorne think of the “ intelligent design ” movement ?
At least , I thought that was a political question ; Polkinghorne did n’t seem to .
After discussing the concept of “ irreducible complexity ” ( the idea that some natural systems are so complex that they must have been created all at once by a designer ) , he notes that the movement ’s questions are “ in principle , scientifically answerable , ” but , he concludes , “ I do n’t think we yet know the answers .
So I ’m very cautious about the line of argument they ’re trying to make . ”
Polkinghorne may be cautious , but in this case , not recognizing intelligent design ’s political context is a more serious sin of omission .
And Tippett makes no point of bringing it up .
Intelligent design is considered by the scientific community , as well as a federal court , to be the calculated , cynical rebranding of Christian creationism in the guise of actual science .
The ID movement ’s attempt to frame its questions as “ scientifically answerable , ” is part of the ploy that enables them to advocate for “ teaching the conflict ” over evolution , when there really is n’t any among serious scientists .
( Some of the same groups are now trying similar methods to bring climate - change denialism into the public schools . )
By failing to make this context clear , it is hard not to feel that Tippett and Polkinghorne are colluding in miseducation .
I sympathize with her non-confrontational impulse , but in this case , one has to recognize that the conflict between science and a certain highly politicized religious phenomenon is real .
This past Easter weekend , Speaking of Faith aired Tippett ’s interview with two astronomers who also happen to be Jesuits .
Unfortunately it came after press time for Einstein ’s God , but Tippett ’s conversation served as an interesting reprise to the one with Polkinghorne .
Brother Guy Consolmagno and Father George Coyne were especially insightful on the topic of biblical literalism , the practice of reading the Bible as a scientific text rather than a spiritual one , prose rather than poetry .
This troubling development — Coyne called it “ a plague ” — is at the core of creationism and intelligent design .
In the unedited podcast of the interview , Tippett suggests that literalism began with the Reformation , when people began to be able to read the Bible for themselves , but Brother Guy Consolmagno politely begged to differ .
He posits that the more relevant historical period was “ in the 1960s , with the culture wars ” — precisely when modern , “ scientific ” creationism began to take hold .
To this , Tippett has nothing to say .
And the entire exchange was n’t part of the final Speaking of Faith broadcast .
It left me with the impression that when it comes to religion and science , Tippett considers recent political history too hot to handle .
Is it possible to be respectful of religion while acknowledging and evaluating its entanglements with earthly power structures ?
I certainly hope so .
We all want to get beyond the culture wars — or if we do n’t , we should .
But we ca n’t do so by pretending they do n’t exist .
By Patrick Bond , Durban
April 14 , 2010 -- Just how dangerous is the World Bank and its neo-conservative president Robert Zoellick to South Africa and the global climate ?
Notwithstanding South Africa 's existing US $ 75 billion foreign debt , on April 8 the bank added a $ 3.75 billion loan to South Africa 's electricty utility Eskom for the primary purpose of building the world 's fourth - largest coal - fired power plant , at Medupi .
It will spew 25 million tons of the climate pollutant carbon dioxide into the air each year .
[ For more background go to http://links.org.au/node/1570.]
South Africa 's finance minister Pravin Gordhan has repeatedly said that this is the World Bank's " first " post - apartheid loan , yet the bank 's 1999 and 2008 Country Assistance Strategy documents show conclusively that Medupi is the 15th credit since 1994 .
Gordhan also claimed the loan will now help South Africa " build a relationship " with the bank .
He forgets the bank co-authored the African National Congress ( ANC ) government 's neoliberal 1996 Growth , Employment and Redistribution ( GEAR ) program , which led us to overtake Brazil as the world 's most unequal major country , as black people 's incomes fell below 1994 levels and white people 's incomes grew by 24 per cent , according to official statistics .
Gordhan neglects that the World Bank itself regularly brags about its " knowledge bank " role here .
In 1999 , for example , after economist John Roome suggested to then water minister Kader Asmal that the government impose " a credible threat of cutting service " to people who cannot afford water , the bank 's Country Assistance Strategy reported that its " market - related pricing " advice was " instrumental in facilitating a radical revision in South Africa 's approach " .
As a result , the cholera epidemic the following year -- catalysed by water disconnections -- killed hundreds .
Similar misery will follow the Eskom loan .
Medupi will be built in a water - scarce area where communities are already confronting extreme mining pollution .
Forty new Limpopo and Mpumalanga coal mines will be opened to provide inputs to Medupi and its successor , Kusile .
ANC conflict of interest
More worryingly , power - plant construction plans include a pay - off of $ 135 million profit for the ANC , whose investment arm owns a quarter of Hitachi , which received a $ 5 billion Eskom contract .
So blatant is the conflict of interest that the government 's public protector last month judged Valli Moosa -- then chair of Eskom and an ANC finance committee member -- to have acted " improperly " .
Official embarrassment is acute , especially since the World Bank issued a major report , Quiet Corruption , just weeks ago .
This is a prime case .
The potential sale of the ANC 's share in Hitachi within the next six weeks ( announced and then retracted ) does n't really mitigate matters , given Medupi 's huge cost escalations ( from $ 5.5 billion to $ 18 billion ) and the increased value of Hitachi 's shares thanks to the improper , corrupt contract .
Five dozen SA civic , environmental , church , academic and labour organisations began a campaign against the World Bank loan in February .
They are concerned not only that catastrophic climate change will be hastened , along with privatisation of electricity generation , but worse , Medupi 's main beneficiary will be the world 's largest metals and mining corporations , which already receive the world 's cheapest electricity thanks to multi- decade deals cut in the last years of apartheid .
In early April , a small modification was made to one sweetheart " Special Pricing Agreement " -- but it was to BHP Billiton's " advantage " , the Melbourne - based company reported .
Medupi's vast costs will mainly be passed on to people who cannot afford to pay the loan , through a 127 per cent electricity price increase over four years .
Protests against service delivery deficits make South Africa among the world 's most dissent - rich countries and the Congress of South African Trade Unions ( COSATU ) is threatening a national strike against Eskom that may well last into the soccer World Cup , which starts on June 11 .
Bond boycott
South African civic groups and their 140 international allies now say they will start financial punishment of the institution , harking back to the World Bank bonds boycott campaign launched by the late poet - activist Dennis Brutus exactly a decade ago .
In response to Brutus 's call , the city of San Francisco and other municipalities pledged not to buy World Bank bonds .
Scores of major financial institutions and endowment funds followed suit , including the world 's largest pension fund , TIAA - CREF , whose annual meetings Brutus visited on three occasions .
With the focus now broadening to include climate , San Francisco supervisor Ross Mirkarimi reacted angrily to the Eskom financing : " The loan provides sobering proof that the World Bank 's recent talk about its commitment to climate finance was nothing but a bunch of hot air .
We will renew our commitment to keep our clean money from being tarnished by investment in the bank 's coal - dirtied bonds . "
Neo-con boss
To understand why the bank took this huge risk -- with major shareholders like the US and European countries abstaining from voting -- requires insights into its leader , Zoellick .
A major player in the " war on terror " , Zoellick served as number two at George W. Bush 's State Department and then in 2007 replaced World Bank president Paul Wolfowitz , who was fired by the bank board for arranging a plush State Department job for his girlfriend .
Like Wolfowitz , Zoellick was at the outset a proud member of the neo- conservative think tank , the Project for a New American Century , and as early as January 1998 went on record arguing that Iraq should be illegally overthrown .
In the same period , Zoellick also worked for Fannie Mae , Enron and Alliance Capital , all of which effectively went bankrupt .
From 2001 - 05 , Zoellick was the US trade minister , and his bumbling at the 2003 Cancun ministerial summit confirmed the World Trade Organization 's subsequent demise .
And just prior to becoming World Bank president , Zoellick was a top executive at Goldman Sachs , widely blamed for amplifying the 2008 - 09 global financial crisis .
Zoellick 's efforts promoting the World Bank as lead climate financier at the December 2009 UN Copenhagen climate summit were equally unsuccessful , and the bank 's backing of carbon markets has now now widely been decried as a lost cause .
Zoellick has broken many things in his career , and having now granted Eskom the $ 3.75 billion loan , he can add to his belt some new notches : the budgets of poor and working South Africans who will suffer the demise of their electricity budget , local ecology , national democracy and the climate .
[ Patrick Bond directs the University of KwaZulu - Natal Centre for Civil Society in Durban . ]
Brent Anderson , a marketing executive with another Southwest builder , Meritage Homes , said it bought 713 lots in stricken Arizona last year , and was on the verge of starting construction in a new Phoenix community called Lyon ’s Gate .
Image Josh Snider and Cindy Rojas visited the lot for their home at Coronado Ranch in Las Vegas , developed by America West .
Credit ... Laura Rauch for The New York Times
“ We ’re building them because we ’re selling them , ” Mr. Anderson said .
“ Our customers would n’t care if there were 50 homes in an established neighborhood of 1980 or 1990 vintage , all foreclosed , empty and for sale at $ 10,000 less .
They want new .
And what are we going to do , let someone else build it ? ”
All of this goes contrary to the conventional wisdom , which suggests an improved market for builders is years away .
Nationwide , new home sales at the beginning of this year plunged to a level below any recorded since 1963 , when the figures were first officially tabulated .
Simply put , the country already has too many houses , the legacy of wide - scale overbuilding during the boom .
The Census Bureau says there are two million vacant homes for sale , about double the historical level .
Fewer new households , moreover , are being formed as families double up for economic reasons , putting a further brake on demand .
Even some builders agree with the pessimists when it comes to Las Vegas .
Meritage Homes , for example , has largely withdrawn from the city .
“ We do n’t think it will come back for a long time , ” Mr. Anderson said .
American
West is betting the opposite is true .
The developer , which is privately held and is based here , builds nowhere else .
The evening under the tent with Mr. Lee was the official start of American West ’s new community , called Reserve at Coronado Ranch .
Before it opened , buyers began putting down money for the houses , which sell for under $ 300,000 .
“ For the first time in three or four years , we have pent - up demand , ” said American West ’s vice president for sales , Jeff Canarelli .
* Plaques may be good , not bad , researchers say
* Free-floating proteins called ‘ oligomers ’ the real toxin
* Drugs that target plaques may be doomed to fail
* Studies raise doubts about bapineuzumab
By Julie Steenhuysen
CHICAGO , May 12 ( Reuters ) - Brain plaques , long considered the chief killer of brain cells and the cause of Alzheimer ’s disease , may actually play a protective role under a new theory that is changing the way researchers think about the disease .
Instead of sticky plaques , free - floating bits of a toxic protein called amyloid beta may be what ’s killing off brain cells in Alzheimer ’s patients , U.S. researchers say .
If the theory is right , then drugs that target plaque , including bapineuzumab -- being developed by Pfizer PFE.N , Johnson & Johnson JNJ.N and Elan ELN.
I -- may be aiming at the wrong target , they say .
“ The plaque is not the main culprit in terms of toxicity , ” said Dr. Scott McGinnis of Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women ’s Hospital in Boston , who treats Alzheimer ’s patients and runs clinical trials testing new Alzheimer ’s drugs .
For more than two decades , the prevailing plan of attack for researchers and drug companies has been to find a way to remove sticky clumps of a protein called amyloid beta from the brain .
But several recent studies in mice and rats now suggest that floating pieces of amyloid beta called oligomers are the real bad actors in Alzheimer ’s disease .
And instead of being the chief toxin , several teams suspect , the plaques may be the body ’s way of trapping and neutralizing oligomers .
“ If you say Alzheimer ’s , everyone immediately thinks that it ’s the plaques that actually cause the disease .
That could n’t be further from the truth , ” Andrew Dillin , of the Salk Institute in California and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute , told reporters in London this week at a conference on aging .
“ The data actually suggest these plaques are a form of protection that the body tries to put on .
So this is a sign that your brain was trying to do something very useful and helpful to you , and the remnant was the formation of amyloid plaques , ” Dillin said .
A GOOD THING ?
Adrian Ivinson , who directs the Harvard NeuroDiscovery Center in Boston , a drug discovery center affiliated with Harvard Medical School working on new Alzheimer ’s drugs , said scientists are beginning to think plaque is a good thing .
“ It actually sequesters all of that amyloid , ” he said , adding that oligomers are “ the really toxic substance . ”
In the latest study , a team led by Dr. Sam Gandy of the Alzheimer ’s Disease Research Center at Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York genetically engineered mice that form only oligomers , but never brain plaques .
They found these mice developed the same level of memory and thinking problems as genetically engineered mice that get both plaques and oligomers .
And when the team added a gene that converted the oligomers to plaques , the mice got no worse .
“ That suggests that plaques were not necessary and the addition of plaque did not make the oligomer - induced memory problems any worse , ” said Gandy , whose study appeared last month in the Annals of Neurology .
The findings may help explain the stunning failure of drugs designed to remove plaques from the brain of patients , which do little to improve thinking in Alzheimer ’s patients .
Alzheimer ’s is the most common form of dementia in which patients progressively lose their ability to think and care for themselves .
Current drugs only treat symptoms .
LACK OF EFFECTS
Gandy points to a recent imaging study in Lancet Neurology looking at the drug bapineuzumab -- now in late - stage clinical trials .
The team used an imaging agent called Pittsburgh Compound B or PiB that can be used in brain scans to identify amyloid plaques .
Using these scans in 28 patients , the team found that bapineuzumab shrank brain plaques by 25 percent , but Gandy said the drug had no effect on patients ’ ability to think and reason .
“ We do n’t know whether bapineuzumab sees oligomers or not , ” Gandy said in a telephone interview .
And because PiB can only see amyloid deposits and not floating clumps of oligomers , there is no way to know whether the drug is having any effect .
Gandy said the Lancet Neurology study may simply mean that patients need to be treated longer to benefit from bapineuzumab .
Or , it may mean that the drug -- an engineered immune - system molecule called a monoclonal antibody -- is targeting the wrong thing .
Bapineuzumab has had mixed results in a mid-stage clinical trial , and some researchers were encouraged by the Lancet Neurology study because it reduced plaque levels in patients .
[ ID: nLDE61P171 ]
But Dillin said the drug , like several others aimed at trying to stop plaques from forming , is destined to fail .
“ This hypothesis is actually completely wrong , and we need a new way to start looking at this disease .
This is actually not a viable therapeutic avenue , ” Dillin said .
Pfizer this month said results of its U.S. phase 3 trials would be released in mid-2012 and the European phase 3 trials would be done in 2014 , a bit later than analysts had expected .
Many investors have already written off bapineuzumab , but since Alzheimer ’s afflicts 26 million people worldwide , any success could mean billions of dollars in revenue .
( Additional reporting by Kate Kelland in London ; editing by Mohammad Zargham )
Our Mission is Keeping you updated with Latest Android News and Updates as it Happens !
Hometown Vacation
That sounds silly to you , does n’t it ?
Here you are , tired and desperately in need of a vacation and I pass hilarious comments .
For a majority of us , a vacation generally means getting out of our town to exotic places and unwinding , even if it involves enduring a long travel .
A chance to get away and immerse yourself in a culture that is different from your own is a great learning experience that you cannot get in your own hometown .
I ’m not saying that is a bad thing .
But there may be reasons you can not get away for whatever reason .
It may be easy to save for a trip if you can afford to , but sometimes it just may not happen .
Due to massive hour cutbacks , you ’re just not in a position to take your kids on that exotic vacation as you promised .
What do you do ?
Forgo a vacation all together ?
Or go ahead with your planned trip on a high interest credit card , and put yourself further in debt ?
Fortunately , there are other ways of expanding your minds .
Vacationing in your hometown does n’t sound exciting ?
On the contrary , we tend to take familiar things for granted and we stop seeing anything new and exciting in a place we are so used to .
But , you never know what adventures await you at your back door !
Your friends are visiting from some other town and you need to show them around .
Being new , they cannot stop admiring every sight they see and you find it funny , because you have “ seen it all . ”
Honestly , do you really know everything about your town ?
What about the surrounding areas ?
In fact , until recently , if you asked me about the places to visit and see in my hometown where I have lived for many years , I would point you to the never - ending beach that my town is famous for , the beautiful valley , the mountains , the amusement park and my favorite restaurants .
Is that all there is to my town ?
No !!
But I got so used to my routine that I have for long turned a blind eye to everything else that could be of interest to a tourist .
Seeing your own town through the eyes of an outsider can open the doors on amazing experiences , something we truly do n’t do enough .
See my point ?
According to Marcel Proust , a French writer – “ The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes . ”
Sometimes , taking a vacation in your hometown will serve to renew your fondness for your city and refresh your tired nerves .
But first , pretend you have never been to your town – never .
This is very important .
Plan everything properly , as you would if you were going out of town .
Plan everything well in advance
What is your budget for the activities , sightseeing , local travel , food , and if you can afford – simple lodging – Vacationing in your hometown does not give you the luxury of not budgeting .
You should determine how much you can afford to spend .
If you are on a strict budget , make a note of what you can spend each day and stick to that .
Plan your vacation during days you know there are going to be discounts at the various places you visit .
Even restaurants offer discounted meals on specific days and nights .
The length of your vacation – A normal vacation when going with family lasts for a couple of weeks , but if your budget is tight , you can cut that back to four or five days .
If you ’re really smart and manage your limited funds well , you could still shoot for a week and find great ways to enjoy yourself without breaking the budget .
What are your passions – Make a list of what you want to see and do .
If you ’re going with family or friends , take into account what each one of them likes or dislikes .
Choose activities that will satisfy your passions .
Are you into nature or activities ?
Is anyone in your family an art lover ?
A foodie perhaps ?
Plan your vacation in such a way that you ensure everyone is happy .
You will be surprised how many places you come across that you have never dreamt existed .
What does your town have to offer – Now that you have decided on what interests you and your family , look at what your town has to offer .
Find out if there are any special festivals , events or activities during your vacation .
Get hold of a guide book and visit all the places tourists visit , dine out and have loads of fun .
Are there any museums you have not been to ?
You can even Google your town and find a list of tourist places .
Finally , compose an itinerary to follow , which includes everything from the places you will be visiting , the time of the day you will start , activities you will participate in , restaurants you will eat at , money you will spend and your mode of transport .
Become a tourist in your hometown
Vacationing in your hometown is not going to be easy initially .
You will have to work at creating the right mind - set .
Increase the level of appeal by thinking like a tourist and seeing your town with the eyes of a person who has never experienced the sounds and sights of your town before .
If you can get your hands of Helen Hanff ’s book ‘ Apple of my eye , ” read it .
It is a beautiful tribute to her beloved New York , and was written after two months of exploring the city with her friend Patsy .
Towards the end of the book , Patsy remarks , “ We own this city now .
Do you feel that way ? ”
Here are some vacation ideas :
Walk through your town
The best thing to do would be to do what you would normally do when you are in a new place .
One of the best ways to take in the beautiful sights and sounds of any place is to park the car and walk .
Walking without a destination helps you be more aware of your surroundings .
Be curious , slow down and notice the small things , take photographs and immerse yourself in the experience .
Even walking the routes you drive normally may expose you to a great place you have n’t discovered yet .
If you live in Sydney , you can go on these walking tours .
If you have kids and live in New York , you can check this out .
See what your hometown offers and you are sure to find something .
Even if you prefer exploring the place by yourself , the idea is to take a journey that allows you to take a closer look at where you live .
Explore local markets
Exploring local markets is also a great way of spending time in your hometown .
A stroll through a marketplace may be a beautiful experience .
You will be surprised to find that there are many new markets ; although , you have been living there forever .
Market places radiate the essence of a city and allow you to get away from everything else while absorbing you in the rhythm of the city .
You could go by yourself or with family or with visitors or friends and hunt for souvenirs of your place .
Eat authentic local food
Close on the heels of exploring local markets is eating local food .
This may not sound so appealing if you eat local food at home all the time .
But believe me , it is a great way to start thinking afresh about your culture and city .
These restaurants may not be fancy or expensive ; and you will be able to savor not just your food but your culture with renewed interest .
Try to avoid places you often eat at .
Visit the famous landmarks
Every city has landmarks that visitors to the place visit .
It must have been ages since you went to see any of those places .
There are people I know ( yours truly included ) that have never visited some of the tourist attractions in their own hometown .
That does sound bad , does n’t it ?
Taking your guests out is another great way of being aware of your own experience and your feelings .
Take in all the sights and sounds with the eyes of a tourist .
If you feel you cannot see your city with fresh eyes , borrow them !
Let your visitors ’ enthusiasm rub off on you .
You could also pack a picnic basket and take your visitors to a famous garden or park , or take your visitors out early one morning to show them the sun rise from the highest point in your city .
Your city is sure to surprise you with its breathtaking beauty .
Time to get into rediscovery mode now !
Pretend you are moving out of the city and devote a weekend , or if you have the time , even a week or so to do all the things you will later regret not doing .
Visit the smaller towns close to yours
This is not considered going out of town , as they are very close to you .
You will find at least a couple of good places that you can visit and have lunch at .
Choose a route that is scenic and beautiful to drive on .
Book yourself into a good B&B
Just because you are on a vacation in your hometown , it does not have to take away the thrill of staying out of the house for a while .
I ’m sure for many of you , one of the best parts of vacationing is checking into a hotel .
If you are out of funds , getting back home at nights is fine .
But if you can afford , find a reasonably priced B&B and allow them to pamper you .
Take some time calling some of them and finding out their best rates and if they are cheaper on any particular days of the week .
Many of them offer discounts on several things , including spas attached to them .
This way you could save a few dollars .
Talking of spas , if you happen to live in a town that has good spas , try to make the most of this opportunity .
Detach yourself from your worldly concerns .
Spas are considered to be the new balm for fevered souls .
They provide revitalization , relaxation and rejuvenation for your body , mind , spirit and soul .
Do n’t go home …
One most important thing to remember is not to go home during the day ; especially if you are not staying at a B&B .
Make sure you get away from all your daily activities .
That will take the fun out of your vacation .
Treat it like a proper vacation and you will get back home with thousands of stories to tell about the “ new ” place you visited – your hometown .
In all essence , you will find that your hometown is the same it was all those years ago .
Of course there may have been many changes and the place would have spread in all directions , like most towns and cities have .
Even so , you will find that its heart is the same .
Are you alone ?
Do you feel vacationing alone will limit your experience ?
There are many that feel this way , but you must understand that while taking a vacation with others will build or solidify your bond ; a solo vacation can be life - enriching .
Your opportunities to integrate yourself into your local culture expand greatly , as you reach out and talk to people .
You often discover “ yourself ” when alone .
Vacations are essential for families and individuals to recuperate emotionally , mentally and physically .
Times may be hard and money tight , but you still need quality time free from the worries of the everyday grind of life – and your hometown will give you all that and much more .
Have a happy Staycation !!
Tags : hometown vacation , vacationing , vacationing in your home town !
In my recent Black Hat Europe 2010 talk I gave an overview of the kernel exploitation prevention mechanisms that exist on FreeBSD .
A few people at the conference have subsequently asked me to elaborate on the subject .
In this post I will collect all the information from my talk and the various discussions I had in the Black Hat conference hallways .
Userland memory corruption protections ( also known as exploitation mitigations ) have made most of the generic exploitation approaches obsolete .
This is true both on Windows and Unix - like operating systems .
In order to successfully achieve arbitrary code execution from a vulnerable application nowadays a researcher needs to look to the memory layout and the code structure of the particular application .
On the other hand , exploitation mitigation mechanisms for kernel code have not seen the same level of adoption mostly due to the performance penalty they introduce .
This has increased the interest in viewing the operating system kernel as part of the attack surface targeted in a penetration test .
Therefore , many operating systems have started to introduce kernel exploitation mitigations .
The recent CanSecWest talk by Tavis Ormandy and Julien Tinnes titled “ There ’s a party at Ring0 , and you ’re invited ” presented an overview of such mitigations on Windows and Linux .
FreeBSD also has a number of memory corruption protections for kernel code .
Not all of these were developed with the goal of undermining attacks , but primarily as debugging mechanisms .
Some are enabled by default in the latest stable version ( 8.0 - RELEASE ) and some are not .
Stack - smashing
Kernel stack - smashing protection for FreeBSD was introduced in version 8.0 via ProPolice / SSP .
Specifically , the file src/sys / kern/stack_protector.c is compiled with gcc’s - fstack - protector option and registers an event handler called __stack_chk_init that generates a random canary value ( the “ guard ” variable in SSP terminology ) placed between the local variables and the saved frame pointer of a kernel process ’s stack during a function ’s prologue .
Below is the relevant part of the stack_protector .c file :
10 : __stack_chk_guard [ 8 ] = {} ; ... 20 : # define __arraycount ( __x ) ( sizeof ( __x ) / sizeof ( __x [ 0 ] ) ) 21 : static void 22 : __stack_chk_init( void * dummy __unused ) 23 : { 24 : size_t i ; 25 : long guard[ __arraycount(__stack_chk_guard ) ] ; 26 : 27 : arc4rand ( guard , sizeof ( guard ) , 0 ) ; 28 : for ( i = 0 ; i < __arraycount ( guard ) ; i++) 29 : __stack_chk_guard[i ] = guard [ i ] ; 30 : }
During the protected function ’s epilogue the canary is checked against its original value .
If it has been altered the kernel calls panic ( 9 ) bringing down the whole system , but also stopping any execution flow redirection caused by manipulation of the function ’s saved frame pointer or saved return address ( again from the stack_protector .c file ) :
13 : void 14 : __stack_chk_fail( void ) 15 : { 16 : 17 : panic ( " stack overflow detected ; backtrace may be corrupted " ) ; 18 : }
ProPolice / SSP also performs local variable and pointer reordering in order to protect against the corruption of variables and pointers due to stack buffer overflow vulnerabilities .
NULL page mappings
Also in version 8.0 , FreeBSD has introduced a protection against user mappings at address 0 ( NULL ) .
This exploitation mitigation mechanism is exposed through the sysctl ( 8 ) variable security.bsd.map_at_zero and is enabled by default ( i.e. the variable has the value 0 ) .
When a user request is made for the NULL page and the feature is enabled an error occurs and the mapping fails .
Obviously this protection is ineffective in vulnerabilities which the attacker can ( directly or indirectly ) control the kernel dereference offset .
For an applicable example see the exploit for vulnerability CVE - 2008 - 3531 I have previously published .
Heap - smashing
FreeBSD has introduced kernel heap - smashing detection in 8.0 - RELEASE via an implementation called RedZone .
RedZone is oriented more towards debugging the kernel memory allocator rather than detecting and stopping deliberate attacks against it .
If enabled ( it is disabled by default ) RedZone places a static canary value of 16 bytes above and below each buffer allocated on the heap .
The canary value consists of the hexadecimal value 0x42 repeated in these 16 bytes .
During a heap buffer 's deallocation the canary value is checked and if it has been corrupted the details of the corruption ( address of the offending buffer and stack traces of the buffer 's allocation and deallocation ) are logged .
The code that performs the check for a heap overflow is the following ( from file src/sys / vm/redzone.c ) :
166 : ncorruptions = 0 ; 167 : for ( i = 0 ; i < REDZONE_CFSIZE
; i++ , faddr ++ ) { 168 : if ( *( u_char *) faddr != 0x42 ) 169 : ncorruptions ++ ; 170 : }
This protection mechanism can obviously be easily bypassed .
Use - after - free
MemGuard is a replacement kernel memory allocator introduced in FreeBSD version 6.0 and is designed to detect use - after - free bugs in kernel code .
Similarly to RedZone , MemGuard mainly targets debugging scenarios and does not constitute a mechanism to mitigate deliberate attacks .
However , MemGuard is not compatible and cannot replace the Universal Memory Allocator 's ( UMA — which is the default kernel allocator in FreeBSD ) calls .
Therefore ( and also due to the overhead it introduced even before UMA was developed ) , it is not enabled by default .
In a sign of the times , Sony on Monday confirmed that it will soon end the sale of floppy disks .
In a sign of the times , Sony on Monday confirmed that it will soon end the sale of floppy disks .
Sony Tokyo will end sales of 3.5 - inch floppy disks in Japan , effective March 2011 , a Sony spokeswoman said in an e-mail .
The disks have been shipping in Japan since 1983 .
Evolving technology and storage options , however , including cloud computing and high - capacity USB drives , not to mention computers that no longer include disk drives , have made the floppy disks less useful in recent years .
Check out Editor Lance Ulanoff's .
House Minority Leader John Boenher ( left ) is n't sure yet where he stands , while Whip Eric Cantor ( center ) and Rep. Mike Pence say they want the document tied to specific legislation .
GOP split over terms of new ' Contract '
Republicans are salivating over the prospect of winning back the House in November , and they ’re planning to produce a new “ Contract With America ” in the hopes of sealing the deal .
The catch :
They do n’t agree yet on what should be in it .
Advertisement
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor wants a document , akin to Newt Gingrich ’s 1994 Contract With America , that identifies specific pieces of legislation Republicans could pass if they win back the House .
He thinks Republicans should “ put up or shut up , ” an aide close to the process said .
So does Indiana Rep. Mike Pence , the House Republican Conference chairman .
The party does n’t need “ sloganeering , ” someone familiar with his thinking said , and he favors an approach that “ tells people what [ the party ] want[s ] and how you ’re going to do it . ”
But Rep. Kevin McCarthy , the California Republican who is leading the effort to craft the document , says that including specific legislation in the contract would smack of the backroom deals the GOP accuses Democrats of making , so “ you wo n’t see it written out . ”
There ’s peril in both approaches .
If the Republicans include too many specifics , especially on hot - button social issues important to their base , they risk turning off moderates and independents .
And that ’s assuming that they can get the entire House Republican Conference to agree on specific bills in the first place ; not everyone , for example , would support a proposal to “ repeal and replace ” the Democrats ’ health care bill .
“ When you are being specific and making a commitment , you got to make sure you ’re responsive to what people are saying ; you have to have buy - in from your conference , ” said Minnesota Rep .
John Kline , the top Republican on the Education and Labor Committee , who favors specificity despite his concerns .
“ Otherwise , if it splits the conference , that ’s not something we can make a commitment to . ”
But skip the details , and the Republicans risk producing a document that comes off as something less than serious .
“ You ca n’t just make blanket statements without backing them up with something , ” said lobbyist Robert Walker , a former Republican congressman from Pennsylvania who was involved in authoring in the 1994 Contract With America , which was chock full of legislative language .
“ That ’s how you get credibility .
You ’re no longer saying “ no ” ; you have a specific agenda out there .
You ’ll take heat , no doubt ; you ’ll have the administration stand up and criticize you . ”
The Republicans have recent experience with both kinds of problems .
When Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan released a specific “ Roadmap for America ’s Future ” earlier this year , Democrats dug into the details and accused him of wanting to cut Social Security and Medicare benefits .
In the ensuing flap , Ryan was forced to stand by and watch as other Republicans — including House Minority Leader John Boehner — distanced themselves from his plan .
Boehner and other Republican leaders suffered the opposite problem last year when they released a long - promised GOP alternative to President Barack Obama ’s budget proposal .
The slim , 19 - page GOP blueprint contained few numbers and fewer specifics and left the party open to mocking from both the left and the right .
“ It took me several minutes to read it , ” White House press secretary Robert Gibbs sneered .
“ I will note that there is one more picture of a windmill than there is of a chart of numbers .
Just for your knowledge , there is exactly one picture of a windmill . ”
Republicans say they are still weeks — if not months — away from a final decision on what will be in their new Contract With America , which they ’re tentatively calling a Commitment to America .
An aide said Boehner supports a “ substantive document ” but has not decided if he thinks the party should be tied to specific legislation .
Rank - and - file Republicans , who spoke privately so as to not be seen usurping their leadership , said they fear tying themselves to specific bills , as the party did in its original contract in 1994 , because it does n’t take into account the political reality .
Should the Republicans win the majority and fail to pass the legislation they ’ve promised , Democrats could paint them as either ineffective or insincere .
“ Political winds shift , ” said one Republican member who ’s wary of including too much specificity .
Underscoring that point , McCarthy showed a reporter Gingrich ’s portrait off the House floor — and noted that what ’s in his hand is not a list of legislation promised in the Contract With America but , rather , a checklist of what Republicans hoped to accomplish .
While Gingrich ’s House Republicans were able to move on much of the Contract With America measures in 1995 , most of it died in the Senate .
One Republican directly involved in the process this time around said the new Republican manifesto will be based on the “ power of the idea , which will be so strong it will go beyond committee chairs and party politics ” — a suggestion that the new contract wo n’t be overly specific .
National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Pete Sessions said he wants four things in the document : “ process , competition , accountability and results . ”
As for whether specific bills should be included , Sessions said he ’s still unsure .
But Cantor spokesman Brad Dayspring said voters will want specifics from the GOP .
“ Responsible leadership requires the development of serious and deliverable solutions to the real problems facing families , small businesses and workers , ” Dayspring said .
“ When it comes to a commitment with the American people , Congressman Cantor believes that Republicans must listen , lead and deliver — and that will stand in stark contrast to the actions and agenda of [ House ] Speaker [ Nancy ] Pelosi and other out - of - touch Democrats . ”
Democrats worked through similar squabbles over what to promise in the run-up to the 2006 midterms , eventually producing “ A New Direction for America , ” a document that featured “ Six for ’ 06 ” priorities but no specific legislative text .
For now , the Republicans say they ’re focused less on the specifics of what will be in their new contract than on the process for getting there .
In the next several months , they plan to set up social networks to solicit opinion from voters across the country and hold town hall meetings to hear “ directly from the American people ” — a process meant to convey the sort of transparency they say the Democratic Congress has lacked .
“ Knowing what has gone on here , people have crafted legislation people have n’t seen —
I ’d never want that to happen , ” McCarthy said .
But Lee went ahead anyway , putting up money from Oaksterdam and another of his groups , marijuana provider S.K. Seymore , LLC , to obtain the 849,000 signatures needed to get on the November 2 ballot , with his donations comprising most of the roughly $ 1.3 million spent in 2009 on the petition drive .
Lee now has a a team of pros working for him as campaign consultants .
It includes Chris Lehane , the former Bill Clinton communications adviser and press secretary for Al Gore , both as VP and in the 2000 campaign ; Dan Newman , whose firm SCN Strategies consults for Sen. Barbara Boxer 's ( D ) reelection campaign and is heading up communications for Level the Playing Field 2010 , the independent - expenditure campaign against multimillionaire GOP gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman ; and Doug Linney of The Next Generation , a firm that has worked for state and local candidate campaigns , as well as major issue - advocacy drives and marijuana decriminalization / law - enforcement - prioritization efforts in California .
In short , this will be a legitimate campaign operation .
Tax Cannabis is already airing a radio ad in the state 's largest and most expensive media markets , L.A. and San Francisco , featuring a former law enforcement official .
" This is n't some ... whim of a couple of hippies , " said SCN's Dan Newman , who is handling communications for Tax Cannabis .
" It 's a serious , well crafted , well funded campaign that was put together very carefully and professionally run and hopes to win . "
The campaign will do " everything that a winning campaign does , " Newman said .
That would mean radio ads , TV ads , volunteer and / or robo - phone calls , door - to - door canvasses , and direct mail .
Newman would not specifically say which of those Tax Cannabis will do .
Messaging will focus heavily on invoking the support of former law enforcement officials , plus the argument that has driven so much media coverage around this push : estimates that legalizing and taxing marijuana could help California 's crippled state budget to the tune of $ 1 billion , including tax revenue and less spending on law enforcement .
Where will the money come from to fund this campaign ?
Lee infused it with cash to get the signatures , but according to state financial disclosures , Tax Cannabis has only $ 32,000 in the bank .
The only state - registered opposition group , called " Opposition to the California Marijuana Legalization Initiative ( 2010 ) , " has not filed disclosure paperwork , so it is unclear how much money Tax Cannabis is up against .
The campaign is reaching out to a broad coalition of donors , Newman said , including an online fundraising operation and traditional political donors .
But the elephant in the room is this : Tax Cannabis has the support of the Drug Policy Alliance , one of several major , national - level drug - policy reform groups .
On its board sits liberal super - donor George Soros .
BARBERSHOP PUNK AVAILABLE NOW ON YouTube
BARBERSHOP PUNK EDUCATIONAL DVD AVAILABLE NOW ON BULLFROG FILMS – ORDER HERE
Headlines
Barbershop Punk is a New York Times “ Critics ’ Pick ”
– read the review !
Director / Writer / Producer Georgia Archer embarks on Southern Circuit Tour of Independent Filmmakers Feb 8 – 18
THANK YOU KICKSTARTER PUNKS !
Backer Reward Packages shipped out today !
Thank you once again for all your support …
Punks Rule !
Canadian Broadcast Premiere – SuperChannel Dec 2011 – Jan 2012
Keeping the independent / punk spirit alive , barbershop quartet fan Robb Topolski takes on the nation ’s largest cable company , only to find himself at the center of a federal investigation , inspiring a larger story of censorship , individual voice and access .
To join mailing list text 69302 and type : BPunk [ leave a space ] [ followed by your email address ]
Example : Bpunk EmailAddress@gmail.com
As many as 1.5 million women that worked at Wal - Mart stores across the country could be receiving compensation now that an appellate court has ruled that a massive class action lawsuit against the company can go to court .
The decision means that the world ’s largest private employer could be forced to pay billions of dollars to women who say they were paid less than men in comparable positions and got fewer promotions .
The massive lawsuit is the result of six women in San Francisco , California that sued the giant in 2001 claiming they were discriminated against based on their gender .
The district court ruled in their favor saying that their suit could cover “ all women employed by Wal - Mart at any time after Dec. 26 , 1998 ” including all positions at the company ’s 3,400 stores .
Wal - Mart has fought vehemently to appeal those claims since then , arguing that women claiming gender bias should file lawsuits individually against specific stores .
An appellate court made the decision Monday to uphold the district court ’s ruling , but asked the trial court judge to consider the size of the lawsuit before ordering the company to pay punitive damages .
Are you worried about aging ?
You do n’t have to be like that if you ’re ready for it .
As we get …
The government is expected to give the go - ahead to a project to replace Canada ’s CF - 18 fighter - bombers with a new generation of aircraft later this year ( David Pugliese , “ $ 9B pricetag likely for Canada ’s next - generation fighter aircraft , ” CanWest News Service , 29 May 2010 ) .
The U.S. F - 35 Joint Strike Fighter is considered the aircraft most likely to be procured , although at least one other aircraft is likely to be in the competition .
The 65 aircraft to be purchased under the program , at an expected cost of $ 9 billion or more , would begin to enter service in 2017 .
According to Pugliese , the Department of National Defence has not yet provided an official cost estimate for the program , “ claiming that to make the figure public would undercut the procurement process for what is being called the next generation fighter ” :
Steven Staples , president of the Ottawa - based Rideau Institute , said DND did n’t want to provide the $ 9 - billion figure because it ’s worried about a backlash from taxpayers .
“ Their plan is to keep this in the backrooms and try to get this deal signed without anyone noticing , ” said Staples , who has spoken out against what he says are high levels of military spending .
“ The government wants to spend $ 9 billion on a stealth fighter when this country has a $ 50 billion deficit .
They should try spending a little more on health care instead . ”
Staples noted that the cost of the project is creeping up without explanation — at one point the government was going to spend $ 10.5 billion on 80 fighters ; now it is $ 9 billion for 65 .
“ Who knows what this will end up costing Canadians ? ” he said .
NDP defence critic Jack Harris , who raised the issue of the next - generation fighters in the House of Commons Thursday , said it is not clear at this point why Canada needs to spend billions on a new fighter jets .
He pointed out that in March , the Canadian Forces received the last of its newly upgraded CF - 18 fighters .
That project cost $ 2.6 billion .
An air force study produced last year also noted the need for manned fighter aircraft will decrease starting after 2019 as unmanned aerial vehicles — or drones — and other advanced technologies became more common .
It has become a commonplace to say , in the aftermath of the Great Recession , that ‘ we are all Keynesians now . ’
If this is so , then Keynes ’s great biographer , Robert Skidelsky , should have much to say about the recession , its causes and the appropriate cures .
And so indeed he does .
I share with Skidelsky the view that , while most of the blame for the crisis should reside with those in the financial markets , who did such a poor job both in allocating capital and in managing risk ( their key responsibilities ) , a considerable portion of it lies with the economics profession .
The notion economists pushed – that markets are efficient and self - adjusting – gave comfort to regulators like Alan Greenspan , who did n’t believe in regulation in the first place .
They provided support for the movement which stripped away the regulations that had provided the basis of financial stability in the decades after the Great Depression ; and they gave justification to those , like Larry Summers and Robert Rubin , Treasury secretaries under Clinton , who opposed doing anything about derivatives , even after the dangers had been exposed in the Long - Term Capital Management crisis of 1998 .
We should be clear about this : economic theory never provided much support for these free - market views .
Theories of imperfect and asymmetric information in markets had undermined every one of the ‘ efficient market ’ doctrines , even before they became fashionable in the Reagan - Thatcher era .
Bruce Greenwald and I had explained that Adam Smith ’s hand was not in fact invisible : it was n’t there .
Sanford Grossman and I had explained that if markets were as efficient in transmitting information as the free marketeers claimed , no one would have any incentive to gather and process it .
Free marketeers , and the special interests that benefited from their doctrines , paid little attention to these inconvenient truths .
While economists who criticised the ruling free - market paradigm often still employed , as a matter of convenience , simple models of ‘ rational ’ expectations ( that is , they assumed that individuals ‘ rationally ’ used all the information that they had available ) , they departed from the ruling paradigm in assuming that different individuals had access to different information .
Their aim was to show that the standard paradigm was no longer valid when there was even this seemingly small and obviously reasonable change in assumptions .
They showed , for instance , that unfettered markets were not efficient , and could be characterised by persistent unemployment .
But if the economy behaves so poorly when such small realistic changes are made to the paradigm , what could we expect if we added further elements of realism , such as bouts of irrational optimism and pessimism , the ‘ panics and manias ’ that break out repeatedly in markets all over the world ?
Of course , one did n’t have to rely on theoretical niceties in order to criticise the faith in unfettered markets .
Economic and financial crises have been a regular feature of capitalist economies ; only the period of strong financial regulation after the Second World War was almost totally free of them .
As financial market regulations were stripped away , crises became more common : we have had more than 100 in the last 30 years .
The present crisis should lay to rest any belief in ‘ rational ’ markets .
The irrationalities evident in mortgage markets , in securitisation , in derivatives and in banking are mind - boggling ; our supposed financial wizards have exhibited behaviour which , to use the vernacular , seemed ‘ stupid ’ even at the time .
If we are to design policies to prevent crises or to deal with them when they occur , it is essential to understand the critical flaws in the standard paradigm .
It is here that Skidelsky goes astray .
Skidelsky makes much of the distinction between risk and uncertainty .
Risk refers to situations in which we have good statistical data so that we can talk meaningfully about the probability that a particular event will happen , like the probability of a 70 - year - old man dying within the next year .
Uncertainty refers to situations in which we have no statistical basis to go on .
Clearly , the investment banks and rating agencies relied too heavily on flawed statistical models , as did the regulators .
Those models gave them confidence that the risk of a serious problem was negligible , something that might happen once in a million years .
But much of the behaviour that led to the crisis ( the irrational and sometimes predatory lending , the excesses of leverage and other forms of risk - taking ) did not depend on this distinction .
More important , for instance , were the incentives , which encouraged banks to take on too much risk , and induced them not to think too deeply about the flaws in their statistical models .
Flawed incentives , inadequate regulation and a lack of scruples also help explain the abusive lending practices that played so large a role in the crisis .
In accounting for the crisis , we have to explain both the bubble and why , after the bubble burst , the economy went into a deep recession .
We also have to explain the massively inefficent capital allocation , the high level of volatility and the persistence of unemployment .
The distinction between risk and uncertainty , unfortunately , gives us little insight into the failures in the labour market : why the usual laws of supply and demand , which should result in full employment , have failed to work .
It should be clear that the failure of financial markets is at the centre of this crisis , but as Skidelsky points out , Keynes himself had little to say about financial markets and their management and regulation .
One of the criticisms of the General Theory is its simplistic treatment of capital markets ( some progress has been made in rectifying this over the last 75 years ) .
Accordingly , it might be thought that Keynes ’s views were of only limited relevance in this crisis , beyond his general scepticism as to the ability of markets to correct themselves .
That view of Keynes is wrong , however , because this is an economic as well as a financial crisis : there is an insufficiency of global aggregate demand .
Explaining why this is so is more difficult than Skidelsky seems to suggest .
It is not just a matter of the intrinsic uncertainty of the future .
Standard economic theory – the theory of demand and supply that is taught in classrooms around the world – says that if prices ( including the price of labour , or wages , and the price of capital , or the interest rate ) are fully flexible and markets function as they should , then even with such uncertainty there should be full employment .
Wages or interest rates might not be the same as they would be in the absence of uncertainty , but markets would still ensure full employment .
Markets in capitalist systems do n’t work that way , though , and the question is why ?
Skidelsky does not offer much insight here , not even as to what Keynes might have said about it .
Those who today see themselves as following in the tradition of Keynes – especially in subscribing to his view that government action is needed to help maintain full employment – are referred to as new Keynesians .
One strand of ( new ) Keynesianism argues that unemployment persists because wages and prices are rigid .
It is n’t hard to understand why many economists were attracted to this theory .
In the standard demand and supply model , if there is an excess supply of labour ( i.e. unemployment ) , the reason must be that ( real ) wages are too high .
This theory may not only misinterpret Keynes , but may also be potentially dangerous , because of its obvious policy implications .
If unemployment is caused by real wages being too high , the obvious remedy is to lower wages .
Hence the standard call of conservative economists for more ‘ labour market flexibility ’ , ensuring that the wages of workers – which have stagnated in the US for a quarter of a century – will drop even further .
But traditional Keynesian economics argues that what matters is aggregate demand , and that lower wages reduce aggregate demand .
The current crisis demonstrates what can happen : countries with stronger systems of social protection and less labour market flexibility have , in many ways , fared better .
Skidelsky ’s discussion of the various explanations that economists have come up with , both for wage and price rigidity and as to why the economy does not quickly adjust to ‘ equilibrium ’ , is too unquestioning , too undiscriminating .
There is , for instance , a silly theory that says prices are rigid because of the costs of changing price lists ( the cost of printing new menus in restaurants would be an example ) ; but these costs pale in comparison to those of hiring and firing workers or increasing or decreasing production .
Other theories that have become more widely accepted since Keynes ’s death are given scant attention by Skidelsky .
Efficiency wage theory , which argues that wages affect productivity , so that it does n’t benefit firms to pay low wages , is n’t even mentioned .
There is an alternative view ( also labelled new Keynesian ) as to why an economy can be trapped for so long in a state of under- utilising resources : the debt - deflation theory originally formulated by an American contemporary of Keynes , Irving Fisher , and more recently developed by Greenwald and me .
It perceives the key market failures to be not just in the labour market , but also in financial markets .
Because contracts are not appropriately indexed ( that is to say , payments are n’t adjusted to changing economic conditions ) , alterations in economic circumstances can cause a rash of bankruptcies , and fear of bankruptcy contributes to the freezing of credit markets .
The resulting economic disruption affects both aggregate demand and aggregate supply , and it ’s not easy to recover from this – one reason that my prognosis for the economy in the short term is so gloomy .
Keynes focused , as I ’ve said , on the problems posed by an insufficiency of aggregate demand : what happens when people want to buy less than the economy is able to produce .
Even 75 years ago , he saw the issue from a global perspective .
He was concerned , for instance , about the impact of the surplus countries – those that produced more than they consumed – on global demand .
Today , we talk about global imbalances .
The soaring imbalances of the last ten years are partly due to what happened during the East Asia crisis of 1997 - 98 .
Countries without adequate reserves lost their economic sovereignty as the US Treasury and IMF came to their ‘ rescue ’ ( or , more accurately , came to the rescue of their own banks – the same banks that have caused such devastation to our own economies ) .
They foisted contractionary monetary and fiscal policies – higher interest rates , cutbacks on expenditure – on these countries , the opposite of the policies the US adopted in the current crisis .
Not surprisingly , these contractionary policies led to recessions and depressions .
To reduce the likelihood of having to turn again to the IMF and the West , developing countries around the world accumulated massive reserves .
But while these precautionary savings may have provided them with some security , money saved is money not spent : it contributed to a lack of aggregate demand .
Other factors also contributed to the build - up of reserves .
Low exchange rates can help promote exports .
Oil exporters knew there was a significant risk that prices would not remain at the high level they had reached , and the prudent choice was to save a great deal of the money that they were earning .
Finally , aggregate demand was almost certainly lowered by the huge increase in inequality , which in effect redistributed money from those who would spend it to those who did n’t , or at least did n’t spend as much .
These factors help explain high savings ratios .
But the problem of insufficiency of demand is really a matter of the balance between savings and investment .
The problem is sometimes described as a ‘ savings glut ’ , but could equally well be described as an ‘ investment dearth ’ .
Why did it seem that even with record low interest rates , the only investment that could be generated was in housing for poor Americans for which they could n’t afford to pay ?
A long tradition in economics , of which Keynes was a part , has focused on the diminution of investment opportunities .
The path - breaking work of Schumpeter , another of Keynes ’s contemporaries , emphasised the role of innovation .
The world is currently faced with serious challenges that also present investment opportunities : retrofitting the world economy to face the challenges of global warming , or making the investment necessary to reduce global poverty .
There is no shortage of opportunities for investments with high social returns .
Here , there have been both market failures and policy failures : a failure , for instance , of governments to make carbon emissions sufficiently costly for there to be an incentive to invest in reducing them , or of financial markets to devise better instruments for transferring risk from those in less developed countries to those in more advanced ones , who can better absorb it .
The central policy message of Keynesian economics is that in a deep recession , monetary policy is likely to be ineffective , and fiscal stimulation is required .
This , the argument goes , is because monetary authorities find it increasingly difficult to lower real interest rates ( even if nominal interest rates go to zero , deflation can mean that there is a positive real interest rate ) ; and even at low interest rates , investment may not be much stimulated .
It ’s like pushing on a string .
When interest rates were lowered after the technology bubble burst , the effect was mostly foolish real estate investment .
But , since Keynes , our understanding of the limitations of monetary policy has increased .
For instance , even if central banks succeed in getting treasury bill rates close to zero , the interest rates at which banks lend can remain high ; and it is now recognised that availability of credit matters as much as interest rates , especially for small and medium - sized businesses that depend on the ability and willingness of banks to lend .
This is one of the reasons there is so much focus on the recapitalisation of banks , and one of the reasons the Bush / Obama policy of giving money to the banks but allowing them to pay it out in dividends and bonuses did not rekindle lending as promised .
Today , few look to monetary policy to reignite the economy .
The achievement of our central banks has been a more modest one : having brought the global economy to the brink of disaster , they succeeded in avoiding a complete collapse by throwing enough money at the financial system .
Fiscal policy worked , not in preventing a Great Recession , but in preventing the Great Recession from turning into another Great Depression .
But now the very actions that saved the economies of the world have presented a new problem for fiscal policy , as questions are being raised about governments ’ ability to finance their deficits .
There are speculative attacks against the weakest countries , which find themselves caught between a rock and a hard place .
They worry that deficits will lead to higher interest rates , not because ( as is usually argued ) public spending will crowd out private spending , but because of growing ‘ risk premiums ’ .
But the effect is much the same : more government spending will force cutbacks in private spending , with the obvious adverse effects on the economy .
The financial markets that caused the crisis – which in turn caused the deficits – went silent as money was being spent on the bail - out ; but now they are telling governments they have to cut public spending .
Wages are to be cut , even if bank bonuses are to be kept .
The Hooverites – the advocates of the pre-Keynesian policies according to which downturns were met with austerity – are having their revenge .
In many quarters , the Keynesians , having enjoyed their moment of glory just a year ago , seem to be in retreat .
If markets were rational , there would be an easy policy response .
Spending on investments that yielded even moderate real returns ( say , of 5 to 6 per cent ) would lower long - term debt levels ; such spending increases output in the short run , thus garnering more tax revenue , and the future returns generate still more tax revenue .
If markets could be convinced , for example , that European governments can and will meet their debt obligations , interest rates would fall , and even the countries with the highest levels of debt would find it easy to meet their obligations .
But markets are not necessarily rational , and even when they are , they are not always well intentioned .
The objective of a speculative attack is to generate profits for the speculators , regardless of the cost to the rest of society .
They can make money by inducing panic and then feel pleased with their ‘ insight ’ : their concerns were justified , but only because of the responses to which their actions gave rise .
Since the time of Keynes , the ability of markets to mount such speculative attacks has increased enormously .
But governments are not powerless to tame them , and in some cases can counter - attack , as Hong Kong did in foiling Wall Street ’s famous ‘ Hong Kong double play ’ , when speculators simultaneously sold short both the currency and the stock market .
The speculators knew that governments traditionally respond to a currency attack by raising interest rates , which lowers stock prices .
If Hong Kong failed to raise interest rates , they would make money by shorting the currency .
If Hong Kong did raise them to save its currency , the speculators would make money by shorting the stock market .
Hong Kong outsmarted them by simultaneously raising interest rates and supporting the stock market by buying shares .
Taxes on short - term capital gains , regulations on the ever more powerful speculative instruments ( like credit default swaps ) , and – especially for developing countries – the imposition of barriers on the uncontrolled movement of short - term capital across borders , can reduce the scope for and returns from this kind of behaviour .
Keynes created modern macroeconomics ; and as I ’ve indicated , he gave short shrift to the financial markets .
We can , accordingly , only conjecture what he might have thought about one of the critical issues of our day : how to regulate the financial sector in ways that will make a recurrence of the present crisis less likely and increase the likelihood that the financial sector will do what it is supposed to do : manage risk , allocate capital , run the payments mechanism , and all at a low cost .
Here , the views of Skidelsky ( immersed as he is in Keynes , the macroeconomist ) are less than convincing and far from complete .
He is , for example , sceptical of regulations that attempt to prevent excessive lending in booms ( the so - called macro - prudential regulatory framework ) .
Towards the end of his book , Skidelsky writes that his chief argument ‘ has been that underlying the escalating succession of financial crises we have recently experienced is the failure of economics to take uncertainty seriously ’ .
In the end , he fails to make this case .
Overconfidence in the flawed mathematical models used by rating agencies and investment banks did account for many of the horrendous mistakes of this particular crisis , especially in the United States .
But these models played little role in the multitude of other bubbles , booms and crashes that have marked the past quarter - century .
Western banks have repeatedly had to be bailed out because of their bad lending decisions .
We ca n’t pass laws that ensure that people wo n’t suffer from irrational optimism or pessimism .
We ca n’t even be sure that banks will make good lending decisions .
What we can do , however , is ensure that those who make mistakes bear more of the consequences of their decisions – and that others bear less .
We can ensure that those entrusted with the care of other people ’s money do not use that money for gambling .
This is true whether those decisions are based on flawed models of risk or irrational perceptions of uncertainty .
Taxpayers , workers , retirees and homeowners all over the world suffered because of the mistakes of America ’s financial markets .
That is unacceptable , and it is avoidable .
Keynes ’s great contribution was to save capitalism from the capitalists : if they had had their way , they would have imposed policies that weakened the economy and undermined political support for capitalism .
The regulations and reform adopted in the aftermath of the Great Depression worked .
Capitalism took on a more human face , and market economies became more stable .
But these lessons were forgotten .
Thatcher and Reagan ushered in a new era of deregulation , growing inequality and weakening social protection .
We are now seeing the consequences , and not just in greater instability .
Keynes ’s insights are needed now if we ’re to save capitalism once again from the capitalists .
Traffic visualizations , mostly in the form of geographic maps , have been popular lately .
Governments and organizations have been releasing lots of GPS data , and as a result , we get to see some impressive animations and explore some slick interactives .
We do n’t often get to see how cars , trains , subways , airplanes , etc move in physical space , because , well , we ’re usually in them , so it ’s always interesting to see the big picture .
The activity feels very organic as traffic peaks during rush hours and slows down during the night , taxis provide service to and from the airport , and air traffic continues into the late hours .
The maps pulsate with energy .
Let ’s take a look at some of these great traffic visualizations , some new and some old .
Traffic in Lisbon
Pedro Cruz ’s maps showing traffic in Lisbon ( above ) are the most recent on the list .
They ’re another take on the ghostly trails aesthetic .
Areas turn bright when there ’s more activity .
Watch the animations play out over time .
NYC MTA Ridership
Sha Hwang , now a part of Stamen Design , spun off of the fruminator ’s subway sparklines with a Modest Maps rendition of NYC MTA Ridership .
Tracks get thicker with amount of estimated riders .
Obviously , there ’s some interpolation going on .
Trains in Melbourne
Flink Labs took a look at the ebb and flow of trains in Melbourne , Australia .
It starts slow in the morning and peaks during rush hours .
Tracking Taxi Flow
We saw this one by The New York Times fairly recently , made possible by a collaboration between Sense Networks and New York City ’s Taxi & Limousine Commission .
UK Traffic Flow
With the launch of data .gov.uk came a bunch of visualizations and applications .
Ito World put together several maps that show car , bus , bicycle , and motorcycle traffic .
San Francisco Buses and Trains
Taco Lab had some fun with public transit data .
The animation looks a lot like ants scurrying around in the dark .
Cascade on Wheels
Cascade on Wheels by Steph Thirion and team was an effort during the Visualizar workshop to show traffic in Madrid ’s city center .
In a bit of a different approach that we ’ve seen , traffic was represented with rising “ walls . ”
AirTraffic Worldwide
AirTraffic Worldwide by Zhaw shows just that .
Each yellow dot represents an airplane , and air traffic dies down as the cloud of darkness called night passes over the region .
Britain from Above
Britain from Above by 422 South was created for a special segment on BBC .
The series of videos revealed the ebb and flow of land and air traffic using GPS data .
Cabspotting
Of course we ca n’t talk about traffic visualization and maps without mentioning Stamen Design ’s Cabspotting .
Launched way back in 2006 , previous cab trails are drawn in the background , with current cabs driving around the city .
Flight Patterns
Finally , we ca n’t forget Aaron Koblin ’s Flight Patterns , which ( obviously ) shows a day of flights in the United States according to an FAA dataset .
It won a first place prize in the 2006 NSF visualization challenge .
See , I told you there was a lot of great stuff .
Did I miss anything obvious ?
Leave a link in the comments below .
Easiest - to-use and full - featured MP4 Converter :
Directly convert video for playing on Zune , iPod , Apple TV , iPhone , PSP etc .
Powerful video editing functions including video cropping , video trimming and video joining .
Convert other video formats to MP4 , AVI , MP3 , M4A , AAC , AC3 , OGG , WAV , etc
4 Easysoft MP4 Converter is an easiest - to - use MP4 Video Converter which is designed to convert almost any video formats to MPEG - 4 standard formats , such as AVI to MP4 , WMV to MPEG - 4 .
In addition , the MP4 Video Converter provides a powerful way to convert video and audio files to MP3 , M4A , AAC , AC3 , OGG , WAV , etc .
This MP4 Video Converter also provides you with flexible video editing options .
You can crop video , trim file segment , watermark video with image or text , etc .
These features make 4 Easysoft MP4 Video Converter the best solution to enjoy your favorite video on iPod , PSP , iPhone , Zune , Creative Zen Vision , etc .
West Virginia Mine Explosion : 25 Dead , Community Waits on Fate of Missing Miners Crews drilling in W. Va. to search for four miners ; President asks for prayers .
April 6 , 2010  --
The West Virginia community rocked by a massive mine explosion that killed 25 people are holding onto fading hope that the four miners believed to be trapped deep in in the mountainside will be found alive .
" I 've never seen anything like it , " West Virginia Gov. Joe Manchin told " Good Morning America " today , adding that it could take more than 12 hours for rescue workers to drill deep enough in the mine to ventilate the area and test the air quality .
Nearly everyone in the community surrounding Massey Energy Co. 's Upper Big Branch mine near Whitesville , W. Va. , has been affected by the worst mine disaster in more than 25 years .
President Obama asked for prayers for the men killed , their families and the rescue workers trying to find the miners still missing .
" May they rest in peace and may their families find comfort in the hard days ahead , " he said from the East Room of the White House ahead of an Easter prayer breakfast .
Obama reiterated his offer to Manchin that " the federal government stands ready to offer any assistance that is needed . "
Eleven deceased miners have been identified so far .
Eighteen are still in the mine and 14 of those are known to be dead , leaving more than a dozen families to wonder whether their loved ones died or whether they can hold out hope that they are among the four possibly still alive deep in the mine .
One miner , whose family has not been identified , came out of the mine during the day shift but lost his son , older brother and nephew in the explosion .
All three men have been recovered and identified .
But hopes are waning for the men still under the ground .
A buildup of toxic methane gas forced rescue workers from the mine early this morning .
With the threat of subsequent explosions high , officials decided not to risk more lives to reach those who are still underground .
" From the beginning to the end the best word I can think of to describe the evening was agony , " the Red Cross ' Sheri McGraw said this morning .
She described how families clung to each other in a holding area , eyes trained on the door waiting for word from mine officials .
" These guys are tough -- tough as nails , " Morgan Hall , who lost his best friend in the blast , said .
" They know what they 're stepping into .
You just work safe . "
The family of another of the miners who died in the blast said they simply prayed for him .
" We asked the Lord to watch over him , " a family member said .
" After 30 years in the mines , he said , ' If he takes me tomorrow , I 've had a good life . ' "
With the vast improvements made in terms of mine safety , technology and education , an explosion of this proportion was likely the result of a perfect storm of events , according to Mike Rohaly , a retired mine engineer who spent about 15 of his 35 - year career underground .
" In this day and age this kind of mine disaster is unheard of , " Rohaly said .
" A lot of bad things have to happen at the same time , in my opinion . "
While the tight - knit community is now bonded in shared anguish and grief , Rohaly said he'd expect a range of emotions as friends and family learn more about the accident .
" I 'm sure the response will vary all over the board with the miners and their families , " Rohaly said .
" Some of them will go right back to work , some of them will not have anything to do with mining and move , do whatever they can to get away from it . "
Mine Explosion : Distraught Families Wait in Anguish for News
A Facebook page that sprung up shortly after the blast and quickly grew to tens of thousands of members listed condolences , prayers and outrage at mine safety .
" My father was a coal miner in WV in the 1930s , " one poster wrote .
" He told me of running out of a coal mine as fine silty dust trailed behind him .
It appears mining is NO safer now than it was then ! "
Massey Energy is one of the nation 's largest coal producers , but has had a spotty safety record .
The company paid out millions of dollars in fines last year alone after admitting to repeated safety violations .
Manchin said an investigation would come later .
" I do n't know what happened , " Manchin said .
" We 're going to find out and do everything in our power to never let this happen again . "
Eddie Morris , a rescue task force member and third - generation miner who was at work in a mine more than an hour away raced to the scene after receiving messages that there had been an explosion at Upper Big Branch .
Whether any survivors come out alive , he said , " God has everything to do with it . "
Officials had hoped some of those missing were able to reach airtight chambers containing enough food , water and oxygen to help them survive for four days , Kevin Stricklin of the Mine Safety and Health Administration told The Associated Press .
But when rescue teams were able to access one of the two nearest chambers , they found it empty .
" It does not appear that any of the individuals made it to a rescue chamber , " Stricklin said at a news conference .
" The situation is dire . "
Benny R. Willingham , 62 , a miner who was five weeks away from retiring , was among those who died , his sister - in - law Sheila Prillaman , told the AP .
He had made plans to take his wife on a cruise to the Virgin Islands after retiring , Prillaman said .
She expressed her anger at Massey 's handling of the situation , saying family members only learned of Willingham 's death when they saw it on a list posted by the company , instead of being contacted by a representative .
Though the ever - present risk coal miners face every day is thrust into the spotlight anytime disaster strikes , Morris said miners just get up and go to work like everyone else .
" There 's an inherent risk in there , but there 's an inherent risk on the highway , " Morris said .
" I would n't do anything else . "
West Virginia Governor : Situation Looks Bleak
The blast could be heard , and felt , for miles .
" Before you knew it , it was just like your ears stopped up , you could n't hear , " miner Steve Smith told ABC Radio .
Smith felt the blast while working underground at another site about seven miles away .
" The next thing you know , you 're just right in the middle of a tornado , " Smith said .
" We were able to make it since we were n't that far underground right there at that side of the mountain .
" We just hurried up and high - tailed it back to the outside , " he said .
Machin admitted that the situation looks very bleak , but urged people to remain hopeful , pointing to the miracle rescue of Randal McCloy , who survived the 2006 Sago Mine , W.Va. , explosion despite being trapped for more than 40 hours in a toxic environment .
" The families want closure , " Manchin told reporters .
" They want names ... these families are good people .
Hard - working people .
They understand the challenges .
Right now I told them to do what they do best .
Love each other and come together as a family . "
One of the bereaved in the Sago Mine disaster , who lost his father , was now counseling families distraught over the loss of their loved ones , Manchin said .
The force of the blast was so severe , Manchin said that the rail which " most of your equipment and shuttles and man trips run off [...] look[ed ] like a pretzel " after the explosion .
" One of the miners that is missing was on the long wall , three were working in a mine section together , " he told reporters .
He said that he expects more information to be released later today , but counseled well - wishers against coming to the site of the explosion , " if they want to help they should help through the local Red Cross and pray . "
" In West Virginia our clergy is our grief counselors ; I do n't know how to explain it , the people were just so solid and they 're coming together . "
ABC News ' Cleopatra Andreadis and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
This commentary is the opinion of the author and may not necessarily reflect that of other authors at Box Turtle Bulletin .
Timothy Kincaid
With the growing openness of gay men and women and as they become more incorporated into the fabric of the culture , conservative Christianity has been challenged to rethink their position .
For years the only visible response was “ it ’s a vile sin ” .
As gay people slowly became visible , up sprang vitriolic “ family ” groups dedicated to fighting for the civil subjugation of gay people and the denial of social equality or even basic civil rights .
Although this approach was often phrased as “ love the sinner , hate the sin ” , there was little evidence that the “ sinner ” was much loved at all .
Rather , she was reviled as being immoral , militant , radical , anti-family , and a threat to children , the church , and all of Western civilization .
Advertising campaigns , legislation , rallies , and political movements were generated to take away his children , deny his employment or housing , ban him from civil service , tax him more heavily , incarcerate him if he dare fight back , and in all ways keep him a second class citizen .
But over time , secular voices were joined by mainline Christians in calling such treatment barbarian and un-Christian .
And some of the younger conservative Christians had a hard time aligning the “ evil homosexual ” image with those gay men and women they know .
So a new face of conservative Christianity is arising calling for more tolerance and seeking to share a loving God with their gay neighbors , to welcome them and love them rather than loudly condemn them .
And almost without exception , they get it entirely , completely , and miserably wrong .
Rather than see gay people as people , we are seen as a mission field , lost and desperate sinners trapped in a sinful and dangerous lifestyle hopelessly searching for acceptance and grace .
And they come into the discussion with the assumption that their understanding of Scripture is not only true , but universally accepted .
Too often , conservative Christians start with the premise that gay folk share their beliefs about homosexuality :
all humans feel a draw to know God and live according to His commandments ; and knowing Him , on any terms , is good
all sex other than one man , one woman under the covenant of heterosexual marriage is unquestionably condemned by God
homosexuality is acting out on ungodly temptation to sin
if gay people only came to feel loved by God then they would give up their sinful lifestyle
But these are not assumptions that our community accepts .
And often , these are assumptions have no more practical applications to our lives than than carrying a “ God Hates Fags ” signs .
These “ more tolerant ” conservatives generally come bearing a specific message , one that seems to have stepped in to replace “ love the sinner , hate the sin ” .
It goes something like this :
We all are sinners .
We gossip and lie and get angry and make mistakes all the time .
God forgives us all and sees no sin as greater than any other sin .
God loves homosexuals and forgives their sins as quickly as he forgives the sins of anyone else .
And they sit back waiting for the homosexual sinners to come kiss their hands with tears streaming down their faces , oh so thankful for this charity .
But what these Christians fail to see is that we do not see our sexual orientation in terms of behavior .
We are not gay because we do gay things .
We are gay because we are internally , inherently drawn in matters of romantic , emotional , sexual and spiritual attraction to persons of the same sex .
The sins that this tolerant Christian sees God forgive in his life are based on his own behaviors ; his failings are his own actions .
But the sins that he sees God forgive in our lives are not behavioral , but inherent ; our failings are intrinsic and will be present no matter what we do .
And when gay folk reject this overture , as we do , they indignantly reply , “ Well !
I called myself a sinner , too !
What more to you want ? ”
Take , as illustration , a Christian bus message campaign in Toronto .
Amidst a number of other questions posted on bus benches by Bus Stop Bible Studies , was this one :
The website to which the reader was directed sought to “ show love ” and sensitivity .
First , they explained why gay people are gay ( cached ) :
Reason 1 – The fall of mankind .
Death and decay came into the world when Adam sinned .
Reason 2 – Refusing to know God .
In Paul ’s Letter to the Romans he explains how God will show his displeasure “ … as acts of human mistrust and wrongdoing and lying accumulate , as people try to put a shroud over truth . ” that is those who have chosen to go against Him .
Well , now , that ’s fun .
My sexual orientation is either the sad and tragic consequence of sin in the world , much like muscular dystrophy or famine or it is the consequence of rebellious me refusing to know God .
Either a generic ill or a punishment .
Gee , that is n’t particularly encouraging .
So next we get the love and grace message .
Even though we are the consequence of Original Sin or of godless rebellion , there ’s Good News !
Does God love homosexuals ?
Yes !
Without exception .
Are my responsibilities as a homosexual any different from heterosexuals ?
We know from passages throughout Scripture that God hates homosexual acts BUT no more than any other sinful act .
Some individuals seem to place homosexual acts in a special class – God does not .
Sin is sin .
Homosexual activity is no better or worse than heterosexuals engaging in sexual activity outside of marriage .
Woo hoo .
A devoted gay relationship is no more offensive to God than cheating on your spouse .
Goodie .
And that ’s the nice part .
They also shared that AIDS is not God ’s judgment … but if you engage in “ selfish freewill choices ” then “ As you sow , so shall you reap . ”
And , even worse , you may hurt an “ innocent person ” like a hemophiliac child .
I guess they forgot one little part : he can wake up tomorrow and decide to stop being a cheating , lying , womanizing a$ $hat , but I ’ll still be gay .
And the extra-special plan that God has for gay people ?
Is it a lifetime of celibacy ?
Perhaps it is never , ever , experiencing romance , flirting , a first date , or a kiss on the beach under the moonlight .
Maybe a life of devotion to others , knowing that your last breath will not be with a partner .
Being a wonderful uncle or sister or neighbor , but knowing this : God ’s Plan is for you to never be the most important person in anyone ’s life .
And they wonder why we do n’t leap at the opportunity .
“ But it ’s grace ” , they say .
“ God is as quick to forgive you for your life of love , commitment and devotion to your partner as He is to forgive me of my extramarital affairs .
He ’ll forgive you for building a life together , for caring until death do you part , He ’ll pardon you for experiencing same - sex attraction just as quickly as he forgives a murderer . ”
Is it any surprise that some gay people conclude that God is a bully ?
Or that even more have responded to such nonsense by questioning the existence of gods at all and have come to conclude that it ’s all just irrational myth and superstitions ?
And , indeed , Toronto ’s gay community was not amused .
( Torontoist )
After receiving a number of complaints about the “ Does God care … ? ” poster , the TTC sent the offending ad to its advertising review committee to evaluate whether the panels should remain posted .
But , says TTC Director of Communications Brad Ross , “ That point is moot now that Bus Stop Bible Studies has voluntarily decided to remove the ads . ”
But they did not do so graciously .
They removed the website ’s “ sin ” discussion and replaced it with a whiny complaint about how they were misunderstood and now they are being picked on .
The content of this page has been removed .
It has become apparent that , while one is free to ask the question , “ Does God care if I ’m gay ? ” one is not so free to answer the question from a Biblical perspective .
It seems that the whole message of God ’s justice and grace was being misinterpreted .
Oh , those poor bus stop preachers .
The nasty gays misinterpreted the message about how they were gay because they rejected God and the notion that with AIDS , “ you reap what you sow ” .
The funny thing is that I believe that the bus stop folks really do believe that they are tolerant .
They did n’t come preaching hate ( as they see it ) .
They did n’t even say that you had to become straight to know God .
But their ignorance and presumption was only exceeded by their callousness and self - righteousness .
They came bearing the same ol ’ steaming pile of dogma , wrapped in smugness and arrogance , and were Shocked !
that it was rejected as hateful and offensive .
So here is my message to the conservative Christians who “ have a heart for the gay community ” : think about what you are saying and how crazy offensive it would be if directed towards anyone else .
You claim that you see all sin the same , but you do n’t .
No one does .
Gossip may be annoying , but we do n’t light the torches and gather the pitchforks like we do when a murderer is loose .
We do n’t amend the constitution to protect the family from those who love money .
We do n’t pass laws banning liars from serving in Congress or keeping those who curse their parents from serving in the military .
We know that you really do think that our “ sin ” is so much worse than your own and we are not impressed when you lie and say that you do n’t .
And , guess what ?
We are not sitting around waiting for someone , anyone , to tell us that God loves us .
There are gay affirming churches , and we know how to get to them .
Yes , we know that you believe these churches to be wrong , but you believe that a whole lot of churches are wrong about a whole slew of doctrinal issues and the only one you seem interested in addressing is gay people .
Think how odd it would sound to “ really have a heart for Lutherans ” or “ feel God is calling me to evangelize to Episcopalians ” .
How condescending and arrogant .
That ’s exactly the same way it feels to us when you come sharing the news that God loves us and if we only just really , really knew that then our lives would be changed .
And for as long as you continue to be part of the movement to deny civil equalities , you will never , ever “ reach gay people for Christ ” .
If your Christ compels you to take away my health insurance , then your Christ is my enemy .
If His message of love is to take my children away from me , then I ’ll do without that kind of love , thanks .
If your position on my personal freedoms is exactly the same as that of the Phelps family , then you really have nothing to share with me or my community .
If your voting pattern is identical to Peter LaBarbera , then your gospel is nothing but a sounding brass or tinkling cymbal .
Do n’t get me wrong .
I do appreciate that you are n’t calling us abominations and perverts .
I really do .
Setting aside the language of condemnation and revulsion is a step in the right direction .
But it is n’t as big a step as you think it is .
And as long as you come to us with the message that God wants us to live a love - less life of aloneness and think that we are going to see this as good news , do n’t be surprised that we are not impressed .
If you think that you are doing us a favor by being “ compassionate for our struggle ” , then do n’t expect any more congratulation than what your are already giving yourself .
And until you come up with a theology that reveals God as something other than a bigot or a bully , you can be sure that your “ mission to the homosexuals ” will not be fruitful .
Radly Balko of Reason posted this video of a SWAT raid on a family in Missouri .
The officers found a small amount of cannabis , and so they arrested the parents on a charge of child endangerment , naturally .
It 's horrifying , but I 'd urge you to watch it , and to send it to the drug warriors in your life .
This is the blunt - end result of all the war imagery and militaristic rhetoric politicians have been spewing for the last 30 years — cops dressed like soldiers , barreling through the front door middle of the night , slaughtering the family pets , filling the house with bullets in the presence of children , then having the audacity to charge the parents with endangering their own kid .
There are 100 - 150 of these raids every day in America , the vast , vast majority like this one , to serve a warrant for a consensual crime .
Just pretend it 's an outtake from Idiocracy .
Video of SWAT Raid on Missouri Family
Grand Junction , Colorado ( CNN ) --
They are not typical Tea Party activists : A woman who voted for President Obama and believes he 's a " phenomenal speaker . "
Another who said she was a " knee - jerk , bleeding heart liberal . "
These two women are not alone .
Some Americans who say they have been sympathetic to Democratic causes in the past -- some even voted for Democratic candidates -- are angry with President Obama and his party .
They say they are now supporting the Tea Party -- a movement that champions less government , lower taxes and the defeat of Democrats even though it 's not formally aligned with the Republican Party .
To be sure , the number of Democrats in the Tea Party movement is small .
A recent CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll shows that while 96 percent of Tea Party activists identify themselves as either Republican or Independent , only 4 percent say they are Democrats .
Some of these disgruntled voters are taking part in the current Tea Party Express tour .
The tour began in Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid 's hometown of Searchlight , Nevada , on March 28 and is making 44 stops across the nation .
It ends in Washington on tax day -- April 15 .
Ann Ducket attended the Tea Party rally in Grand Junction , Colorado , on Wednesday .
A lawyer and lifelong Democrat , Ducket made her political leanings clear :
She said she was a campus community organizer for Democratic Sen.
George McGovern 's 1972 presidential campaign , voted for Jimmy Carter and Al Gore , and previously ran for elective office in Colorado as a Democrat .
" I was a card - carrying member of the ACLU , and I probably did inhale in college , " Ducket said .
Ducket , who is now an independent and did not vote for Obama , said the president has " carried things to an extreme . "
" I think we 've gone too far on the side of government doing too much , " Ducket said .
" The Democratic Party is wanting to take care of everyone , instead of helping everybody stand on their own two feet . "
Roxanne Lewis expressed a similar point of view .
A small business owner in Grand Junction , Lewis described herself as a lifelong Democrat and called the president a " phenomenal speaker . "
She voted for him because she " believed in what he was saying : change . "
But , Lewis added , " I should 've listened a lot closer when he talked about ' spreading the wealth . ' "
Asked how she feels about having voted for the president , Lewis said " I feel lied to , cheated and raped . "
Lewis criticized the taxpayer - funded bailouts of financial institutions , which began under former President George W. Bush , and the bailout of General Motors and Chrysler .
" These are not the Democrats that I have been brought up with , " Lewis said .
However , she said she will continue to be a Democrat .
" We hear from folks , probably at every rally , who say , ' I was a Democrat , ' " Levi Russell , communications director for the Tea Party express tour , said .
" Having more Democrats join the movement shows that it is more representative of the American people than the antics of the Obama , [ House Speaker Nancy ] Pelosi , Reid leadership , " Russell said .
The Democratic National Committee declined to comment .
David Saucedo is a rapper and community activist who frequently appears at Tea Party rallies .
Using the stage name " Polatik , " he performs rap songs that slam President Obama and the Democrats .
Though he eventually voted for GOP Sen .
John McCain in the 2008 presidential election , he said he was initially impressed with the president .
Now Saucedo has turned into an Obama critic .
" A lot of the things he says sound good , until you look at the consequences of what they will do on the long term . "
Saucedo also said that most of his family voted for the president but now support the Tea Party .
He said his sister in law 's views sum up the family sentiment .
" She regrets voting for Barack Obama , " he said .
Arizona lawmakers on Monday approved one of the toughest illegal immigration laws in the United States .
The immigration bill now heads to Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer , who has five days to sign it , veto it or do nothing and allow it to become law .
Brewer said she'd be reviewing the legislation over the next several days , indicating that she will likely take the maximum time allowed to her before taking action .
Photos | Q&A with Sen. Russell Pearce
Cardinal likens Ariz . immigration crackdown to Nazis
McCain 's immigration switch called ' shameful '
Brewer has ' concerns ; ' mum on whether she 'll sign
Senate Bill 1070 would , among other things , make it a state crime to be in the country illegally and require local police to enforce federal - immigration laws .
If the governor signs it , Arizona would be the first state to criminalize illegal immigrants .
The Senate approved the bill 17 to 11 .
The only dissenting Republican was Sen. Carolyn Allen , R - Scottsdale .
The House of Representatives made changes to the bill last week , and it had to go back to the Senate for approval .
Brewer , speaking to media at an unrelated news conference Monday morning , said she had " concerns " about SB 1070 .
" I am always concerned about all of those things , " Brewer said when asked about several specific provisions of the bill , including one that would require police to ask anyone they suspect of being in the country illegally to produce an " alien registration document " such as a green card .
Those who do n't or can't produce one would be charged with a Class 1 misdemeanor and face a minimum $ 500 fine .
Still , Brewer declined to give any indication as to whether she would sign or veto the legislation , which has gotten national attention .
If she signs the bill , it would go into effect 90 days after the session ends .
" I 'll look at it , go over it and review it completely when it hits my desk , " she said .
Nearly 30 people gathered for a candlelight vigil in front of Brewer 's Glendale home Sunday night in a bid to convince her to veto the bill .
Dozens more carried signs opposing the bill in front of her office Monday morning .
The protesters said the bill could increase racial profiling in Arizona .
Protestors and advocates on both sides of the issue have spent the past week holding rallies , issuing statements , appearing on national talk shows and bombarding Brewer 's office with e-mails and phone calls .
U.S. Sen . John McCain threw his support toward the measure on Monday .
" I think the people of Arizona understandably are frustrated and angry , " the Arizona Republican said .
" It 's also a commentary on the frustration that our state Legislature has that the federal government has not fulfilled its constitutional responsibilities to secure our borders . "
Republican J.D. Hayworth , who is running for McCain 's Senate seat , has been issuing news releases in support of the state legislation for several weeks .
Opponents include Mexico's embassy , American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona , Valley Interfaith Project and the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce .
Several groups , including National Day Laborer Organizing Network and the Mexican American Legal Defense Fund , planned a news conference in Washington , D.C. , on Wednesday to ask President Obama to intervene .
Other groups already have promised a legal challenge if the legislation becomes law .
The American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona is considering litigation if the bill becomes law .
Executive director Alessandra Soler Meetze said there are two options .
One would be to wait until somebody is " injured " by the enforcement of the law .
The other would be to challenge the legality of the law and try to get a court to issue a preliminary injunction to prevent the law from going into effect .
" We do n't know what the format would be , " Soler Meetze said .
ACLU 's primary concerns about the bill are how it would impact police resources , that it would target Latinos and that it includes no training requirement for law enforcement .
" Rather than going after human smugglers , drug smugglers , this gives police authority to stop and question people who fail to carry their paperwork , " she said .
" This will give police officers the green light to engage in profiling and harass people who look and sound foreign . "
Arizona law enforcement groups are split on the bill , with a union for Phoenix Police Department officers supporting it and a statewide association of police chiefs opposed .
The Arizona Police Association represents 18 local law enforcement associations and approximately 9,000 rank and file officers .
Executive Director Brian Livingston said his members support SB 1070 .
He said the bill does n't force officers to focus on immigration issues , but simply permits them to determine an individual 's immigration status " if they choose " to do so .
Officers are still required to develop a reasonable suspicion first , he said .
" People are becoming unduly concerned , " Livingston said .
" Police are professionals .
They know when and in what scenario a determination of immigration status is necessary .
If you see someone of color , of a different dress , no matter how unusual , you can't just stop and interrogate a person . "
He said his association will recommend that officers be trained in search and seizure laws , but he said that is something that departments should easily be able to handle without added cost .
Although the public was not allowed to speak at Monday 's hearing , lawmakers on both sides became heated .
The bill 's sponsor , Sen. Russell Pearce , R - Mesa , told the Senate : " Illegal is not a race , it 's a crime . "
He said he expects the state to be sued over the law , and he expects the law to prevail .
Sen . Richard Miranda , D - Tolleson , voice shaking , spoke out against the bill .
He said everybody wants something done about the state 's border problems .
But he said this bill is not the solution .
" People are so desperate for an answer to this situation , that they 'll drink the sand thinking it 's water , " he said .
He said by passing this law , Arizona is sacrificing its civil rights and encouraging racial profiling .
" It 's popular that I hear that we 're going to take handcuffs off police , " Miranda said .
" What we 're doing with this bill is putting the handcuffs on the community . "
Sen .
Ken Cheuvront , D - Phoenix , said the proposed legislation has resulted in Arizona being called the " Alabama of the 21st century " and a police state .
He said national groups are urging boycotts .
" This is extremely un-American , " he said .
" To have the rest of the world look at the state of Arizona in this light is very damaging . "
Sen. Leah Landrum Taylor echoed that sentiment .
" Is this really going to be a state that people are going to want to come to , whether to visit on a temporary basis or as a business wanting to relocate here ? "
Landrum Taylor asked .
" Our state will be going completely backward . "
Sen . Paula Aboud , D - Tucson , took it even further .
This piece of legislation are tactics that were used in Nazi Germany , " Aboud said of the requirement that individuals be able to show paperwork .
Sen . Rebecca Rios , D - Apache Junction , said this legislation will cost financially struggling cities millions in lawsuits and have a " chilling effect " on public safety by making people afraid to report crime and forcing officers to focus on immigration instead of crimes like human smuggling or drug trafficking .
" It 's very popular to jump on the bandwagon and scapegoat a race of people , " Rios said .
" But the devil is in the details .
This bill will not do what many have said it would .
It will create more problems for our state . "
Several in support of the measure said they are simply doing what they have to do in the face of the federal government doing nothing .
" The U.S. Constitution says the federal government shall protect states from foreign invasion , " Sen .
Ron Gould , R - Lake Havasu City , said .
" The federal government has not done that .
People are being attacked � Arizona needs to act . "
The bill is the latest aimed at cementing the state 's reputation as the leader in tough and controversial immigration - control measures .
Arizona has about 460,000 undocumented immigrants , according to the Department of Homeland Security .
Currently , immigration offenses are violations of federal law , something most local law - enforcement agencies cannot enforce .
Under the proposed law , an individual is presumed to be in the U.S. legally if they can provide an officer with an Arizona driver 's license or identification card , a tribal identification card or any federal , state or local government - issued identification .
If they do n't have those documents , they would have to produce the " alien registration document . "
The bill also aims to stop day - labor solicitations by making it illegal to seek work or pick up somebody for work from a road or sidewalk if doing so slows traffic .
Vincent Picard , a federal Immigration and Customs enforcement spokesman in Phoenix , declined comment on the Arizona legislation and referred a reporter to the U.S. Department of Homeland Security 's Washington headquarters .
The agency did not immediately respond to an inquiry .
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
After years of inactivity , the Canadian post - rock juggernaut known as Godspeed You !
Black Emperor is rumbling back to life .
The first order of business : curating and headlining ATP's Nightmare Before Christmas , taking place at Butlins Holiday Centre in Minehead , England December 3 - 5 .
Other acts performing include Deerhoof , Mike Watt , the Ex , Tim Hecker , Scout Niblett , and Bardo Pond .
Then :
In a note on their website , Godspeed promise a tour consisting of " a handful of British and European shows , and then nine American shows . "
And that 's it ... for now .
As they say , " Until further introspection , WE WILL NOT BE FIELDING ANY OTHER OFFERS . "
They also are n't doing any interviews , so do n't ask .
The note also says , " between now and the live - dates , there 'll be rivers of noise and distraction .
and the internet is a petty tyrannical monster .
please remember that really all that matters is the keep on keeping on .
and all that really matters is the shows .
and physical engagement in the world .
and folks like us and folks like you .
thanks for understanding , and thank you for still listening . "
The Wikileaks video of a lethal incident in Baghdad in July , 2007 , reminds me of footage I once saw of Brazilian hunters in a helicopter chasing Indians as they fled across the bush and mowing them down for sport .
And it left me with the same sickened feeling — at the cold - blooded merriment of the shooters , their safe and dehumanizing distance from their targets , the exposed helplessness of the Iraqis being shot up in the sunwashed street .
Shame , disgust , outrage : these are the normal , the right , the only human feelings one can have on seeing such a scene .
And they are the feelings the producers of this short video , originally taken by a camera in one of the Apaches and leaked by someone in the military , want to evoke .
There is an account of the same incident by David Finkel , the Washington Post reporter who spent fifteen months with the battalion involved , the 2 - 16 .
It appears in Chapter 5 of Finkel ’s powerful book about the surge , “ The Good Soldiers . ”
It takes about as long to read those twenty - two pages as it does to watch the seventeen - minute video ( which Finkel must have seen long before it was leaked ) , but you learn much more from the book — about the actions of the militiamen that day and previous days , about the thoughts and feelings of some of the American ground troops , about the difference between being on the streets and several thousand feet up at the controls of an Apache , about the ambiguous role of the Iraqi police .
Finkel gives what he calls “ four versions of the war ” on that single day .
The soldiers are callous , as you would expect young men caught up in a particularly ugly and confusing kind of war to be .
Callous and angry — and also , in other moments , hopeful , generous , capable of friendliness toward Iraqis .
Literature — and Finkel ’s book deserves the name — excels at this kind of breadth and depth of vision .
Photography and video generally do not , especially when there ’s no human being behind the lens .
By their nature images strip events of context : their powerful impact in part depends on narrowness , immediacy , and purity of form .
And there ’s a great deal that this video leaves out .
It does n’t tell you about the circumstances of the attack , how a few days earlier this neighborhood in eastern Baghdad had exploded in combat between American soldiers and Sadrist militiamen detonating hidden bombs and staging ambushes .
It does n’t tell you about the fighting going on near the street where a group of men , some of them armed , come into the Apaches ’ view .
It does n’t tell you that the Apaches are providing support for infantrymen of the 2 - 16 , in armored vehicles , who have been taking fire .
These pieces of missing information are not just inherent limitations in video .
The producers themselves have chosen not to provide them .
There appears to be a purpose to the omissions , which is underlined by the Orwell quote at the start , the prefatory explanation , the quotes and dedication at the end , even the way the helicopter crew ’s cruel remarks are edited in a few places for effect .
Although the producers identify the camera of the Reuters journalist who , along with his assistant , will be killed by Apache cannon fire , they do n’t point to the AK - 47 or the RPG launcher carried by other men with whom the journalists are walking in a group .
Stripped of much context and weighted with commentary , this video is both an important document of the war , courageously leaked after the military had steadily refused to release it , and , in its way , a propaganda film .
( Wikileaks also released an unadorned , unedited , thirty - eight - minute version on a Web site called Collateral Murder . )
Does it reveal a war crime ?
I do n’t think so .
This is n’t Abu Ghraib , or the rape atrocity in the Triangle of Death , or the Haditha massacre .
The Apache crews make a series of bad judgments — some of them understandable , like mistaking the photographer ’s long lens as it pokes around the corner of a building for an RPG ; others much less defensible , like firing repeatedly at a van that has stopped to pick up a wounded man — but they are n’t shooting indiscriminately like in a free - fire zone .
The video is important because it shows the kind of tragedy that is absolutely inevitable in wars likes the ones America has been fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan , but especially in urban Baghdad : where a journalist and a militiaman can appear indistinguishable , where a gunner surrounded by noise and heat high in the sky will fail or choose not to look for complicating details in the scene far below , and where a van taking away a wounded man might be a legitimate target if it were a military vehicle in a conventional war .
Those who say that incidents like this have been common in Iraq and Afghanistan are not wrong .
The military ’s claim that the soldiers followed their rules of engagement is probably not wrong either ( though the attempted cover - up invites suspicion ) .
Anyone who sends young troops into war should expect them to kill innocent people by mistake , and to crack jokes about the people they ’ve killed .
This does n’t make them war criminals , or even moral monsters .
Nor is it the whole truth about them , or about the war .
But it ’s a truth , and it should be seen .
WOMEN ARE MUCH CHOOSIER than men when it comes to romance .
This is well known , but the reason for this gender difference is unclear .
Evolutionary psychologists think it is because back in prehistoric times “ dating ” was much riskier for women .
Men who made an ill - advised choice in the ancient version of a singles bar simply had one lousy night .
Women who chose unwisely could end up facing years of motherhood without the critical help that a stable partner would have provided .
That is less true today , yet women remain much more selective .
Is this difference a vestige of our early ancestry ?
Or might it be totally unrelated to reproductive risk , the result of something more modern and mundane ?
A couple of Northwestern University psychologists , Eli J. Finkel and Paul W. Eastwick , decided to explore this question in an unusual laboratory : a real - life speed - dating event .
People in Motion
For the uninitiated , speed dating is an increasingly popular way for men and women to meet and find potential partners .
Participants attend a sponsored event and go on a series of very brief “ dates , ” about four minutes each .
Typically the women sit scattered around a room , and the men make the rounds .
Afterward , both men and women indicate to the sponsor if they would be interested in seeing any of the others again .
If two “ yeses ” match up , they get phone numbers and that ’s it .
They ’re on their own .
Men say “ yes ” a lot more than women .
That is expected , but Finkel and Eastwick had a novel theory about why .
Perhaps it could be explained by the simple convention of men standing and approaching — and women sitting passively .
There has been a lot of recent work on the mutual influence of body and mind — how we embody our thoughts and emotions .
For example , body movements can subconsciously influence people ’s attitudes toward another race .
In a 2007 study at York University in Canada psychologists found that nonblack participants who were trained to pull a joystick toward them when they saw a picture of a black person subsequently had fewer implicit ( subconscious ) biases against blacks than people who were trained to push the joystick away or to the left or right .
Pulling the joystick was similar , in a psychological sense , to approaching the individuals in the pictures — and when people approach someone , their feelings about that person tend to warm .
Finkel and Eastwick speculated that in speed dating , physically approaching someone might be enough to make the potential date more appealing romantically — and thus , because men usually approach women in such events , to make the men less choosy overall .
They tested this hypothesis in a series of 15 heterosexual speed - dating events , involving 350 young men and women .
Each participant went on about 12 dates , but the researchers changed the rules : in seven of the events , the women approached the men , so overall both genders approached each other about equally .
After each date , the participants rated their partners for romantic desirability and romantic chemistry .
They also rated their own sense of self - confidence on the date .
After all the brief dates were over , they decided thumbs up or thumbs down for each candidate .
Hello , I Love You
The results were a score .
As reported in the October 2009 issue of Psychological Science , the well - known gender difference vanished when men and women assumed more egalitarian roles — when women made the rounds and men sat , both sexes were equally choosy .
This finding is not a complete reversal of the old rule , however ; the seated men were not choosier than the traveling women , the way seated women are choosier than men in the traditional speed - dating setup .
This suggests that the ancient tendencies still exist but may be less influential than previously thought , because they are also reinforced by arbitrary social norms such as the convention that men usually approach women when there is potential for romance .
What ’s more , by asking the participants to rate their self - confidence , the researchers provided further insight into what specifically about the speed - dating setup led both men and women to be more selective when they were seated .
The investigators had wondered whether the act of sitting and being approached by a long string of members of the opposite sex made people feel especially desirable and , therefore , justifiably choosier .
But they found that those who rotated showed more self - confidence than those who sat , nixing the idea that the sitters ’ perception of being in greatdemand was driving their relative choosiness .
Instead simply standing and being on the move boosted both genders ’ sense of confidence , which in turn boosted their romantic attraction to the people they approached .
We do n’t speed - date our way through real life , of course , but there are all kinds of social conventions based on gender , and these presumably shape romantic feelings and actions .
Having men behave more like women and women more like men appears to narrow at least this one gap between the sexes .
Our friends over at PixarTalk.com have scored the first exclusive image from Teddy Newton ’s Day & Night , the short which is going to precede Lee Unkrich ’s Toy Story 3 when it ’s released 23rd July .
I was lucky to see the finished short and have lunch with Teddy and producer , Kevin Reher when I visited Pixar a few months ago and although it ’s very very different to anything you ’ll have seen before , I know you ’re going to love it .
I was going to try and explain what Night and Day is all about but Pixar Talk have the official blurb here which saves me wracking my head around how to explain it without spoiling it .
When Day , a sunny fellow , encounters Night , a stranger of distinctly darker moods , sparks fly !
Day and Night are frightened and suspicious of each other at first , and quickly get off on the wrong foot .
But as they discover each other ’s unique qualities –and come to realize that each of them offers a different window onto the same world –the friendship helps both to gain a new perspective .
Click the image below to enlarge .
PORTLAND – One School Committee member , saying she ’s “ appalled ” by the behavior of some of the Republicans who used a room at King Middle School last weekend , wants to protect the city ’s public schools from future harm .
Sarah Thompson said she plans to raise the issue when the committee meets on May 19 .
She has asked Superintendent Jim Morse to contact City Manager Joe Gray so the committee will have a clear understanding of policies and legalities related to the rental and public use of school buildings .
“ We allowed them to use the space and I ’m appalled that they would go through a teacher ’s things , let alone remove something from a classroom , ” Thompson said Wednesday .
“ We want the public to use school spaces , but they need to respect that it ’s a school and understand that they should leave it the way they find it . ”
The Republican State Convention was held at the Portland Exposition Building , which is on Park Avenue , near the middle school .
Party members from Knox County caucused in a classroom used by eighth - grade social studies teacher Paul Clifford .
When Clifford returned to school on Monday , he found that a favorite poster about the U.S. labor movement had been taken and replaced with a bumper sticker that read , “ Working People Vote Republican . ”
Later , Clifford learned that his classroom had been searched .
Republicans who had attended the convention called Principal Mike McCarthy to complain about “ anti-American ” things they saw there , including a closed box containing copies of the U.S. Constitution that were published by the American Civil Liberties Union .
Maine Republican Party leaders have issued a written apology to King students and teachers .
“ King Middle School was kind enough to allow the ( party ) to use their facilities and we are deeply concerned about the lack of respect shown to the faculty , ” wrote Executive Director Christie - Lee McNally .
McNally said the party does n’t condone the destruction of property or encourage the lack of tolerance that a few convention - goers demonstrated .
“ Over 900 other people attended these caucuses without incident and I hope that the actions of few do not tarnish the image of many , ” she said .
Thompson , whose children have attended King , noted that the middle school follows an Expeditionary Learning curriculum , which encourages students to investigate subjects in depth and from all angles .
She also defended Clifford , saying that he would n’t promote one political ideology over another or restrict students from expressing their own thoughts , which were reflected in some posters in the classroom that students had made .
If the Republicans who used the room did n’t like what they saw , they had every right to complain , by writing a letter or making a phone call , Thompson said .
They did n’t have the right to search , destroy or take anything in the classroom .
“ School is about the exploration of ideas , ” Thompson said .
“ People need to respect that , regardless of their political party . ”
Staff Writer Kelley Bouchard can be contacted at 791-6328 or at :
[ email protected ]
Send questions / comments to the editors .
" " Iron filings beautifully show off the opposing fields of the same poles of two bar magnets .
Spencer Grant / Photographer 's Choice RF / Getty Images
­ It all started when we went shopping for a magnet for a demonstration on liquid body armor .
We wanted to show that a magnetic field could cause certain liquids to behave as solids .
Along with the petri dishes and iron filings we needed , the Steve Spangler Science catalog had a neodymium magnet it described as " super strong . "
We ordered our supplies , hoping that the magnet would be powerful enough to create an effect we could capture on film .
The magnet did n't just transform our iron - and - oil fluid into a solid -- sometimes , its pull on the fluid cracked the petri dish holding it .
Once , the magnet unexpectedly flew out of a videographer 's hand and into a dish full of dry filings , which required considerable ingenuity to remove .
It also adhered itself so firmly to the underside of a metal table that we had to use a pair of locking pliers to retrieve it .
When we decided it would be safer to keep the magnet in a pocket between takes , people wound up momentarily stuck to the table , a ladder and the studio door .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Around the office , the magnet became an object of curiosity and the subject of impromptu experiments .
Its uncanny strength and its tendency to suddenly and noisily jump from unwary grips to the nearest metal surface got us thinking .
We all knew the basics of magnets and magnetism -- magnets attract specific metals , and they have north and south poles .
Opposite poles attract each other while like poles repel .
Magnetic and electrical fields are related , and magnetism , along with gravity and strong and weak atomic forces , is one of the four fundamental forces in the universe .
But none of those facts led to an answer to our most basic question .
What exactly makes a magnet stick to certain metals ?
By extension , why do n't they stick to other metals ?
Why do they attract or repel each other , depending on their positioning ?
And what makes neodymium magnets so much stronger than the ceramic magnets we played with as children ?
" " Iron filings ( right ) align along the magnetic field lines of a cylindrical neodymium magnet .
To understand the answers to these questions , it helps to have a basic definition of a magnet .
Magnets are objects that produce magnetic fields and attract metals like iron , nickel and cobalt .
The magnetic field 's lines of force exit the magnet from its north pole and enter its south pole .
Permanent or hard magnets create their own magnetic field all the time .
Temporary or soft magnets produce magnetic fields while in the presence of a magnetic field and for a short while after exiting the field .
Electromagnets produce magnetic fields only when electricity travels through their wire coils .
" " Iron filings ( right ) align along the magnetic field lines of a cubical neodymium magnet .
Until recently , all magnets were made from metal elements or alloys .
These materials produced magnets of different strengths .
For example :
Ceramic magnets , like the ones used in refrigerator magnets and elementary - school science experiments , contain iron oxide in a ceramic composite .
Most ceramic magnets , sometimes known as ferric magnets , are n't particularly strong .
Alnico magnets are made from aluminum , nickel and cobalt .
They 're stronger than ceramic magnets , but not as strong as the ones that incorporate a class of elements known as rare - earth metals .
Neodymium magnets contain iron , boron and the rare - earth element neodymium .
Samarium cobalt magnets combine cobalt with the rare - earth element samarium .
In the past few years , scientists have also discovered magnetic polymers , or plastic magnets .
Some of these are flexible and moldable .
However , some work only at extremely low temperatures , and others pick up only very lightweight materials , like iron filings .
TOFINO — District of Tofino council wants to keep its unique charm by keeping out franchises like the golden arches , Starbucks and Tim Hortons .
Council made a motion Tuesday directing staff to draft a bylaw that would ban franchises in Tofino utilizing a section of the official community plan which discourages future development and location of large - format retail chains and fast - food chains that do not reflect the character of Tofino , according to Coun.
Stephen Ashton who proposed the motion .
Ashton said he is concerned Tofino would lose its distinctness among other communities .
“ We are very unique where you can come to this place and you do n't have a Starbucks , Tim Hortons or a McDonalds , ” he said .
However , Ashton admitted that already existing franchises in the municipality could not be banned .
“ I think that we have to be proactive , ” he said .
Bob Long , chief administrative officer , said the bylaws will have to be enforceable and council will have to assess the risks involved .
“ There is something called the Charter of Rights and Freedoms , ” Long said to council .
“ And sometimes these types of things can conflict with each other .
You can't really enact legislation that is contrary to those freedoms and rights . ”
However , Ashton said one community he knew of passed a bylaw banning restaurants without table service .
“ It 's do - able … there 's different ways of doing it , ” he explained .
“ I 'm not suggesting that that would be a solution , but that 's how they got around franchises . ”
Ashton also said many people believe there is such a bylaw in place already .
“ This helps solidify that talk that 's already out there , ” he added .
Long said staff will do the best it can .
“ Then council will know what the risks are associated with that kind of legislation , ” he said .
By Torin Douglas
Media correspondent , BBC News
Ofcom 's report on Pay TV has proved to be controversial How close is the Conservative party to the Murdoch media empire ?
The question has been brought into sharp focus by Ofcom 's long - awaited Pay TV report , which has ordered BSkyB to cut its charges for Sky Sports .
Last summer , as the media regulator gathered evidence for its pay - TV review , Conservative leader David Cameron said that Ofcom " as we know it , would cease to exist " if his party came into power , Said Mr Cameron : " Give Ofcom , or give a new body , the technical function of handing out the licences and regulating , lightly , the content that 's on the screens .
But it should n't be making policy , it should n't have its own communications department .
" The head of Ofcom is paid almost half a million pounds .
We could slim this body down a huge amount and save a lot of money for the taxpayer . "
BBC 's future Accusations - hotly denied by the Tories - have been made that Conservative media policy is in effect being written by Rupert Murdoch and his son James - the chairman of BSkyB , chief executive of the Sun 's owners News International , and not a fan of Ofcom .
Labour claimed there 'd been a deal on media policy after the Sun newspaper switched its allegiance to the Conservatives .
A few weeks after Mr Cameron 's comments , James Murdoch launched an outspoken attack on the BBC .
Then shadow culture secretary Jeremy Hunt caused more alarm when he said the Conservatives would replace the BBC Trust if they came to power , and were considering whether to " rip up " the BBC Charter .
There are some things we agree with [ the Murdochs ] on , and some things we disagree with them on
Jeremy Hunt ,
Tory culture spokesman
He 's since said they'd let the Charter run its course , to ensure the BBC 's independence - but would the Tories allow Ofcom 's ruling against Sky to stand ?
Culture Secretary Ben Bradshaw said governments should not interfere with regulators .
" I think that 's a principle that matters greatly and I 'm worried that the Conservatives have variously said they would abolish Ofcom , they would reduce its powers , and since this report , there 's been a deafening silence from the Conservatives about what they would do . "
So I asked Jeremy Hunt , the Tories ' culture spokesman , exactly what they would do about the Ofcom ruling ?
" We are absolutely clear that these kinds of matters are a matter for regulators , not for politicians , " he told me .
" Where you have competition issues like [ the Ofciom ruling ] , they are obviously highly sensitive and it's incredibly important that they are made by people who can't in any way be influenced or leaned on .
" So that is one of the categories of decision that we have said must be made by an independent regulator and not by politicians . "
Ministerial control
And yet David Cameron has said Ofcom would be cut back , if Ofcom even exists in future .
What did he mean by that and what is the policy ?
" We feel that people elect governments and ministers to make the decisions on big policy issues .
So we 've said we want the policy - making functions of quangos like Ofcom and the Arts Council to be returned to ministers .
David Cameron has pledged to change Ofcom if he becomes prime minister " For matters of policy we think it should be ministers that make the decision but for competition issues it 's obviously very important it should be done at arms ' length from politicians . "
But some people say the Tories are in hock to Rupert Murdoch - the Sun has come out in favour of the Conservatives - that their media policy is being written by Rupert and James Murdoch .
" It 's absolute nonsense , " said Mr Hunt .
" There is a great conspiracy theory that 's been particularly peddled in the Guardian but I think you just have to look at the whole record .
" Eighteen months ago David Cameron wrote an article in the Sun of all places , defending the principle of the licence fee .
This is not someone who is trying to suck up the Murdochs .
" If you remember , James Murdoch 's McTaggart Lecture in Edinburgh was explicitly criticising the existence of the licence fee .
So there are some things we agree with them on , and some things we disagree with them on . "
Mr Hunt accuses Labour of sour grapes at losing the Murdochs ' support .
As for the BBC , though he and David Cameron insist they 're great fans of the Corporation , he says they 'll expect it to take a much tighter grip on the purse strings , if they come to power .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
How often do you explore the projects Google has cooking in their lab ?
I do n’t very often , but I stumbled across it the other day and got caught up in testing out some of the experimental apps .
There are quite a few , but here are seven I thought were particularly interesting .
Aardvark is a social search that Google acquired earlier this year and brought into Google Labs .
It ’s a tool that lets you ask a question ( from the web , IM , email , Twitter , or iPhone ) and you ’ll get a quick , helpful response from someone in your network who ( supposedly ) has the answer within minutes .
Google Browser Size is a visualization of browser window sizes for people who visit Google so you can ensure that important parts of a page ’s user interface are visible by a wide audience .
It works best on sites with a fixed layout aligned to the left .
For more , go to Craig ’s post on the Browser Size tool .
Google Goggles is an Android app that lets users take photos of text , places , landmarks , books , business cards , artwork , and more in order to conduct a Google search right from their mobile device based on the photo .
People Hopper is a fun little app for Orkut that lets you provide two images and it will “ hop ” across millions of public images to morph your face into a friend ’s face .
Each face along the path comes from a Orkut user ’s public profile image .
You click on any of these path images and go to the profile of that person .
You need an Orkut account to try People Hopper .
Google ’s Public Data Explorer makes large datasets easy to explore visually .
You can explore the data Google provides ( population , unemployment , mortality , etc. ) and create visualizations of the data , then link to or embed them .
Google News Timeline organizes search results from news and other data sources in chronological order on a browsable , graphical timeline .
Available data sources include recent and historical news , scanned newspapers and magazines , blog posts , sports scores , and information about various types of media , like music albums and movies .
Much like a plug - in in WordPress , Related Links is way to find related pages from your site and show them in a gadget .
You can embed the gadget in your page to help your users reach other pages easily .
Currently , only invited users can use Related Links , but there ’s a demo that ’s fun to play around with .
Customers will have complete freedom to use their own homebrew Linux routers to connect their premises to the National Broadband Network instead of using a standard router from the likes of Netcomm or Netgear , internet service provider Primus revealed last week .
Most Australians with broadband connections today use specialized hardware from networking vendors .
However , a select few — often those who work in the IT industry — do use more complex and optimized setups to route traffic , usually based on open source Unix solutions such as Linux or FreeBSD running on commodity x86 hardware .
Specialised Linux distributions for the purpose also exist .
Such customised routers — which were more popular during the dial - up period — permit a greater degree of flexibility than standard broadband modems ( although the specialised modems also often run heavily cut down versions of Linux ) .
Primus general manager of Marketing and Products Andrew Sims , whose company is preparing to launch NBN services to select communities in Tasmania shortly , last week said there was “ absolutely no reason why someone could not use a Linux router or Linux box ” to connect their house to the NBN .
The reason , he said , was that the actual NBN connection into customers ’ premises — business or residential — would consist of a normal Ethernet cable .
A customer could connect a Linux server to that cable and authenticate with their ISP using the PPPoE standard – and then route the traffic around their house .
The actual optical fibre connection into the premises would end in a network termination unit ( NTU ) box on - premises ( for example , on the side of a customer ’s house ) , with the Ethernet cable being the end connection seen by customers .
In Tasmania it will be Japanese vendor NEC providing that segment of the NBN connection .
However , the executive expects most customers to simply use a standard specialised router with the NBN .
Primus ’s preference is to provide a Netcomm device to customers , but “ that may change , depending on suitability ” .
The situation will change , however , when it comes to customers connecting their telephone to the network .
Although all telephony over the NBN will be internet telephony or IP telephony — the voice packets will be converted into IP data rather than transmitted as is — the connecting telephony cable into Tasmanian customers ’ premises will actually be a standard telephone cable to allow current telephones to be used .
If customers buy an internet telephony service from their ISP — for example , Primus will be providing its Lingo service through that port and not through a standard analogue telephony adapter ( ATA ) as most ISPs currently use for internet telephony services .
“ We ’re not deploying an ATA with that , we ’re actually deploying the voice port on the NTU , ” said Sims .
He suggested that this would be an easier solution for customers than deploying a dedicated ATA solution in a router or as a stand - alone device , as customers could simply plug their existing phone into the wall the same way they do now .
“ A lot of these towns … I guess they ’re just middle Australia — they ’re not very technically savvy , ” he said .
“ We do n’t want customers to change their habits . ”
In the event of a power blackout – which will render the customers ’ internet connection inoperable – the voice connection will still work for a time , due to the battery backup being provided in the customer ’s NTU box .
However , much about how NBN services will be provided to customers still remains unclear .
For example , a number of ISPs such as iiNet are currently planning to deliver internet video services such as IPTV to customers , both over existing broadband networks ( usually ADSL ) and through the NBN .
But the fine details of those services have yet to be broadly worked out .
“ We , like many retail service providers , are still finding our feet with this , ” said Sims .
Image credit : Larry Ewing
The little maid on the fourth floor of the Miyako Hotel , in Kyoto , led me through a labyrinth of corridors , promising , " I knock you Marron . "
The " l " sound does not exist in Japanese , and by " Marron " she meant Marlon - Marlon Brando , the American actor , who was at that time in Kyoto doing location work for the motion picture version of James Michener 's novel Sayonara .
" Oh , hi , " he said .
" It 's seven , huh ? "
We 'd made a seven o'clock date for dinner ; I was nearly 20 minutes late .
" Well , take off your shoes and come on in .
I 'm just finishing up here . "
Looking after the girl as she scurried off , he cocked his hands on his hips and , grinning , declared , " They really kill me .
The kids , too .
Do n't you think they 're wonderful , do n't you love them - Japanese kids ? "
His quarters consisted of two rooms , a bath and a glassed - in sun porch .
All that he owned seemed to be out in the open .
Shirts , ready for the laundry ; socks , too ; hats and ties , flung around like the costume of a dismantled scarecrow .
And cameras , a typewriter , a tape recorder , an electric heater that performed with stifling competence .
Pieces of partly nibbled fruit .
And books , a deep - thought cascade , among which one saw Colin Wilson 's The Outsider and works on Buddhist prayer , Zen meditation , Yogi breathing and Hindu mysticism , but no fiction .
He has never , he professes , opened a novel since April 3 1924 , the day he was born , in Omaha , Nebraska .
While he may not care to read fiction , he does desire to write it .
The lacquer table was loaded with overfilled ashtrays and piled pages of his most recent creative effort , A Burst of Vermilion , a film script .
Brando had been in Japan for more than a month , yet even the film 's director , Joshua Logan , was impelled to say , " Marlon 's the most exciting person I 've met since Garbo .
A genius .
But I do n't know what he 's like .
I do n't know anything about him . "
While we were awaiting dinner , he lolled his head against a pillow on the floor , dropped his eyelids , then shut them .
When he spoke , his voice - an unemotional voice , in a way cultivated and genteel , yet surprisingly adolescent - seemed to come from sleepy distances .
" The last eight , nine years of my life have been a mess , " he said .
" Maybe the last two have been a little better .
Less rolling in the trough of the wave .
Have you ever been analysed ?
I was afraid of it at first .
Afraid it might destroy the impulses that made me creative , an artist .
A sensitive person receives 50 impressions where somebody else may only get seven .
Sensitive people are so vulnerable ; the more sensitive you are , the more certain you are to be brutalised , develop scabs .
Never evolve .
Never allow yourself to feel anything , because you always feel too much .
Analysis helps .
It helped me .
But still , the last eight , nine years I 've been pretty mixed up ... "
The voice went on , for like many persons who are intensely selfabsorbed , he is something of a monologuist .
" People around me never say anything , " he says .
" They just seem to want to hear what I have to say .
That 's why I do all the talking . "
Watching him now , I felt as if my initial encounter with him were being recreated .
It was a winter afternoon in New York , 1947 , when I attended a rehearsal of Tennessee Williams ' A Streetcar Named Desire , in which Brando was to play the role that would bring him general recognition , Stanley Kowalski .
But on the remembered afternoon , I had n't a clue to who he might be .
Arriving too early , I found the auditorium deserted and a brawny young man atop a table on the stage , solidly asleep .
Because he was wearing a white T - shirt and denim trousers , because of his gymnasium physique - the weightlifter 's arms , the Charles Atlas chest ( though an opened Basic Writings of Sigmund Freud was resting on it ) , I took him for a stagehand .
Or did until I looked closely at his face .
It was as if a stranger 's head had been attached to the brawny body .
For this face was so very untough , superimposing an almost angelic refinement and gentleness on hard - jawed good looks .
The present Brando , the one lounging on the tatami , lazily puffing filtered cigarettes as he talked and talked , was , of course , a different person .
His body was thicker ; his forehead was higher , for his hair was thinner ; he was richer .
There were other alterations .
His eyes had changed .
Now he looked at people with assurance , and with what can only be called a pitying expression , as though he dwelt in spheres of enlightenment where they , to his regret , did not .
The subtly tender character of his face had been preserved .
Or almost .
Manoeuvring a word in edgewise , I asked , " How did you break your nose ? "
" ... by which I do n't mean that I 'm always unhappy .
I remember one April I was in Sicily .
A hot day , and flowers everywhere .
I like flowers , the ones that smell .
Gardenias .
Anyway , I went off by myself .
Lay down in this field of flowers .
Went to sleep .
That made me happy .
I was happy then .
What ?
You say something ? "
" I was wondering how you broke your nose . "
He grinned , as though remembering an experience as happy as the Sicilian nap .
" In Streetcar , some of the guys backstage and me , we used to go down to the boiler room in the theatre and horse around .
One night I was mixing it up with this guy and - crack !
So I walked around to the nearest hospital .
My nose was really busted .
They had to give me an anaesthetic to set it , and put me to bed .
Not that I was sorry .
Streetcar had been running about a year and I was sick of it . "
( Recalling the incident recently , Irene Selznick , producer of the Williams play , said , " Suddenly his face was quite different .
Kind of tough .
For months I kept telling him , ' But they 've ruined your face .
You must have your nose reset . '
Luckily for him , he did n't listen to me .
Because I honestly think that broken nose made his fortune .
It gave him sex appeal .
He was too beautiful before . " )
Brando made his first trip to the coast in 1949 , to play the leading role in The Men , a picture dealing with paraplegic war veterans .
His attitude to the film business , he summed up by saying , " The only reason I 'm here is that I do n't yet have the moral courage to turn down the money . "
Sensing silence in our conversation , he dissolved it : " Still , movies do have the greatest potential .
You can say important things to a lot of people .
About discrimination and hatred and prejudice . "
Upon his Tokyo arrival , Brando informed some 60 reporters that he had contracted to do Sayonara - the tale of an American jet pilot who falls in love with a Japanese dance - hall girl - because it strikes at such prejudices .
Also because it would give him the " invaluable opportunity " of working under Joshua Logan .
But time had passed .
And now Brando said , with a snort , " I give up .
I 'm going to walk through the part , and that 's it .
Sometimes I think nobody knows the difference .
For the first few days on the set , I tried to act .
But then I made an experiment .
In this scene , I tried to do everything wrong .
Grimaced and rolled my eyes .
What did Logan say ?
' It 's wonderful !
Print it ! ' "
A phrase that often occurs in Brando 's conversation , " I only mean 40 % of what I say , " is probably applicable here .
Dinner was taking a long while .
When it arrived , I was replying to inquiries Brando had made about an acquaintance of mine , a young American disciple of Buddhism leading a contemplative , if not entirely unworldly , life inside the gates of Kyoto 's Nishi- Honganji Temple .
The notion made Brando 's face become still .
He listened with surprising attention .
My Buddhist friend often conveyed himself to the local cinemas .
He had read that Marlon Brando was in town , and longed to meet him .
Brando was little amused .
The puritan streak in him , which has some width , had been touched .
" It 's like the other day on the set , " he said .
" We were working in a temple , and one of the monks asked me for an autographed picture .
Now , what would a monk want with my autograph ? "
He stared questioningly at his scattered books , so many of which dealt with mystical subjects .
" What I 'd like to do , " he presently said , " I 'd like to talk to someone who knows about these things .
Because ... "
Just then the maid skated in balancing vast platters .
" Because , " he resumed , " I 've seriously considered - I 've very seriously thought about - throwing the whole thing up .
This business of being a successful actor .
What 's the point if it does n't evolve into anything ?
All right , you 're a success , you 're welcome everywhere .
But it does n't lead anywhere . "
He rubbed his chin with the towel , as though removing stale makeup .
" Too much success can ruin you as surely as too much failure . "
" You know , it took me a long time before I was aware that that 's what I was - a big success .
Then , when I was in Streetcar , and it had been running a couple of months , one night - dimly , dimly - I began to hear this roar .
It was like I 'd been asleep , and I woke up here sitting on a pile of candy . "
As we ate , Brando returned to renouncing his movie - star status .
He decided to compromise .
" Well , when I get back to Hollywood , what I will do , I 'll fire my secretary and move into a smaller house , " he said .
He sighed with relief , as though he 'd already cast off old encumbrances .
" But , " he frowned , " it has to have a fence .
On account of the people with pencils .
I need a fence to keep them out .
I suppose there 's nothing I can do about the telephone . "
" Telephone ? "
" It 's tapped .
Mine is . "
By whom ?
He chewed his steak , mumbled .
He seemed reluctant to say , yet certain it was so .
" When I talk to my friends , we speak French .
Or else a kind of bop lingo we made up . "
My host located a letter buried among the plates , and read it while he ate , like a gentleman perusing his breakfast newspaper .
Presently , he remarked , " From a friend of mine .
He 's making a documentary , the life of James Dean .
He wants me to do the narration .
I think I might . "
He pulled his apple pie toward him .
" Maybe not , though .
I get excited about something , but it never lasts more than seven minutes .
Seven minutes exactly .
That 's my limit . "
Finishing his pie , he gazed speculatively at my portion ; I passed it to him .
Many critics reviewing Dean 's first film , East of Eden , remarked on the well - nigh plagiaristic resemblance between his acting mannerisms and Brando's .
" He had an idée fixe about me .
Whatever I did , he did .
He used to call up . "
Brando lifted an imaginary telephone to his ear with a cunning , eavesdropper 's smile .
" I 'd listen to him talking to the answering service , asking for me .
But I never spoke up .
I never called him back .
No , when I -"
The scene was interrupted by a real telephone .
" Yeah ? " he said , picking it up .
" Speaking .
From where ?
Well , I do n't know anybody in Manila .
Tell them I 'm not here .
No , when I finally met Dean , " he said , hanging up , " it was at a party .
Where he was throwing himself around , acting the madman .
I took him aside , [ gave him ] the name of an analyst , and he went .
And at least his work improved .
Toward the end , I think he was beginning to find his own way as an actor .
But this glorifying of Dean is all wrong .
That 's why I believe the documentary could be important .
To show he was n't a hero ; show what he really was , just a lost boy trying to find himself .
That ought to be done , and I 'd like to do it - maybe as a kind of expiation for some of my own sins .
Like making The Wild One " , the strange film in which he was presented as the Führer of a tribe of fascist - like delinquents .
" But .
Who knows ?
Seven minutes is my limit . "
Brando began to weave his fingers in the air .
" Acting is such a tenuous thing , " he said .
" A fragile , shy thing that a sensitive director can help lure out of you .
Now , in movie acting , the important , the sensitive moment comes around the third take of a scene ; by then you just need a whisper from the director to crystallise it for you .
Gadge [ Elia Kazan 's nickname ] can usually do it .
He 's wonderful with actors . "
One of Brando's most memorable film scenes occurs in the Kazandirected On the Waterfront : the car - ride in which Rod Steiger , as the racketeering brother , confesses he is leading Brando into a death trap .
Could he use the episode as an example ?
" Well , let 's see . "
He puckered his eyes .
" I did n't like the way it was written .
Lot of dissension going on there .
I was fed up with the whole picture .
All the location stuff was in New Jersey , dead of winter - the cold , Christ !
And I was having problems at the time .
Woman trouble .
Let me see .
There were seven takes because Rod Steiger could n't stop crying .
He 's one of those actors that loves to cry .
We kept doing it over and over .
But I can't remember just how it crystallised itself for me .
The first time I saw Waterfront , in a projection room , I thought it was so terrible I walked out without even speaking to Gadge . "
A month earlier , a friend of Brando's had told me , " Marlon always turns against whatever he 's working on .
It seems to comfort him to be dissatisfied . "
It was 10.30 pm and below the windows , the hotel garden , with its arrangements of rock and tree , floated in the mists .
He said , " Have you been to Nara ?
Pretty interesting . "
I had , and yes , it was .
An hour 's drive from Kyoto , a postcard town set in a showplace park , the apotheosis of the Japanese genius for hypnotising nature into unnatural behaviour .
Then , as though apropos of Nara , he said , " Well , I 'd like to be married .
I want to have children . "
It was not , perhaps , the non sequitur it seemed ; the gentle safety of Nara just could suggest marriage , a family .
" You 've got to have love , " he said .
" There 's no other reason for living .
Men are no different from mice .
They 're born to perform the same function .
Procreate . " ( " Marlon , " to quote his friend Kazan , " is one of the gentlest people I 've ever known .
Possibly the gentlest . "
Kazan 's remark had meaning when one observed Brando in the company of children .
At ease , playful , appreciative , he seemed their emotional contemporary , a co-conspirator . )
He went on , " That has been my main trouble .
My inability to love anyone . "
He stood there as though hunting something - cigarettes were found ; inhaling , he slumped on the pallet bed .
" I can 't .
Love anyone .
I can't trust anyone enough to give myself to them .
But I 'm ready .
I want it .
And I may , I 'm almost on the point , I 've really got to ... "
His eyes narrowed , but his tone , far from being intense , was indifferent .
" Because - well , what else is there ? "
" Anyway , I have friends .
No .
No , I do n't , " he said , verbally shadowboxing .
" Oh , sure I do , " he decided .
" Some I do n't hold out on .
I let them know what 's happening .
You have to trust somebody .
Well , not all the way ...
Do you know how I make a friend ? "
He leaned a little toward me .
" I go about it very gently .
I circle around and around .
Then , gradually , I come nearer .
Then I reach out and touch them , ah , so gently ... "
His fingers grazed my arm .
" Then , " he said , " I draw back .
Wait awhile .
Make them wonder .
At just the right moment , I move in again .
Touch them .
Circle . "
Now his hand travelled in a rotating pattern , as though it held a rope .
" Before they realise it , they 're all entangled , involved .
I have them .
And suddenly , sometimes , I 'm all they have .
A lot of them , you see , are people who do n't fit anywhere .
But I want to help them , and they can focus on me ; I 'm the duke .
Sort of the duke of my domain . "
Brando yawned ; it had got to be a quarter past one .
" Let 's have another cigarette , " he said as I made a move to put on my coat .
" Do n't you think you should go to sleep ? "
" That just means getting up .
Most mornings , I do n't know why I do .
I can't face it .
Anyway , I may work later on . "
Outside , it had started to drizzle , so the prospect of a nightcap was pleasing .
He suddenly said , " My mother .
She broke apart like a piece of porcelain . "
Though born in Nebraska , where his father was a salesman of limestone products , Brando , the family 's third child and only son , was soon taken to live in Libertyville , Illinois .
There the Brandos settled down in a rambling house .
Milking the cow was the daily chore that belonged to Bud , as Marlon was then nicknamed .
Bud seems to have been an extroverted and competitive boy .
Rebellious , too ; rain or shine , he ran away from home every Sunday .
But he and his sisters were devotedly close to their mother .
Always , Mrs Brando had played leads in local dramatic productions , and always she had longed for a more brightly foot - lighted world .
Her son , talked out of some early clerical ambitions and rejected for military service in 1942 because of a trick knee , packed up and came to New York .
Whereupon Bud , the plump , towheaded , unhappy adolescent , exits , and the man-sized and very gifted Marlon emerges .
Brando has not forgotten Bud .
When he speaks of the boy he was , the boy seems to inhabit him .
" My mother was everything to me .
I used to come home from school ... "
He hesitated , as though waiting for me to picture him scuffling along an afternoon street .
" There would n't be anybody home .
Nothing in the icebox . "
Lantern slides : empty rooms , a kitchen .
" Then the telephone would ring .
Some bar .
' We 've got a lady down here .
You better come get her . ' "
The image leaped forward in time .
Bud is 18 , and : " I thought if she loved me enough , trusted me enough , we 'll live together and I 'll take care of her .
Once , later on , that really happened .
She left my father and came to live with me in New York , when I was in a play .
I tried so hard .
But my love was n't enough .
She could n't care enough .
She went back .
And one day " - his voice grew flatter , yet the emotional pitch ascended - " I did n't care any more .
She was there .
In a room .
Holding on to me .
And I let her fall .
Because I could n't take it any more - watch her breaking apart , like a piece of porcelain .
I stepped right over her .
I walked right out .
Since then , I 've been indifferent . "
The telephone 's racket seemed to rouse him from a daze .
He walked me to the door .
" Well , sayonara , " he mockingly bade me .
" Tell them at the desk to get you a taxi . "
Then , as I walked down the corridor , he called , " And listen !
Do n't pay too much attention to what I say .
I do n't always feel the same way . "
· Excerpted from The Duke in His Domain , by Truman Capote .
Copyright 1957 , 1965 , 1966 , 1968 , 1969 , 1971 , 1972 , 1973 by Truman Capote .
Reprinted by arrangement with the Random House Publishing Group .
Originally published in the New Yorker , November 1957 .
The people who uncovered GhostNet , an extensive cyber espionage network that targeted the Tibetan exile community , are back with a sequel .
Starting with an infected machine that was found during that investigation , an international team of researchers has uncovered a completely separate network that primarily targeted the Indian government , and turned up some classified documents that had been obtained by the hackers .
By reconstructing the network , the team was able to trace things back to the hacking community in Chengdu , China .
The work involved a collaboration between the Information Warfare Monitor and the Shadowserver Foundation , but , over the course of its work , involved dozens of other security groups and experts .
It also benefitted from extensive cooperation with the Office of His Holiness the Dalai Lama , which had previously approached the security researchers in response to security lapses that unearthed GhostNet .
The researchers take what they term a " fusion methodology , " which is basically a combination of fieldwork — studying infected systems in situ — with standard security approaches .
The investigation grew out of GhostNet in two ways .
As part of their efforts to help the Tibetan exile community secure its systems , the researchers were monitoring the network used by the OHHDL .
As part of that monitoring , they uncovered an malware - infected machine that attempted to transfer documents to a control server .
Separately , they found that most of the control servers identified through the GhostNet investigation were taken down after their report on it was released .
As the domain registrations on these servers lapsed , the researchers grabbed them for themselves , and created what 's termed a DNS sinkhole , in which requests from compromised machines were directed to one under the researchers ' control , allowing a study of the command - and - control communications .
Over time , the authors were able to trace communications back and develop a reasonable picture of a computer espionage network that was separate from , but partially overlapped with , the GhostNet .
It turns out that , just as hackers count on regular users having moments of carelessness , they suffer from the same problem , which allowed the researchers to view the complete list of infected systems four times , and obtain documents stolen by the hackers twice .
In general , machines were compromised using low - tech methods , primarily via malware that travelled as Microsoft Office or PDF files , and used relatively well - known exploits .
Once on a machine , however , the malware would communicate with a specific Yahoo Mail account , which allowed it to receive more sophisticated software via attachments , and alert the network to its identity .
The command - and - control network operated primarily through free webhosting services , many of them operating from within the US .
As these systems came and went , various social networking services — Google and Baidu blogs , Twitter , etc. — were used to supply the infected systems with a list of alternate hosts .
Fortunately for the researchers , at times when a lot of the free webhosts were taken out of action , the social networking updates revealed a core of servers that remained constant ; these were exclusively hosted within China .
The list of infected systems was pretty variable , and included US institutions like NYU and Honeywell , and at least one machine in China that the researchers think was used for testing the system .
But the majority of infected machines were associated with India .
Some of these were commercial , like the Times of India and the New Delhi rail station , but the list included Indian embassies and consulates .
The documents retrieved by the researchers include everything from information on missile systems being developed by India to a list of visas issued by Indian embassies .
That latter item may have implications for NATO 's Afghanistan mission , since many of the officials from NATO countries travel via India .
Several of these were marked classified or confidential , and some provided internal security evaluations in regions where India is dealing with armed insurgency .
Aside from the fact that the core of the network resides in China , there is some circumstantial evidence linking the network to the hacking community that exists in Chengdu .
A blog that follows Chinese hacking activity independently identified the e-mail address used to register one of the domains that turned up as part of the new espionage network .
The address turned up in several popular Chinese hacking forums , but also showed up in association with advertisements for apartment rentals in Chengdu .
Several of the command - and - control e-mails sent to the Yahoo account also originated from computers in the region .
So , does that mean the Chinese government is behind the espionage ?
Chengdu is the site of an Army technical reconnaissance bureau , which would be consistent with direct involvement .
But , it 's quite near Chongquing , a city with thriving criminal syndicates , and several of the servers were also traced to that city .
Complicating matters further , China is one of the governments that has been accused of hiring digital privateers , private citizens that engage in hacking while remaining independent of the central government .
The report notes that private citizens might engage in these activities under the expectation that the documents , once obtained , could be sold to the government , even if the government did n't authorize the intrusions .
In any case , the report 's authors mentioned that the Chinese CERT organization was cooperating with attempts to shut down the network .
In addition to providing an interesting window into the world of cyberespionage , the authors use the report to argue that the chaotic mix of private hackers and government interests highlights the need to develop some international norms that govern acceptable online behavior .
In that sense , they seem to be on the same page as the authors of the National Academies of Science report on cyberdeterrance we covered over the weekend .
As I tugged my suitcase across the foyer of the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre , I remembered the last time I visited the venue , about three years ago .
The touring Mind Body Spirit Festival — gleefully dubbed the Mind Body Wallet Festival on The Skeptic Zone podcast — is held annually in one of their large exhibition halls .
Back then I was so nervous of the sellers and psychics touting their goods , I spent the entire time pretending to text furiously on my mobile phone .
By the time I was approached by a glossy - as - a - pamphlet promoter touting the pseudoscientific claims of the “ cure for autism ”
Dore company , I was so hyped - up by the tension of being discovered as a skeptically minded tourist that I fled to the Amnesty International stand and begged them to show me the exit .
This time , however , the venue was dominated by the Global Atheist Convention .
It ’s for rationalists , atheists , secularists , humanists … and maybe skeptics ?
I was n’t quite so sure of that last one .
I ’m slightly more sure now that it ’s finished , but I ’m still ( pardon the horrid pun ) skeptical about whether skeptic groups have potentially as much impact on public perception of rationalism and the promotion of critical thinking .
This convention was to feature Australian and international presenters , with a program featuring a range of professionals — philosophers , scientists , online commentators , comedians and media representatives .
Advertising for the event included the statement “ the bigger we can make this convention , the stronger the signal it will send to Australia ’s religious and political institutions that atheism and secularism are forces to be reckoned with . ”
I think the overall response from critics prior and during the event was a fervent hope that it would n’t be so — which hardly discouraged the attitude of presenters and attendees .
As I had some research data thanks to the Australian Skeptics funding questions on the Queensland Social Service survey , I thought this would be an excellent opportunity to briefly outline some findings .
My talk would focus specifically on female beliefs and future directions on the study of paranormal belief .
This was data that Dr. Martin Bridgstock and I previously presented at Dragon * Con in Atlanta in 2009 and hoped to talk about in more detail at a future Australian Skeptics convention .
There was a panel devoted to women and atheism ( and after all , a lot of discussion online about “ Where are the female atheists ? ” ) , so it seemed to be a useful contribution .
But I was still somewhat skeptical — in a different sense .
Would I be the only person presenting a research paper ?
The only person talking directly about the appeal of pseudoscience and superstitious beliefs and how we could all fall for paranormal claims ?
Did attendees even view skepticism the same way I did ?
By the time the final program was advertised , I thought I was in excellent company .
Professor Richard Dawkins , science communicator Robyn Williams , blogger PZ Myers and social commentator Phillip Adams are all on the record as skeptically minded people .
Phillip Adams started off the conference with a distinct message about skeptical activism and his views on its success .
His talk “ The Atheist Delusion ” is replicated on ABC’s The Drum Web site :
Twenty years ago Dick Smith and I aided and abetted the creation of the Australian Skeptics , the local branch of CSICOP – the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of Claims of the Paranormal .
CSICOP deals with displaced religiosity .
Much of the loss of the market share for big brand religious beliefs was split up between the Pentecostalists with their shopping mall religions or the fast faith franchises , largely generated in California , right alongside the dream factory of Hollywood .
Two worlds that overlap to an extraordinary extent .
Far from winning , the Skeptics and CSICOP have lost ground to Millenarian and Shirley Macleanish madness .
Turn on cable or free to air telly and you ’ll see an ever increasing number of programs based on paranormal detectives while John Edward and his fellow frauds talk to the dead .
And the amount of space in newspapers given to astrology has by no means decreased .
We live in a parallel universe to these people .
The beliefs and behaviours that came from the Baptismal font in mainstream faiths have simply deformed and reformed .
Despite this sobering summation of the “ lost ground of skeptics , ” the dominant theme of his and others ’ presentations was primarily atheism , human rights , injustice , and activism .
While science and rationalism do overlap with skeptical thought , as Adams indicated , they are not one and the same .
I overheard a presenter voice distrust of all things pharmaceutical when attached to big business , displaying no knowledge of vaccination rates falling to dangerously low levels in many parts of the country .
A persistent questioner from the audience insisted that “ psychology was n’t a science ” when he took to the microphone , and more than once I heard women discuss that there was room for “ feminine intuition ” in a godless world .
During my presentation , I made a reference to the sales booths for another conference hosted in the building on muscle building and weight loss .
Only that morning I had shared an elevator with a salesperson outlining his marketing strategy to a colleague : “ Hook them in with powders and then move them onto pills . ”
How different was this from vitamin supplements and fish oils ?
After the conference I was challenged by Bangladeshi presenter Taslima Nasrin as to why Deepak Chopra ’s books were on sale at the bookstand in the foyer .
Spirituality of the New Age kind is not entirely unheard of in research done on modern day atheists , after all .
I took notes and kept track of topics I could later discuss in detail on the Token Skeptic podcast .
The few times I had a chance to talk to people around the convention , they interpreted my questions about skepticism to mean “ Are you skeptical of religious beliefs and their value to the world ? ”
Although the media reports of the convention painted the presenters as broadly condemning or virulently attacking religion , more often than not I heard wry jokes , exasperation , and angst at how freedom of speech , expression , and the curtailing of human rights was not helped or just directly hindered by religious organisations .
Bioethicist Leslie Cannold on the women ’s panel even argued that atheists should define their mission as the defense and promotion of secularism in order to be inclusive of religious believers with secular beliefs .
Having met AC Grayling during his tour of Australia , I was interested in the part of his presentation that criticized people who are funded by the Templeton Prize .
The Templeton Foundation presents money to scholars who can demonstrate “ a substantial record of achievement that highlights or exemplifies one of the various ways in which human beings express their yearning for spiritual progress . ”
I later recalled where I had first heard of the Templeton Foundation — the Skeptics Society annual conference at Caltech in 2008 .
Dr. Michael Shermer wrote at length on the level of their involvement and how they helped out with the travel expenses for the afternoon colloquium speakers on the Big Question topic .
It was certainly not an encouraging message for future skeptical - group involvement after Grayling ’s summation .
So what room was there for skeptics in this crowd ?
I ’d say that there was a significant overlap amongst the population that I knew , mostly from the unofficial online communities .
The Young Australian Skeptics , who run the podcast The Pseudo - Scientists , were involved in a variety of activities , for example .
I spotted them wearing volunteer GAC shirts when directing the crowds , and team - member Jason Ball launched the Freethought University Alliance with the help of science blogger PZ Myers .
Fans of their podcast and keen readers of science blogs met up at the coffee stand , and I spotted more than a handful of Tim Minchin tour shirts in the audience .
I even heard Minchin ’s songs along with George Hrab and They Might Be Giants tunes being played during the intermissions and to introduce speakers .
The youth element greatly enhanced the reporting of the convention on Twitter ( using the # AtheistCon tag ) .
Detailed blog entries rival the mainstream media with demonstrably more accurate accounts of the event .
I do n’t think that skeptics should rest on their laurels , as Phillip Adams concluded at the start of the convention .
Despite some differences in our views , skeptical communities cannot ignore the power of this kind of convention to capture and sustain the media ’s attention .
The news articles and opinion columns on the Global Atheist Convention Web site are still being collated and numbers well over a dozen .
Since I know that there were a significant number of skeptics in the audience who enjoyed the gathering , I hope that the overwhelming success of this weekend will better inform future events with a distinctly skeptically minded bent .
A link between a physical attribute and salary , or crime , does not necessarily mean cause and effect .
Mr. Mocan pointed out that we do not know why someone who is overweight , unattractive or short is at a disadvantage in the labor market or more likely to commit a crime .
It could be employer discrimination , customer preference or that the physical attribute may make the worker less productive .
If a job involves carrying heavy loads , for instance , brawn would be an advantage .
That is what both Howard Bodenhorn , an economist at Clemson University , and Mr. Price concluded from 19th - century prison records .
In that era increased body weight was associated with a lower risk of crime .
In the 21st century , though , in which service jobs are much more common , Mr. Price found that being overweight was linked to a higher risk of crime .
Mr. Mocan and Erdal Tekin , an economist at Georgia State University , analyzed data from a national survey of adolescent health that involved 15,000 high school students who were interviewed in 1994 , 1996 and 2002 .
They found that being unattractive in high school was correlated with a lower grade point average , more problems with teachers and suspensions .
Other studies have found that shorter students tend to participate less frequently in clubs and sports .
As a result these students may suffer a drop in self - esteem or not develop certain kinds of social skills that are useful later in life , the two economists theorized .
According to their study , both men and women who were rated unattractive ( as rated on a five - point scale ) in high school were more likely to commit — or at least more likely to be caught while committing — one of seven crimes , including burglary and selling drugs , than those rated average or attractive .
Mr. Price said anthropometric economics was based on the work of economic historians — including the Nobel Prize - winner Robert Fogel , John Komlos at the University of Munich and Richard H. Steckel at Ohio State University — who have used height and weight to assess changing social conditions .
Since biologists believe that 80 percent of height is determined by genetics and 20 percent by environmental conditions , height — and sometimes weight — can be an index of childhood nutrition , health care and exposure to disease .
Thus smaller stature may be a sign of an impoverished upbringing .
Rowan Williams 's comments on Vatican handling of sex abuse scandal likely to further cloud pope 's upcoming UK trip
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Church leaders in Ireland have condemned the archbishop of Canterbury after he said the country 's Catholic church has lost " all credibility " because of its poor handling of the scandal of paedophile priests .
Dr Rowan Williams said the child sex abuse scandal that has engulfed the Catholic church had been a " colossal trauma " for Ireland in particular .
But a Catholic archbishop and senior Anglican clergy in Ireland rebuked Williams over his comments , contending they were unhelpful and discouraging .
In an interview to be broadcast on Monday , Williams said : " I was speaking to an Irish friend recently who was saying that it 's quite difficult in some parts of Ireland to go down the street wearing a clerical collar now .
" And an institution so deeply bound into the life of a society suddenly losing all credibility – that 's not just a problem for the church , it is a problem for everybody in Ireland . "
Williams 's remarks were condemned by one of the most senior Catholics in Ireland , the archbishop of Dublin , Diarmuid Martin .
" Those working for renewal in the Catholic church in Ireland did not need this comment on this Easter weekend and do not deserve it , " he said .
The comments are also likely to fuel the controversy surrounding the pope 's visit to Britain in September , when he is expected to talk about moral standards and renew his attack on Britain 's equality laws .
A protest the pope petition posted by gay - rights campaigner Peter Tatchell on the Downing Street website , objecting to the £ 15 m cost of the visit which will be shared by the government and the Catholic church , has already attracted more than 10,000 signatories .
In his interview for BBC Radio 4's Start the Week , to be broadcast on Monday , Williams sounded less than enthused about the pope 's visit .
" The pope will be coming here to Lambeth Palace .
We 'll have the bishops together to meet him .
I 'm concerned that he has the chance to say what he wants to say in and to British society , that we welcome him as a valued partner and , you know , that 's about it . "
He also predicted that few Anglicans would take up the pope 's offer of conversion to Catholicism .
A spokesman for the Catholic church in Ireland described Williams 's remarks as " strong words " , and added : " No one denies that the church has both failed and has been damaged . "
But Martin , who has called for full accountability in the church over child abuse , rebuked Williams , arguing his comments would discourage those working to address the damage caused by the paedophile scandal .
" The unequivocal and unqualified comment in a radio interview of the archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , that the Catholic church in Ireland has ' lost all credibility ' has stunned me , " Martin said .
The comments would be " immensely disheartening " for those Catholics dealing with the child abuse problems and would " challenge their faith even further " , he said .
" I have to say that in all my years as archbishop of Dublin in difficult times I have rarely felt personally so discouraged as when I woke to hear archbishop Williams ' comments , " he added .
The Anglican archbishop of Dublin , Dr John Neill , expressed his support for Martin , describing Williams 's comments as regrettable .
He said : " I extend to archbishop Diarmuid Martin my support as he works for the proclamation of the gospel and the healing of hurt , including that of the faithful and their clergy whose ministry has been undermined by those guilty of the abuse of children . "
The Anglican bishop of Meath and Kildare , Richard Clarke , branded Williams 's remarks as hurtful and reckless .
" Whereas it is clearly true that the Roman Catholic church in this country is facing deep and serious challenges to its authority as a consequence of clerical abuse scandals , this careless and reckless use of language by archbishop Williams is extremely unfortunate .
" It is deeply hurtful to Roman Catholic clergy and laity alike , and indeed to those of other Christian traditions , that such a thoughtless remark should be made by Archbishop Williams , " he added .
" I hope that he will reflect on his comments , and I deeply regret the hurt that he has caused . "
The reputation of the Catholic church in Ireland has been severely damaged by revelations that its leaders covered up widespread child sexual abuse by dozens of paedophile priests .
Its leader , the primate of All - Ireland , Cardinal Sean Brady , came under pressure to stand down after he admitted being at a meeting where children abused by the convicted paedophile Father Brendan Smyth were forced to take a vow of silence .
The scandal has also damaged the pope , who has faced accusations that he failed to properly investigate a serial abuser in a children 's home for the deaf in Wisconsin , US , in the late 1990s .
Yesterday , the Vatican provoked further controversy after the pope 's personal preacher , Father Raniero Cantalamessa , compared criticism of the Catholic hierarchy over cleric sex abuse with persecution of Jews .
His comments drew condemnation from child abuse victims ' groups and Jewish representatives .
Yesterday on Al Jazeera English ’s “ The Riz Khan Show ” : Libertarian socialist Professor Norman Finkelstein discussed the ’08 - ’09 unlawful Gaza Massacre as a deliberate effort by Israel to “ humiliate and terrorize ” the Gazan population , its consequences for Israel on the domestic and international stage and the ‘ two - state solution ’ in light of his latest book on last year ’s offensive , This Time We Went Too Far .
He also describes why it is incorrect to call Israel ’s offensive of over a year ago , a ‘ war ’ , but a “ premeditated slaughter , a massacre ” .
He also takes live callers with questions ( 22:26 ) :
30 Mar 2010 | Al Jazeera English
The Israeli army is preparing a 1000 - page document to dissect findings by South African judge Richard Goldstone about Israel ’s war on Gaza in 2008 - 2009 .
It comes on the heels of another 500 - page counter by the Intelligence and Terrorism Information Center which has close ties to the Israel Defense Forces .
The Goldstone report concluded that both Israel and Hamas were guilty of war crimes .
But it also said Israel used disproportionate force against a civilian population , killing more than 1,400 Palestinians .
In addition to pressure over the Gaza war , Israel is also trying to resolve a recent diplomatic row with its biggest supporter , the US .
US - Israel relations were strained earlier this month after Israel announced plans to build new settlements in occupied East Jerusalem during a visit of Joe Biden , the US vice - president .
Biden accused Israel of underming the peace process .
On Tuesday ’s show we ask :
Has there been a shift in Israel ’s ties with its allies since the Gaza war and how will that affect the peace process with the Palestinians ?
Is international support for Israel dwindling since the Gaza war and is it losing the battle for global public opinion ?
We will talk to Norman Finkelstein , an American political scientist and author whose latest book This Time We Have Gone Too Far examines the fallout for Israel from the Gaza war .
NEWCASTLE
United fans resumed their adorable self - confidence last night by insisting their team was on course to win the Premier League next year without conceding a single goal .
The Magpies clinched promotion yesterday after the rest of the Championship allowed them to be promoted just to see how funny it will be when they go straight back down .
Nottingham Forest manager , Billy Davies , said : " We had a meeting last August and agreed it was worth sacrificing a promotion spot just to see the looks on their fat little faces when they lose 7 - 0 at home to Birmingham . "
But Wayne Hayes , secretary of the Newcastle United Supporter ’s Club , said : " It 's been a long hard year of not being able to make ridiculously confident predictions based on nothing .
" But that 's the price you pay when you give your heart and soul to the biggest and most successful football club that 's ever existed . "
He added : " I 've told my local tattooist to order in a big bucket of black ink so I can have ' Champions Of Europe 2011 ' etched into my stomach next week . "
Meanwhile owner Mike Ashley has thanked manager Chris Houghton for winning promotion by immediately firing him and scouting for a household name who will be utterly useless .
Ashley said : " We 're already in talks with Cheryl Cole 's people and I 've asked that actor who played Brian Clough to be her assistant . "
He added : " Wait a minute – what about Nelson Mandela ? "
Check out what 's going on ...
Joining Team 3128 !
Interested in becoming a member of CCA 's FRC robotics team ?
Sign up to get more information at bit.ly / 3128new and go visit the Members page for instructions on how to roster for the team !
Interested in becoming a member of CCA 's FRC robotics team ?
Sign up to get more information at bit.ly / 3128new and go visit the Members page for instructions on how to roster for the team !
Robotics Summer Camp
The 2020 Robotics Summer Camp is cancelled due to the current health situation .
Please check the camp website for additional information in terms of the cancellation and refunds policies .
The 2020 Robotics Summer Camp is cancelled due to the current health situation .
Please check the camp website for additional information in terms of the cancellation and refunds policies .
Support Us !
Be a part of creating an amazing STEM - based program for our students .
Every company sponsorship and parent donation enables us to engage and inspire our students to pursue their passions in science , technology , engineering , and math .
Be a part of creating an amazing STEM - based program for our students .
Every company sponsorship and parent donation enables us to engage and inspire our students to pursue their passions in science , technology , engineering , and math .
Giving Back to the Community
Our team may focus heavily on engineering , but there 's a lot more to robotics than just robots .
Check out some of the work we do to inspire others to pursue learning in STEM .
Our team may focus heavily on engineering , but there 's a lot more to robotics than just robots .
Check out some of the work we do to inspire others to pursue learning in STEM .
I remember a review back in 2007 that said something to the effect thatwas the best take yet on archaic gameplay .
It was a backhanded compliment that basically said " Yeah , this is a great game , but it ' slinear , so minus one point . " taught us that open world is good , so if open world means good , linearity means bad , right ?
Whencame out , I think people were kind of confused -- " Why do I love this game so much ?
It 's " Linear was supposed to be old hat , but look , someone did something amazing in a heavily scripted game .
Whatdid was avoid a pervasive tendency in the games industry to jump onto the next innovation bandwagon , a habit that sees game makers skimping on fleshing out existing concepts , ideas or gameplay styles that still have plenty of life left in them .
It was n't too long ago when game companies seemed to believe that in order to make an older franchise relevant , they had to make the next installment an open world game .
A lot of these open world games just ended up with a lot of empty space for you to drive , skate or run around in between doing things that were actually fun .
So it annoyed me slightly whenand , for example , got all sandbox on me instead of really focusing on expanding and improving the fun core gameplay .
Thanks a lot , But this tendency goes beyond linearity .
Look at 2D , for instance .
New 3D console technology came about and for a while it seemed like the format was on its deathbed .
Now , thanks in part to digital distribution , we can see that 2D will probably never die , but continue to evolve .
and evenare specific examples of games where the designers did n't shy away from established conventions , but actually embraced those conventions and improved or expanded upon them meaningfully .
I 'm not suggesting that game makers should slap some new paint on old crap and let me be nostalgic .
I 'm saying look at what you 've got available to you , whether it 's a gameplay mechanic , a story premise , a piece of hardware , etc. , and ask yourself honestly if the work is done there .
Most great games are n't based on brand new , ground - breaking ideas .
More typically , great games come from someone who has skillfully identified where existing ideas need improvement or further attention , and can execute on those observations .
In a blog post from a few years ago , Warren Spector said there are some innovators who are the " clean slate " guys who come up with these borderline crazy yet ingenious new game concepts that nobody has ever heard of before .
Not only can they come up with the ideas , but they 're also able execute on those ideas by creating a game that 's truly compelling .
But Spector said that he considers himself more of a " reactive " guy -- he plays existing games , gets annoyed with their shortcomings , and comes up with his own game that fixes the problems that he identifies .
( , he said , was a response to . )
I 'd argue that a really good " reactive " guy is at least as important as a really good " clean slate " guy .
I see support for the music genre declining , for instance , and I hope somebody as " reactive " as Spector gets annoyed about that and does something .
Right now , people equate the " music genre " with dots that move across the screen .
Fewer people like playing games that have dots moving across the screen , so hey , I guess people do n't want music games anymore , right ?
That seems to be the logic going around .
But someone out there will be able to take the current ideas in music games and make them appealing again .
Game creators should still absolutely take risks and pursue innovation .
After all , without someone taking that initial risk in technology or game design , we would n't have the very conventions that I 'm saying creators should continue to explore .
One can innovate in measured doses , though , and expand and improve upon existing ideas and concepts -- stand on the shoulders of giants ( there , I said it ) .
It 's not simply about appealing to gamers ' nostalgic tendencies or slapping a coat of new paint onto a tired idea .
There are just so many great ideas that have come before , it'd be a shame if the talented game makers of today did n't look at those conventions and take them to the next level .
MEMRI reports on a Sunni extremist Egyptian cleric Mazen Al - Sarsawi promoting wife beating and denouncing women ’s rights .
Mazen Al - Sarsawi has also previously attacked other branches of Islam , and has condemned all Shiite Muslims .
Egyptian Cleric Mazen Al - Sarsawi Cites 7th - Century Muslim Scholar : If Your Wife Bothers You – Beat Her with the Rod
— MEMRI reports : “ In a recent TV sermon , Egyptian cleric Mazen Al - Sarsawi extolled the virtues of corporal punishment to keep wives in check .
Using stories from the early days of Islam to support his argument , Al - Sawsawi said that when there are marital problems , ‘ the solution is to give the man a free hand to discipline his family members and to control them .
By no means can a woman be the head [ of the family ] . ' ”
— “ In the sermon , aired January 7 , 2010 on the Egyptian Islamic channel Al - Nas TV , Al - Sawsawi recounted the story of Said Ibn Al - Musayyib , a 7th - century Muslim scholar known for his piety , who married off his daughter to his student , Abu Wada ’ .
Al - Musayyib imparted to his son - in - law advice on how to deal with his new wife : ‘ If she bothers you – if something annoys you , or if you suspect anything – beat her on the spot with the rod .
Break her head . ' ”
— “ He continued with another story – that of Asmaa , the daughter of the Caliph Abu Bakr , whose husband Zubeir would tie her to his other wife by their hair and beat them both .
When Asmaa complained to her father about this unfairness , ( ‘he beat me black and blue , even though I did n’t do a thing ” ) , Abu Bakr ’s response was : ‘ Go back to Zubeir .
He is a good man , and he may become your husband in Paradise . ' ”
— “ Al - Sarsawi blamed modern media – television and the movies – for fomenting ‘ a revolution in domestic leadership , ’ such that today ‘ in many homes , the woman is the man .
She tells her husband what to do , and he says : ‘ Yes , ma’am . ' ”
He warned that handing over the leadership to women , who “ cannot drive a car , let alone head a home , or anything beyond that , ’ is destroying Muslim homes . ”
— “ Al - Sarsawi also lashed out at women ’s rights supporters , saying that they hate women and “ bring them down to sin . ”
He said that women who go out to work expect equality and want to discuss everything – with the result that the home is turned “ into a parliament . ”
“ Women ’s rights supporters in Europe and America are all swindlers , ’ he said . ”
Video Clip on MEMRI TV
========================================
Responsible for Equality And Liberty ( R.E.A.L. ) supports our unqualified , universal human rights for all people .
We urge all to Choose Love , Not Hate .
Love Wins .
The Best Part About the Print - On - Demand Future Will Be the Arbitrary Book Covers
The world of Radical Print appears to be splitting into two camps , the Electronicists and the Demanders .
Both camps shake hands around the necessary common denominator of the " internet - based text file " and then part company .
The Electronicists are those who feel that the future is marching inexorably toward electronic domination of the book , and that it is inevitable that within one generation everyone will be reading books ABOUT their computers ON their computers and nothing else .
The Electronocists are utterly certain that all information will soon exist only as beams of light that must be seen using special wraparound shades .
We will manipulate this information as if we are conducting our own invisible , silent symphonies .
These wraparound info shades will cost $ 3000 dollars and will only be available in Europe .
The only other way to get a pair will be to save the life of a noble infodandy ...... or end the life of a noble infodandy .
The Demanders , on the other hand , are utterly convinced that print - on - demand is the way things are headed and that the real future is in Fantastickal Book Machines -- machines which print and bind paperbacks for you , instantaneously , as long as you can provide the book block , cover , and metadata .
These Fantastickal Book Machines make cheap books out of nothing that only cost a few dollars .
These FBMs will be the equivalent of book juke boxes .
You will look through the FBM 's massive catalog , punch in the book you want , and print it up while you spend three silent minutes thinking about death .
Both camps are probably right , and the smart money is on some joint combination of these two competing camps .
I am personally in the " sell - your - book - as - a - dick " camp .
It is a very small camp .
We have a wagon and a goat .
The goat is pulling the wagon .
On the side of the wagon is a picture of Aquaman , and he is opening his rib cage , and his face is all in pain , and flying out of his chest are a bunch of badass flying cats .
Also , Aquaman is standing on top of a precipice and below him are all the nations of the world , which COULD BE HIS IF HE WOULD ONLY DO A DEAL .
It 's a totally strong painting that gets many gasps .
You should see it .
You would shit .
" YAH !
ONWARD GOAT !"*** THE COMING NEW FAD THAT WILL MAKE PRINT TERRIBLY , TERRIBLY COOL AGAINYou sit on a barstool , sipping a malted .
The barista you are in love with wipes down the counter , snapping her gum and looking bored .
She has a tattoo of herself as a pin-up girl on her forearm and she wears an elaborate pink bow .
Above the bar , the screen is tuned to her " Matt Held " Facebook portrait .
She always puts this on the screen when she works .
She is hilarious , sitting there under her own cruel and jaded picture .
You reach the bottom of your malted , and your straw starts to suck wind .
" Nerts , " you say .
You toss your empty cup across the room .
It spins end - over - end and lands in the trash .
You wipe your hand on your mouth .
Your iPhone rings , but you do n't answer it .
You do n't want to look " cool . "
You want to look " fucking awe - inspiring . " " You want a book ? " you say to the barista .
" Let me buy you a book . " " Aw hell , not today , " she says .
" I do n't want no book , Al . " " COME ON , Dolores , " you say .
" Let me buy you something special .
What are you reading ?
What 'd you read last ? "
" I dunno , " she says .
" The Complete Sailor & Lula novels . " " Far out ! " you say .
" Badass !
Brilliant !
So what do you want to read next ?
What gets you HOT ? " " Aw hell , " says Dolores .
" You know I 've got a boyfriend . " " Yeah , but according to your profile you are in an open relationship , " you say .
You wink and lean closer .
" I hear your boyfriend is poly . " " Come on , Al , " she says .
" Not so loud !
" " So what are you reading ?
What are you reading ?
I 'm buying ! " " You pick , " she says , smiling for the first time .
" You got taste .
Pick something out for me .
" She gives her pink bow a seductive flick as she walks over and begins cleaning the Espresso machine .
This place is gonna close soon .
You strut over to the Espresso BOOK Machine and unbutton the top two buttons on your shirt .
You crack your fingers .
" Let 's see , here , " you say .
You sift through the catalog , checking out the new releases and cruising some of the more salacious " Europop Lust " titles .
They are intriguing , but you think they will send her the wrong message .
Plus , they are always so predicatable .
Two bored ex-pats meet at a concert , commit accidental murder , and then end up re-enacting some kind of sordid historical tryst -- like " Freud and Anna O " or something .
Silly , really .
You surf over to to the literature titles and check out the new cover designs for some of your favorites .
There 's always a new " Ulysses " cover , for instance .
There are some amusing ones , but your favorites are always the ones that English teachers make their students draw and then upload to the Espresso Book Machine servers .
They are always half - assed , handmade , and so damn AUTHENTIC .
You decide not to get her a classic .
You want to surprise her with something WANTABLE .
with something no one could turn down , but that no one would punch up for themselves .
A book she wo n't just read and add to the coffee shop 's already - massive paperback library , but that she 'll want to keep .
Bingo !
You 've got it .
You saw just the thing on " reddit " this morning .
The entirety of the Philip Pullman 's " His Dark Materials " trilogy with covers that look like brown paper bags , but are decorated with fastidious ink - pen drawings that look like they have come from the hand of a sociopathic outsider artist .
She 'll fucking love that .
Anybody would fucking love that .
You swipe your credit card .
You scroll through all the possible covers you could print of the Pullman books .
There are some other pretty cool ones , including ones drawn by Pullman himself .
But you are on a mission .
You select the brown - paper - bag - psycho - covers and pay the fifteen dollars .
The Espresso Book Machine starts to whir and click .
You watch the gears turn as it prints , cuts , and binds your paperback .
You bring them over to Dolores and slap them down on the counter .
" Pullman ! " you say .
" Oh my , " she says .*** In the future , we will judge people by the book covers they pick .
Bil asked me if I would be him for a couple of days .
He 's taking a much needed break and traveling down to Austin .
Being Bil is n't an easy task .
I have to wear t- shirts every day and I have to fill your minds with interesting and important information ... such as a post featuring all the best photos of Prince Harry shirtless .
Sure thing , Bil .
Anything for you , buddy .
Lots of pictures after the jump .
Clickety to embiggen .
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
A few days ago someone contacted us asking for help to clean up their site .
They got hacked and the attacker added a bunch of spam links to it .
We fixed it for them and we decided to search for more sites that were also infected .
Our surprise : One of Walmart official web sites , www.walmartcommunity.com ( for their Community Action Network ) was one of the first results .
If you look at their source page you will see all the spam links :
Checking their site with our malware scanner we noticed that all their pages have these spam entries :
It means that the attackers probably injected the spam in one of their templates files .
After a bit of search , we found all of them inside the footer .
php :
We tried to contact them , but only got their automated response ( web site help ) , so hopefully with this post they will fix it .
They are running WordPress 2.8.4 , which is not that old , so I am assuming they got hacked via stolen FTP / SSH credentials or something like that .
As always , if you need help to recover from a malware / hacking attack or need someone to monitor your web site for these issues , visit http://sucuri.net or just send us an email at contact@sucuri.net .
Top 10 : Sportsmen Who Blew Their Second Chance
Top 10 : Sportsmen Who Blew
Their Second Chance
News of Ashley Cole 's extracurricular activities early in 2010 felt like a clear case of déjà vu .
After his adulterous hotel dalliances in 2008 nearly wrecked his marriage to Cheryl Cole , he received a stay of execution when the X Factor judge showed her forgiving side and welcomed him back home .
Ashley had been granted a second chance — surely , he would take it .
Well , not really .
With Cheryl announcing their split , it 's clear Ashley blew his second chance .
He 's not the first sportsman to fail to learn from his mistakes though , and he wo n't be the last .
Here are our Top 10 Sportsmen Who Blew Their Second Chance .
Business English is a bit like the fashion world – words , terms and phrases come into popular use only to become passé [ to fall out of fashion ] next year .
You are extra “ cool ” if you know the language and really “ out of it ” if you do n’t .
Though fashions come and go , much of the terminology will remain in use for many years – which means students of Business English and international businesspeople , NEED to be familiar with it .
Most native speakers unconsciously use jargon or slang that does n’t mean much to speakers of English as a second or foreign language , so here we offer some guidance .
Colloquial American Business Jargon Defined
With credit to Pacific Overtures – whose business English website no longer exists .
You all know Dr. Steve Brule , right ?
He offers solid advice about cleaning your driveway and eating fruit on Tim & Eric Awesome Show , Great Job !
( He bears a striking resemblance to John C. Reilly , too . )
Well , occasional guest spots on an 11 - minute show were n't enough for the good doctor , so Adult Swim gave him his own show , Check It Out With Dr. Steve Brule , which premieres May 16 .
In honor of the occasion , Dr. Brule has agreed to answer your questions — audibly .
Advertisement
You e-mailed us your questions , and we selected the best ones for Dr. Brule to answer .
For your health !
Dear dr .
Steve Brule ,
Why is it that women have long hair and men have short hair ?
Jake
Advertisement
Hi Dr. Brule -
What time of day is best for going out for a jog ?
Thanks !
Dan
Advertisement
Dear Dr. Brule ,
I need to buy some new clothes hangers and I ’m torn between getting metal or plastic .
Should I go for thrift or fashion ?
Thanks ,
Paul B .
Advertisement
Dear Dr. Brule ,
I 'm a sophmore in college and I am having trouble getting a girlfriend .
I dress nice , shower regularly , and try to be funny but nothing seems to work .
What can I do to get the girls ?
Thanks ,
Doug
Advertisement
Dear Dr. Brule ,
My feet smell , even when they are clean .
I have to throw out sneakers after like two months because they start to stink so much .
What can I do to help ?
Thanks ,
Jay
Advertisement
How can I make my website cooler ?
- Wayne
Advertisement
Dear Dr. Brule ,
As a medical professional , how do you feel about the recent health care reform bill ?
Love , Max
Advertisement
How can I tell if my pants fit right and look good ?
Shane
Advertisement
What 's your favorite color ?
Advertisement
Dear Dr. Steve Brule ,
What are your thoughts on medical marijuana ?
Advertisement
Dear Dr. Steve Brule -
Do you have any tips for shopping for a new mattress ?
I do n't want to get ripped off ( again ! ) .
Thanks ,
Danielle
Advertisement
What are some great , to - go , healthy sandwich ideas ?
Keith
Advertisement
Dear Dr. Brule ,
When I rub my eyes really hard , I can see a lot of colors .
Is this bad ?
Thanks ,
Karl
Advertisement
What was your childhood like ?
Michael
Der Hamburger Justizsenator Till Steffen hat ein Konzept zur Anpassung des Urheberrechtsgesetzes vorgestellt , mit dem Nutzungsfreiheiten ausdrücklich gewürdigt und eine neue Balance hergestellt werden soll .
Seine Partei wolle den Ausgleich zwischen den berechtigten Interessen der Kreativen , der Verwerter und der Werknutzenden " zum Programm machen " , sagte der Rechtspolitiker bei einem Pressegespräch grüner netzaffiner Politiker der Bundes - , Länder - und EU - Ebene am heutigen Freitag in Berlin .
Steffen hat dazu ein 20 - seitiges Diskussionspapier vorgelegt .
Darin heißt es gleich zu Beginn : " Das Urheberrecht steckt in einer Krise . "
Es gebe einen " grundlegenden Akzeptanzverlust bei einer ganzen Generation " .
Darauf müsse die Politik reagieren .
In der bisherigen Entwicklung des Urheberrechts sind dem Vorstoß zufolge die mit der Digitaltechnik und dem Internet neu entstandenen Nutzungserwartungen weitgehend unberücksichtigt geblieben .
Stattdessen habe die Tendenz vorgeherrscht , Mechanismen zum Schutz des Urhebers und der Verwerter weiter auszubauen .
Im Interesse der Allgemeinheit seien zwar die exklusiven Rechte der Kreativen und die darauf aufbauenden " verwandten " Schutzbestimmungen teils durch Bestimmungen etwa zur Privatkopie oder zur Zitierfreiheit etwas eingeschränkt worden .
Diese " Schranken " dürften aber nicht mehr als reine " Ausnahmen " im Sinne einer Rücknahme urheberrechtlichen Schutzes angesehen werden .
Vielmehr müssten daraus Bestimmungen werden , die von vornherein den Inhalt und Grenzen des Urheberrechts festlegten .
Mit der Initiative soll schon in den Titel des Urheberrechtsgesetzes der neue Kernbestandteil der " Nutzungsfreiheiten " mit aufgenommen werden .
Paragraphen 1 und Paragraph 11 ( Genereller Schutz für die Urheber ) müssten vorsehen , dass auch den Bedürfnissen der Werknutzenden an der Teilnahme am kulturellen und geistigen Leben Rechnung zu tragen sei .
Weiter setzt sich das Papier für eine Stärkung der Bestimmungen zur Privatkopie ein .
Ein entsprechendes
Recht soll etwa gegen Systeme zum digitalen Rechtekontrollmanagement ( DRM ) durchsetzbar werden .
Generell , betonte Steffen , wolle man den " nicht-kommerziellen Austausch " geschützter Werke über das Internet " von der Verfolgung freistellen " .
Ferner schlägt das Papier vor , den bisher " umfassenden rechtlichen Schutz für einfache Alltagsfotografien " zu reduzieren .
Es solle etwa möglich werden , für eine Online - Auktion ein digitale Hersteller - Foto zu verwenden , führte der Politiker der Hamburger Grünen Alternativen Liste aus .
Auch das " Abmahnunwesen " müsse stärker eingedämmt werden .
So solle die erste Unterlassungserklärung im privaten Bereich nicht mehr gebührenpflichtig sein .
Prinzipiell sei eine Debatte über die Länge des Urheberrechtsschutzes zu führen .
Die bisherige Dauer von 70 Jahren nach dem Tod des Künstlers hält Steffen bei vielen Werkarten nicht mehr für zeit- und sinngemäß .
Der Justizsenator unterstrich auch , dass der Gesetzgeber für eine " angemessene Vergütung der Urheber " zu sorgen habe .
Man müsse etwa auch die Entwicklungspotenziale der Kreativwirtschaft für Städte und Kommunen im Auge behalten .
Hier haben sich laut Steffen " Pauschalmodelle " wie die Abgabe fürs private Kopieren auf Geräte und Leermedien häufig als praktikabel herausgestellt .
Es werde dagegen nicht gelingen , den Werkschöpfern neue Einnahmequellen zu erschließen , " indem man einzelnen Nutzern hinterher steigt " .
Konkret bezieht sich das Papier hier auch auf die Einführung einer " flächendeckenden Pauschalabgabe " in Form der von den Grünen geförderten " Kulturflatrate " .
Denkbar sei auch ein Ansatz bei der vom Nutzer abgerufenen Datenmenge , heißt es. Dieser sei " unabhängig vom konkreten Inhalt " auszugestalten .
Fertig entwickelt sei diese Idee aber noch nicht .
Die von Zeitungs - und Zeitschriftenverlegern angestoßene Debatte über ein gesondertes " Leistungsschutzrecht " fürs Internet kommt Steffen zufolge dagegen " zum falschen Moment " .
Zunächst müsse eine grundsätzliche Balance im Urheberrecht hergestellt werden .
Wer derzeit dagegen auf die bestehenden Schutzrechte " noch obendrauf legt " , könnte eine neue Abmahnwelle hervorrufen , gegenüber der sich die gegenwärtige als " laues Lüftchen " herausstellen dürfte .
Die Vorschläge will Steffen im Juni auf der Justizministerkonferenz ins Gespräch bringen , deren Vorsitz derzeit Hamburg innehat .
Dem könnten sich konkrete Gesetzesvorschläge über den Bundesrat anschließen .
Parallel dazu wollen Steffens Kollegen wie der netzpolitische Sprecher der Grünen im Bundestag , Konstantin von Notz , und der grüne EU - Abgeordnete Jan Philipp Albrecht auf eine grundlegende Reform des Urheberrechts drängen . ( jk )
Found this ( bad quality ) video and after some research a www.time.com/time/magazine/article/0,9171,891156,00.html article from January 17 , 1955 that sheds some light on it : Transplanted HeadIn the Soviet Ogonek , Georgi Blok describes a sensational exhibit at a recent meeting of the Moscow Surgical Society .
On the platform close to the guests of honor stood a large white dog , wagging its tail .
From one side of its neck protruded the head of a small brown puppy .
As the surgeons watched , the puppy 's head bit the nearest white ear .
The white head snarled .
The two - headed dog , no freak of nature , was the latest product of Surgeon en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vladimir_Demikhov , chief of the organ - transplanting laboratory of the Soviet Academy of Medical Sciences .
Dr. Demikhov , says Blok , started in a small way by replacing the hearts of dogs with artificial blood pumps .
Next , he planted a second heart in a dog's chest , removing part of a lung to make room for it .
The extra heart continued its own rhythm , beating independently of the original heart .
After repeating this operation many times , Dr. Demikhov could keep two - hearted dogs alive for as long as 2½ months .
Sometimes the original heart stopped beating first .
Then the second heart carried the burden until it failed too .
Encouraged by his successes , Dr. Demikhov tried the reverse operation .
He removed most of the body of a small puppy and grafted the head and forelegs to the neck of an adult dog .
The big dog's heart , as Blok tells the story , pumped blood enough for both heads .
When the multiple dog regained consciousness after the operation , the puppy 's head woke up and yawned .
The big head gave it a puzzled look and tried at first to shake it off .
The puppy 's head kept its own personality .
Though handicapped by having almost no body of its own , it was as playful as any other puppy .
It growled and snarled with mock fierceness or licked the hand that caressed it .
The host - dog was bored by all this , but soon became reconciled to the unaccountable puppy that had sprouted out of its neck .
When it got thirsty , the puppy got thirsty and lapped milk eagerly .
When the laboratory grew hot , both host - dog and puppy put out their tongues and panted to cool off .
After six days of life together , both heads and the common body died .
Dr. Demikhov 's two - headed dog , Blok points out , was not a mere stunt .
It was part of a long - range attempt to learn how damaged organs can be replaced , or how their functions can be performed by mechanical substitutes .
Free advice from a lawyer
Handy advice from a lawyer who writes from his own experience , a passalong email .
Your checks
When next you order checks , have only the initials of your first name printed .
If someone takes your checkbook , they will not know if you sign your checks with just your initials or your first name , but your bank will know how you sign your checks
Never have your social security number printed on your check .
You can always add it if necessary .
have your social security number printed on your check .
You can always add it if necessary .
Put your work phone number on your checks instead of your home phone .
If you have a PO Box use that instead of your home address .
If you do not have a PO Box , use your work address .
When you are writing checks to pay on your credit card accounts , DO NOT put the complete account number on the " For " line .
Instead , just put the last four numbers .
The credit card company knows the rest of the number , and anyone who might be handling your check as it passes through all the check processing channels wo n't have access to it .
Your credit cards
Do not sign the back of your credit cards .
Instead , put " PHOTO ID REQUIRED " .
See update .
Your wallet
Place the contents of your wallet on a photocopy machine .
Do both sides of each license , credit card , etc .
You will know what you had in your wallet and all of the account numbers and phone numbers to call and cancel .
While you ’re at it , make a photocopy of your passport .
Next to each card , write down the toll free number to call if the card is stolen .
Do n’t forget the number to the Registry of Motor Vehicles
Keep the photocopy in a safe place .
Thieves work fast .
The key to stopping them –and limiting your damage - is to cancel cards quickly .
If your wallet is stolen
File a police report immediately where it was stolen .
This proves to credit providers that you were diligent and it ’s the first step toward an investigation if there is one .
Report your cards stolen and cancel them .
Believe me , you will be SO glad you made that photocopy
Call the three national credit reporting organizations to place a fraud alert on your name and social security number .
This prevents thieves from applying for credit cards in your name .
Such an alert means any company that checks your credit knows your information was stolen and they have to contact you by phone to authorize new credit .
Here are the numbers you need .
Keep this with the photocopy of your credit cards .
1. Equifax : 1-800-525-6285
2. Experian ( formerly TRW ) : 1-888-397-3742
3. Trans Union : 1-800-680-7289
4. Social Security Administration ( fraud line ) : 1-800-269-0271
UPDATE : From two commenters .
Seems as if you must sign the card as Visa merchants will not accept the card if not signed .
UPDATE 2 : If you have n't seen Zug 's hilarious credit card prank , you owe it to yourself to be one of the 30 million who have done so .
Only then are you ready to appreciate credit card prank 2
It seems as if no one ever checks the signature .
Many thanks to Mike at Info Sec News Blog
