[ Python - ideas ] Proposal : Moratorium on Python language changes
I propose a moratorium on language changes .
This would be a period of several years during which no changes to Python 's grammar or language semantics will be accepted .
The reason is that frequent changes to the language cause pain for implementors of alternate implementations ( Jython , IronPython , PyPy , and others probably already in the wings ) at little or no benefit to the average user ( who wo n't see the changes for years to come and might not be in a position to upgrade to the latest version for years after ) .
The main goal of the Python development community at this point should be to get widespread acceptance of Python 3000 .
There is tons of work to be done before we can be comfortable about Python 3.x , mostly in creating solid ports of those 3rd party libraries that must be ported to Py3 k before other libraries and applications can be ported .
( Other work related to Py3 k acceptance might be tools to help porting , tools to help maintaining multiple versions of a codebase , documentation about porting to Python 3 , and so on .
Also , work like that going on in the distutils - sig is very relevant . )
Note , the moratorium would only cover the language itself plus built - in functions , not the standard library .
Development in the standard library is valuable and much less likely to be a stumbling block for alternate language implementations .
I also want to exclude details of the CPython implementation , including the C API from being completely frozen -- for example , if someone came up with ( otherwise acceptable ) changes to get rid of the GIL I would n't object .
But the moratorium would clearly apply to proposals for anonymous blocks , " yield from " ( PEP 380 ) , changes to decorator syntax , and the like .
( I 'm sure it wo n't stop * discussion * of those proposals , and that 's not the purpose of the moratorium ; but at least it will stop worries elsewhere that such proposals might actually be * accepted * any time soon . )
-- -- Guido van Rossum ( home page : http://www.python.org/~guido/)
One pivotal point of any smartphone ’s success or failure is in the keyboard .
How does it feel ?
How accurate is your typing ?
How quickly can you type ?
How good is the layout of the keys ?
How many rows does it have ?
And the questions go on and on .
Since the purpose of a smartphone is to elevate a traditional phone to more “ computing ” power , the ability to provide quick and reliable input is central to a phone ’s needs .
A company called Crocodile Keyboards has invented a patent pending keyboard layout that they think will drastically improve typing on both software and hardware keyboards for smartphones .
The layout utilizes triangles that not only puts “ dead ” space between buttons , causing less mis-presses , it is also more compact which allows it to be implemented in a variety of ways / form factors :
The company has a homepage that is sparsely populated but they mention it is designed for touchscreens but can also be used on hardware .
Obviously it is MUCH easier for them to start on the software things since all it would take is popping an APK into Android Market and hoping for the best .
Success in the market could help manufacturers like HTC , Samsung , Motorola and others to adopt the layout .
For a price of course .
The folks at MobileCrunch have gotten word that the Crocodile Keyboard Android Application will launch on Android Market December 7th .
I can promise you I am eager to try it out and I suggest you do too .
I ’m not sure how much it will help but by the looks of it … it ca n’t hurt .
It does make me a tad dizzy when i stare at it though …
Former KGB agent and Evening Standard owner Alexander Lebedev is in exclusive talks to buy The Independent and Independent on Sunday , it was confirmed today .
Independent News & Media ( INM ) said it had struck an exclusive - but non-binding - agreement with Mr Lebedev as it holds discussions over the potential sale of the national newspapers .
The Russian oligarch already owns London 's Evening Standard after snapping up the loss - making paper in January for a nominal fee .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Shares in Dublin - listed INM raced 7 per cent higher on today 's confirmation of the talks .
But the group stressed that talks were still at an early stage and " subject to due diligence , agreement on the financial consequences of the transaction for INM , and a number of substantive contractual conditions being fully satisfied to all parties " .
" As such , there is no certainty that these discussions will lead to the finalisation of a transaction of any kind , " it added .
The exclusivity agreement with Mr Lebedev runs until February 15 .
Sale discussions are said to have been rekindled after being put on hold in the summer as INM focused on restructuring its mammoth debt pile .
It is understood that INM 's recent debt restructuring has paved the way for sale talks to restart .
The move would give Mr Lebedev his second purchase in the UK newspaper market after the Evening Standard buyout .
A deal bringing the Independent newspapers into the same fold as the Evening Standard would also be an easy logistical fit , as INM titles already share the same offices as the London paper after relocating to space with the Standard 's minority owner Associated Newspapers in Kensington , west London .
The future of the Independent and its Sunday counterpart have been widely speculated on over the past year as its Dublin - based parent has suffered losses amid an advertising slump .
Around 90 jobs have been cut at INM 's national newspapers as part of cost - cutting plans and INM has faced shareholder calls to close or offload the titles .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Mr Lebedev became the first Russian oligarch to own a British newspaper title when the Standard deal was completed .
He made his fortune mostly through stakes in banking and insurance companies and the Russian airline Aeroflot .
But he is not a newcomer to the industry , having founded the news magazine Korrespondent .
He is also the major shareholder , alongside former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev , in the independent Russian newspaper Novaya Gazeta .
Mr Lebedev has made major changes to the Standard since he took over as chairman , making the title free in October in an attempt to boost its circulation from 250,000 to more than 600,000 .
It is also abandoning its noon edition to concentrate solely on the later evening issue from January 2 .
INM reported a bottom - line pre-tax loss of 161.4 million euros ( £ 143.5 million ) last year , a deterioration of 165 per cent on 2007 .
ES5 is an ECMA standard
Congratulations !
ES5 was officially approved as an ECMA standard at the ECMA General Assembly held at Google yesterday .
The vote , with 2/3 required to pass , was 19 yes and 2 no , with IBM voting no due to the lack of decimal and Intel voting no because they did n't have enough time to study the intellectual property implications of the standard .
Fast track submission to ISO was also approved by the ECMA General Assembly .
BSD licensing of ECMA copyright - owned code like the test suite also received quite a bit of debate at the General Assembly .
The GA agreed to a postal ballot after the next Coordinating Committee meeting , assuming a proposal is made to them in time and they like it .
Waldemar
My recent exploration of Rx has gotten me thinking again about events .
Ever since I read Conal 's original Fran paper , I 've been fascinated and confused by the relationship between discrete streams of events vs. continuous behaviors .
Although they can be wrapped up in one abstraction ( signals ) , this unification leads to pragmatic if not semantic mismatches resulting from the difference between discrete and continuous .
Bling , my current language effort , provides very concise syntax for creating continuous relationships between properties ; e.g. , Matrix .
Bind = Matrix4Bl.MakeScale(.8d ) * Rotate would bind a matrix property to a rotation matrix scaled down 80 % .
The programmer does n't need to create a value converter , populate a binding object , or even express a closure .
On the other hand , the programmer has to manipulate values indirectly because they are " lifted . "
This is problematic when we need to change a property 's value discretely .
Consider updating a 3D quaternion rotation via a virtual trackball .
The idea is to take a 2D mouse position and convert it into a 3D sphere position :
var Mouse2D = sphere .
Mouse .
Position / sphere .
Size ; Mouse2D = ( Mouse2D * 2d - 1d ) ; var Mouse3D = MouseAt.AddZ(( 1d - Mouse2D.LengthSquared ) . Max ( 0d ) . Sqrt ) .
Normalize ;
Now , we want to update the Rotate property , and for efficiency reasons , we want to generate code that does this update :
var Rotation0 = this .
Temporary ( QuaternionBl.Identity ) ; var Mouse3D0 = this .
Temporary ( Double3Bl.Zero ) ; Action Begin0 = Rotation0.MkAssign( Rotation ) ; Action Begin1 = Mouse3D0.MkAssign(Mouse3D ) ; Action Update = Rotation .MkAssign( Mouse3D.AngleBetween(Mouse3D0 ) * Rotation0 ) ;
Rotation0 and Mouse3D0 are explicit temporary properties that remember the 3D mouse position and initial rotation when a rotation begins .
The update then takes the current 3D mouse position , finds its angle with the remembered 3D mouse position , and prepends that to the remembered quaternion rotation .
Finally , these actions are used in a drag state machine subscription :
DragBegin.Subscribe(( ) => { Begin0 ( ) ; Begin1 ( ) ; } ) ; DragUpdate .Subscribe (( ) => Update ( ) ) ;
This was the typical way to handle events in Bling , where a lot behavior occurs by updating and manipulating UI properties .
This solution was sub-optimal for the following reasons :
Update actions and subscriptions are separate steps .
Explicit temporaries are ugly , and we still have to create update actions and subscriptions for these temporaries .
Then I realized we could treat events themselves as indices of " time " into a lifted values , much like an integer is an index of space into an array .
So a[e ] represents the value of expression a when event e fires , in essence e is like a continuation .
This is how things work in Rx ; e.g. ,
from mouseLeftButtonDown in this .
GetMouseLeftButtonDown ( ) let rotation0 = this .
Rotate. CurrentValue let position0 = Mouse. GetPosition ( this ) ...
where " let " binds in the context of mouseLeftButtonDown event / continuation .
So I thought , that 's essentially what I 'm writing so much code to do anyways , so let 's do that in Bling .
Also , we can flip the syntax to also control assignment : a[e ] = ... would cause a value to be pushed into the a expression when e fires .
Redoing my virtual trackball example in the new syntax :
Rotate[outer.Mouse.Drag.Update ] = Mouse3D.AngleBetween(Mouse3D[outer.Mouse.Drag.Enter ] ) * Rotate[ outer.Mouse.Drag.
Enter ] ;
No temporaries , updates , or subscriptions , just an assignment : so much better !
An artifact of my approach is that events can't directly carry data payloads ; they are just points in time .
However , I 've solved this problem ( for now ) by making event data available via dynamic context .
Done before ?
Crazy language idea ?
The sculpture of Queen Nefertiti is the star attraction in a Berlin museum
German officials have ruled out returning an ancient bust of Queen Nefertiti to Egypt - saying it is too fragile to be transported .
And they have insisted that the bust was acquired legally by the Prussian state nearly a century ago .
Egypt first requested the return of the antiquity in 1930 , but successive German governments have refused .
Head of antiquities Zahi Hawass says the bust was smuggled out of Egypt by a German archaeologist in 1913 .
Mr Hawass claims the archaeologist , Ludwig Borchardt , disguised its true value by covering it in a coating of clay .
Great beauty
The 3,300 - year - old bust is the star attraction of the Egyptian collection at the Neues Museum in Berlin .
The collection 's director , Friederike Seyfried , said : " The position of the German side is clear and unambiguous - the acquisition of the bust by the Prussian state was legal . "
Queen Nefertiti is renowned as one of ancient history 's great beauties .
She was the wife of Pharaoh Akhenaton - who initiated a new religion which involved worshipping the sun .
Egypt has been aggressively campaigning for the return of ancient artefacts , and last week secured the repatriation of fragments of a 3,200 - year - old tomb from the Louvre .
Earlier this month Mr Hawass said he would drop a similar demand for the permanent return of the Rosetta Stone if the British Museum agreed to loan it .
The stone is a basalt slab dating back to 196 BC which was key to the modern deciphering of hieroglyphics .
The iPhone is the most popular cellphone in the country , and with good reason .
Despite occasionally awful choices by Apple , it still has the most — and best — applications around .
Here are the most popular free iPhone apps ( and posts ) of 2009 .
Advertisement
As with our most popular Windows downloads and Mac downloads of 2009 , this collection of applications is based solely on the popularity of the associated post here on Lifehacker .
We always prefer free applications that offer a little productivity boosting , so this is by no means a complete look at the most popular apps of the 80 billion in the App Store .
Advertisement
First , the downloads ...
In April , an industrious iPhone developer released GV Mobile to the iTunes App Store .
It was followed by other Google Voice apps , and then Apple went brain dead and removed every Google Voice application from the App Store ( along with rejecting Google 's official Voice app ) .
Annoying , to be sure , but users still willing to jailbreak can still get GV Mobile for free on Cydia .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Kindle for iPhones Puts Amazon 's Catalog on Smaller Screens Amazon knew you would pass on its Kindle 2 because you 've got an iPhone or iPod touch .
So they went Read more
Advertisement
At the beginning of the year , the beautiful Stanza ( iTunes link ) iPhone app came along and wowed us with how good ebook reading on the iPhone could be .
Then , when Kindle for iPhone ( iTunes link ) was released a few months later , it gave iPhone users a pretty good reason not to buy a Kindle .
In the end , Amazon liked Stanza so much they ended up buying it , so that 's probably the app we'd choose .
Advertisement
Advertisement
RunKeeper ( available in free and pro versions ) uses your iPhone 's GPS to do some seriously cool tracking for your running , walking , or biking routine .
Apple was extremely slow in bringing Nike + to the iPhone ( once they did , it only supported 3GS ) , and even then it does n't take advantage of the fact that the iPhone has a built in GPS and excellent mapping capabilities .
RunKeeper is an excellent alternative to people who do n't want to pay for the Nike + dongle , want advanced GPS and mapping capabilities , or do n't have an iPhone 3GS .
Still , if we could marry these two apps , we happily would .
Advertisement
We get it .
You are seriously busy , and you do n't have time to make sure you do n't walk into traffic while you 're composing that email .
Email n'
Walk overlays an email composition window on top of the view from your iPhone 's camera , so you can type out an email and watch where you 're going .
It was free when we first covered it ; now it 'll set you back a buck .
Advertisement
Dropbox is far and away our favorite file syncing tool , so we were thrilled this September when Dropbox for iPhone ( iTunes link ) finally made its way to the iPhone .
Users can access any of their synced files , view files supported by the iPhone ( including documents , photos , music , and video ) , upload photos and video to Dropbox , and save files for offline viewing .
Handy .
Five Best File Syncing Tools Click to view
If you work and play on multiple computers in the course of a week , keeping your …
Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
Lifehacker readers hate a bulging wallet , which is presumably why CardStar ( iTunes link ) resonated .
The free app replaces keychain tags and wallet - cluttering bonus / discount / rewards / " shopper 's club " cards with scanner - friendly barcodes that live on your iPhone .
Users report mixed results in the App Store , but if it does the trick in place of your rewards card , it could be worth the download .
Advertisement
Skype is far and away the most popular VoIP service , so it 's understandable that people were pretty excited when it finally made its official plunge onto the iPhone with Skype for iPhone ( iTunes link ) .
Advertisement
You spend plenty of time typing at the computer all day , so we forgive you if you 're not eager to continue pecking away at the software keyboard on your iPhone .
Dragon Dictation ( iTunes link ) does voice - to - text transcription you can copy to your clipboard and use anywhere .
Advertisement
Epicurious for iPhone ( iTunes link ) puts access to over 25,000 recipes from the likes of Gourmet and Bon Appetit at your fingertips .
When you find something you like ( I seriously love this app and would strongly recommend the simple - yet - delicious Mario Batali Basic Tomato Sauce ) , you can add it to your favorites , generate a shopping list , and get cooking .
The entirety of The Gourmet Cookbook is inside this killer kitchen supplement .
Advertisement
Advertisement
By default , the iPhone lock screen shows you the time , date , and possibly a pretty picture .
With gCalWall Lite , your home screen also displays your upcoming Google calendar appointments .
Handy .
And now , the popular iPhone - specific posts / how - tos :
Advertisement
When push notifications finally rolled out to iPhone 3.0 this year , lots of applications started using them — but not everything we wanted .
In this guide , we demonstrate how to use Growl ( for Mac and Windows ) in conjunction with Prowl ( iTunes link ) , a $ 3 iPhone app , to set up push notifications for virtually anything .
Our guide focused on Gmail push ( which was n't available at the time , and still is n't available with message previews ) , but anything that sends an alert with Growl can also work with Prowl , so your options are only limited by your creativity .
Advertisement
It 's been a feature of the iPhone forever now , but AT&T is still dragging its feet on iPhone tethering — that is , allowing users to enjoy their iPhone 's data connection on their laptops .
We 've shown you how to enable tethering on your iPhone 3G or 3GS running 3.1.2 ( the latest iPhone OS ) , and before that we helped you pull it off with the 3.0 OS .
You may not want to tempt the AT&T billing gods with flagrant use of this one ( wild fees may apply if AT&T decides they do ) , but it 's a godsend in a pinch .
Advertisement
Got a favorite iPhone app we covered ( or did n't ) in 2009 that you love ?
Let 's hear more about it in the comments .
Today I ’m going to interview somebody really special on my blog .
And that would be you .
Exactly , you , the one who ’s looking at the screen right now .
You are a very important person and it ’s an honor for me to interview you .
I prepared a list of 33 questions and I ’m really looking forward to hear your answers .
Yes , this is an interview .
With you .
Why ?
Because you ’re important , that ’s why .
1. What Do You Do For A Living ?
You may not know what you ’re really doing for a living .
You may think you have a job , but you ’re actually just selling your time .
And that comes down to selling your life .
And that means you ’re living your life by selling it .
And you may not even know that .
2. Who Do You Love ?
Is that your partner ?
Or somebody else ?
Do you love many persons at once ?
Just answer as detailed as you can to this one .
We never seem to have enough time do really think at the ones we love .
We ca n’t love someone if we forget to think about him .
3. Do You Have Enough Money ?
That ’s a very important question .
You may have less money than everyone else in your group , but still have enough .
Or you may have huge amounts of money and yet not enough to make you feel better .
How much money do you need in your life ?
4. Are You Healthy ?
You mayÂ be able to wake up every morning and go to work , but do you think at yourself as being a healthy person ?
The way you see your health has a huge impact on your reality perception .
It ’s like applying filters to what ’s happening to you .
5. Do You Think You Are a Good Person ?
Have you ever wandered what do you think about yourself from this point of view ?
Maybe we take it for granted that we are inherently good and all the other guys are wrong .
But is this really true ?
Do you really think you are a good person ?
Why ?
6. How Old Are You ?
You should n’t just open your ID and do some math .
It ’s not the number of years since you ’ve been born that matter here .
But mostly how old do you feel you are .
What ’s your perceived age .
Because , believe it or not , this is your real age .
7. Who ’s Your Best Friend ?
Do you have one ?
Is he or she still alive ?
Write his name and think at that person for a while .
Write a short description of he or she .
Where did you met first time ?
What were the circumstances ?
What makes that person your best friend , after all ?
8. What ’s Your Childhood Dream ?
Do you still remember it ?
You wanted to travel the world ?
You wanted to just have a family and raise your kids ?
Is that what you ’re doing right now ?
Has your dream become true ?
Or are you drifting away from it with every single day of your life ?
9. How Often Do You Laugh ?
Try to remember exactly how often do you laugh during a day .
Is this a difficult thing ?
Why ?
Because you laugh so often that you could n’t remember when was the last time you did n’t had a good laugh ?
Or because you simply forgot how it is to laugh ?
10 . What Makes You Smile ?
List at least 10 items .
If you ca n’t find 10 items that makes you smile , we have a problem .
Do n’t rush , take your time .
Smiling is different from laughing the same way walking in the park is different from climbing a mountain .
You ’re just enjoying the walk .
11 . Who ’s Your Most Dangerous Enemy ?
Do you have one ?
List his / her name here and a short story about how this enemy changed your life .
Friends are making us do things for them , but enemies are making us do things because of them .
Either way , they ’re shaping our life and we must know how .
12 . Where Do You Live ?
Is this really your place ?
Do you feel at home there ?
How did you end up with it , anyway ?
The story of your house is deeply blended with your own life .
Where do you feel at home is the most important place in the world for you .
What makes it home ?
13 . Do You Think You ’re Strong ?
I would be really curious to know the answer to this one .
I love strong people .
They have this power to change their life and to create incredible things .
What “ strong ” means to you ?
It ’s a question of force ?
Or endurance ?
Of speed ?
Or intelligence ?
14 . What Was The Most Important Thing You ’ve Done So Far ?
Have you really done something important ?
Something that changed your life fundamentally ?
Or something that changed somebody else ’s life fundamentally ?
Why was that important ?
Answer with first thing that pops out in your head .
15 . What Was The Most Stupid Thing You ’ve Done So Far ?
Do you consider you ’ve done stupid things in your life ?
I think everybody does but not everybody admits that .
Most of the people blame the circumstance , the karma , the others , everyone except them .
Do you have the power to accept you ’ve done a really stupid thing ?
16 . Do You Love Yourself ?
Like really , truly accepting everything about you .
Does it happen to hate yourself ?
Most people do that without even being aware .
Just answer the first thing that pops to your head , again .
Usually , this is exactly how you feel about yourself .
17 . What Do You Fear The Most ?
That might be difficult .
But also liberating .
Your biggest fear is most of the time your escape door , if you face it with enough courage .
Can you think at something that scares you really hard ?
Maybe answering to this question will really frighten you ?
18 . What Is Your Favorite Word ?
You must have one , everybody does .
It might be the one you ’re saying all day long without realizing or it might be something that really makes you feel good when you ’re telling it .
Most of the time , there ’s an unconscious link between your true self and this word .
19 . When Was The Last Time You Cried ?
Admit it .
Everybody cries .
Men , women , kids .
It might be something you ’re not very proud of , but that does n’t mean it did n’t happened .
What was so powerful that really cracked you up inside ?
Think about it and let it emerge again .
Make peace with it .
If you can .
20 . What Is The Best Thing That Could Happen To You Right Now ?
In this exact context , what ’s the only thing that could shift your entire existence if it will manifest right now ?
Many people tend to give a certain amount of money as a number , but in my experience this will only maximize the problems , not making them go away .
21 . What Is The Worst Thing That Could Happen To You Right Now ?
Again , what ’s the only thing that could negatively impact your life right now in a way that you would n’t believe it ’s possible ?
Between those two possibilities lies your entire lifespan .
How is this lifespan ?
How large is your road are you traveling now ?
22 . Picture Yourself
In 5 Years From Now
Not really a question , but definitely an interesting answer .
Can you see yourself in 5 years from now ?
How would you look ?
How would you behave ?
You would do the same things are you doing right now ?
Do n’t write a full story , a single , concentrated sentence would be enough .
23 . Do You Regret Anything ?
If yes , what exactly ?
If not , why not .
Regrets are usually strings we did n’t pull entirely from our past , leaving us tied up to a context which is not longer real .
Facing your regrets will reveal parts of yourself you thought you forgot .
Important parts of yourself .
24 . What ’s The First Thing You Do In The Morning ?
Just after you open your eyes .
Is it a thought ?
Is it a gesture ?
We all tend to create a morning routine and it seems that this routine is shaping our entire diurnal activity .
Have you ever thought what is the first thing you do in the morning ?
25 . What Are You Thinking Just Before Going To Bed ?
Similarly , before you go to bed , you do have preferred thought .
What is it ?
What makes your transition to the sleeping world without any major frictions ?
What ’s your password to the dream realm ?
What if you would lose this thought suddenly ?
26 . What Was The Highest Point You ’ve Ever Been To ?
Was it a mountain ?
Or a huge city tower ?
Whatever feels high for you should go there .
I do n’t want to know the difference from the sea level , but what exactly you experienced on the highest perceived point you ’ve ever been ?
Fear ?
Exhilaration ?
27 . If There ’s One Thing In Your Life You Want To Change Right Now , What Is It ?
Imagine you met a fairy tale and you have only one wish : you could change only one thing in your life .
What is that thing ?
How would you like to change it ?
If it was n’t this absolute power you just received , would you still wanted that thing to be changed ?
28 . What Are You Proud Of ?
What is the only thing you ’ve done that will instantly make you feel totally and undeniably proud of yourself ?
When you did that ?
What were the circumstances ?
Would you still do the same thing now ?
29 . Sum Up Your Life In One Sentence
If in the next 10 seconds your life will end , how would you describe it ?
Just one sentence for your entire life .
Can you do that ?
You only have 10 seconds , so you can consider this a speed question . 🙂
30 . Name The Thing That Annoys You The Most
Is this a mosquito humming ?
The sounds of a knife on a porcelain plate ?
Or is it people calling you in a certain way ?
Friends breaking promises ?
Being stuck in traffic ?
Try to remain calm while answering .
31 . What Is Your No 1 Question To God ?
Yes , it ’s your interview , but if you would be able to address one question to God , assuming
He will answer you , what would that question look like ?
What is the most important thing you want to know from God ?
32 . Do You Have Secrets ?
If yes , why ?
If not , are you sure ?
What is your number one reason for having and keeping secrets ?
Are you afraid of other people reactions ?
Ar you ashamed ?
Or you just love to cover things for the pleasure of re-discovering them later ?
33 . What Makes You Laugh ?
You do have something that instantly puts you in a totally laughing state , do you ?
There must be something that makes you laugh out loud .
What is it ?
When was the first time you bumped into that thing ?
Ok , I lied .
There are 34 questions :
34 . Are You Happy ?
Now , here ’s the deal .
If you blog , feel free to copy and paste this article on your blog ( with a link back to the original , of course ) and answer each question at a time .
Feel free to skip the ones you do n’t like or do n’t want to answer .
But do keep the link back so I can discover you .
I told you , you ’re important .
If you do n’t have a blog , maybe it ’s time to start one just to answer this interview .
Kidding .
Or maybe not :-) .
Anyway , if you do n’t blog , I made an ebook for you .
Do n’t worry , the ebook is completely free , no obligation .
As a matter of fact , you can download it right here , right now , absolutely free :
Just print it out and write the answers at your leisure .
Although I would n’t know your actual answers , you can leave a comment and just make me aware that you found some time in your busy schedule and completed it .
Like this , I know the interview really happened .
Oh , and if you want to offer the ebook as a freebie on your site , feel free to do it , as long as you leave the content completely intact .
So , once again : who can pick this up ?
The answer is : anyone !
You , especially .
And you still wonder why ?
Because you ’re important , that ’s why .
Thank you so much for your answers .
You may not know it now , but you really are an inspiration .
Image by Shahid Abdullah from Pixabay
We are Ellis Law Offices , the personal injury firm that has been extensively advertising in the Yellow Pages for the last 25 years , including the front cover banner , on many billboards , on multiple TV commercials , and now exclusively on WRTA exterior bus banners that all clearly display the following : our firm name , our website address , as well as our physical address on 33 Pleasant Street .
This is done to limit confusion to the public , as we do not capitalize on vagueness in hopes of capturing business from other firms .
There are many other Ellis lawyers and Ellis Law Firms in the Worcester area that are in no way affiliated with our firm .
We are Ellis Law Offices LLP , known as “ The Ellis lawyers on Pleasant Street ” .
The firm was founded by George N. Ellis Sr. in 1963 .
The sons George N. Ellis Jr. , James G. Ellis , and Nicholas G. Ellis joined the firm over 25 years ago and are the present partners of the firm .
Different Ellis law firms in Worcester , have attorneys with the same first and last name .
Please pay particular attention to the middle initials ( G ) in the partner ’s names as that is an essential factor that determines if you have hired the lawyer and law firm that you originally intended to .
Danger — wide load !
Federal aviation authorities investigated an Internet photo showing a massively fat flier ’s flab oozing hazardously into the aisle of an American Airlines plane — but said yesterday that before the flight took off , attendants decided to give the man two extra seats , apparently in line with safety rules .
Worried that the severely obese passenger would block the plane ’s aisle in an emergency , American cleared out the normal - sized guy in the adjacent seat by offering him a ticket on a later flight .
Then , the American crew assigned the fat man two more seats .
“ The passenger in this case had a whole row to himself , ” said Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Laura Brown .
The fat flier was buckled in the middle seat with a seat belt and one seat - belt extender — to have given him two extenders would have violated safety rules .
The rules allowed the man to sit with the arms of his row ’s middle seat raised up , Brown said .
“ There were no FAA rules violated , ” Brown said .
The flight took off from San Francisco .
Brown could n’t confirm its final destination or flight date — the picture surfaced a few weeks ago on the airline Web site Flightglobal.com .
American Airlines officials were mum about the incident yesterday , and it was unclear whether the fat man had to pay for the two extra seats .
Airline rules vary widely on how to handle plus - sized passengers who ca n’t fit into cramped seats .
JetBlue leaves to its crews how to deal with fat passengers ; Delta says it deals with them on a case - by - case basis .
American has said it has no hard - and - fast fat - flier rules .
Whether it ’s a safety issue is cause for debate .
Overweight and obese passengers have not factored in any commercial plane crashes , a search of the National Transportation Safety Board database shows .
And one airline source noted that children and slow - moving elderly passengers could hamper evacuations as much as an obese person .
In the last decade , several pilots and airline crews have anonymously reported to the FAA their concerns with fat passengers , and in 2003 a captain was replaced by his airline after he refused to take off with a 600 - pound paraplegic passenger he feared could n’t be safely evacuated from the plane .
Two fat people in an airline ’s emergency - exit row rendered the exit “ useless , ” reported a pilot in another anonymous FAA report that also does n’t name the airline .
“ One of the ladies was so large that she physically would n’t be able to exit the aircraft through the emergency exit , ” wrote the pilot , who was a passenger on the 2004 flight .
“ I believe this to be a safety compromise . ”
Additional reporting by Chuck Bennett and Perry Chiaramonte
bill.sanderson@nypost.com
The Republican National Committee ’s former finance chairman pleaded guilty Thursday to paying nearly $ 1 million in bribes to officials at New York State 's pension system , in exchange for a $ 250 million placement in his investment fund .
The former official , Elliott Broidy , who also resigned as chairman of Markstone Capital Partners , the private equity firm , admitted that he had paid for luxury trips to hotels in Israel and Italy for pension staffers and their relatives -- including first - class flights and a helicopter tour .
Broidy funneled the money through charities and submitted false receipts to the state comptroller 's office to cover his tracks .
The California financier , who was the GOP finance chairman in 2008 , also paid thousands of dollars toward rent and other expenses for former " Mod Squad " star Peggy Lipton , who was dating a high - ranking New York pension official at the time .
We ’ve previously covered Broidy and other developments in the pension fund scandal , which so far has led to five guilty pleas and the return of $ 100 million to the public .
The details of the investments can seem arcane , but they involve corruption of a system that 's supposed to safeguard the retirement savings of hundreds of thousands of public employees .
The New York investigation spread to California , New Mexico and Illinois .
The Securities and Exchange Commission , which is also investigating Broidy , has announced new rules that would crack down on one source of the corruption : the use of paid middlemen , called placement agents , to help firms like Broidy 's secure investment money .
Attorney General Andrew M. Cuomo of New York called Broidy 's case one of straightforward bribery .
" Broidy paid nearly a million dollars in bribes to get a quarter billion dollar investment , " he said .
" For Broidy , this was a small price to pay .
For New York taxpayers , the harm is incalculable . "
The system that allowed corruption to flourish in New York , where $ 110 billion in retirement savings are controlled by a sole trustee with no board oversight , is still in place .
The investigation into Markstone and the pension corruption continues , Cuomo said .
As for Broidy , he faces up to four years in prison on the felony charge of rewarding official misconduct .
Under his plea agreement , Broidy also must return $ 18 million in management fees he had collected from the pension fund .
Mystified by the new wonder drug LSD , the psychiatrist Louis Jolyon West and his colleague at the University of Oklahoma , Chester M Pierce , were looking for a new way to investigate the drug in 1962 .
They came up with an idea so outlandish it could only happen in the world of experimental psychology .
Male elephants are prone to bouts of madness ; LSD seems to cause a temporary form of madness ; perhaps if we combine the two , they reasoned , we could make an elephant go mad .
Their research paper about this venture is a tragicomedy of high hopes and lessons not learnt .
For only mindless optimism and blind faith can account for the events that unfolded on a hot summer day in Oklahoma City 's Lincoln Park Zoo 40 years ago .
Having established that " one of the strangest things about elephants is the phenomenon of going ' on musth ' , " a form of madness that sees the animal " run berserk for a period of about two weeks , during which time he may attack or attempt to attack anything in his path , " West and Pierce enrolled the assistance of Warren D Thomas of the local zoo .
Thomas volunteered the services of Tusko , a 3,200kg , 14 - year - old male elephant .
They were all set to establish what an elephant on acid would get up to .
One crucial point had to be decided - how much LSD would it take to make him run amok ?
Research had established that lower animals are less susceptible to the mind - altering effects of LSD than humans .
It would be a waste to have an elephant ready to go and then miss out on the unique opportunity by giving it an insufficient dose .
West and Pierce decided to go for it .
While 297mg might not sound a lot , it is enough LSD to make nearly 3,000 people experience hours of " marked mental disturbance , " to use the researchers ' phrase .
This was the record - breaking quantity of the most potent psychoactive substance in existence fired into one of Tusko's rumps with a rifle - powered dart at 8 am on August 3 .
What happened next is captured with an oddly moving economy of expression in the clinical voice of the research paper :
" His mate ( Judy , a 15 - year - old female ) approached him and appeared to attempt to support him .
He began to sway , his hindquarters buckled , and it became increasingly difficult for him to maintain himself upright .
Five minutes after the injection he trumpeted , collapsed , fell heavily on to his right side , defecated , and went into status epilepticus . "
An hour and 40 minutes later , Tusko was declared dead .
Surely a more anticlimactic moment or a greater tragedy was never recorded by scientists .
The animal they had hoped would stomp around its pen in mad fury had fallen to the ground and slowly expired in the dust .
But they drew something positive out of what in anyone else 's view would be considered an abject failure .
West and Pierce 's conclusion , a staggering feat of positive thought , sums up an era 's belief in the infallibility of science : " It appears that the elephant is highly sensitive to the effects of LSD - a finding which may prove to be valuable in elephant - control work in Africa . "
· West , LJ , Pierce , CM , Thomas , WD ( 1962 ) Lysergic Acid Diethylamide : Its effect on a Male Asiatic Elephant .
Science , 138 , 1100 - 1102
• More on the Impact of Research on the Higher Education Network
[ digg - reddit - me ] Rush Limbaugh , Dick Cheney , Glenn Beck , Sarah Palin , Charles Krauthammer , and other right wingers have begun to converge on a unified theory of Obama – a systematic critique of who he is , what he stands for , and what he is trying to do .
Part of this theory – one of the core themes being developed – is that Obama is the most far left American leader ever .
Rush Limbaugh expresses this as well as anyone – and I ’ve spliced together two clips from his interview this past Sunday with Fox News .
( Full interview here . )
Let ’s take two of these quotes out for a moment :
We ’ve never seen such radical leadership at such a high level of power …
I do n’t know of any Republican who would try to take over one sixth of the U.S. economy .
I do n’t know one Republican who would put forth this …this …irresponsible cap and trade bill .
I do n’t know one Republican who would actually do that .
To understand why this is such a bizarre thing to say you need to look at some history .
It illustrates what I mean when I call the Republican Party and the right wing – and much of our public debate as it attempts to find the middle ground between the right and left – unhinged .
Take a minute to look at the history of the policy proposals regarding the two examples Limbaugh cites – health care and cap and trade .
Health Care
The plans moving through Congress now have an historical precedent in most of their aspects in the two serious Republican attempts to reform health care after LBJ ’s introduction of Medicare and Medicaid – Richard Nixon ’s health care proposal in 1974 and the Dole - Chafee bill in 1993 .
Between the two bills , they contained a technocratic institution to reign in health care spending by looking at medical practices – similar to the IMAC that Sarah Palin called a death panel ( Richard Nixon ’s proposal ) ; an individual mandate , an extension of Medicaid eligibility ( the Dole - Chafee plan ) ; an end to insurance industry abuses – for example , banning people with preexisting conditions , subsidies or vouchers for individuals who could n’t afford health insurance to purchase it , and the creation of a standard minimum level of benefits for health insurance plans ( both plans . )
Those who developed the base model that of health care reform now – used these models as the base onto which they grafted a health insurance exchange and a public option .
They combined market forces with decentralized decision - making – the exchange on which private companies would offer health insurance – with a more top - down centralized approach – the public option which would compete with the private companies .
Clearly , though the plan is distinctly liberal , it was developed by people who have a deep appreciation for some of the central conservative critiques of government planning and New Deal / Great Society - style liberalism .
The plan is also clever politically – as a great majority of the American people , in their wisdom , see great value in having a choice between public option and a private one .
Michael F. Cannon of the libertarian Cato Institute accidentally justified the rationale behind this popular sentiment :
Any payment system creates perverse incentives … which is why we need competition between different payment systems to temper the excesses of each .
Unlike the Dole - Chafee bill which sought to undermine the current system with the hope that something else would develop , the plans working through Congress now are more conservative as they seek to preserve the status quo while introducing an alternative model that people could opt into if it works .
You wonder how far to the right the Republican Party Rush imagines is if he claims he does n’t know any Republican who would propose anything like this .
How about Mitt Romney , Bob Dole ( who incidentally endorsed a version of the bill currently moving forward ) , Richard Nixon ?
The one thing that makes this plan distinctly liberal is the public option .
Yet , if anyone believes that after dropping it , the Republicans would support a health care bill , they have n’t been paying attention .
( For more on the similarities on health care , see this post from yesterday . )
Cap and Trade
On climate change , the story is even more dramatic .
Cap and trade started out as a hair - brained scheme to solve the problem of acid rain thought up by a Reagan administration lawyer , C. Boyden Gray .
Environmentalists and liberals hated the idea .
They saw it as a license to pollute , a “ morally bankrupt ” “ license to kill , ” or more reasonably as a “ scheme for polluters to buy their way our of fixing the problem . ”
They preferred the more “ command - and - control ” approach of top - down regulation .
Regulators resisted the idea – as it forced them to surrender “ regulatory power to the marketplace . ”
Industry opposed it , claiming it “ was going to shut the economy down . ”
But George H. W. Bush thought that free market principles could realign the incentives to fix this problem – and he wanted to placate the Canadians who were bearing the brunt of the acid rain .
So he pushed through a cap and trade scheme to eliminate acid rain over these strong objections .
It beat all expectations .
Eventually environmentalists came around and industry continued to thrive .
This Republican success on solving a major environmental issue without top - down regulation made cap and trade a popular , bipartisan idea .
Eventually , Bill Clinton saw it as a way to tackle global warming .
But as a significant minority of Republicans continued to question whether or not global warming was real and whether or not it was man-made ( along with every other scientifically moot question that industries raised ) any possible deal was postponed .
Still , as late as 2008 , the Senate had strong bipartisan support for a cap and trade program – with Joe Lieberman and John McCain taking the lead .
Now McCain is a major opponent of the cap and trade legislation , complaining about the lack of support for nuclear reactors in the bill as a reason to oppose it .
This when as late as a year ago , he reiterated his statements of the past eight years in saying that global warming demanded “ urgent attention ” – that we must “ act quickly ” to “ dramatically reduce our carbon emissions ” with a “ cap - and - trade ” program .
As I said regarding health care , if anyone thinks that McCain will come around to support this legislation that is so similar to what he supported as essential a year ago if the Democrats just tossed some more money into nuclear energy , then you have n’t been paying attention .
McCain will likely start calling it a “ power grab ” and a “ government takeover ” of the world , echoing Cheney and Krauthammer by the time the bill is up for a vote .
Conclusion
In both cases , Republicans proposed ideas based on core conservative principles – on a respect for the free market , on avoiding rapid change , on avoiding top - down regulation .
And now Democrats led by Barack Obama have taken up these proposals – amending them somewhat to take into account liberal ideas such as a distrust of large corporations and a concern for community goods – hoping to pass bipartisan legislation .
What they are met with instead is screams of “ Socialism ! ” and “ Government takeover ! ” and “ Unprecedented ! ” “ Attacks on liberty ! ” and “ Why do you hate America ? ”
Like Loading ...
The words on the monument speak for themselves
Treachery Commemorated
After posting this , I received the following Email from a descendent of Standish : May 31 , 2008 Dear Dr. Paul :
Thank you for posting that article about the Real Thanksgiving , and the role of Myles Standish in early Plymouth .
I am a descendent of Standish and it has been my goal to understand him and the events concerning him in a deeper way .
I want to know ALL the history .
Ive read the WASP approved version and its good to see the other versions coming to light .
I work very closely with my ancestors and live my life to redeem their blood .
A better knowing of the results of their actions helps in two ways ; it clears the propaganda and glamour from my eyes and it inspires me to be a better person in my daily decisions and living .
It also teaches me history .
Which I wasnt very good at in high school .
Now it has a whole new meaning as I think about my ancestors living in those times and places .
My nieces and nephews will learn the truth from me .
And their children too .
For what its worth , I apologise for my grandfathers actions .
Indeed all my ancestors .
Respectfully and sincerely , Clarence Standish , IV ********************
Please click to read about : American Indian Genocide ********************
The Real Thanksgiving Quoted from : The Hidden History of Massachusetts Much of America 's understanding of the early relationship between the Indian and the European is conveyed through the story of Thanksgiving .
Proclaimed a holiday in 1863 by Abraham Lincoln , this fairy tale of a feast was allowed to exist in the American imagination pretty much untouched until 1970 , the 350th anniversary of the landing of the Pilgrims .
That is when Frank B. James , president of the Federated Eastern Indian League , prepared a speech for a Plymouth banquet that exposed the Pilgrims for having committed , among other crimes , the robbery of the graves of the Wampanoags .
He wrote : " We welcomed you , the white man , with open arms , little knowing that it was the beginning of the end ; that before 50 years were to pass , the Wampanoag would no longer be a free people . "
But white Massachusetts officials told him he could not deliver such a speech and offered to write him another .
Instead , James declined to speak , and on Thanksgiving Day hundreds of Indians from around the country came to protest .
It was the first National Day of Mourning , a day to mark the losses Native Americans suffered as the early settlers prospered .
This true story of " Thanksgiving " is what whites did not want Mr. James to tell .
What Really Happened in Plymouth in 1621 ?
According to a single - paragraph account in the writings of one Pilgrim , a harvest feast did take place in Plymouth in 1621 , probably in mid-October , but the Indians who attended were not even invited .
Though it later became known as " Thanksgiving , " the Pilgrims never called it that .
And amidst the imagery of a picnic of interracial harmony is some of the most terrifying bloodshed in New World history .
The Pilgrim crop had failed miserably that year , but the agricultural expertise of the Indians had produced twenty acres of corn , without which the Pilgrims would have surely perished .
The Indians often brought food to the Pilgrims , who came from England ridiculously unprepared to survive and hence relied almost exclusively on handouts from the overly generous Indians - thus making the Pilgrims the western hemisphere 's first class of welfare recipients .
The Pilgrims invited the Indian sachem Massasoit to their feast , and it was Massasoit , engaging in the tribal tradition of equal sharing , who then invited ninety or more of his Indian brothers and sisters - to the annoyance of the 50 or so ungrateful Europeans .
No turkey , cranberry sauce or pumpkin pie was served ; they likely ate duck or geese and the venison from the 5 deer brought by Massasoit .
In fact , most , if notall , of the food was most likely brought and prepared by the Indians , whose 10,000 - year familiarity with the cuisine of the region had kept the whites alive up to that point .
The Pilgrims wore no black hats or buckled shoes - these were the silly inventions of artists hundreds of years since that time .
These lower - class Englishmen wore brightly colored clothing , with one of their church leaders recording among his possessions " 1 paire of greene drawers . "
Contrary to the fabricated lore of storytellers generations since , no Pilgrims prayed at the meal , and the supposed good cheer and fellowship must have dissipated quickly once the Pilgrims brandished their weaponry in a primitive display of intimidation .
What 's more , the Pilgrims consumed a good deal of home brew .
In fact , each Pilgrim drank at least a half gallon of beer a day , which they preferred even to water .
This daily inebriation led their governor , William Bradford , to comment on his people 's " notorious sin , " which included their " drunkenness and uncleanliness " and rampant " sodomy " ...
The Pilgrims of Plymouth , The Original Scalpers Contrary to popular mythology the Pilgrims were no friends to the local Indians .
They were engaged in a ruthless war of extermination against their hosts , even as they falsely posed as friends .
Just days before the alleged Thanksgiving love - fest , a company of Pilgrims led by Myles Standish actively sought to chop off the head of a local chief .
They deliberately caused a rivalry between two friendly Indians , pitting one against the other in an attempt to obtain " better intelligence and make them both more diligent . "
An 11 - foot - high wall was erected around the entire settlement for the purpose of keeping the Indians out .
Any Indian who came within the vicinity of the Pilgrim settlement was subject to robbery , enslavement , or even murder .
The Pilgrims further advertised their evil intentions and white racial hostility , when they mounted five cannons on a hill around their settlement , constructed a platform for artillery , and then organized their soldiers into four companies - all in preparation for the military destruction of their friends the Indians .
Pilgrim Myles Standish eventually got his bloody prize .
He went to the Indians , pretended to be a trader , then beheaded an Indian man named Wituwamat .
He brought the head to Plymouth , where it was displayed on a wooden spike for many years , according to Gary B. Nash , " as a symbol of white power . "
Standish had the Indian man 's young brother hanged from the rafters for good measure .
From that time on , the whites were known to the Indians of Massachusetts by the name " Wotowquenange , " which in their tongue meant cutthroats and stabbers .
Who Were the " Savages " ?
The myth of the fierce , ruthless Indian savage lusting after the blood of innocent Europeans must be vigorously dispelled at this point .
In actuality , the historical record shows that the very opposite was true .
Once the European settlements stabilized , the whites turned on their hosts in a brutal way .
The once amicable relationship was breeched again and again by the whites , who lusted over the riches of Indian land .
A combination of the Pilgrims ' demonization of the Indians , the concocted mythology of Eurocentric historians , and standard Hollywood propaganda has served to paint the gentle Indian as a tomahawk - swinging savage endlessly on the warpath , lusting for the blood of the God - fearing whites .
But the Pilgrims ' own testimony obliterates that fallacy .
The Indians engaged each other in military contests from time to time , but the causes of " war , " the methods , and the resulting damage differed profoundly from the European variety : o Indian " wars " were largely symbolic and were about honor , not about territory or extermination .
o " Wars " were fought as domestic correction for a specific act and were ended when correction was achieved .
Such action might better be described as internal policing .
The conquest or destruction of whole territories was a European concept .
o Indian " wars " were often engaged in by family groups , not by whole tribal groups , and would involve only the family members .
o
A lengthy negotiation was engaged in between the aggrieved parties before escalation to physical confrontation would be sanctioned .
Surprise attacks were unknown to the Indians .
o
It was regarded as evidence of bravery for a man to go into " battle " carrying no weapon that would do any harm at a distance - not even bows and arrows .
The bravest act in war in some Indian cultures was to touch their adversary and escape before he could do physical harm .
o
The targeting of non-combatants like women , children , and the elderly was never contemplated .
Indians expressed shock and repugnance when the Europeans told , and then showed , them that they considered women and children fair game in their style of warfare .
o A major Indian " war " might end with less than a dozen casualties on both sides .
Often , when the arrows had been expended the " war " would be halted .
The European practice of wiping out whole nations in bloody massacres was incomprehensible to the Indian .
According to one scholar , " The most notable feature of Indian warfare was its relative innocuity . "
European observers of Indian wars often expressed surprise at how little harm they actually inflicted .
" Their wars are far less bloody and devouring than the cruel wars of Europe , " commented settler Roger Williams in 1643 .
Even Puritan warmonger and professional soldier Capt .
John Mason scoffed at Indian warfare : " [ Their ] feeble manner ... did hardly deserve the name of fighting . "
Fellow warmonger John Underhill spoke of the Narragansetts , after having spent a day " burning and spoiling " their country : " no Indians would come near us , but run from us , as the deer from the dogs . "
He concluded that the Indians might fight seven years and not kill seven men .
Their fighting style , he wrote , " is more for pastime , than to conquer and subdue enemies . "
All this describes a people for whom war is a deeply regrettable last resort .
An agrarian people , the American Indians had devised a civilization that provided dozens of options all designed to avoid conflict -- the very opposite of Europeans , for whom all - out war , a ferocious bloodlust , and systematic genocide are their apparent life force .
Thomas Jefferson -- who himself advocated the physical extermination of the American Indian -- said of Europe , " They [ Europeans ] are nations of eternal war .
All their energies are expended in the destruction of labor , property and lives of their people . "
Puritan Holocaust
By the mid 1630s , a new group of 700 even holier Europeans calling themselves Puritans had arrived on 11 ships and settled in Boston - which only served to accelerate the brutality against the Indians .
In one incident around 1637 , a force of whites trapped some seven hundred Pequot Indians , mostly women , children , and the elderly , near the mouth of the Mystic River .
Englishman John Mason attacked the Indian camp with " fire , sword , blunderbuss , and tomahawk . "
Only a handful escaped and few prisoners were taken - to the apparent delight of the Europeans :
To see them frying in the fire , and the streams of their blood quenching the same , and the stench was horrible ; but the victory seemed a sweet sacrifice , and they gave praise thereof to God .
This event marked the first actual Thanksgiving .
In just 10 years 12,000 whites had invaded New England , and as their numbers grew they pressed for all - out extermination of the Indian .
Euro - diseases had reduced the population of the Massachusett nation from over 24,000 to less than 750 ; meanwhile , the number of European settlers in Massachusetts rose to more than 20,000 by 1646 .
By 1675 , the Massachusetts Englishmen were in a full - scale war with the great Indian chief of the Wampanoags , Metacomet .
Renamed " King Philip " by the white man , Metacomet watched the steady erosion of the lifestyle and culture of his people as European - imposed laws and values engulfed them .
In 1671 , the white man had ordered Metacomet to come to Plymouth to enforce upon him a new treaty , which included the humiliating rule that he could no longer sell his own land without prior approval from whites .
They also demanded that he turn in his community 's firearms .
Marked for extermination by the merciless power of a distant king and his ruthless subjects , Metacomet retaliated in 1675 with raids on several isolated frontier towns .
Eventually , the Indians attacked 52 of the 90 New England towns , destroying 13 of them .
The Englishmen ultimately regrouped , and after much bloodletting defeated the great Indian nation , just half a century after their arrival on Massachusetts soil .
Historian Douglas Edward Leach describes the bitter end :
The ruthless executions , the cruel sentences ... were all aimed at the same goal - unchallengeable white supremacy in southern New England .
That the program succeeded is convincingly demonstrated by the almost complete docility of the local native ever since .
When Captain Benjamin Church tracked down and murdered Metacomet in 1676 , his body was quartered and parts were " left for the wolves . "
The great Indian chief 's hands were cut off and sent to Boston and his head went to Plymouth , where it was set upon a pole on the real first " day of public Thanksgiving for the beginning of revenge upon the enemy . "
Metacomet 's nine - year - old son was destined for execution because , the whites reasoned , the offspring of the devil must pay for the sins of their father .
The child was instead shipped to the Caribbean to spend his life in slavery .
As the Holocaust continued , several official Thanksgiving Days were proclaimed .
Governor Joseph Dudley declared in 1704 a " General Thanksgiving " - not in celebration of the brotherhood of man-but for [ God 's ] infinite Goodness to extend His Favors ...
In defeating and disappointing ... the Expeditions of the Enemy [ Indians ] against us , And the good Success given us against them , by delivering so many of them into our hands ...
Just two years later one could reap a £ £ 50 reward in Massachusetts for the scalp of an Indian - demonstrating that the practice of scalping was a European tradition .
According to one scholar , " Hunting redskins became ... a popular sport in New England , especially since prisoners were worth good money ... "
References in The Hidden History of Massachusetts : A Guide for Black Folks ©© DR. TINGBA APIDTA , ; ISBN 0-9714462-0-2
For purchase details Email A. Muhammad " mghemlf@att.net " ********************
During March 1623 Myles Standish lured two Chiefs to a meeting then murdered them .
The picture of the monument , erected by the Weymouth Historical Commission , depicts how the town of Weymouth , Mass , takes pride in his barbaric deed .
What Hellish Pride and Prejudice
What in hell is a hearth built on blood of a brothers harvest you absconded , along with a curve of land kissed by ocean for first people given this fine land , who were sickened on your flu - filled flannel gifts until they were too weak to wise on to your malicious plans ?
You merchant - adventurers of Weymouth , mount your monument of treason against corn-fed Wessagusset , as you celebrate 300 years of your encroachment on eternitys placement of a people who had heroes like Pecksuot who , even thirty years ago , still , is said , tucked a child into her covers at Bricknell house so she did not have to see your scurrilous skirmishes .
You promote your pestilent importance on this land , as if you thought you would be allowed to stay forever .
You hold a fatal flaw in this grasp to make it seem you made something worthy .
What is worthier than Wampanoag in first light , who had their blood spilled by you , on the very ground you grind against ?
Listen , they speak , and trace truthful steps through and around this place you think you own :
Such pride and prejudice in this piece of cement that will not outlast us , the true people of the East , or sun that burns red on mornings it remembers .
Carol Desjarlais *******************
New York Times November 25 , 2004 Banned in Boston : American Indians , but Only for 329 Years By KATIE ZEZIMA BOSTON , Nov. 24 - It is a prejudicial , archaic concept that prohibited Native Americans from entering a city for fear members of their " barbarous crew " would cause residents to be " exposed to mischief . "
But it is more than notions and phrases in Boston .
A ban on Indians entering Boston has been the law since 1675 .
Mayor Thomas M. Menino took a step toward repealing the ban on Wednesday , filing a home rule petition .
Mr. Menino said a repeal would remove the last vestiges of discrimination from a vibrant , diverse city that is looking past old racial conflicts .
" This law has no place in Boston , " Mr. Menino said .
" Fortunately this act is no longer enforced .
But as long as it remains on the books , this law will tarnish our image .
Hatred and discrimination have no place in Boston .
Tolerance , equality and respect - these are the attributes of our city . "
Joanne Dunn , executive director of the Boston Native American Center , said she laughed a bit as she drove into Boston on Wednesday , realizing that she was , technically , breaking the law ( being without benefit of the " two musketeers " required to escort American Indians with business in the city ) .
" For us indigenous people it brings some closure , " Ms. Dunn said .
" You come into the City of Boston and it crosses your mind that you 're not welcome here . "
The Boston City Council , which in April 2003 unanimously passed a resolution calling for repeal , must now approve the petition to remove the ban .
The repeal must then pass the legislature and be signed by Gov. Mitt Romney .
A spokeswoman for Robert E. Travaglini , the president of the State Senate , said Mr. Travaglini had not seen the petition and would allow the City Council to act before considering action .
A spokeswoman for Mr. Romney , a Republican , said he had not seen the petition either and would be " happy to take a look at it " when it crossed his desk .
Felix Arroyo , a city councilman , said he expected the measure to pass unanimously at a council meeting on Dec. 1 . " I think all of us will look forward to voting yes on this , " Mr. Arroyo said .
The Massachusetts General Court enacted the law , called the Indian Imprisonment Act , in 1675 .
The legislation came at the height of King Philip 's War , a conflict between the Wampanoag tribe , led by Metacom , known as Philip , and settlers near Plymouth , Mass .
The war began in 1675 with a raid on the town of Swansea and spread across Massachusetts , spilling north to New Hampshire and south to Connecticut .
The war , one of the bloodiest on American soil , ended the next year .
The law rolled over when the state 's Constitution was enacted in 1780 and has lingered for centuries , with no one taking the steps to repeal it .
The Muhheconnew National Confederacy , a lobbying group based in Falmouth , Mass. , started pushing for repeal in 1996 after working with the city to protect Indian burial grounds on the Boston Harbor islands .
The group petitioned the legislature , then the city , and received the necessary resolution last year .
It renewed the push in July , before the Democratic National Convention .
" It means a great thing , " said Sam Sapiel , 73 , a member of the Penobscot Nation of Maine who lives in Falmouth and worked with the Muhheconnew Confederacy on the repeal .
" It 's what we 've been striving for . "
It was little coincidence that Mr. Menino signed the petition the day before Thanksgiving .
The podium at the news conference was decorated with a splash of crimson chrysanthemums , and the desk Mr. Menino used to sign the petition was festooned with a pumpkin and other gourds .
An Indian leader also invoked the holiday .
" Being so close to Thanksgiving , this is a good day for native people , " said Beverly Wright , a member of the Wampanoag tribe of Martha 's Vineyard , the state 's only federally recognized tribe .
" It 's been on the books for a long time . "
Ms. Wright believes there might be other , similarly discriminatory laws .
Mr. Menino said he would look into the possibility of repealing them .
Please click to read about The Doctrine of Discovery : http://www.danielnpaul.com/DoctrineOfDiscovery.html
Please click to read about Christopher Columbus : http://www.danielnpaul.com/ChristopherColumbus.html
Quoted from a 2010 Interview : Alex Doherty :
You have claimed that a close parallel to the conquest of America is the Nazi invasion of Eastern Europe .
To many that will seem an outlandish and even an offensive comparison - can you explain why you think it is apt comparison ?
Im not comparing the events but rather the reaction to them .
Heres my argument I have made : Imagine that Germany had won World War II and that a Nazi regime endured for some decades , eventually giving way to a more liberal state with a softer version of German - supremacist ideology .
Imagine that a century later , Germans celebrated a holiday based on a sanitized version of German / Jewish history that ignored that holocaust and the deep anti-Semitism of the culture .
Would we not question the distortions woven into such a celebration and denounce such a holiday as grotesque ?
Now , imagine that left / liberal Germans -- those who were critical of the power structure that created that distorted history and who in other settings would challenge the political uses of those distortions -- put aside their critique and celebrated the holiday with their fellow citizens , claiming that they could change the meaning of the holiday in private .
Would we not question that claim ?
Comparisons to the Nazis are routinely overused and typically hyperbolic , but this is directly analogous .
When I offer this critique in left / liberal circles , some people acknowledge that the argument is valid but make it clear they will continue to celebrate Thanksgiving .
Others get angry and accuse me of posturing .
It s not posturing , but rather a struggle to understand how to live in a culture that cannot tell the truth .
Robert Jensen is a professor in the School of Journalism at the University of Texas at Austin and a board member of the Third Coast Activist Resource Center .
New Left Projects Alex Doherty talked to him about Thanksgiving , the murder of indigenous people and the theft of their land by European colonialists .
********************
Thanksgiving . . .
But Who to Thank ? by William Loren Katz November 12 , 2010 Thanksgiving remains the most treasured holiday in the United States , honored by Presidents since the Civil War when Abraham Lincoln used to stir northern patriotism .
Thanksgiving has often served political ends .
In 2003 President George Bush flew to Baghdad , Iraq to celebrate Thanksgiving Day with U.S. troops .
He brought a host of media photographers to capture him carrying a glazed turkey to the troops .
He flew home in three hours , and soon after TV brought his act of courage and generosity to Americans .
But the turkey he carried to the soldiers in Baghdad was never eaten .
It was cardboard , a stage prop . . .
Thanksgiving as a photo - op .
Baghdad in 2003 had a lot in common with the origin of Thanksgiving .
In 1620 149 English Pilgrims aboard the Mayflower landed at Plymouth and survived their first New England winter because Wampanoag people brought them corn , meat and other gifts .
Then in 1621 Governor William Bradford of Plymouth proclaimed a day of Thanksgiving - but not for the Wampanoag saviors but his Pilgrims .
His Christian settlers had staved off hunger through their courage , resourcefulness , and devotion to God , that was his spin .
To this day most politicians , ministers and educators describe this First Thanksgiving as the Governor did .
Bradford 's fable is an early example of " Eurothink "  another example is " Columbus discovered America " -- an arrogant lie that casts European conquest as progress .
European settlers saw Native Americans -- who were neither Christian nor white -- as undeserving .
The heroic European scenario of school texts rarely has room for others .
Bradford claims Native Americans were invited to the dinner .
Really ?
Since Pilgrims classified their dark neighbors as " infidels " and inferiors , if invited at all , they would be asked to provide and serve and not share the food .
English military power pushed westward after 1621 .
In 1637 Governor Bradford , without provocation , dispatched his militia against their Pequot neighbors .
As devout Christians locked in mortal combat with heathens , Pilgrim soldiers assaulted a village of sleeping men , women and children .
Bradford rejoiced : " It was a fearful sight to see them frying in the fire and the streams of blood quenching the same and horrible was the stink and stench thereof .
But the victory seemed a sweet sacrifice and they [ the militiamen ] gave praise thereof to God . "
Years later Pilgrim Reverend Increase Mather asked his congregation to give thanks to God " that on this day we have sent six hundred heathen souls to hell . "
School texts still honor Bradford .
The 1993 edition of the authoritative Columbia Encyclopedia [ P. 351 ] states of Bradford , " He maintained friendly relations with the Native Americans . "
The scholarly Dictionary of American History [ P. 77 ] said , " He was a firm , determined man and an excellent leader ; kept relations with the Indians on friendly terms ; tolerant toward newcomers and new religions . . . . "
The Mayflower , renamed the Meijbloom ( Dutch for Mayflower ) , continued to make history .
It became one of the first ships to carry enslaved Africans to the Americas .
Currently Thanksgiving celebrates not justice or equality but aggression and enslavement .
It affirms racial beliefs that led to the world 's worst genocide -- the wanton destruction of tens of millions and ancient cultures .
It 's time for a different American Thanksgiving .
I suggest one that honors the American continent 's freedom - fighting tradition that ended European colonial rule .
This began a century before the Mayflower landed , and it leading figures were enslaved Africans and Native Americans who fled their chains .
Thousands united in " maroons " settlements creating an alternative society to colonial tyranny and slavery .
As early as 1605 red and black men , women and children had formed the Republic of Palmares , a great three - walled city in northeastern Brazil and it grew to 11,000 people .
To survive it fought off dozens of Dutch and Portuguese armies , and lasted until 1694 .
The freedom - fighters of Palmares left no written record .
But their ideas of liberty , equality and justice surfaced again on July 4 , 1776 .
William Loren Katz is the author of forty U.S. history books .
This essay is adopted from his Black Indians : A Hidden Heritage .
His website is http://www.williamlkatz.com
Click to read about American Indian Genocide
However , a federal appeals court ruled last year that while the Bible should not have been allowed into the deliberation room at Oliver 's trial , there was no clear evidence to indicate they had influenced the jurors ' decision .
In April this year , the US Supreme Court refused to hear Oliver 's appeal .
A Marin County supermarket clerk who urinated on herself at the checkout counter after her supervisor refused to let her take a bathroom break is entitled to a $ 200,000 damage award , a state appeals court has ruled .
The woman , identified only as A.M. , had returned to work at an Albertson 's Inc. store in Fairfax in 2004 after undergoing cancer treatment that left her mouth dry and required her to drink water constantly .
The store told her to let the managers know when she needed a bathroom break and they would cover for her .
The arrangement worked for more than a year .
Then in February 2005 , a new supervisor who had never worked with A.M. was on duty one night and turned down three of her requests for a break , saying the supervisor was busy .
After the supervisor hung up the in - store phone , A.M. urinated while standing at the check stand .
She cleaned herself in the bathroom and drove home in tears , contemplating suicide , the court said .
Emotionally fragile from her childhood in war - torn El Salvador , her cancer and past experiences as a crime victim , she left her job soon afterward and was committed to a psychiatric hospital for several days , the court said .
She returned to work in August 2005 .
A Marin County Superior Court jury found in June 2008 that Albertson 's had failed to provide a reasonable accommodation for A.M. 's disability and awarded her $ 12,000 for lost wages , $ 40,000 for medical expenses and $ 148,000 for emotional distress .
Albertson 's appealed the verdict , arguing that it had accommodated A.M. for more than a year and that she should have told the supervisor about her medical condition or simply gone to the bathroom without permission .
But the First District Court of Appeal in San Francisco said the jury had been entitled to find that Albertson 's was at fault for not informing the supervisor about A.M. 's condition and need for bathroom breaks .
Although an employer may have accommodated a disabled worker 's needs over an extended period , " a single failure to make reasonable accommodation can have tragic consequences , " Justice Timothy Reardon said in the 3 - 0 ruling .
The court initially upheld A.M. 's damages last month and published its ruling as a statewide precedent last week .
Lawyers for Albertson 's were unavailable for comment .
The company could appeal the ruling to the state Supreme Court .
The ruling can be viewed at links.sfgate.com /ZILF .
Scientists have changed the coil of a snail 's shell .
The clockwise or anticlockwise coiling , or " handedness " , is determined by genes and develops very early in a snail embryo .
A team describes in the journal Nature how they used tiny glass rods to mechanically manipulate the snail embryos .
The Tao of Quantum Interrogation
Table of contents :
Introduction : The Problem
The problem we wish to solve is how to optically detect the presence of something , but with no photons hitting it .
The something could be many things , like a hand , a detector , an ultrasensitive piece of film , or a single atom .
The two physicists who brought this topic to light in 1993 , Elitzur and Vaidman ( EV ) , considered a " superbomb " , which , if it possessed the trigger / detonator element , would explode whenever hit by even a single photon .
Some of the bombs possess the element , and some do not .
( The former are the so - called " good " bombs , the latter are the " bad " bombs [ please do not get on my case about which ones are really the good ones ! ] ) .
The goal now is , given a supply of these bombs in sealed crates , find out which ones are the good bombs .
( Also , we are n't allow to shake the crates , or otherwise risk disturbing the bombs . )
A detective limited to the realm of classical physics is in trouble .
He can go into a completely darkened room , and pry off the lid of the crate .
Then what ?
If there really is no light at all -- if no photons at all hit the trigger element -- then he gets no information .
If , on the other hand , a single photon hits the element , well then by definition there is a loud explosion , and the detective knows that this was a good bomb .
There seems to be no way to find the good bombs without always exploding them .
The First Solution : Simple ( Non ) interference Enter quantum mechanics .
The first solution to the problem posed by EV was also suggested by them .
Namely , we can use the complementary wave - particle nature of light ( or , indeed , of any quantum ) .
Consider a Mach - Zehnder inteferometer , as shown below ( left ) .
It is composed of two perfect mirrors , and two 50 - 50 beam splitters .
The upper and lower path lengths are set to be exactly equal .
Under these conditions , there is complete destructive interference to the upper exit port -- any incident light always exits to the other port .
Put differently , the probability is 0 for an incident photon to reach detector D_dark ( hence the name ) , while the probability to reach detector D_light is 1 ( ditto ) .
What happens when there is an object -- like the EV " superbomb " -- in one of the paths ?
( See above , right . )
Now we can use our classical notions to understand the possibilities .
There is a 50 % chance that a photon will take the path containing the object , resulting in an explosion .
But if this did n't happen ( also 50 % likely ) , then the photon must have taken the other path .
At the second beam splitter , there is no longer interference , since there is only one way to get there .
Therefore , the photon again makes a random choice .
There is thus a 25 % ( = 0.5 x 0.5 ) chance that the photon goes to D_light ; such a result gives no information ( but also does not disturb the bomb ) , since it would have happened in the absence of the bomb .
There is also a 25 % chance that the photon is detected at D_dark .
This never happened in the absence of the bomb -- whenever D_dark goes " click " , we know that there was an object in the interferometer .
And since we only send in a single photon , and it shows up at D_dark , it could not have interacted with the object in the interferometer ( which object , even if it does not actually explode , is assumed to be completely non-transmitting ) .
As alluded to above , the reason this works is the wave - particle duality of quanta .
When the interferometer is empty , the two possible ways to get to a detector are indistinguishable , and we get interference -- the photon behaves like a wave .
On the other hand , when one of the paths is blocked , there is only one way to reach a detector , so there is no interference -- the photon behaves like a particle , in that it can only show up at the bomb or at D_light or at D_dark , but never at more than one of these .
It will be helpful below to define a figure of merit for these systems , that will tell us what fraction of our measurements can be interaction - free .
( Simply taking the probability of D_dark firing is too restrictive , because we could always take the photons that leave toward D_light and recycle them . )
This is given by P ( D_dark ) / ( P( D_dark ) + P ( boom ) ) , where we are defining D_dark as the probability of an interaction - free measurement , and P ( boom ) as the probability of an interaction - full measurement .
Now , it turns out that by adjusting the reflectivities of the beam splitters in the interferometer , it is possible to achieve P( D_dark ) = P ( boom ) ( well , almost -- see the theoretical plot of the efficiency below , as well as our experimental data ) .
For this case , the efficiency is 1 / 2 .
( Note however , that in this limit , both P( D_dark ) and P ( boom ) actually approach 0 , while P( D_light ) -->
1 . ) The question immediately arose , is 50 % the best we can do -- are we destined to be blown up half the time ?
Step Two : The Quantum Zeno Effect
The answer , amazingly enough , is No .
We can in fact make the chance that the bomb blows up as small as we like ( in principle , anyway ) .
To understand the method , we need to consider another rather peculiar quantum mechanical phenomenon , the so - called " Quantum Zeno effect " .
First discussed in 1977 by Misra and Sudarshan , the QZE involves using repeated quantum measurements to inhibit the evolution of a quantum system .
It relies on the quantum " projection postulate " , which basically states that , for any measurement made on a quantum system , only certain answers are possible , and that the resulting quantum system is then in a state determined by the obtained results .
This is easiest to understand with a particular example .
Consider a series of N polarization rotators , each of which rotates the polarization of light by an angle 90° / N .
Therefore , after passing through all N of them , an initially horizontally - polarized photon will be vertically polarized .
That is , it will have zero chance of passing through a horizontal polarizer and being detected :
However , if we intersperse a series of horizontal polarizers , one at each stage , then the outcome is quite different .
For concreteness , consider the case of six cycles , so that the rotation angle at each stage is 15° .
At the first polarizer , the photon has only a small chance of being absorbed --> 6.7 % = sin2 ( 15° ) .
If it is not absorbed , then by the projection postulate , the photon must be horizontally polarized .
The identical process happens at every stage .
For the case of N=6 , the chance that the photon was transmitted through all 6 polarizers is simply ( cos2 ( 15° ) ) 6 , which is about 2/3 .
Note that without the interspersed polarizers , we never saw light at the detector .
Hence , whenever we get a " click " at the detector , we know that the extra polarizers were inserted .
Moreover , if we perform the experiment with a single photon input , and it shows up at the final detector , then of course it could not have been absorbed by any of the extra polarizers .
And as we let the number of stages N become large ( at the same time reducing the angle of polarization rotation accordingly ) , then the probability that the photon is absorbed vanishes -- the photon is always transmitted !
To demonstrate this phenomenon , we did not use six rotators and six polarizers , mostly because we did not have so many elements .
Instead , we used a single rotator and a single polarizing beam splitter , but arranged our light to pass through these six times , as shown below :
What we found , in agreement with the above predictions , is that when the polarizing beam splitter ( which transmits horizontal polarized light , and reflects vertical polarized light ) was not in place , the detector D essentially never fired ; whereas when the polarizing beam splitter was in place , the detector D fired 2/3's of the time .
Combined Bliss
We see that we have come half - way to our goal from either side .
Using the EV simple disrupted interferometer , we can detect the presence of any object ( i.e. , an opaque object ) , but only up to 50 % of the time interaction - free .
And with the quantum Zeno technique we have shown that we can detect the presence of a polarizing object better than 50 % of the time .
By making a hybrid of the two schemes , one can achieve Nirvana -- detection of an opaque object with an arbitrarily small chance of it absorbing a photon .
While there are many methods to do this , we will present here only the one most closely connected with the previous discussions .
Consider the system shown at the right :
We again have a cycled photon , as in the previous demonstration of the Zeno effect .
It makes N cycles in the system before being let out , and its polarization analyzed .
At each cycle , again there is a rotation of the polarization by 90° / N , so that at the end , the initially horizontally - polarized photon is vertically polarized .
The key difference to the previous experiment is the inclusion of the polarization Mach - Zehnder interferometer .
Instead of normal beam splitters , it uses two polarizing beam splitters , which transmit horizontal and reflect vertical polarized light .
The two arms of the interferometer are set up to have equal lengths .
Therefore , any incident light is split into the horizontal and vertical components ( the former taking the " high road " , the latter taking the " low road " ) , which are then added up again to reform the original polarization state .
This is only true if the arms of the interferometer are unblocked .
If , instead , we have an object in the lower path , then the evolution is totally different .
Again taking the case of N=6 for concreteness , during the first cycle there is only a 6.7 % chance that the photon takes the lower path ( and is absorbed ) .
If this does not happen , then the photon wavefunction is " collapsed " into the upper path -- the photon is again completely horizontally polarized .
The same thing happens at every cycle , until on the Nth cycle the photon is allowed to leave .
If it has successfully survived ( i.e. , not been absorbed ) every cycle , then the photon is definitely horizontally polarized .
Remember that without the object , the photon was definitely vertically polarized .
By measuring the final state of the photon 's polarization , we can tell whether or not an object was blocking the lower path .
And by using a large number of cycles , we can make the probability that the photon is at some point absorbed by the object arbitrarily small .
This is the essence of interaction - free measurement .
Work in Progress
The current setup used at LANL to demonstrate interaction - free measurements is shown to the right .
A very weak pulse ( less than 1 photon ) is produced from a 670nm laser diode .
The pulse is coupled by a 4 % reflector into our system , with an initial Horizontal polarization .
The pulse is cycled in the system by the 88 % - reflecting mirror , its polarization rotated each cycle by a small amount ( determined by the orientation of the rotator [ a quarter waveplate ] ) .
The interferometer at the top is of the Michelson variety , except that it uses a polarizing beamsplitter ( which reflects vertical and transmits horizontal polarization ) .
In the absence of any object in the interferometer , it has absolutely no effect on any input polarization state , simply breaking it into the horizontal and vertical components , and adding them right back up in phase .
Therefore , over the course of N cycles , the originally H- polarized light will undergo a stepwise rotation to V- polarization .
If , on the other hand , there is an object blocking the vertical - polarization path , then we have the inhibition of rotation described above .
The non-detection of the photon in the vertical path " collapses " the wavefunction , so that the photon lies solely in the horizontal path .
After N cycles the photon still has horizontal polarization .
Finally , to determine the polarization , we must remove the photon from the system .
In a more advanced system currently under construction , the photon will be " switched out " of the system after exactly the desired number of cycles .
For the present experiment , however , the photon is allowed to randomly leak out .
By knowing when the photon was sent in , and the time it takes to make a given cycle , we can electronically examine only those photons that spent exactly N cycles in the system .
A time - resolved image of photons escaping the interferometer .
Vertical axis shows the number of photons and horizontal axis shows time ( relative to when the pulse was first sent into the system ) .
The entire horizontal axis shows a duration of about 50 ns .
Theoretical curves of the probability of making an interaction - free measurement , and the complementary probability of the object absorbing the photon .
Last year 's data from Innsbruck is shown , as is the most recent LANL data , demonstrating interaction - free measurements nearly 70 % of the time .
Other Schemes
For simplicity , we have concentrated thus far on only a few simple systems .
However , the techniques of interaction - free measurement can in fact be applied to any 2 - level system .
As another example , consider a series of connected , perfect Mach - Zehnder interferometers whose beamsplitters ' reflectivities are R=cos2 ( pi / ( 2N ) ) where N is the number of beamsplitters ( see figure below in ( a ) ) .
In this case a photon initially incident on the bottom half of the interferometer chain will gradually " slosh " into the upper half .
In fact , with R as given above , after N interferometers the photon will be entirely in the upper half .
That is , the photon will , with certainty , exit the string of N interferometers via the " up " output port .
When an object is placed in the top portion of the interferometers , however , this inhibits the evolution of the light -- it gets " trapped " in the lower half ( as in part ( b ) , above ) .
For N interferometers , the photon will now have a probability P= [ cos2 ( pi / ( 2N ) ) ]
N to emerge at the down port , whereas this probability was 0 when there was no object .
Just as we were able in the quantum Zeno example to convert a string of elements into a cycle involving the same element again and again , here we can do the same thing , though the result might look a little different .
Consider now that we have two identical cavities , which are weakly coupled by a mirror of reflectivity R=cos2 ( pi / ( 2N ) ) .
If we start out a photon in the one of the cavities , say the left one , then with time it will " slosh " into the other one .
After N / 2 cycles it will be equally likely to be in either cavity , and after N cycles it will only be in the right cavity .
( If we were to allow it to continue cycling , it would eventually -- after another N cycles -- slosh back into the initial , left cavity . )
Note that this sloshing back and forth is completely analogous to the coupled oscillations of two weakly coupled pendula .
On the other hand , if there is an absorbing object in the right cavity , this will prevent the " sloshing " from occuring .
At each cycle there will be a small probability that the photon will be absorbed by the object ( simply given by the coupling transmittivity T = 1 - R ) .
But if this does n't happen , the wavefunction of the photon is " collapsed " back into the initial cavity and we start all over again .
Thus , at the end of the N cycles , the photon has a probability RN of still being in the left cavity ( and a probability 1 - RN that it was absorbed by the object ) .
As we let the number of cycles N go to infinity ( easier said on a Webpage than done in reality ) , the photon always stays in the initial cavity .
Curiously , there is a related method of doing interaction - free measurements , suggested to us by , amongst others , Profs .
Yamamoto ( at Stanford University ) and Haroche ( at the Ecole Normal Superieure in Paris ) , which relies on a single cavity .
The point is to consider a very high finesse cavity which is tuned to allow the wavelength of the incident light to pass ( note that this means that the incident light must have a bandwidth less than the cavity bandwidth ) .
If the cavity is empty , then the light will simply pass right through ( but only after the resonance interference effect has had time to build up in the cavity , which is basically the same as the cavity ring - down time ) .
But if there is an absorber in the cavity , then the incident light will basically be reflected by the first high - reflectivity mirror .
By seeing whether the light was transmitted or reflected , we can see whether the cavity was empty or not .
A Hint of Things To Come Before actually publishing the details of these ideas ( and hence subjecting them to " peer review " ) , I am hesitant to say too much .
However , the reader who has made it this far deserves to know what lies ahead .
It is only natural , once one has considered interaction - free measurements of a " normal " object , to start considering modifications .
For example , what happens if the object is semi-transparent ?
It turns out that the above - described schemes do not work as well ( after all , they rely on a " collapse " which in turn depends on the complete non-absorption of a photon ) .
However , there are ways to improve them , and perhaps even to use them to make ultra-sensitive measurements of optical density .
Another very interesting topic is that of a quantum object , i.e. , one that can be in a superposition of being " there " and " not there " .
One such example is an atom in an atom interferometer , which simultaneously exists in both arms .
Another is the recent separated - ion demonstration by Wineland et al. , in which a single ion in a trap is made to coexist at two separated points in space .
If such systems are evaluated using the interaction - free measurement schemes , then the two sub-systems -- the quantum object and the interrogating light -- become entangled .
In fact , although we have not discussed it at all here , for sufficiently large N , the interaction - free measurement methods even work for multiple - photon states , even for dim classical pulses .
Therefore , combining such an input with a quantum object , one is able to transfer the quantum superposition of the latter onto the former .
In other words , one could make superpositions of " bunches " of photons ; for example , one could prepare a pulse of light with an average of 20 photons in it , all of whom were horizontal , or all of whom were vertical , and yet until a measurement was made , none of them would have a definite polarization .
Such a peculiar state of affairs would be a modest example of a Schroedinger cat .
Finally , another avenue we are currently exploring is to extend the above techniques to allow two - dimensional imaging of an object .
As a simple example , one could then make an in situ movie of a Bose - Einstein condensate without blowing it up , since very few of the photons actually end up being absorbed by the ultra - cold condensate atoms .
( Practically speaking , however , the latest far - off - resonance methods of Ketterle et al. are likely to be more .... practical . )
In conclusion , it is not altogether clear what wonderful applications the principles of interaction - free measurements will have , but it is certain that some very interesting physics is yet to be uncovered .
First I thought of choosing a title for this article that sounded something like " it 's tubes time again " but that would have been slightly incorrect as I reckon more and more tubes never went away anyway .
Tubes may have " slept " but they were never dead , forgotten but never abandoned - they simply were here and we more or less have taken notice of them .
From the 70's and until these last years the tubes have been looked at as something belonging strictly to the past history of technology and those who were still using gear based on vacuum tubes were mere nostalgic people , unable to depart their " olden " world of even older tech .
Well , well , well , things seem to have a different trajectory lately as the valves are making a comeback ( again , not that they had left for somewhere ) stronger than any product or generic piece of technology we 've had at hand .
People have simply realized that the warmth a tube gives to the sound in amps cannot be achieved at a more decent price - the solid - state and digital technology we have yet can't make the sound - processing units so small , convenient and easy to use for everybody so they equal ( let alone surpass ) the capabilities and generic use of the vacuum tube .
So , what was to be done ?
Guitar and bass amps , as well as tube microphone pre-amps were back on the market with a huge success and all the tube - based gear was selling awesomely : no more " old - people stuff " - now it had become " true vintage classy sound " .
Even tube microphones came out !
It was clearly time for something odd ... but the delay was short : the first vacuum tube - amped soundcard for a PC !
Sounds insane , but they did it !
AOpen have put together the first tube - amped soundcard - equipped motherboard ever !
Apart from that , there 's nothing that special about it : it 's as " motherboard " as it can possibly be , unless its final amp stage runs on a Sovtek 6922 valve .
For those who do n't know ( and unless you 're passionate guitar - lovers or sound technicians it 's most likely you do n't )
Sovtek Russian valves have been long time used in both pro and audiophile gear , from amping home / studio sound devices and up to enforcing guitar amplifiers and the likes .
" Why a tube ? " could someone ask and those who have ever used tube - based gear will hurry to answer enumerating the exceptional advantages of vacuum tubes when it comes to sound .
First of all , there 's the world - renowned and spoken of " warmth " of the sound : tubes , despite the overall higher level of distortion at higher volumes ( after all , that 's why the coolest overdrive sounds for rock guitars are obtained from tubes ) are capable of putting out a much denser audio signal .
It comprises a whole lot more harmonics as far as 3 octaves away from the base - sound and this results in a completely specific , warm and fat audio .
Once you get to listen to good audio media on a good tube - loaded device you 'll be able to tell the difference between it and digital or solid - state amped sound on the fly .
The AOpen project was though stopped out of rather unknown reasons ; fact is the audio codec used for the tube - soundcard was n't by far the best choice for such a job and it matched its purpose only partially .
Reportedly , the final sound was different , but not that much as I or other people expected .
Again , since tubes work at high voltages and get really - really hot ( they actually get to glow in a red - orange eerie light sometimes ) there was the issue of the heat inside the PC case ...
The system was nevertheless well - built and benefited from very high - quality parts :
The sound subsystem of the motherboard consists of : ELNA capacitors in the power circuitry of the tube , CARDAS copper cables between the amplifier and connectors , REL MultiCap capacitors in the sound section and VISHAY resistors .
Seems like they all together have n't had much luck and the whole system ( very interesting thing , you 'll agree ) has eventually come to a halt then came back to the PC - era traditional soundcards .
This project nevertheless has proved that there is still much work to be done and a lot of field to be researched until the digital chip could ever dream of competing shoulder - to - shoulder with the vacuum tube - based amplification .
So far , the best attempts have been made with the help of emulation but this is scarcely enough when compared to the " fat " .
Alright , so , with a bit of luck and a following wind the title of this post is going to have segregated my audience into a number of sub-sets :
(1) The people who 're seriously into their Perl 5 and want to hear about me having a good rant about the useless science project that 's screwed over our marketing for years and still can't manage to produce a release that anybody can use for anything sensible and smile safe in the knowledge that Perl 6 people just Do n't Fucking Get It .
(2) The people who 're seriously into their Perl 6 and want to see what the hell this delusional arrogant fucktard is on about so they can check off all the stupid mistakes I make and the inconsistencies and the unfair jibes when Rakudo Star is turning up soon and nobody ever said this was ready yet so why are you being such a bitch about the fact it is n't and smile safe in the knowledge that Perl 5 people just Do n't Fucking Get It .
(3) The people who 're seriously into either and just went " oh for fuck 's sake , look , even MORE stupid infighting " and clicked somewhere else in disgust .
So , given those distributions , there 's a reasonable chance that you 're in group ( 1 ) or group ( 2 ) - the group ( 3 ) people have already gone .
And that 's fine .
I was n't talking to them .
Because what this article is about is telling groups ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) that you 're completely , utterly , irretrievably fucking wrong and to get the fuck over yourself .
And it 's about reminding me that if I do n't pay enough attention it's way too easy for me to fall into group ( 1 ) myself and that 's just arse because not only am I irretrievably fucking wrong but I know enough to know better .
Ok , so , honestly this is " why we 're all fucking idiots for being in group 1 , or even within shouting distance of it , or on the same content as it " .
The wonderfully eloquent masak has a nice long post about this for the group 2 people , and in keeping with the hugtastic nature of Perl 6 culture his is clear , friendly , and nice .
Mine is n't going to be .
If you want nice , go over there , read his .
Actually , if you 're type one , go over there , read his too .
Because it 's going to come as a shock .
Because hey , the Perl 6 people KNOW what they have is n't " ready " for a lot of people 's values of " ready " and they know that Perl 5 is n't dead and they 're not trying to kill it either .
Fucking amazing , right ?
And even better , now masak and I tried this whole actually fucking talking to each other thing they 're going over their shit and going " hey , look , this makes us look like we 're saying something we were n't trying to " and fixing it .
And with Rakudo Star , they 're looking to provide something that ( a ) might count as " ready " for a bunch of people ( b ) will have very clear warning labels about what sort of ready and for who , so they do n't end up with stupid perception problems ( hopefully ) .
And what have we been doing in the meantime ?
Well , all sorts of awesome things .
There 's been a new perl.org website .
Moose goes from strength to strength , and Perl 5 Version 12 is on the horizon .
So why is it that when people come onto Freenode 's #perl channel and ask about Perl 6 we sound like such whiny bastards ?
I mean , come on , people .
We spend ages going on about this , arguing because people think it 's another version , and basically sounding really fucking defensive - when the Perl 6 community ISN'T ATTACKING US .
Here 's what we need to say , and it 's really fucking simple .
Perl 5 and Perl 6 are two different languages .
Perl 5 and Perl 6 are both part of the Perl family .
Perl 5 has a website at http://www.perl.org/
because it was once the only one .
Perl 6 has a website at http://www.perl6.org/
because it started out with Perl 5 already existing .
Then , assuming you 're like me , you say :
And I use , and love , and intend to continue using Perl 5 .
That 's it .
Here , I turned it into a rant - free link for you .
That 's fucking it .
Now move on .
You 're a Perl 5 guy , right ?
So fuck Perl 6 .
Fuck python .
Fuck ruby .
Fuck PHP in the eye with a rusty nail .
Let 's actually move the fuck on and talk about why we love Perl 5 , why we keep using it even if people seem to declare it dead every so often ( just like C , and UNIX , and everything else I care about in production , but anyway ) , why we 're excited about it and all the awesome new things that are happening .
And let 's celebrate the things we stole from Perl 6 , like half the syntax for MooseX : : Declare .
And let 's celebrate the things we stole from python , like the C3 method resolution order .
And let 's celebrate the things we 're experimenting with stealing from ruby , like PerlX :: MethodCallWithBlock .
And let 's celebrate not stealing anything from PHP ... except that I wish we could steal their ease of deployment , but I 'll wax lyrical ( or scatalogical ) on that one another time .
Some people may remember an article by Steve Yegge where he said -
' As I 've done for a great many other programming languages , I 've bashed on Perl 's technical weaknesses at length in the past .
To my continued amazement , the Perl folks are the only ones who never get upset .
They just say " Haha , yeah , boy , you 're right , it sure is ugly .
Heh .
Yeah , so , um , anyway , I 'm going to get back to work now ... "
It 's awesome .
I 've gained so much respect for them .
It 's almost enough to make me go back to programming in Perl . '
And I definitely remember reading that and being proud of us .
Proud of us loving our language , warts and all , and not being fucking defensive about it , and getting on with using it , and improving it , and having fun , and then being done and down the pub .
So why the FUCK is it that one mention of Perl 6 turns us into whiny ass little children ?
It 's the closest language to ours that exists , even if we do n't necessarily agree with all the differences , even if it 's still " not ready " for our values of ready .
Why can't we fucking celebrate the fact that now there are TWO languages in the Perl family , and that say " well if you like either of them you should probably try both but we like ours better and we think if we explain why , maybe you will too " ?
Well , obviously , there 's no reason we can't .
We 're just being fucking retarded about it .
So let 's stop .
Perl 6 is not the fucking bogeyman .
Let 's keep stealing shit from it .
Let 's keep showing the world how awesome Perl 5 is ( and show the Perl 6 guys as well so maybe they can steal shit from us ) .
Let 's stop having a fucking fight and start saying " hey , these guys are working on a really similar language , we must have more in common with them than we have different " .
And let 's get on with making Perl 5 fucking awesome , so in ten years ' time there are no type 1 and 2 people , there 's just a bunch of people saying " we fucking love Perl 5 " and " we fucking love Perl 6 " and " if you like one language in the Perl family look at the other one as well because you 'll quite possibly like that too " .
Because this stupid fucking argument is not only making bad blood , it 's making us waste time talking about Perl 6 that we should have spent talking about Perl 5 , and it 's making the Perl 6 guys do the converse , and did n't we all get into this to write fucking cool code that we can go home proud of ?
So , shit , let 's quit this waste of fucking time and let 's all go get on with that .
And then christmas can come TWICE a year , every fucking year .
And would n't that be grand ?
-- mst , out .
NEW YORK -- Karen
King owes nearly $ 36,000 , more than she 's ever earned in a year .
All day long , bill collectors call .
She hunts for a second job , sometimes skips meals , and stays with other family members at a grandfather 's crowded apartment , trying to get out of debt and turn her life around .
She largely holds herself at fault .
" Years ago , ...
Enlarge HarperCollins Children 's Books Beloved book family since 1962 : Papa Bear , Mama Bear , Brother Bear , Sister Bear and baby Honey Bear .
It 's a bear market for one group of moviemakers .
Shawn Levy , director of the Night at the Museum movies , has signed on to produce a feature film based on The Berenstain Bears books , a comedy he says will be a mix of live - action and computer animation .
Walden Media , the company behind the Chronicles of Narnia films , has acquired the rights to the ursine anthropomorphs , and Levy agreed to help oversee the project .
The books , by Jan and the late Stan Berenstain , have maintained their popularity for almost a half - century .
The characters were first published in 1962 in The Big Honey Hunt .
" To stand that kind of test of time is pretty formidable , " says Levy , who will produce the film through his company , 21 Laps .
" People read them as kids and can now read them to their kids .
Any piece of culture that proves that enduring has something special in its DNA .
"
Though his next film is the more adult Tina Fey - Steve Carell comedy Date Night , the Berenstain films " happen to fit firmly within the wheelhouse of family - genre comedy I do , whether it 's Cheaper by the Dozen or Night at the Museum , " Levy says .
" It 's warm - hearted comedy about family , and a different kind of family . "
Writers have yet to be hired , but Levy says he wants the film to be an original story incorporating details from some of the more popular Berenstain books .
" I 'd like the film to be un-ironic about its family connections but have a wry comedic sensibility that is n't oblivious to the fact that they 're bears , " Levy says .
" The comedy comes from this bear family coexisting in a more recognizably real world . "
Levy compared his vision of the film to the tone of Will Ferrell 's Elf , which had a sweet , earnest hero who clashed with his cynical surroundings .
" I think the movie will be witty but never sarcastic , " he says .
Walden Media CEO
Michael
Bostick says it 's vital to honor the " goodwill from generations of families " who have enjoyed the books , but he compares the characters to other outcast families " like The Beverly Hillbillies or The Addams Family , who do n't quite fit in but manage to survive . "
The Berenstain Bears have existed as 2 - D illustrations for so long , they are also getting " a slight makeover to bring it into the three - dimensional style , but we 'll embrace the core design elements , " Bostick says .
" It 'll be a slightly modern spin on their look . "
Bostick hopes a screenplay will be finished and in preproduction late next year , with the earliest release date being late 2011 .
" Believe it or not , in this business that 's a fast - track , " he says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
There will come a time
There will come a time we believe
When the shape of the planet
and the divisions of the land
Will be less important ;
We will be caught in a glow of friendship
a red star of hope
will illuminate our lives
A star of hope
A star of joy
A star of freedom
-- Dennis Brutus , Caracas , October 18 , 2008
By Patrick Bond
December 26 , 2009 -- World - renowned political organiser and one of Africa ’s most celebrated poets , Dennis Vincent Brutus , died early on December 26 , 2009 , in Cape Town , in his sleep , aged 85 .
Even in his last days , Brutus was fully engaged , advocating social protest against those responsible for climate change , and promoting reparations to black South Africans from corporations that benefited from apartheid .
He was a leading plaintiff in the Alien Tort Claims
Act case against major firms that is now making progress in the US court system .
Brutus was born in Harare in 1924 , but his South African parents soon moved to Port Elizabeth , where he attended Paterson and Schauderville high schools .
He entered Fort Hare University on a full scholarship in 1940 , graduating with a distinction in English and a second major in psychology .
Further studies in law at the University of the Witwatersrand were cut short by imprisonment for anti-apartheid activism .
Brutus ’ political activity initially included extensive journalistic reporting , organising with the Teachers ’ League and the Congress movement , and leading the new South African Sports Association as an alternative to white sports bodies .
After his banning in 1961 under the Suppression of Communism Act , he fled to Mozambique but was captured and deported to Johannesburg .
There , in 1963 , Brutus was shot in the back while attempting to escape police custody .
Memorably , it was in front of Anglo American Corporation headquarters that he nearly died while awaiting an ambulance reserved for blacks .
While recovering , he was held in the Johannesburg Fort Prison cell which more than a half - century earlier housed Mahatma Gandhi .
Brutus was transferred to Robben Island where he was jailed in the cell next to Nelson Mandela , and in 1964 - 65 wrote the collections Sirens Knuckles Boots and Letters to Martha , two of the richest poetic expressions of political incarceration .
Subsequently forced into exile , Brutus resumed simultaneous careers as a poet and anti-apartheid campaigner in London , and while working for the International Defense and Aid Fund , was instrumental in achieving the apartheid regime ’s expulsion from the 1968 Mexican Olympics and then in 1970 from the Olympic movement .
Upon moving to the US in 1971 , Brutus served as a professor of literature and African studies at Northwestern ( Chicago ) and Pittsburgh , and defeated high - profile efforts by the Reagan administration to deport him during the early 1980s .
He wrote numerous poems , 90 of which will be published posthumously next year by Worcester State University , and he helped organise major African writers organisations with his colleagues Wole Soyinka and Chinua Achebe .
Following the political transition in South Africa , Brutus resumed activities with grassroots social movements in his home country .
In the late 1990s he also became a pivotal figure in the global justice movement and a featured speaker each year at the World Social Forum , as well as at protests against the World Trade Organisation , G8 , Bretton Woods Institutions and the New Partnership for Africa ’s Development .
Brutus continued to serve in the anti-racism , reparations and economic justice movements as a leading strategist until his death , calling in August 2009 for the " Seattling " of the recent Copenhagen summit because sufficient greenhouse gas emissions cuts and North - South " climate debt " payments were not on the agenda .
His final academic appointment was as Honorary Professor at the University of KwaZulu - Natal Centre for Civil Society , and for that university ’s press and Haymarket Press , he published the autobiographical Poetry and Protest in 2006 .
Among numerous recent accolades were the US War Resisters League peace award in September 2009 , two Doctor of Literature degrees conferred at Rhodes and Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University in April 2009 -- following six other honorary doctorates – and the Lifetime Achievement Award of the South African government Department of Arts and Culture in 2008 .
Brutus was also awarded membership in the South African Sports Hall of Fame in 2007 , but rejected it on grounds that the institution had not confronted the country ’s racist history .
He also won the Paul Robeson and Langston Hughes awards .
The memory of Dennis Brutus will remain everywhere there is struggle against injustice .
Uniquely courageous , consistent and principled , Brutus bridged the global and local , politics and culture , class and race , the old and the young , the red and green .
He was an emblem of solidarity with all those peoples oppressed and environments wrecked by the power of capital and state elites – hence some in the African National Congress government labelled him " ultraleft " .
But given his role as a world - class poet , Brutus showed that social justice advocates can have both bread and roses .
Brutus ’s poetry collections are :
Sirens Knuckles and Boots ( Mbari Productions , Ibaden , Nigeria and Northwestern University Press , Evanston Illinois , 1963 ) .
Letters to Martha and Other Poems from a South African Prison ( Heinemann , Oxford , 1968 ) .
Poems from Algiers ( African and Afro-American Studies and Research Institute , Austin , Texas , 1970 ) .
A Simple Lust ( Heinemann , Oxford , 1973 ) .
China Poems ( African and Afro-American Studies and Research Centre , Austin , Texas , 1975 ) .
Strains ( Troubador Press , Del Valle , Texas ) .
Stubborn Hope ( Three Continents Press , Washington , DC and Heinemann , Oxford , 1978 ) .
Salutes and Censures ( Fourth Dimension , Enugu , Nigeria , 1982 ) .
Airs and Tributes ( Whirlwind Press , Camden , New Jersey , 1989 ) .
Still the Sirens ( Pennywhistle Press , Santa Fe , New Mexico , 1993 ) .
Remembering Soweto , ed. Lamont B. Steptoe ( Whirlwind Press , Camden , New Jersey , 2004 ) .
Leafdrift , ed. Lamont B. Steptoe ( Whirlwind Press , Camden , New Jersey , 2005 ) .
Poetry and Protest : A Dennis Brutus Reader , ed. Aisha Kareem and Lee Sustar ( Haymarket Books , Chicago and University of KwaZulu - Natal Press , Pietermaritzburg , 2006 ) .
He is survived by his wife May , his sisters Helen and Dolly , eight children , nine grandchildren and four great - grandchildren in Hong Kong , England , the USA and Cape Town .
[ Patrick Bond directs the Centre for Civil Society at the University of KwaZulu - Natal : http://www.ukzn.ac.za/ccs.]
Statement from the Brutus Family on the passing of Professor Dennis Brutus
Professor Dennis Brutus died quietly in his sleep on the 26th December , earlier this morning .
He is survived by his wife May , his sisters Helen and Dolly , eight children , nine grandchildren and four great - grandchildren in Hong Kong , England , the USA and Cape Town .
Dennis lived his life as so many would wish to , in service to the causes of justice , peace , freedom and the protection of the planet .
He remained positive about the future , believing that popular movements will achieve their aims .
Dennis ’ poetry , particularly of his prison experiences on Robben Island , has been taught in schools around the world .
He was modest about his work , always trying to improve on his drafts .
His creativity crossed into other areas of his life , he used poetry to mobilize , to inspire others to action , also to bring joy .
We wish to thank all the doctors , nurses and staff who provided excellent care for Dennis in his final months , and to also thank St Luke ’s Hospice for their assistance .
There will be a private cremation within a few days and arrangements for a thanks giving service will be made known in early January .
Anti-Privatisation Forum :
We mourn the passing of Dennis Brutus and celebrate his incredible life
December 26 , 2009 -- The Anti-Privatisation Forum and all of its 30 + community affiliates are saddened by the passing away of Comrade Dennis Vincent Brutus earlier today in Cape Town .
Comrade Dennis passed away in his sleep , aged 85 .
At the same time , we celebrate his incredible life of literary , intellectual and activist principle and commitment to justice and equality for all .
Many other activists and movements here in South Africa and across the globe will no doubt provide ample affirmation of comrade Dennis ’ amazing life journey and activism .
His personal sacrifices , achievements and involvement in a wide range of social and political struggles over the better part of the 20th century and the first decade of the 21st are legendary .
Comrade Dennis was always on the side of the oppressed and remained true to his principles in fighting for an anti-capitalist South Africa and world .
His pen and his voice were always a thorn in the side of the rich and powerful , whether here or abroad and were constant reclaimers of our collective consciences and humanity .
In the ten years since the formation of the APF , comrade Dennis was a regular source of solidarity , encouragement and lively debate .
He never shirked from joining the fight against narrow nationalism , ethnic chauvinism and gender oppression and always had a word of encouragement and affirmation for his fellow comrades .
While we will miss him greatly , we celebrate his life along with all his family , friends and fellow activists .
Hamba Kahle comrade Dennis !
Two poems by Dennis Brutus in Caracas
Below are two poems presented by veteran anti-apartheid and global social justice activist Dennis Brutus , in Venezuela for the eighth meeting of the Network of Intellectuals and Artists in Defence of Humanity and the World Forum for Alternatives , October 18 , 2008 .
Dennis Brutus
Poem immediately following the conference , in the Hotel Alba overlooking Caracas mountains , 5:50 am on October 18 , 2008 .
Saffron dawn glimmers
beyond the mountain 's blue bulk
my shoulder 's reflection infringes
on the window 's dim report
So let some impact from you my words echo resonance
lend impulse to the bright looming dawn
* * *
Poem delivered at the closing session .
There will come a time
There will come a time we believe
When the shape of the planet
and the divisions of the land
Will be less important ;
We will be caught in a glow of friendship
a red star of hope
will illuminate our lives
A star of hope
A star of joy
A star of freedom
In thanks to President Hugo Chavez and the people of Venezuela ,
Dennis Brutus
October 18 , 2008 , Caracas .
[ Read more by and about Dennis Brutus from the archives of Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal . ]
I use the word work somewhat loosely .
My summer - associate class had been flown in for orientation the previous spring , only to spend the day in the lobby of the training room , watching the NASDAQ plunge 300 points .
By the time we reported for duty in mid-June , the tech - heavy index had lost about 1,300 points from its March peak of 5,132 .
Before the crash , eager recruiters had told us that Merrill Lynch ’s bankers would be okay no matter what ; in the bull market , they had done initial public offerings , or IPOs , and in a bear market , they would do mergers and acquisitions and stock repurchases instead .
This prognosis turned out to be as delusional as the Pets.com prospectus .
The office was a well - upholstered tomb .
We spent most of our days — and nights — performing a kind of kabuki , pretending to do work for bosses who must have known that they had no work for us to do .
Yet still the dinners , the trips , and the lavish paychecks continued .
Why ?
The question was resolved for me during an August cocktail hour at P. J. Clarke ’s , the financial district ’s version of a meat market .
There another associate pointed out , a trifle owlishly , the explanation : “ Seven percent . ”
That was where a new analysis had pegged the average “ gross spread , ” or fees , on an IPO , which was the only kind of live deal I had worked that summer .
To be sure , Merrill Lynch was splitting those fees with other banks .
But when offerings ran into the hundreds of millions of dollars , as they easily did , a few percent was a lot of money .
Sure , a competent bookkeeper or legal secretary could have done most of our work .
But in the banks ’ fees , our salaries were a rounding error .
Still , why not compete down our salaries , if they could ?
I ’m sure that if David Poor and his fellow managers had hired M.B.A.s from Georgetown and Notre Dame instead of Harvard and Chicago , they could have found something to do with the money saved .
These days , that question seems more pertinent , and more mysterious , than ever .
With laid - off bankers flooding the job market , you would think that salaries in finance at long last would come down .
But even a coven of angry Congress members seems to have had only a limited effect on what the financial industry is willing to pay its employees .
Hearings and diatribes have succeeded merely in forcing firms to pay more compensation as salaries rather than as bonuses — as if the main issue with lavish paydays at bailed - out banks were the timing of the checks .
To understand why banker pay seems so persistently outlandish , consider another industry that skims off the top of a vast well of cash : the business of making movie trailers .
Unless you ’re deaf , or have been living in an ashram for the past four decades , you ’ve heard the voice of Don LaFontaine , known in the trailer industry as “ the voice of God . ”
LaFontaine ’s gravelly baritone popularized the phrase
In a world where … and seduced us into movie after movie , from Dr. Strangelove to The Simpsons Movie .
When he died last year , at the age of 68 , one obituary reported that at his peak , LaFontaine was making $ 30 million a year voicing trailers and commercials .
Continuing the trend of music in unusual venues ,
This weekend sees the world ’s very first hot springs music festival launched .
Onsen Ongaku Vol. 1 is organized by the Naturally Gushing ambient works project and held in Yamanouchi , Nagano Prefecture .
The event runs from 5 p.m. Saturday to 5 p.m. Sunday and the headliner will be dance music act De De Mouse who samples Mongolian vocals on top of sweet electro - pop keyboards .
Other acts include Metal Mouse , Asa -Chang , Yoko Nagisa and Snow Effect .
Due to the confined space , attendance is capped at 300 , but despite that , tickets cost a rather reasonable ¥ 6,500 .
Adding to the magical and unusual atmosphere is the fact that the building the event is held in is famous for being one of the onsen that inspired the bathhouse in “ Spirited Away . ”
Visitors can’t camp , but there are a number of hotels and inns available to stay in in the town .
The best way to get there is by car though the hotel can be reached via 5 - min.
taxi ride from the nearest station .
The place is also famous for its snow monkeys who come to bathe in the onsen , though who knows if the ambient tunes will attract or repel them .
If you ca n’t make it out to Nagano , you might compromise by attending one of the upcoming Furo Rocks events in Kichijoji , Tokyo .
Not held at a natural spring but in a sento ( public bathhouse ) , the acoustics in the tiled venue are wild as is the awesome painting of Mount Fuji which provides a backdrop for the temporary stage .
There are upcoming events on the Nov. 5 ( acoustic and electric night ) and on Dec. 10 , when Tokyo based Jim O’Rourke will rock the bath .
Unfortunately , unlike at Onsen Ongaku , you ca n’t take a bath at Furo Rocks , though apparently they have a great massage chair and you can wave around your yellow plastic wash tubs to the music .
People attending Onsen Ongaku , however , are reminded not to forget their towels .
Most of the dead were reported to have been students A suicide bomber who killed at least 22 people at a graduation in Somalia was brought up in Denmark , officials say .
Somali Information Minister Dahir Gelle told the BBC that the bomber 's parents , who live in Copenhagen , identified their son's body from photographs .
Reports say he left Somalia when he was a child and spent 20 years in Denmark , before returning to Somalia last year .
He reportedly joined the hard - line Islamist group al - Shabab - although they have previously denied the attack .
Al - Shabab and other radical Islamist groups control much of the country .
I had to step over their bodies to get out - people were screaming : ' Is it a bomb ?
Is it a bomb ? '
Mohammed Olad Hassan
BBC reporter
Bomb attack : ' Light turned to dark ' The Danish Security and Intelligence Service ( PET ) also says the bomber was from Denmark , according to local media .
The Copenhagen Post quoted PET as saying the man was in his 20s and was " a Somali citizen who had residence in Denmark " .
" As PET has indicated numerous times in the past , there are people with ties to Denmark who have gone through militant Islamic training and radicalisation and who are involved in terror - related activities in several countries , including in Somalia , " a PET statement said , according to the newspaper .
The bombing took place at a graduation for medical students on 3 December in one of the few parts of the capital , Mogadishu , which is controlled by the government .
The students had been graduating from Benadir University , which was set up in 2002 to train doctors to replace those who had fled overseas or been killed in the civil war .
Three ministers were among the dead .
Al - Shabab , which wants to enforce a strict version of Islamic law in Somalia , is accused of having links to al - Qaeda .
It has previously carried out several suicide bombings on government targets - but it has usually claimed responsibility immediately .
Somalia has had no effective government for almost 20 years .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Not sure what to give Uncle Sam this Christmas ?
How about a nice , fat check to help whittle away at the $ 7.6 trillion national debt ?
James Bowers , dressed as Uncle Sam , asks people if they can " spare a trillion " , as they walk past him in the rain outside the front of Federal Hall , near the New York Stock Exchange , October 28 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Chip East
The U.S. Treasury Department accepts gifts , payable to the Bureau of the Public Debt .
Just mail them to the attention of Department G , Post Office Box 2188 , Parkersburg , West Virginia , 26106 - 2188 .
Make a note in the memo section that it is a gift to reduce the debt held by the public .
Yes , really .
It 's all on the Treasury 's website , at the end of the list of frequently asked questions .
here
Which raises a few more questions .
Do people really send in checks ?
How much and what reasons do they give for voluntarily paying more than just their taxes ?
And why are the checks directed to a post office box in West Virginia ?
According to Treasury spokesman Kim Treat , people do send checks .
In the last fiscal year they added up to a little over $ 3 million , which was the highest total since at least 1996 .
Some include notes .
Common reasons for donating include a sense of patriotism and immigrants expressing their thanks to the United States for giving them an opportunity , he said .
The growing debt burden has become a more pressing political issue this year as the White House strains to pull the economy out of a deep recession and bring the jobless rate down from its current 26 - year high of 10.2 percent .
The federal budget hole grew even deeper in October , according to monthly figures released on Thursday .
WHY WEST VIRGINIA ?
As for why the checks go to West Virginia , the town of Parkersburg happens to be where the majority of public debt employees work .
It is a small city where “ crime is low , happiness is high , ” the Treasury boasts on its careers website ( although it shows no public debt jobs currently open to the general public ) .
Parkersburg Mayor Bob Newell said having the public debt office there meant a couple thousand good - paying jobs , helping to insulate the city from the heavy manufacturing job losses suffered in nearby Ohio and surrounding areas .
He credits Senator Robert Byrd , who was elected to an unprecedented ninth term in 2006 , with bringing the debt office to Parkersburg more than 30 years ago .
Workers there are responsible for a number of tasks beyond just managing the large and growing national debt , including tracking savings bonds and doing some accounting work for other government agencies such as the U.S. Mint .
Because of that , people in town do n’t necessarily associate the public debt office with the debt burden itself , which has become an increasing source of angst , particularly among conservatives who are worried about rising government spending and how the debt will be repaid .
Newell said the “ Tea Party ” group , which has sponsored protests around the country against government spending , has held a few rallies in a downtown park between two of the city ’s public debt office buildings .
“ They ’ll gather and have a little rally about the economy and the ( bank ) bailouts and , more recently , health care , ” he said in a telephone interview .
“ They never relate it to the Bureau of Public Debt here locally .
Frankly , it employs a lot of people and they realize that and they appreciate it . ”
Evidence that the British army subjected prisoners in Northern Ireland to waterboarding during interrogations in the 1970s is emerging after one of the alleged victims launched an appeal against his conviction for murder .
Liam Holden became the last person in the United Kingdom to be sentenced to hang after being convicted in 1973 of the murder of a soldier , largely on the basis of an unsigned confession .
His death sentence was commuted to life imprisonment and he spent 17 years behind bars .
The jury did not believe Holden 's insistence that he made the confession only because he had been held down by members of the Parachute Regiment , whom he says placed a towel over his face before pouring water from a bucket over his nose and mouth , giving him the impression that he was drowning .
But now the Criminal Cases Review Commission ( CCRC ) has referred Holden 's case to the court of appeal in Belfast after unearthing new evidence , and because of doubts about " the admissibility and reliability " of his confession .
The commission says it believes " there is a real possibility " his conviction will be quashed .
After a preliminary hearing earlier this month , Holden 's appeal was adjourned to the new year .
However , the account that Holden gave at his trial is remarkably similar to those that have emerged since the CIA began using waterboarding techniques while interrogating al - Qaida suspects during the so - called war on terror .
Lawyers who have taken up his case have identified a second man who gave a similar account of being waterboarded after being arrested by detectives of the Royal Ulster Constabulary and questioned about the murder of a police constable .
In a statement to a doctor in April 1978 , this man said officers had put a towel over his face and poured water over his nose and mouth , and that " this was frightening and was repeated on a number of occasions " .
He was eventually released without charge .
The CCRC also has a statement taken from a third man who says he was waterboarded by the British army in the early 70s .
All of the allegations of waterboarding come from a period after March 1972 , when the then prime minister , Ted Heath , banned five other notorious torture methods which were subsequently condemned by the European court of human rights as being inhuman and degrading .
Holden , a Roman Catholic , was 19 and a chef when he was detained during a raid by soldiers of the Parachute Regiment on his parents ' home in the Ballymurphy area of west Belfast in October 1972 .
Apparently acting on a tipoff from an informer , the soldiers accused Holden of being the sniper who , a month earlier , had shot dead Private Frank Bell of the regiment 's 2nd Battalion .
Bell had just turned 18 and had joined the regiment six weeks earlier .
He was the 100th British soldier to die in Northern Ireland that year .
When Holden came to trial in April 1973 he told the jury he had been playing cards with his brother and two friends in a public place at the time Bell was shot .
He said that after being arrested in his bed the soldiers had taken him to their base on Black Mountain , west of Belfast , where he was beaten , burned with a cigarette lighter , hooded and threatened with execution .
Holden also gave a detailed account of being waterboarded , although he did not use that term .
In a court report published the following day , the Belfast Telegraph said the defendant told the jury that he had been pushed into a cubicle where he was held down by six men , that a towel was placed over his head , and that water was then poured slowly over his face from a bucket .
" It nearly put me unconscious , " Holden was quoted as saying .
" It nearly drowned me and stopped me from breathing .
This went on for a minute . "
A short while later he was subjected to the same treatment again , he said .
A sergeant from the Parachute Regiment and a British army captain told the court that Holden had confessed to the shooting during an " interview " .
The unnamed sergeant said Holden had wanted to confess to the murder because " he wanted to get it off his chest " , while the officer said the teenager had told him that he had left the IRA a short while later because he felt such remorse .
The jury took less than 75 minutes to convict Holden of capital murder , and the judge , Sir Robert Lowry , told him : " The sentence of the court is that you will suffer death in the manner authorised by law . "
The then Northern Ireland secretary , William Whitelaw , commuted the sentence the following month , and the death penalty was abolished in Northern Ireland shortly afterwards .
Holden did not appeal , however , with relatives saying at the time that he believed his trial had been " rigged " and a " farce " .
He was eventually released from prison in 1989 .
Holden 's solicitor , Patricia Coyle , said : " At trial Mr Holden gave compelling evidence that the alleged confession was obtained by the army using water torture .
He spent 17 years in jail .
He is looking forward to the court hearing his appeal . "
The new evidence that the CCRC has submitted to the court of appeal is being kept secret .
The CCRC is unwilling to discuss this material , other than to say that it has not yet been disclosed at the request of the public body from which it was obtained .
Holden 's lawyers are now asking for it to be disclosed .
The Ministry of Defence said it was unable to confirm whether British service personnel had received instruction in waterboarding techniques as part of their counterinterrogation training at that time , and it would not disclose whether personnel currently receive such instruction " for reasons of operational security " .
There is evidence that such instruction has been given , however .
In 2005 Rod Richard , the former Welsh Office minister , told a Welsh newspaper that he had been waterboarded during his counterinterrogation training as a Royal Marines officer in the late 60s .
The Guardian has spoken to a former Royal Marines officer who says that he and his fellow officers and their men were all waterboarded at the end of their escape and evasion training at Lympstone , Devon , in the late 60s and early 70s .
" You were tied to a chair and they would tip you over on your back , put a towel over your face and pour water over you .
I can't recall what we called it – not waterboarding – but it produced a drowning sensation and it was pretty unpleasant . "
Seven months before Holden was detained by British soldiers , the Heath government had publicly repudiated and banned five " interrogation techniques " .
RUC officers had learned the techniques – hooding , sleep deprivation , starvation and the use of stress positions and noise – from British military intelligence officers , but Heath assured the Commons that they " will not be used in future as an aid to interrogation " .
There were subsequently unconfirmed allegations that the British army had experimented with other methods of torture , including electric shocks , and the use of drugs .
Towards the end of the decade , Amnesty International was reporting that terrorism suspects were again being mistreated , this time by RUC detectives , " with sufficient frequency to warrant the establishment of a public inquiry " .
A number of Republican former prisoners have told the Guardian that waterboarding was used as a form of punishment , as well as a means of extracting confessions .
( CNN ) -- Prosecutors will seek the death penalty against a former California Sunday school teacher accused of killing an 8 - year - old girl earlier this year .
Sandra Cantu 's body was found in a suitcase in an irrigation pond near where she lived .
Melissa Huckaby , 28 , was indicted last month in the death of Sandra Cantu , a playmate of Huckaby 's daughter .
Huckaby lived in the same mobile home park as Cantu and her family in Tracy , California .
Sandra 's body was found April 6 , stuffed into a suitcase and submerged in a pond at a dairy farm .
She was last seen alive March 27 in the mobile home park .
Huckaby is charged with kidnapping and murdering Sandra , according to the indictment , along with lewd and lascivious acts on a child under 14 and rape by instrument .
She pleaded not guilty in June , but entered another not guilty plea on Thursday at a hearing , minutes of which were provided to CNN by a court spokeswoman .
Prosecutors said at the hearing Thursday they plan to seek the death penalty .
Huckaby is the granddaughter of Clifford Lane Lawless , pastor of Clover Road Baptist Church near the mobile home park , and she taught Sunday school at the church , police said .
The church was searched as part of the investigation into Sandra 's disappearance and death .
Before her arrest , Huckaby acknowledged to a newspaper reporter that she owned the suitcase that contained Sandra 's body , but said it had been stolen .
In addition to the charges in Sandra 's death , Huckaby is charged with attempting to poison two people , including a 7 - year - old girl .
A complaint alleges she " did willfully and unlawfully mingle a harmful substance with food or drink " with the intent to harm the child .
The complaint identifies the child only as " Jane M. Doe . "
Huckaby is also charged with one count of child abuse endangerment regarding the girl , who the complaint says was in her " care and custody . "
The other alleged poisoning victim was identified as Daniel Plowman , but no other information was provided .
A gag order has been imposed on parties in the case .
Superior Court Judge Linda L. Lofthus has also sealed documents in the case , including the autopsy and toxicology reports and documents relating to a defense motion to exhume Sandra 's body .
Huckaby remains jailed without bail .
A hearing was set for September 25 .
All About Melissa Huckaby • Sandra Cantu • Capital Punishment
This article was co-authored by our trained team of editors and researchers who validated it for accuracy and comprehensiveness .
wikiHow 's Content Management
Team carefully monitors the work from our editorial staff to ensure that each article is backed by trusted research and meets our high quality standards .
This article has been viewed 1,272,495 times .
X
To shotgun a beer , first take an unopened beer can and hold it sideways .
Use a key or screwdriver to puncture a hole in the can near the bottom .
Be careful to push any sharp edges inside the can , and to hold it horizontally at all times .
Take a deep breath and exhale before you start drinking so it ’s easier to chug .
Then , place your mouth over the hole , tilt the can up , and open the tab in a fluid motion .
Drink the beer through the hole until it ’s completely empty .
Suction your lips to the can and suck in to drink the beer faster , and keep swallowing so the beer is n't sitting in your mouth .
Make sure you keep the can upright so the beer does n’t spill out of the top !
For tips on drinking the beer once you pop the tab , scroll down !
It may come as a surprise to many that even the dumbest of the dumb money , the New York State Common Retirement System , which according to its most recent 13 F had about $ 44 billion in total equity assets ( Calpers was a distant second at $ 29 billion ) did not participate practically at all in the last quarter 's run up , and in fact of its top 30 positions , except for one notable addition , the fund was a net seller .
Ironically , and true to its definition of dumb money , the fund added 7 million shares of Bank Of America : probably the very same shares that John Paulson was selling to whoever was dumb enough to bid them at that price .
As the chart below demonstrates , the top ten positions at the New York Fund were :
Exxon ( $ 1.2 billion )
Microsoft ( $ 740 million )
JPMorgan ( $ 684 million )
Apple ( $ 656 million )
General Electric ( $ 630 million )
Johnson and Johnson ( $ 620 million )
AT&T ( $ 610 million )
IBM ( $ 600 million )
Procter & Gamble ( $ 597 million )
Bank of America ( $ 565 million )
Yet what is most interesting is determining whether the fund was part of this ridiculous concept of money on the sidelines , which is climing the " wall of worry , " or whatever the retarded phrase of the day that is used by The First In Subversive Propaganda Worldwide .
And the answer is no .
The New York Fund , one of the biggest and dumbest money managers ( and if the AG is correct , one of the allegedly most corrupt ones too ) out there , did not participate in the " rally . "
In fact , if one excludes the 7 million shares of BAC added which nets out the sale that John Paulson accomplised over the quarter ( gee , wonder who top ticked that one ) , the fund actually was a net seller of 308,251 shares , or $ 10 million worth of actual value disposed in Q3 .
So yes , hedge funds and quants managed to run the market up on no volume in Q3 , without actual active participation by the dumb money whales .
The chart below demonstrate the net change in Q3 for the top 30 holdings by the fund .
Zero Hedge will next analyze the portfolios of the other idiot money out there ( the people who actually buy or sell based on a Goldman recommendation change ) - the Fidelity 's and the Putnam's of the world .
We are fairly convinced the results there will be a mirror image of what the New York Common fund demonstrate : nobody has been taking advantage of this rally , which is as hollow as the computer boxes which have traded the market to stratospheric valuations .
There 's good and bad news from a sweeping new report on the world 's water scarcity out today from McKinsey & Co. , commissioned by such water - dependent companies as Coca - Cola , Nestle , SAB Miller and Syngenta , along with the World Bank / International Finance Corp .
The bad : Global demand for water already exceeds supply -- about 1.1 billion people do n't have access to clean water -- and the so - called water gap is increasing at an accelerating rate .
The good : Cost - effective , sustainable solutions are available to close the gap , particularly if governments and business focus on reducing demand rather than trying to generate additional supply .
The challenge : Getting beyond the nostrum that water is a " human right " so that water , which is obviously a scarce resource , can be priced in a way that drives conservation .
One more thing to know :
Water issues are at least as complex as energy , and all water problems are local , so generalizing about water , while inevitable , is invariably misleading .
{related_content}
As Martin Stuchtey of McKinsey put it : " We are not saying there is one way to close the water gap , and we fully acknowledge the complexity of the water arena . "
The 185 - page report , published by the 2030 Water Resources Group , was released this morning at a sparsely - attended news conference at The World Bank .
While water is n't a headline - grabbing topic , it 's emerging as a real business risk .
Recently the Carbon Disclosure Project , a coalition of institutional investors that asks global companies to measure their greenhouse gas emissions , said it would undertake a similar effort for water usage .
And press releases from NGOs the India Resource Center , which is targeting Coca - Cola , arrive regularly in my email , posing pesky reputational issues for global brands .
Water shortages will also create business opportunities , which explains the presence of Michael Mack , the CEO of Syngenta , at today 's event .
A Swiss - based agribusiness firm , Syngenta is developing genetically engineered , drought - resitant strains of wheat and corn .
" They are literally two years away , " Mack said .
Biotech crops , he said , will help not only in poor countries but in water - rich regions of Canada and Russia which will be able to grow more wheat per acre , then sell the output to countries that water - constrained .
" Getting more productive agriculture on the existing farmland is the highest priority , " Mack said .
This is known in the trade as more crop per drop .
Because agriculture accounts for about 70 percent of global water use , biotech crops could have a big impact on the water gap .
But they will only scale up if governments and environmental groups , particularly in Europe , can be persuaded that genetic engineering will generate more good than harm -- no easy matter .
Mack and Peter Brabeck - Letmathe , the chairman of Nestle , who joined in the news conference by phone , both questioned whether the idea of water as a " human right " is useful way to frame the conversation .
( Nestle , it must be noted , is the leading U.S. seller of bottled water through such local brands as Deer Park and Arrowhead , and as such it has come under considerable fire . )
Brabeck - Letmathe said people have a right to water for their basic needs -- perhaps 25 liters a day .
But he argued that adequate pricing of water will be needed to curb waste .
" It 's not a human right to wash your car , to fill up your swimming pool , to water your golf course , " he said .
Some countries are smart about pricing .
tool .
In South Africa , according to Brabeck - Letmathe , residential users are given a monthly allocation of " free " or subsidized water -- presumably enough for drinking , cooking , bathing and sanitation -- and then charged a premium for usage beyond that .
By contrast , the McKinsey executives and others said that free or subsidized electricity in rural India contributes to water shortages there because farmers have no reason not to pump as much water as they can out of the ground .
Even normally - cautious development executives said that markets have a role to play in allocating a scarce commodity like water .
" Demand is outstripping supply , especially in developing countries , " said Lars Thunell , CEO of the IFC .
Pricing alone , though , wo n't solve the water crisis , as McKinsey executives explained to me after the event .
We talked about drip irrigation -- basically pipes with holes -- which is both a more effective and more efficient way to deliver water and fertilizer to crops .
The payback on investment in drip irrigation is quick , sometimes as little as one year .
The trouble is , subsistence farmers in poor countries India do n't have the capital to invest in a drip irrigation system , so charging them more for water wo n't do any good .
They may need access to financing , or the ability to share the costs of an irrigation system with neighbors , or government or NGO subsidies for the pipes , which would provide a more sustainable solution that subsidizing electricity or water .
There 's much , much more in the McKinsey report , which focuses on four countries with big but differing water issues -- China , India , South Africa and Brazil .
Collectively , they will account for 40 percent of the world 's population , 30 percent of global GDP and 42 percent of projected water demand in 2030 .
That does n't mean that water is n't an issue for those of us fortunate enough to have access to cheap , clean water .
If you have n't noticed , California is suffering from several years of drought , which will eventually drive up the costs of groceries for anyone who wants to consume fresh fruits and vegetables year round .
By the way , do you have any idea how much you pay for water ?
I certainly do n't .
Before too long , I bet we all will .
Photo CC - licensed by Flickr user Azrainman .
Updates and Guidance
For operational updates and health guidance from the University , please visit the COVID - 19 Resource Guide .
To learn more about the fall semester , please visit the Fall Updates for Students page .
[ The Age of Civilization by Jan Soucek ] .
The New York Times
New York Times
The Cult of the Amateur : How the Internet is Killing our Culture
The days of literary intoxication may be over , however .
Jeff in Venice , Death in Varanasi
New York Time's
War and Peace
Is art and literature in the modern age diluted ?
Is it watered - down literature ?
[ The Great Illusion by Jan Soucek ]
The critical faculty will not " atrophy " ( The DarkEngine 's word ) if we actively take part in organizing art and criticism on the Web and talk about it .
The proliferation of voices must enter some kind of filter and that is the task of educated readers and the artists themselves .
Social technology -- and all of the Web 's manifestations -- are becoming inseparable from culture .
This question is open for debate in the forums at Escape into Life , " Arts and Culture Webzine " or you may leave your comments below .
I have a confession to make .
I have n't been able to finish reading an entire book in over three months .
My compulsive and ardent participation on the Internet , writing blogs , commenting , publishing poems , and reading others ' work , seems to have something to do with this .
Mostly my reading these days is confined to the well - written columns of .
I am aenthusiast and reading the newspaper coincides perfectly with my short span of attention .
A couple weeks ago , I grew interested in the phenomenon of " mass amateurism " on the Web and I wanted to investigate it .
I asked a couple prominent literary bloggers , Nigel Beale from Nota Bene Books and Andrew Seal , from Blographia Literaria , to write essays for the Arts and Culture Webzine I edit , called " Escape into Life .
"
In Nigel 's essay , he quotes the author Andrew Keen from " " .
And while I wo n't re-quote Keen here because the message is in the title , I would like to respond based on my own experience of the last couple years , and how my behavior has changed in regards to the medium of the Internet .
From college onward , I delved into literature as if it were a contact sport , devouring the classics with fervor and intensity .
I majored in English , which gave me somewhat of a background in reading these authors , but I went beyond my studies to read European classics most of which were n't taught in my classes .
I loved French and Russian realism .
I relished the imaginative powers , the ability of these great writers to create worlds inside their fiction .
My favorite authors were Balzac , Flaubert , and Zola in the French tradition ; and Turgenev , Tolstoy , and Chekhov in the Russian .
Literary realism became my opium ; I seemed to be able to live off of it forever ; indulging in these beautiful and convincing worlds .
Intoxicated I would spend days in the library reading , losing track of time and forgetting everything that pained me in my trivial life .
I recall them with a sort of nostalgia but I can no longer enter those worlds .
I refuse to abandon myself to them ; I do n't have the patience to read Zola 's meticulous story - telling or Tolstoy 's epic handling of characters and events .
What has happened since ?
Have I changed ?
Have I lost my ability to engage in culture and art ?
The Internet has definitely changed the way I read and what I read .
But it has also changed my view of myself from a passive receiver of " culture " to an active participant and creator of it .
In many ways , I 've become the epitome of the amateur artist on the Web .
I publish everything ; poetry , essays , novels , even some sketches .
And like many bloggers , I bask in the freedom to express my thoughts , my impressions , my art .
I poignantly remember a creative writing college professor once telling me -- after I announced my desire to become a professional writer --" You wo n't publish for another ten years .
I 've seen the corpses .
" And so , now it is with a certain exuberance and defiance that I publish freely on the Web , all with the click of a button .
To me , the proliferation of artistic expression , the videos on YouTube , the online novels , the loads of bad poetry , cannot be equated with a loss or diminishment of culture but instead a replenishment of it .
" More artists , more culture , " I say -- even if the great majority of those artists are naive and unskilled .
The individual acts of creativity , that 's what 's important , and with more people creating , I see the phenomenon of mass amateurism as a boon .
The novel I 'm reading now -- when I take the time to read -- is called , .
While I 've lost my attention to read classical literature , my attention seems to be on par with the requirement for contemporary novels and non-fiction .
Any casual observer of the novel by Geoff Dyer will recognize that he is no Balzac , no Chekhov , no Flaubert .
Contemporary novels are infinitely easier to read than classics , especially the ones that make it on the " Bestsellers List " .
But I 'm glad I have my Geoff Dyer book to read for pleasure , because I can't possibly focus my mind on .
My level of attention simply will not allow it .
I 'm still nostalgic for great literary works , and Amazon.com knows well that I still like to buy them , but do I read them whole ?
No .
I can't finish them .
The Internet is a medium of conversation and expression .
It is participatory .
Reading a whole stack of books by myself does not seem conducive to a lifestyle that clings impulsively to a MacBook throughout the day .
The question then becomes : We hear about the death of American poetry , the death of criticism , and the death of the American novel .
And increasingly , international audiences are finding it harder to relate to literature in America ( see the New York Times article , " Yet Once More a Laurel Not Bestowed " ) .
The Internet may not be entirely responsible for the supposed death of the arts in America , but there is a certain insularity to American prose and poetry that not a lot of international audiences " get " or appreciate .
I think too much of contemporary writing is abstract or superficial ; it lacks the density of great works of art .
And yet , ironically , my faculties have gone down for appreciating those great works , and I 'm more likely to pick up an amusing and mildly thought provoking novel - - nothing too serious or intense .
But there is another side to my ( subjective ) experience on the question of whether the Internet is killing culture .
While my dedication and commitment to literature has diminished , my attention to visual art has increased .
Escape into Life attempts to merge literature with the arts .
My mother was an artist and I have a great admiration for visual expression .
I believe the Internet has in fact expanded my capacity to appreciate and discuss art .
Never before have I had so much art to look at and admire , to study and remark on .
With this discovery , I have begun writing illustration art reviews for the Webzine .
I take it upon myself to find outstanding illustration artists on the Web , both award - winning and amateur artists , and I write detailed accounts of their work .
This practice has definitely enlarged my " culture " .
Not only am I writing about artists , but I 'm having an exchange with them , developing a social network and fostering relationships with people who share the same interests .
This , I would say , is not an act of " killing culture " ; but an act of embracing it , an act of helping it flourish and grow .
One commenter ( @TheDarkEngine ) writes , " But when ' mass amateurism ' is accepted as the norm by the culture at large , it may lose its critical abilities .
" The DarkEngine is right when he says that critical abilities are necessary to judge cultural works .
My optimism for capital " C " culture in regards to the Internet is that I believe we can sharpen our critical abilities by discussing which amateur and non-amateur poems , novels , and visual works warrant our attention .
We can point to the success of one body of " amateur " work ; which is Wikipedia .
Wikipedia proved that amateurs can in fact trump their professional counterparts with the advances of social technology .
Old - school critics who defame literary bloggers may underestimate the value of the many over the one .
When this essential quality of the Internet gets overlooked , it may appear on the surface that the medium is not producing anything valuable to culture .
The many voices of the Internet is the Internet .
The play of educated and non-educated voices , the high and low , the critical and non-critical , this is the essence and to reject the essence is to reject a large portion of human activity at present .
The Internet demands some degree of participation from everyone -- whether its reading a blog post , commenting on one , or rating that commentator 's comment .
But everyone can choose their level of participation .
Together , the collective efforts of individuals , small web publications , large media outlets , Wikis , forums , social networks , bookmarking sites , determine the shape and trajectory of culture over the Internet .
With each new medium that comes along , some Ivy League professor will exclaim that culture is dying as a result .
Culture is not dying ; it 's transforming in unpredictable ways , unexpected off - shoots , and amazing digressions .
The audiences and the consumers of art , and the creators themselves , may not look the same .
But who ever said they should ?
And who ever said Culture is static ?
IMAGES CAN BE FOUND AT BLDGBLOG and KDCAY ( VIA BUT DOES IT FLOAT )
Today I received my 9800GT , a card that I love and it can play almost any game .
The graphics card has NVIDIA ’s G92 chip containing 112 Stream Processors .
The model I selected is ZOTAC ZT - 98GEY3G - FSL which has 1 GB DDR3 memory and designed specially to consume 40 % less power without compromising the performance .
Why I selected ZOTAC GeForce 9800GT
The main reason for selecting the model ZT - 98GEY3G - FSL is that it ’s 40 % power efficient based on new technology .
This means that I do n’t have to change my standard 350W power supply .
The older versions of 9800 GT recommends a powerful power supply that costs almost half the price as the card .
This model has 1 GB GDDR3 memory and gives 2 DVI and 1 S - video output .
After rebate I got it for just $ 99 .
How to install graphics card
This is simple but those who are doing it for first time might feel some difficulties .
A word of advice : be gentle with everything otherwise you may end up damaging some capacitors or other components from either graphics card or motherboard .
The card almost fits to the space around PCI express slot so you need to be careful .
1. Uninstall previous card ’s or built - in card ’s drivers :
First step is to uninstall any previous graphics driver from you PC .
That ’s simple just go to control panel and remove the drivers .
If you do n’t find them there go to device manager and uninstall any graphics driver .
2. Remove RAM
You have to remove the previous graphics card , of course , if you have it .
The next step is to remove RAM .
That is not necessary but most people recommend to remove RAM before inserting the new Graphics card .
3. Insert Graphics card into PCI express slot :
If you do n’t know what slot it is , put the card over them as it will fit in only one slot .
The slot which is different form others is the slot .
The card fits upside - down on the slot , you ’ll figure it out .
4. Connect your Monitor to the Graphics card :
If you do n’t have a graphics card before and you use built - in graphics chipset , then this point is very important .
Now you have to connect the input of your LCD or CRT monitor to the output DVI of graphics card .
I your LCD does n’t support DVI or you do n’t have a DVI connection cable , then use the DVI - HDMI Adaptor that comes along with the graphics card .
If you do n’t do so , you wo n’t be able to see any display on the monitor .
That ’s it you are all set to turn on you PC .
All you have to do know is install the 9800GT driver that comes in the CD along with the card .
Restart you PC after installing the driver and experience the graphics !
Welcome to the Carnival of Mathematics !
Finding that the 60th is apparently the “ diamond anniversary , ” I was reminded of the symmetry in the Buckyball , which has the shape of a truncated icosahedron .
You can make pretty nice ones using modular origami :
Before getting to this month ’s links , allow me a diversion to talk about some geometry I learned a little of this month .
There are 6!=720 ways to order the letters A , B , E , I , L , and S .
If we declare that two orderings are the same if one is obtained from the other by cyclic permutation ( for example , ABEILS and ILSABE are the same ) , there are 6!/6=5!=120 combinations .
If we also declare that a word and it ’s reverse are the same ( ABEILS = SLIEBA ) , we have arrived at 6 !/( 6*2) =60 combinations .
Pick any 6 distinct points on a circle ( or any conic section ) .
Choose any of the points as a starting point , and draw a line to any of the other points .
Then draw a line to one of the remaining 4 points .
Continue until all of the points have been hit , and then draw a line back to your starting point .
How many different pictures can you make in this process ?
60 , again , because you could label the points A , B , E , I , L , S , and then pictures correspond to words from the previous calculation .
Each picture you draw is a figure with six edges .
These six edges can be put into three set of pairs , where two edges are paired if they are “ opposite . ”
In the process of drawing the lines , above , the line opposite the very first line is the fourth line you draw .
Similarly , the second and fifth form a pair , and then the third and sixth .
Now , if you extend all of the lines , each pair of opposite edges will determine a point of intersection ( or infinity … maybe try another setup for your original points :) ) .
So each picture you draw determines 3 points in the plane ( or infinity ) .
When he was only 16 , Pascal showed that these three points are always colinear .
So , given 6 points on a conic , the process outlined above determines 60 lines , called Pascal Lines .
Mathworld has more on Pascal Lines , for the inquisitive , so it ’s probably about time to direct you over there and get on to this month ’s blog posts !
In honor of 60 being both a colossally abundant number and a superior highly composite number , I thought it fitting to include as many links as divisors of 60 .
I ended up with slightly more links than that , so here are ( more on ) groups of links from the previous month :
1 ) At the beginning of the month , Charles Siegel , at Rigorous Trivialities decided to parallel the National Novel Writing Month ( NaNoWriMo ) by introducing Math Blog Writing Month , MaBloWriMo .
After putting it to a vote , he wrote a series on intersection theory .
Also taking up MaBloWriMo were Akhil Mathew at Delta Epsilons , Qiaochu Yuan at Annoying Precision , Harrison Brown at Portrait of the Mathematician and , well , yours truly .
I found it to be a great experience , and hope next year brings many more authors .
If you like your daily math in bite - size fashion , and not just in MaBloWriMo , you might check out probfact on twitter for daily probability facts .
2 ) At approximately halfway through the month , Wednesday the 18th was determined to be the 150th birthday of the Riemann Hypothesis .
Plus Magazine and Math In The News both had articles .
3 ) Riemann ’s zeta function , the lead character in his hypothesis , is connected to primes by Euler ’s product formula .
If you are interested in the distribution of the primes , Matt Springer at Built on Facts has a post about the function Li(x ) , as part of his running Sunday Function series .
If natural number primes are n’t exciting enough for you , Rich Beveridge at Where The Arts Meet The Sciences has a post for you on Gaussian Primes .
4 ) It would hardly be a month of math posts without some puzzles :
If you prefer unsolved puzzles , Bill the Lizard has recently written posts about the Collatz Conjecture and the Perfect Cuboid Problem .
Alternatively , for some behind - the - scenes on the notoriously difficult Putnam exam ( and yet more puzzles ) , head over to Izabella ’s post at The Accidental Mathematician .
5 ) It ’ll take a while to get to the 3435th Carnival of Math , so I think I ’m not stepping on too many toes if I point you at Mike Croucher ’s quick post at Walking Randomly and Dan MacKinnon ’s slightly longer post at mathrecreation that talk about what makes 3435 interesting .
6 ) Brian , at bit - player , finds some interesting math in a collection of staples , as described in The birth of the giant component .
10 ) Fëanor at JOST A MON presents Accumulated Causes and Unknowable Effects , related to Pascal ’s Wager .
12 ) This month also saw some nice calculus posts .
Daniel Colquitt at General Musings describes the fascinating trumpet of Torricelli .
Kalid at BetterExplained asked Why Do We Need Limits and Infinitesimals ? and had A Friendly Chat About Whether 0.999 … = 1 .
15 ) Kareem at The Twofold Gaze points out that asking for a Best Proximate Value has two reasonable answers .
20 ) Plus Magazine had an article entitled Pandora ’s 3D Box , talking about a recently discovered fractal inspired by the Mandelbrot set .
30 ) Dave Richeson at Division By Zero reports on a case of mistaken identity in Legendre Who ?
60 ) Finally , Samuel at ACME Science discusses the fractured state of the current mathematics community , noting that Mathematics Really is Discrete .
This post was closely followed by Abstruse Goose ’s Landscape .
That ’s it for now .
Look for the next Carnival , Math Teachers at Play , in two weeks !
I apologize for any omissions or errors .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The computing world was different in the 1960's .
Computers were massive , expensive , and required full - time staff just to keep them running .
Product cycles were scheduled in years not months .
Tasks modern programming tools do in seconds took weeks .
And whenever a new computer model was developed , the operating system and all applications had to be developed from scratch .
Perhaps the most significant difference , however , was that despite the tremendous complexity of building computer systems in this manner , customers insisted that these systems work correctly .
Today , software vendors have conditioned us to believe that bugs are an inevitable part of software , but in the 1960 's a buggy operating system was properly considered to be a defective product .
Customers do not pay for defective products .
These software defects were costing IBM a great deal of money , and something had to be done .
Management noticed that certain software testers were 10 to 20 percent better at finding defects than their peers .
By putting these people on the same team , they reasoned , they could form a group that would be 10 or 20 percent more effective and then put the team to work testing the most critical system components .
It did n't turn out that way .
The individuals who made up the team were not exceptionally intelligent or talented , but they all enjoyed testing software and were better than average at it .
When these like minded individuals were assembled , they they spent their working hours , lunches and sometimes free time collaborating on how to better find software defects .
Soon the members of team were twice and then dozens of times more effective than their peers , and they began to view their jobs not as testing software , but as breaking software .
Team members took a well - deserved pride in their abilities and began to cultivate an image of villainous destroyers .
As a group , they began coming to work dressed in black and took to calling themselves " The Black Team . "
Now , IBM in the 60s was not exactly known fostering creativity in the workplace .
Corporate identity was bound up in dark - blue suits and starched white shirts .
Management , however , not only tolerated what was happening , but loved it .
Perhaps they felt some admiration for a group so passionate and dedicated , but the bottom line was that software quality was improving at a rapid rate .
Things soon began to get a little crazy .
Team members began to affect loud maniacal laughter whenever they discovered software defects .
Some individuals even grew long mustaches which they would twirl with melodramatic flair as they savaged a programmer 's code .
And the things they did to software went beyond all bounds of rational use testing and were more akin to software torture .
The crazier things got , the more effective the team became .
To be clear , the Black Team took all of this quite seriously , and there was nothing akin to camaraderie with the rest of the development team .
Programmers had a certain amount of respect for the Black Team , but by and large , they feared them .
A member of the Black Team was the last person a programmer wanted to see walking towards him , and more than one programmer was reduced to tears while having his code evaluated by the Black Team .
As much as the Black team was feared , engineers aspired to membership .
When one member left , the team itself would select another to replace him , and so team stayed in existence and retained much of its character and effectiveness long after all of the original members had departed .
Bryan and his staff are consummate professionals , through and through .
I was injured by a negligent commercial driver and treated with derision by his insurance carrier , but Bryan stepped up to the plate and advocated for me , ultimately forcing them to do the right thing .
The opposing side retained the services of a renowned , high - powered corporate law firm who did everything in their power to deny us even basic discovery .
Bryan was not intimidated in the least ; he pushed forward and prevailed .
All throughout the process , he remained composed and reassured me that justice would be done .
He was correct .
I could not be more pleased not only with the result , but the process .
Bryan was always accessible , he shared all pertinent information in a timely manner , and he listened to me and valued my input .
He and his staff were even considerate enough to make sure we could have my deposition at the height of the COVID - 19 pandemic ; they ensured that all social distancing protocols were followed and everyone wore a mask .
Car accidents are scary .
Dealing with insurance companies can be scary .
Dealing with Bryan and his staff is the opposite of scary .
I highly recommend him .
Tyrone Siu / Reuters
Even before his trip to China , President Obama showed deference to China ’s leaders by postponing a meeting with the Dalai Lama until after his trip .
During his visit , he did not meet with Chinese political activists and chose not to confront the Beijing government on human rights and its treatment of dissidents .
What effect will this muted approach have ?
Will it be more , or less , productive for getting the Chinese government to engage in a dialogue about human rights , or will it make any difference at all ?
Where Westerners Slip Up
Robert Barnett is the director of Modern Tibetan Studies at Columbia and the author of “ Lhasa : Streets with Memories ” and “ Tibetan Modernities . ”
President Obama ’s policy team inherited an America verging on moral and financial bankruptcy .
So their decision to try to restore America ’s standing and to establish a cooperative relationship with China was well - judged .
Obama is right to avoid hectoring , but needs to avoid concessions on the details .
But the challenge for Western powers , former or actual colonizers , is to convey criticism of another state without appearing to insult it .
Especially with China , any perceived bullying will be used to extract a concession before allowing cooperation on other issues .
Beijing ’s tactics on the Tibet issue are understandable and successful .
In 2007 it upgraded its position on meetings by foreign leaders with the Dalai Lama [ as ] to an attack on China ’s “ core interests . ”
Actually for foreign leaders such meetings with the Dalai Lama are symbolic , designed to impress their domestic voters .
But in the rush to avoid tensions with China , foreign leaders tend to make concessions scripted by Beijing , such as restating their acceptance of Chinese sovereignty over Tibet .
Read more …
Germany did this after Chancellor Merkel met the Dalai Lama in 2007 and France did it this spring after a token meeting between President Sarkozy and the Tibetan leader .
The British recognized China ’s sovereignty over Tibet for the first time in October 2008 , fearing pressure from China before even having scheduled any meeting with the Dalai Lama .
These concessions to Chinese sovereignty were treated as formulaic by the Western leaders but in fact were substantive in Chinese terms .
Amongst other things , the British concession has led to India being increasingly isolated in its position on its border with China , so that now India - Chinese relations are at their most tense in 20 years .
President Obama is right to improve relations with China but wrong to treat issues like Tibet , Xinjiang , the Falun Gong religious movement , political arrests or individual rights as marginal for China or its neighbors .
He is right to avoid hectoring , but needs to avoid concessions on the details , which often are important .
For example , when he mentioned Tibet , the other key issues should have been named too .
If he wanted to give a concession , a standard Chinese formulation should have been avoided .
If he wanted to recognize China ’s claim to Tibet , current terms would have been better than vague historic ones that cover eons .
He called for dialogue when he should have referred to “ substantive dialogue , ” stressing the outcome not the process .
So far , China appears better at the minutiae of international chess .
But the Obama team can be expected to get more adroit and constructive in these matters as its relationship with Beijing deepens and develops .
Oratory for Lawyers
Jeffrey N. Wasserstrom is a professor of history at University of California , Irvine , a co-founder of “ The China Beat ” blog , and editor of the Journal of Asian Studies .
He is the author of “ China in the 21st Century : What Everyone Needs to Know , ” which will be published in April .
Rather than speculate this early on the effectiveness of the Obama administration ’s approach , I ’d stress two things that any political leader hoping to pressure a foreign government on human rights issues should keep in mind .
Obama should have spoken about the rule of law , which the Chinese leaders themselves espouse .
First , it ’s important to make clear that , while proud of your country , you do n’t think it ’s perfect .
Second , criticisms are likely to be most effective , as I ’ve argued elsewhere in detail , if framed in terms of the foreign government ’s failure to live up to its own professed ideals , not yours .
I ’d give President Obama an “ A ” on point one , a “ C ” on point two .
He did well at the Shanghai Town Hall in dispelling the notion , prevalent abroad during the Bush years , that American leaders think themselves infallible .
And he appropriately stressed that some battles for human rights on the part of the United States will continue .
But he missed the opportunity to connect his celebration of universal values , such as full gender equality , to the history of the Chinese Revolution and to values China ’s current leaders espouse .
Read more …
He could have said that , just as he is proud that the first piece of legislation he signed was an equal pay for equal work one , Hu Jintao should take pride in leading a party that , when it took power in 1949 , immediately introduced a New Marriage Law that broke with tradition in placing husbands and wives on the same legal footing .
Further , President Obama could have stressed that our country owes a debt to crusading lawyers who played crucial roles in combating discrimination in the past , and we now honor those visionary leaders who strengthened and expanded the reach of the rule of law while in power — something that could happen just as easily in China .
Bold statements about the importance of the rule of law would be hard for the Chinese government to dismiss as a foreigner imposing his values , since the regime is officially committed to strengthening the legal system .
Such oratory would have given a special kind morale boost and recognition to brave Chinese lawyers like Xu Zhiyong , who take great risks to defend poor petitioners and other powerless groups against the government .
In light of Mr. Obama ’s legal background , it would have been a natural way for him to link general principles to personal convictions — something he often does so well .
Overly Cautious
Tom Malinowski is the Washington advocacy director for Human Rights Watch .
He has served as a special assistant to President Bill Clinton and a senior director for foreign policy speechwriting at the National Security Council .
No one can deny that Barack Obama spoke out for human rights while in China , but I wish he had done more .
He is the first president to challenge censorship of the Internet while on Chinese soil .
And he did something that George Bush , despite his vaunted “ freedom agenda , ” never did on his three visits to China : he raised Tibet and the Dalai Lama during a joint televised appearance with President Hu Jintao ( though urging only dialogue , not an end to repression ) .
Obama ’s timidity gives the Chinese confidence that they can resist the U.S. on other issues .
Yet the Chinese government may still conclude that an America indebted to China will be timid about pressing universal values .
President Obama spoke eloquently about the lessons of America ’s experience in building a free society , but shied away from relating those lessons to China ’s experience .
Indeed , his rhetoric was more cautious and hesitant than on his trips to Russia , Egypt and Africa .
To its credit , the White House tried to invite Chinese bloggers who have championed free speech to President Obama ’s town hall meeting in Shanghai , but when the Chinese government blocked their participation and refused to televise the event , there was no public protest .
Read more …
Conventional wisdom holds that pressing human rights in China helps dissidents , but hurts U.S. - China relations .
In fact , no one expected that in one trip , President Obama could significantly reduce Chinese repression .
But a more vigorous defense of human rights would have provided moral support for Chinese civil society while conveying to Chinese leaders that America remains a strong and self - assured country , even if it owes them money .
The truth is , timidity reinforces the perception in China that America is weakening , and increases Chinese leaders ’ confidence that they can resist the United States on other issues .
It may seem paradoxical , but standing up for human rights is now as vital to a healthy relationship with China as it is to the cause of political freedom .
Beyond Polite Political Language
Jerome A. Cohen is co-director of N.Y.U. Law School ’s U.S. - Asia Law Institute and adjunct Senior Fellow for Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations .
My favorite Chinese saying is “ everything requires a process ” ( xuyao yige guocheng ) .
The Chinese and American governments apparently share my enthusiasm , judging from their Joint Statement .
It says the two nations are committed to building a “ positive , collaborative and comprehensive ” relationship and establishes a framework and agenda for gradual progress on many complex issues .
Was any meaningful progress made in the confidential Obama - Hu talks ?
Some of these issues , broadly construed , concern one type of human right or other .
But “ human rights ” in the sense of political and civil rights , though included in the Joint Statement , received relatively short shrift .
The most notable reference is a blunt recognition that “ the United States and China have differences on the issue of human rights . ”
Still , the two sides reiterated their obligation to protect human rights consistent with international standards , and made a commitment to address the differences in the next round of official human rights dialogue in Washington D.C. by the end of February 2010 .
October 20 , 2009 | 9:02 pm
The average cost of solar photovoltaic power systems in the U.S. plunged more than 30 % from 1998 to 2008 , with a 4 % drop between 2007 and 2008 , according to a new report from the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory .
But a simultaneous drop in total after - tax incentives for photovoltaics from 2007 to 2008 resulted in a slight rise in net installed cost , according to the lab , which is run by the Department of Energy .
Overall net costs for residential solar systems were up 1 % in 2008 compared with the previous year , averaging $ 5.40 per watt .
Costs for commercial photovoltaics averaged $ 4.20 per watt , a 5 % increase from 2007 .
After - tax incentives for residential systems were at a historic low of $ 2.90 per watt in 2008 , while incentives for commercial photovoltaics were at $ 4 per watt , down slightly from the 2006 peak .
But excluding the incentives , installation costs dropped recently after a multi- year plateau due to the solar industry ’s expanded manufacturing capacity and the pressures of the financial crisis .
The early end of the decline , from 1998 through 2007 , was caused by shrinking costs of labor , marketing , overhead , etc .
The Berkeley Lab study considered 52,000 photovoltaic systems in 16 states .
The average cost of installation dropped from $ 10.80 per watt in 1998 to $ 7.50 per watt in 2008 , or a reduction of 3.6 % per year .
Small residential solar systems completed in 2008 , producing less than 2 kilowatts , cost an average of $ 9.20 per watt , while large commercial photovoltaics producing between 500 to 700 kilowatts averaged $ 6.50 per watt .
The cost of going solar varies widely across states .
For systems producing less than 10 kilowatts that were completed in 2008 , costs range from a low of $ 7.30 per watt in Arizona , to a high of $ 9.90 per watt in Pennsylvania and Ohio .
California ’s average is $ 8.20 per watt .
But the report suggests that costs could be driven even lower through large - scale implementation .
-- Tiffany Hsu
Interview with US Economic Recovery Advisory Board Chair Paul Volcker America Must ' Reassert Stability and Leadership '
Paul Volcker , 82 , is one of US President Barack Obama 's leading economic advisors .
SPIEGEL spoke with him about the economic challenges facing the US , whether new taxes are needed to address public debt and how America can return to a position of economic leadership .
I 've very pleased to announce that my work on Phonon to integrate support for PulseAudio has now been committed to trunk and will form part of KDE 4.4 \o /
There were a few teething problems due to some last minute merges I did ( which I clearly did n't test properly - my bad ) and which I then went on to mis-interpret which led me to commit two rather silly things in phonon ( a revert and then a revert of that revert ! ) .
What can I say ...
I need more caffeine obviously !
Update : PulseAudio 0.9.21 is now out and has all the necessary fixes to make the below patches unnecessary .
The slightly annoying news is that the support needed for this to work is not yet in a released version of PA .
I do however have a simple patch for you here , that distro packagers are welcome to stealliberate from the Mandriva SVN .
If you do this , you 'll also need to apply this minor patch to phonon :
diff -- git a/phonon/CMakeLists.txt b/phonon/CMakeLists.txt index c5ce57a..50a3851 100644 --- a/phonon/CMakeLists.txt +++ b/phonon/CMakeLists.txt @@ - 8,7 +8,6 @@ endif ( PHONON_BUILD_EXAMPLES ) add_subdirectory ( experimental ) - set ( PULSEAUDIO_MINIMUM_VERSION
" 0.9.21 " ) macro_optional_find_package(PulseAudio ) macro_log_feature ( PULSEAUDIO_FOUND
" PulseAudio " " A cross-platform , networked sound server . " " http://www.pulseaudio.org " FALSE " " " Allows audio playback via the PulseAudio soundserver when it is running " ) macro_optional_find_package( GLIB2 )
Just so that it recognises your PA build .
There do n't seem to be any specific bugs yet , although I am dealing with something relating to streams going AWOL with Xine , but I 'm not sure the problem is in this code .
Further testing and feedback is much appreciated .
Feel free to report problems to me directly or assign bugs to my kde ( at ) < this domain > account in b.k.o.
Have fun !
Cryptic ’s Craig Zinkievich has told the Associated Press that Star Trek Online will feature 20 ship bridges when the game launches February 2 , 2010 .
That ’s a lot better than none , which was the original launch plan .
“ We did n’t want to have interiors at launch , ” said Zinkievich .
“ We thought it was just a little bit too much .
We really wanted to make sure we delivered a really deep experience , but your bridge not being in the game , it really felt like a hole in the game , and it was just something that we had to put in . ”
The bridges will mostly function as social hubs where bridge captains and officers can hang out , and it turns out that the game is set 22 years after the events in the movie by J.J. Abrams .
“ It ’s familiar , but it ’s new , ” said Zinkievich .
“ We ’ve changed a few things and added a few things to the universe .
I think that ’s what keeps us from stepping on the hardcore Trekkies ’ toes .
“ The team is made up of ‘ Star Trek ’ fans and avid MMO fans , so if we can make a game that does n’t churn our stomach , then I think we can definitely satisfy the fans . ”
Full thing through the link .
Commentary ’s Jennifer Rubin notices :
A friend points out a little nugget of absurdity and political mendacity in the Pelosi health - care bill .
Remember Obama ’s effort to try a “ test ” for tort reform ?
( We do n’t actually need a test , since it has worked to lower medical malpractice coverage and help increase access to doctors in states that have tried it . )
Well , Pelosi ’s bill has an anti-tort - reform measure .
On pages 1431 - 1433 of the 1990 - page spellbinder , there is a financial incentive for states to try “ alternative medical liability laws . ”
But look — you do n’t get the incentive if you have a law that would “ limit attorneys ’ fees or impose caps on damages . ”
SAILSCAPE
All kinds of sailing and marine photos -- from windsurfing to tall ships , from daysailing to circumnavigating , to waterfront and travel shots .
Earlier this week we learned that the National Security Agency ( NSA ) has been working with Microsoft to improve the security measures of Windows 7 .
" Working in partnership with Microsoft and ( the Department of Defense ) , NSA leveraged our unique expertise and operational knowledge of system threats and vulnerabilities to enhance Microsoft 's operating system security guide without constraining the user 's ability to perform their everyday tasks , " said Richard Schaeffer , the NSA 's Information Assurance Director .
" All this was done in coordination with the product release , not months or years later in the product cycle . "
This cooperation by the two bodies led some to theorize that the NSA and Microsoft may have somehow built a backdoor into Windows 7 .
Marc Rotenberg , the executive director of the Electronics Privacy Information Center ( EPIC ) , expressed his concern as the NSA has an interest in surveillance as as a part of its efforts in security .
" The key problem is that NSA has a dual mission , COMPUSEC , computer security , now called cyber security , and SIGINT , signals intelligence , in other words surveillance , " Rotenberg said in an e-mail .
Microsoft quickly responded to such concerns .
" Microsoft has not and will not put ' backdoors ' into Windows , " a company spokeswoman said to Computerworld .
" The work being discussed here is purely in conjunction with our Security Compliance Management Toolkit . "
Of course , that 's the expected response and conspiracy theorists wo n't likely be set easy with just that statement .
" The key point is that the NSA is not the right agency to promote computer security in the private sector , " Rotenberg argued .
" The risks to end users are real -- the original NSA key escrow proposal , ' Clipper , ' was a terrible idea -- and there is too little transparency about these arrangements . "
Erowid Note : This FAQ was not authored by Erowid .
It may include out - of - date and / or incorrect information .
Please check the version date to see when it was most recently revised .
It appears on Erowid as part of our historical archives .
For current information , see Erowid 's summary pages in the substance 's main vault .
[ Erowid Note : The section of the FAQ on MAO Inhibitors contains some inaccuracies .
For more complete information about MAOIs , read Erowid 's MAOI Vault and seek other sources . ]
sedatives
tranquilizers
antihistamines
alcohol
amphetamines ( even diet pills )
mescaline
asarone
nutmeg
macromerine ephedrine
dill oil
parsley oil
wild fennel oil
cocoa
coffee ( or any substance that contains large amounts of caffeine )
aged cheeses
any tyrosine - containing food
any other MAO inhibitor
Family : Agaricaceae Genus : Psilocybe Species : baeocystis ( Potent Psilocybe ) caerulipes ( Blue Foot Psilocybe ) coprophila ( Dung- loving Psilocybe ) cubensis ( Common Large Psilocybe ) cyanescens ( Bluing Psilocybe ) pelliculosa ( Conifer Psilocybe ) semilanceata ( Liberty Cap ) stunzii ( Stunz 's Blue Legs )
~ From : honig@wave.ics.uci.edu ( David A. Honig ) ~ Subject : Re : mail order botanicals ~ Date : 11 Nov 91 22:00:34 GMT
Organization : UC Irvine Department of ICS
In article < 1991 Nov11.074643.2650@muddcs.claremont.edu > ebrandt@jarthur.claremont.edu ( Eli Brandt ) writes : >> anyone know the legality of fly agaric ?
anyone have any experience with >> it ? > > I'm sure it 's legal .
_ Merck 's_ sez that neither ibotenic acid and muscarine > were " controlled substances " ( what a * dumb * term ) as of ' 76 ; was there maybe >a " Toadstool Regulation Act " I missed ?
Anyway , you could call it " soma " and > have a real good case for religious use ... > > I do n't know what the dose would be .
The LD - 50 iv in mice for muscarine is > 0.23 mg/kg ; ibotenic acid is ( for mice / rats ) 15/42 iv and 38/129 oral .
I 'd >be careful with anything with such a wide difference in toxicity between > fairly similar species .
I vaguely recall that muscarine is only found in > the younger shrooms ; it looks like you 'd want to avoid them , unless it 's > also responsible for most of the interesting effects .
> >>ecni > > Eli ebrandt@jarthur.claremont.edu
I obtained some dried Amanita via an unnamed source .
They make you puke ( what else is new ) and go into a dreamy state .
Not " psychedelic " or terribly euphoric .
A friend ( who is a botanist ) has tried fresh ones , reports that they 're better .
IMHO , they 're not worth your time unless your into ethnopsychopharmacology .
-- David A. Honig
Family : Cactaceae
Genus : Gymnocalycium Species : gibbosum : Native to Argentina leeanum : Native to Argentina , Uruquay
Genus : Islaya Species : minor : Native to South Peru
Genus : Lophophora Species : diffusa ( Peyote ) : Native to Mexico williamsii ( Peyote , Mescal , Chaute etc. ) : the classic Peyote , grows in north central Mexico and south Texas .
Genus : Opuntia Species : imbricata : Native to S - W USA to Central Mexico .
spinosior : Native to Arizona , New Mexico , Northern Mexico .
Genus : Pelecyphora Species : aselliformis ( Peyotillo , Peyote meco ) : Native to San Luis Potosi , Mexico
Genus : Pereskia Species : corrugata tampicana : Native to Tampico , Mexico .
Genus : Pereskiopsis Species : scandens : Native to Yucatan , Mexico .
Genus : Stetsonia Species : coryne : Native to Northwestern Argentina .
Genus : Trichocereus Species : cuzcoensis : Native to Cuzco , Peru. fulvianus : Native to Chile .
macrogonus : Native to South America .
pachanoi ( San Pedro , Giganton ) : Native to Peru , Equador .
peruvianus ( Peruvian Fence Post ) : Native to Peru. scopulicola taquimbalensis : Native to Bolivia .
terscheckii ( Cardon grande ) : Native to Northwestern Argentina .
validus : Native to Bolivia .
werdermannianus : Native to Tupiza & Charcoma , Bolivia .
Description : Trichocerei are columnar , branched or candelabra like cacti , which usually grow very fast .
Cereus is a different genus , whose members have n't been found to contain mescaline .
Have you ever killed anyone ?
How many have you murdered ?
Have you eaten the flesh of man ?
Have you eaten peyote ?
Botanical name mescaline other alkaloids Genus species Lophophora williamsii ~ 1 % dry Ann , And , Ant , Annd , H , L , P , T Trichocereus peruvianus 0.8 % dry T pachanoi 0.1 % wet Annd , H , T bridgesii 0.1 % wet T validus 0.1 % wet macrogonus < 0.05 % wet T terschecki < 0.05 % wet Ann werdermann < 0.05 % wet T taquimbal < 0.05 % wet H cuzcoensis < 0.01 % wet T Stetsonia coryne < 0.01 % wet T Pelecyphora aselliformis 0.00002 %
And , H , P
Family : Compositae Genus : Lactuca Species : virosa
FROM THE NET : ~ From : ppennane@klaava.Helsinki.FI ( Petrus Pennanen ) ~ Subject : Re : lactucarium ~ Date : 8 Jul 91 20:24:16 GMT
Organization : University of Helsinki Ronald Siegel writes in _ Intoxication_ : " In each major category of intoxicant used by our species , there appear to be one or two drug plants that researchers have noted are more controllable , hence safer , than all the other plants or synthetics in that category . [...]
Among the narcotics , which include opium and its derivatives , there is lactucarium , the smokable extract derived from Lactuca Virosa . "
" Consider the case of lactucarium , which never caught on as a modern opium substitute because either so mild or so inconsistent in quality that people thought it was a fake .
Lactucarium smells like opium and tastes just as bitter .
When smoked or swallowed , it is so mildly intoxicating it remains legal .
There are no visions like the ones De Quincey had from eating opium , but the euphoria and dreamy intoxication last slightly longer .
Although lactucarium is structurally unrelated to the opiates , it will still soothe irritating cough , ease minor pains , and help induce sleep , hence its more common name of ' lettuce opium . '
The history of lettuce opium in America paralleled that of coca tea .
Both drugs enjoyed widespread medical use in nineteenth century and brief periods of experimental nonmedical use in more recent years .
In the mid-1970s , smokable extracts of lettuce opium were marketed throughout the United States under such brand names as L'Opium and Lettucene .
' Buy your lettuce before they make it illegal ! ' announced the national ads .
Hundreds of thousands did exactly that when the craze peaked in the late 1970s .
There was not a single case of toxicity or dependency .
But there was a lot of competition as different manufacturers rushed to get a share of the new market .
Most of these newer brands were made from ordinary garden lettuce , which lacked the intoxicating lactucarium .
Subsequently , sales fell , some suppliers of real lactucarium went out of business , and the fad all but disappeared .
While lactucarium is still available , heroin users are not rushing to buy it and probably never will : it 's simply too weak . "
Petrus Pennanen ppennane@kruuna.helsinki.fi
Family : Convolvulaceae Genus : Argyreia Species : nervosa
Family : Convolvulaceae Genus : Ipomoea Species : arborescens ( Quauhzahautl ) : tree grows to 15 ' high .
Native to Mexico. carnea ( fistolusa ) : bush with pink flowers native to Ecuador .
costata : native to australia .
leptophylia : wine colored flowers 3 " across .
Huge edible roots .
meulleri : native to australia .
murucoides : ( Pajaro bobo ) native to oaxca .
purpurea : native to mexico , common throughout N. America as an ornamental .
violacea ( Tlitliltzin ) : sacred Mayan morning glory .
Widely used for its psychoactive effects in the Heavenly blue , Pearly Gates , Flying Suacers and Wedding Bells strains .
thoroughly chew and swallow
grind and soak in water for 1/2 hour , strain and drink
sprout by soaking in water for 3 - 4 days ( change water often ) , after which the white mushy part is removed from the shell and eaten .
This is probably the best method for avoiding side effects , although I have I have reason to believe sprouting the seeds lessens their effectiveness .
Family : Acanthaceae Genus : Justicia Species : pectoralis ( var. stenophylla )
Family : Leguminosae Genus : Mimosa Species : tenuiflora ( == hostilis ) " tepescohuite " verrucosa
Family : Malpighiaceae Genus : Banisteriopsis Species : rusbyana argentea
Family : Myristicaceae Genus : Virola Species : calophylla calophylloidea rufula sebifera theiodora
Family : Rubiaceae Genus : Psychotria Species : viridis ( psychotriaefolia )
Family : Myristicaceae Genus : Myristica Species : fragrans
~ From : goldsman@cc.gatech.edu ( Michael G. Goldsman ) ~ Subject : Nutmeg Story ~ Date : 11 Aug 91 23:56:07 GMT
Organization : Georgia Institute of Technology Friday , a " friend " of mine decided to see what all the talk about nutmeg was all about ... here 's what happened ... 8:15 -- " he " took 1 tablespoon of ground nutmeg ... 9:15 -- " he " took 1 more tablespoon of ground nutmeg ...
11:15 -- " he " took still 1 more tablespoon of ground nutmeg ...
As of now , " he " did n't feel anything ... " He " got the beginnings of a buzz at about 12:30 which gradually increased in intensity ...
By 3 am or so , he compared it to moderate cannibis buzz
It peaked at at 5 am , and he then went to sleep .
The effects continued through saturday afternoon and night , though not as intense as late friday night ( or saturday morning technically ) .
By sunday morning , the effects were totally gone .
The main point is , that except for lots of drowsiness , my " friend " never suffered any of the ill effects that people have described ... ( such as nausea and headaches )
It was very comprable to a medium marijuana buzz .
There were no hallucinations , but maybe a larger dose is needed for this .
Next week my " friend " will go for 5 tablespons over the course of a few hours ..
Will he live to describe the experience ??
==================================
~ From : jeffty@sco.COM
( Jeffery Tye ) ~ Subject : Space paste !
( was Re : nutmeg as a hallucinogen ) ~ Date : Sat , 29 Jun 91 01:59:09 GMT
Organization : The Scantily Clad Orangutans , Inc. ' Space Paste ' heart chakra , but it 's a legal high that will get you pleasantly buzzed .
:-)
DON NOT OMIT ANY INGREDIENTS .
Trust me .
4 parts nutmeg ( ground from whole nutmeg ) 4 parts almonds ( soak almonds overnight and rinse ) 4 parts * raw * pistachios 2 parts cinnamon 1 part cumin 1 part tarragon 1 part oregano 1 part basil 1 part tumeric 1 / 2 part cayenne pepper 1 /2 part black pepper To taste : Maple Syrup
One part equals 1 /4 cup .
[ if you want to make enough for about 500 people , that is .
Try 1 part=1 tablespoon -- ed ] -
Use only whole nutmeg .
Not pre-ground .
- Grind up all ingredients with a spice grinder or food processor .
- Mix in Maple syrup until consistency of paste . -
Do not omit any ingredient , or it will NOT work .
Okay , you 've gone this far , time to enjoy .
The strong at heart will spread some on toast .
I like it blended in milk .
It has a real strong taste , so it 's best to put it in the milk , fire up the blender , pour it into a glass and chug it down in one gulp .
Start with two tablespoons .
Effects begin in two hours .
I 've known brave souls who take a cup at a time .
Maybe that 's why they disappear for a couple of days .
=================================
~ Date : Wed , 2 Oct 91 09:57:26 MDT
~ From : ~ Subject : More on Nutmeg Story Begin forwarded message :
Well , I am recovering from a horrible experience .
Tuesday night about 10:30 pm , I took 5 tablespoons of Nutmeg .
I am still hungover , almost 2 days later .
I got the initial stimulation , euphoria , but not much more than what one gets around 2 tablespoons .
That was fine and dandy .
I fell asleep at about 1:30 am , with nothing psychedelic occurring yet .
I woke up at 3 am spinning , like I was drunk .
I awoke again at 9 am , and got out of bed .
I had to : thirsty as hell , no saliva .
I had wicked troubles walking , far too dizzy and - out - of - it - .
Just like I had no control over my body .
Also , any movement that I did make nauseated me .
By 9:30 I had my drink of water , and I collapsed on the kitchen floor , sleeping until noon .
I thought that I would have something to eat , at that time , but was far too dizzy still to do anything .
By this time I was in a panic , thinking that I had comitted suicide , etc.etc .
My body felt like it was melding with the floor ; I also felt that my whole body was made of vomit .
Quite odd .
I crawled ( literally ) up to bed again and slept like a stone until 6 pm .
I managed to eat some stuff .
I could stand for 30 seconds at a time , by this time .
I watched a movie , dozing on and off .
I looked at myself in a mirror : horrible sight , very red sunken eyes etc.etc .
Went to bed and awoke this morning at 11:30 am .
Awoke with something like a horrible hangover .
I feel like I have had a wicked flu yesterday and today .
Besides some odd physical sensations and perceptions , even this dosage was not overtly hallucinogenic .
I did not experience any colour / visual perception changes this time , like at the lower dosage .
Perhaps I was just too sleepy to notice .
This experience was just downright gross .
I think I have given up experimenting with Nutmeg ( and Mace ) [ even though I really like the taste of the stuff .
Some people complain they can't get the stuff down --- they must not be using fresh stuff ] .
It was really an offputting experience .
Tonight , I think I am just going to hunt down something illegal but safer .
Family : Rubiaceae Genus : Corynanthe Species : yohimbe
Interaction precautions : MAO inhibitor .
Active Constituents : Yohimbine , yohimbiline , ajmaline .
( Note that yohimBE is the plant ; yohimBINE is one of the chemical principles found in the plant . )
FROM THE NET :
~ From : dyer@spdcc.COM
( Steve Dyer ) ~ Subject : Re : Yohimbine bark ~ Date : 18 Jul 91 02:17:32 GMT
Organization : S.P. Dyer Computer Consulting , Cambridge MA Ecni Asked : > Anyone care to enlighten us yohimbine - illiterate readers what yohimbine > bark is and what it does ?
Yohimbine is the primary alkaloid found in yohimbine bark .
It is an alpha - 2 - adrenergic antagonist .
It blocks presynaptic inhibitory synapses , meaning that it tends to increase central and peripheral adrenergic activity .
It tends to cause nervousness and increases blood pressure .
It also seems to be effective in some cases of impotence .
Steve Dyer dyer@ursa-major.spdcc.com aka {ima , harvard , rayssd , linus , m2c}!spdcc!dyer dyer@arktouros.mit.edu DATURA
Family : Solanaceae Genus : Datura Species : fastuosa : large shrub with white flowers inoxia ( Don Juan 's Datura ) : native to mexico metel : native to India .
sanguinea ( Eagle Datura , Tonga ) : Native to S. America .
stramonium ( Jimson Weed ) : Dangerous hallucinogen widespread in temperate regions .
Other species : tatula , brugmansia , candida , suaveolens , arborea , aurea , dolichocarpa , vulcanicola , discolor
Usage :
Leaves are sometimes smoked .
Small amount of seed can be pulverized and added to drinks as in the Algonquin ritual .
Effects :
described as " delerium " .
Leaves are hallucinogenic and hypnotic .
Seeds cause mental confusion and delirium followed by deep sleep with colorful hallucinations .
Excessive amounts are toxic .
May cause blacking out and severe headaches .
Yaqui indian brujos say it causes insanity .
THIS SUBSTANCE IS GENERALLY CONSIDERED DANGEROUS .
History :
discolor ( Desert Thornapple ) : used by hopi shamans for divination .
inoxia : " Don Juan 's Datura " is used in it 's native mexico by Yaqui bruhos for divination
metel : Used by the Thuggee cult in it 's native India to drug sacrificial victims to Kali .
sanguinea ( Eagle Datura , Tonga ) : Used by Aztecs in the Temple of the Sun. Peruvian natives believe it allows them to communicate with departed souls .
stramonium ( Jimson Weed ) : Dangerous hallucinogen widespread in temperate regions .
Used by Algonquins in ritual drink called " Wysoccan " to introduce boys to manhood .
Active Constituents :
Scopolamine , atropine , hyoscyamine and other tropanes .
" Hyoscyamine and scopolamine possess specific anticholinergic , antispasmodic activity and elicit some central nervous effects as well .
These effects usually consist of stimulation at low doses , depression in higher toxic doses .
...
Intoxication with atropine or hyoscyamine is characterized by psychic excitation often combined with panic and hallucination .
Scopolamine was found to produce a state of excitement followed by a kind of narcosis in which , in the transition state between consciousness and sleep , hallucinations sometimes occur ( Heimann , 1952 ) .
These effects explain the addition of belladonna and other solanaceous plants as ingredients of magic brews in medieval Europe and of sacred medicines by the Indians of Mexico and South America . "
( Schultes and Hofmann , 1980 )
NOTE :
Family Solanaceae is the potato family ( did you know potatoes have a lower LD50 than marijuana ?
It 's true ) .
Many members of this family contain tropanes and have a history of ritualistic use .
Other commonly - used members are the Mandrake ( Mandragora officinarum ) , Belladonna ( a.k.a. deadly nightshade ) ( Atropa belladonna ) , Thornapple ( Datura inoxia ) , Henbane ( Hyoscyamus niger ) , and Iochroma .
All these substances will be covered in more detail in a future version of this faq .
Kuthmithi ( Withania somnifera ) is one member of the Potato family that does not appear to contain active amounts of tropanes and is generally considered safe for use as a sedative .
FROM THE NET :
~ From : geraldb@tau-ceti.isc-br.com ( Gerald Bryan ( Denver ) ) ~ Subject : Re : Shrooms , Datura etc ~ Date : 29 Aug 91 16:43:51 GMT
In article < 7cPg81w164w@sideways.welly.gen.nz > fiend@sideways.welly.gen.nz
( Fie nd ) writes : >
How many people have lasting physical damage from Datura ?
I know one person who has used Datura .
She was an experienced drug user at the time .
She said it gave her tremendous visions , but it took her a year before she felt that her eyesight was back to normal .
She only used it once .
Two years ago , there was a story in the local paper about some college students in Boulder who walked buck naked into a police station , totally out of it .
They had apparently consumed some datura ( on purpose ) up in the mountains .
===============================
~ From : marsthom@coriolis.UUCP
( marsthom ) ~ Subject : BADUNGA & MORNING GLORY SEEDS ~ Date : 25 Sep 91 21:32:50 GMT
Organization : Albedo Communications
I ran across this citation while doing a computer search : ARDILA A ; MORENO C Scopolamine intoxication as a model of transient global amnesia .
Brain Cogn .
1991 Mar ; 15 ( 2 ) : 236-45
In Colombia ( South America ) during recent decades the administration of scopolamine , extracted from plants belonging to the Datura or Brugmansia genus , has become an important neurologic and toxicologic phenomenon .
These extracts have been popularly known as " Burundanga . "
Chemical characteristics and clinical features of scopolamine intoxication are described .
Anterograde amnesia and submissive behavior found in patients intoxicated with scopolamine are analyzed .
Burundanga intoxication is related to other toxic phenomena found in different countries and similitudes with transient global amnesia are emphasized .
Datura seeds look like brownish hot - pepper or tomato seeds .
They are flat or lens - like disks , about 1/8 inch in diameter , with an irregular bulge where the stem - scar is .
The intoxication from Datura and other plants in that same group ( the Nightshade family , " Solanaceae " ) is more of a delirium than a psychedelic experience .
The intoxication resembles that of a strong dose of Mandrake tea , for instance .
Other symptoms would be a dry mouth , a wierd floaty feeling , and muddled thinking .
The active substances in Datura - like plants are also quite toxic and have been fatal on occasion .
-----------------------------------
~From : ebrandt@jarthur.claremont.edu ( Eli Brandt ) ~ Subject : Re : datura seeds ...
~ Date : 30 Sep 91 21:41:48 GMT
Organization : Harvey Mudd College , Claremont , CA 91711 _ The_Botany_and_Chemistry_of_Hallucinogens_ , Schultes and Hofmann , sez that : {\it Datura metel} 's seeds have a total alkaloid content of 0.2 to 0.5 percent , mostly scopolamine .
More relevantly , D. inoxia is similar in alkaloid content to D. metel .
You could look up the ED and LD for scopolamine and calculate the appropriate mass of seeds .
You might want to assume the alkaloid content to be significantly higher than 0.5 % , just to have a decent margin .
Remember , the LD takes precedence over the ED . :-}
I take no responsibility for any gruesome death which may be caused by the above information .
Eli Brandt ebrandt@jarthur.claremont.edu
From Conservapedia
See also Counterexamples to global warming
Graph showing temperature connections between solar activity and volcanic eruptions , against a backdrop of historical events .
Anthropogenic global warming ( AGW ) is a liberal theory suggesting that human activity is causing the Earth to warm .
The theory posits that greenhouse gases , including carbon dioxide , methane , nitrous oxide , and water vapor , trap solar warmth on the planet .
Computer models suggest that industrial and vehicular emissions could lead to catastrophic warming .
Leftists use this theory as a basis to propose cuts in energy production and consumption and to promote de-industrialization .
( See : Atheism and climate change policies ) .
This hoax is also used as way to sue energy companies for billions of dollars , which has hurt the value of those companies and their workers .
The rate of warming predicted by AGW is far higher than what has been observed so far .
Based on an average of 102 climate models , the UN's Intergovernment Panel of Climate Change ( IPCC ) predicts that the lower troposphere should be warming at a rate of 3.1 degrees per century .
[ 1 ]
Satellite data shows that the lower troposphere warmed at a rate of 1.3 degrees per century between 1978 and 2019 . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Weather balloon data shows a warming trend of 1.6 degrees per century between 1958 and 2018 . [ 4 ]
An analysis of weather station data by U.S. climate researcher Roy Spencer shows no significant warming since 1943 .
Unlike the official weather station record , Spencer 's data includes only those stations that recorded temperature at a consistent time of day .
[ 5 ]
The heating predicted by AGW but not detected in the temperature record is sometimes said to be accumulating in the oceans .
But a study by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography found that ocean temperature has risen by only 0.1 degree Celsius in the last fifty years . [ 6 ]
The theory that " greenhouse gases " have a greater warming effect than other gases goes back to the 19th century .
The idea that carbon dioxide emissions might lead to catastrophic warming was introduced by Carl Sagan in the 1960s .
He was inspired by research on the atmosphere of Venus .
Around 1978 , the environmental movement decided to promote Sagan 's theory .
The movement was already advocating energy conservation and renewables as a response to the " energy crisis . "
That is to say , a desired political outcome was agreed upon and then a " scientific " justification was developed .
Difficulties with the theory
Carbon dioxide is insignificant as a greenhouse gas .
The level of CO 2 in the Earth 's atmosphere is only 400 parts per million .
Ninety to 95 percent of the greenhouse effect is due to water vapor . [ 7 ]
The IPCC claims that water vapor acts as a " positive feedback , " i.e. warming creates more humidity , which leads to additional warming .
There are humidity measurements going back to 1948 , and they show no upward trend .
[ 8 ]
More humidity could lead to more clouds and therefore to cooling and to negative feedback .
So why assume positive feedback ?
AGW works only if water vapor is a positive feedback , so that is what the IPCC must claim .
Although Obama has denounced elevated carbon dioxide levels as " carbon pollution , " greenhouse operators commonly increase the level of CO 2 to 1,000 ppm or more to enhance plant growth . [ 9 ]
[ 10 ]
A composite map of Antarctica showing areas of greatest warming in red .
The Wilkins Ice Shelf lies off the peninsula in the top left corner , and shows extensive warming .
Overall , Antarctica shows little warming , and many areas to the East ( right ) are almost cooling .
The Earth has warmed or cooled many times .
Historically , warm periods are associated with favorable climate .
The Roman Warm Period ( 250 BC to 180 AD ) featured temperatures comparable to those of modern times .
This was followed by the Dark Ages Cold Period ( 450-950 AD ) . [ 11 ]
The Medieval Warm Period was even warmer than the Roman period and lasted from 950 to 1300 . [ 12 ]
From the 14th century to the early 19th century , there was a Little Ice Age . [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ]
The Roman Warm Period ( 250 BC to 180 AD ) featured temperatures comparable to those of modern times .
This was followed by the Dark Ages Cold Period ( 450-950 AD ) .
The Medieval Warm Period was even warmer than the Roman period and lasted from 950 to 1300 .
From the 14th century to the early 19th century , there was a Little Ice Age .
For leftists , the attraction of the theory is that it supports their agenda .
The environmentalist agenda of renewables , solar energy , conservation , and world government was put together in the 1970s in response to the energy crisis and to the overpopulation scare .
At that time , most scientists thought the Earth was cooling . [ 16 ] [ 17 ]
When AGW came along , it was treated as an additional justification for this agenda .
Steven Schneider , founding father of the AGW movement , was a global cooling believer in the early 1970s .
" We have to offer up scary scenarios , make simplified , dramatic statements , and make little mention of any doubts we might have , " he explained . [ 18 ]
To Schneider , global cooling and global warming were just two " scary senarios . "
He could offer up whichever one was expedient .
The environmentalist agenda of renewables , solar energy , conservation , and world government was put together in the 1970s in response to the energy crisis and to the overpopulation scare .
At that time , most scientists thought the Earth was cooling .
When AGW came along , it was treated as an additional justification for this agenda .
Steven Schneider , founding father of the AGW movement , was a global cooling believer in the early 1970s .
" We have to offer up scary scenarios , make simplified , dramatic statements , and make little mention of any doubts we might have , " he explained .
To Schneider , global cooling and global warming were just two " scary senarios . "
He could offer up whichever one was expedient .
Carbon dioxide can be absorbed by promoting plant growth , an angle overlooked by the mainstream media .
In fact , the increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has already resulted in an increase in plant growth .
If that 's not enough , iron filings can be dumped at sea to encourage the growth of marine plants . [ 19 ]
Freeman Dyson , America 's top physicist , has suggested genetically engineering trees to absorb more carbon . [ 20 ]
In fact , the increase in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has already resulted in an increase in plant growth .
If that 's not enough , iron filings can be dumped at sea to encourage the growth of marine plants .
Freeman Dyson , America 's top physicist , has suggested genetically engineering trees to absorb more carbon .
If the science were in fact settled , we would see less outrage at " deniers " and greater concern for scientific integrity .
One climate science scandal after another has been exposed .
The Climategate emails show hoaxers scurrying to " hide the decline . " [ 21 ]
The " hockey stick " view of climate history , which holds that global temperature was constant for 2,000 years and then surged in the last century , has been repeatedly debunked . [ 22 ]
No one 's reputation is tarnished by these bloopers , no one pays any price .
The first response of AGW backers is name calling and attempts to shut down the discussion .
Argument is a last resort . [ 23 ]
The logical explanation is that they already know AGW is a hoax , and they do n't care .
History
The greenhouse effect was proposed by Joseph Fourier in 1827 .
Swedish scientist Svante Arrhenius is sometimes considered the father of global warming theory because of a paper he published in 1896 on the effect of carbon dioxide emissions .
Arrhenius thought of global warming as a positive thing .
The idea that carbon dioxide emissions might lead to catastrophe comes from research on the Venusian atmosphere in the 1960s by Karl Sagan and other NASA scientists .
In the 1970s , global cooling theories were more prominent than global warming theories .
Even Steven Schneider , later a promoter of global warming , published a paper on global cooling .
As a result of the energy crisis of the 1970s , the environmentalist movement adopted an agenda of conservation and renewable energy .
With global warming as its flagship theory , the movement could continue promoting its 1970s agenda long after the original justifications for it had disappeared .
Schneider offered up " scary scenarios , " as he called them , to promote the theory .
Origin
In 1827 , French scientist Joseph Fourier suggested that although the atmosphere allowed sunlight to pass through to warm the Earth , it blocked " dark heat " ( infrared radiation ) from the Earth and thus prevented energy from being transferred back into space . [ 24 ]
Fourier did make an unfortunate analogy between the Earth 's atmosphere and a space enclosed by glass .
All the same , it may not be fair to blame Fourier for the greenhouse effect meme .
He also discussed convection as an alternative explanation and , as a good scientist , recommended an experiment to resolve the issue .
In 1861 , Irish scientist John Tyndall measured the absorption of radiant energy by various gases in the atmosphere .
He concluded that water vapor was the gas primarily responsible .
It could therefore be considered the warming agent that Fourier hypothesized .
Tyndall suggested that changes in humidity could bring about climate change .
The AGW theory was first presented in 1896 in an article by Swedish scientist Svante Arrhenius .
Arrhenius predicted that a doubling of CO 2 in the atmosphere due to fossil fuel burning would lead to a temperature increase of 3 to 4 °C ( about 5 to 7 °F ) after 500 years .
Arrhenius attributes his misunderstanding of the science to Fourier : " Fourier maintained that the atmosphere acts like the glass of a hothouse . " [ 25 ]
The use of the Swedish word drivbänk ( hothouse ) by Arrhenius and his colleagues is likely to be the origin of the phrase " greenhouse effect . "
This phrase is first recorded in English in 1907 . [ 26 ]
The skeptics strike back
Arrhenius ignored water vapor in his calculations , leading him to overestimate the effect of CO 2 by 96 percent , as Knut Ångström observed in 1901 . [ 27 ]
More controversially , Ångström questioned whether CO 2 could act as a greenhouse gas at all .
He took a tube of carbon dioxide , shined black - body radiation on it , and varied the pressure on the gas .
Increasing the pressure led to only a slight increase in absorption .
He concluded that radiation absorption by CO 2 is already nearly saturated , so the emission of additional gas into the atmosphere would have little effect .
Ångström thus became " the first denier . "
Nils Ekholm , an associate of Arrhenius , had an answer to Ångström 's point about saturation . [ 28 ]
Ångström 's tube was saturated because it was at ground level .
High enough in the atmosphere , there must be an unsaturated layer of carbon dioxide capable of absorbing radiation .
The greater the density of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere , the lower this layer would be .
A lower layer would retransmit more radiation to the lower atmosphere and would therefore be responsible for greater warming .
Ekholm 's insight was lost on his fellow scientists .
It was not rediscovered until the 1960s . [ 29 ]
As for Ångström 's point concerning water vapor , Arrhenius insisted that CO 2 rose higher in the atmosphere than water vapor could , so water vapor was not relevant .
This argument never caught on .
The idea that adding CO 2 would change the climate , " was never widely accepted and was abandoned when it was found that all the long - wave radiation [ that would be ] absorbed by CO 2 is [ already ] absorbed by water vapor , " the American Meteorological Society concluded in 1951 . [ 30 ]
Despite Ångström 's debunking of his theory , Arrhenius won the Nobel prize for chemistry in 1903 for unrelated research .
The Ångströms , meanwhile , are remembered for a miniscule unit of length named after Anders Ångström , Knut 's dad .
Disproving the greenhouse effect
Finally performing the experiment Fourier had recommended a century earlier , Robert Wood showed in 1909 that energy is transferred from the Earth 's surface to the atmosphere primarily through convection currents .
In Wood 's experiment , the temperature in a glass box was compared to that in a box with a top made of halite ( rock salt ) .
Halite allows sunlight to enter , but blocks infrared .
Infrared re-radiation and the greenhouse effect play " a very small part , " both in the atmosphere and in literal greenhouses , Wood concluded . [ 31 ]
A greenhouse is warmer than the air outside because the roof limits convection and the walls restrict wind .
" The acquired heat is concentrated , because it is not dissipated immediately by renewing the air , " as Fourier himself explained . [ 24 ]
From 1909 until the 1960s , only a few additional papers on AGW were published .
Research went forward as the lonely project of English scientist Guy Callendar .
Callendar collected historical temperature readings and CO 2 measurements and published the results in 1938 . [ 32 ]
Sagan and Venus
In 1932 , Venus was shown to have an atmosphere of carbon dioxide . [ 33 ]
This finding prompted astronomer Rupert Wildt to propose in 1940 that a greenhouse effect operated on the planet .
Radio telescope observations in 1958 showed that the temperature of Venus was even higher than Wildt 's theory could explain .
Astronomer Carl Sagan proposed in 1960 that the planet had a “ very efficient greenhouse effect , ” or runaway greenhouse as it later came to be called . [ 34 ] [ 35 ]
The Mariner 2 mission in 1962 measured the temperature of Venus as 500 degrees Celsius .
The planet that had been considered " Earth 's twin " just a few years earlier was revealed as a sulfurous vision of hell .
Mariner 's findings were sensational because they had been predicted by Immanuel Velikovsky in Worlds in Collision ( 1950 ) , which argues that Venus was ejected from Jupiter in mythological times .
The scientific community had denounced Velikovsky and his theory in the strongest terms , and Sagan emerged as its champion .
Sagan and Velikovsky faced off at a dramatic conference in San Francisco in 1974 . [ 36 ]
By portraying carbon dioxide as a doomsday chemical , Sagan put a radically new spin on the issue .
Both Arrhenius and Callendar had assumed that greenhouse warming would be beneficial .
With Rachel Carson 's Silent Spring ( 1962 ) , Paul R. Ehrlich 's The Population Bomb ( 1968 ) , and the Club of Rome 's The Limits to Growth ( 1972 ) , this was an era when the reading public had an enormous appetite for spurious theories concerning human - initiated global catastrophe .
While the Venus discoveries ignited a burst of interest in AGW , they did nothing to shore up its scientific merits .
In 1971 , Russian climatologist Mikhail Budyko gave a speech to a large international conference in Leningrad in which he presented an alarmist AGW scenario .
Reaction was strongly negative .
It was clear that AGW was very much a minority opinion among scientists at this time .
A quick look at Venus reveals that the atmosphere is opaque due to globe - spanning sulfur dioxide clouds .
These clouds are 30 to 40 km thick .
No sunlight reaches the surface . [ 37 ]
It follows that the planet has no greenhouse effect whatsoever .
In a runaway greenhouse , the greenhouse effect vaporizes additional water , which in turn increases the greenhouse effect .
This leads to even more water vaporization and so on in a cycle of positive feedback .
Venus has very little water of any kind , so Sagan 's runaway greenhouse is not possible . [ 38 ]
Whatever the chemistry of the Venusian atmosphere , water vapor absorbs a wider spectrum of radiation than carbon dioxide does and remains the primary greenhouse gas in the terrestrial atmosphere , as Tyndall showed long ago .
Venus research proved to be an incubator for AGW showboaters .
James “ Boiling Oceans ” Hansen , who emerged as the public face of AGW in the late 1980s , was a NASA Venus researcher in the 1960s .
Overlooking Hansen 's history of following one kook theory after another , the mainstream media treated his talk of " runaway greenhouse " and " Venus syndrome " as serious science . [ 39 ]
Hansen 's claim that continued CO 2 emissions will trigger a runaway greenhouse on Earth is unlikely in view of the Earth 's recovery after the Paleocene - Eocene Thermal Maximum ( PETM ) , a huge natural spike in CO 2 that occurred 55.5 million years ago . [ 40 ]
During PETM , the carbon dioxide level in the atmosphere increased by about 700 ppm over 20,000 years and the planet warmed by 5 –8 degrees Celsius . [ 41 ]
Plant growth accelerated and there was a return to pre-PETM conditions after 200,000 years . [ 42 ]
Although this event is sometimes presented as confirmation of the greenhouse concept , warming preceded the CO 2 spike by about 3,000 years [ 43 ] and may have been initiated by a comet impact . [ 44 ]
From cooling to warming
Despite Venus - related attention , AGW was overshadowed by a cooling scare in the 1970s .
Steven Schneider , who later emerged as a key player in AGW politics , confidently predicted more cooling in 1971 :
“ [ I ] t is projected that man 's potential to pollute will increase six - to eightfold in the next 50 years .
If this increased rate of injection of particulate matter in the atmosphere should raise the present background opacity by a factor of 4 , our calculations suggest a decrease in global temperature by as much as 3.5 °K .
Such a large decrease in the average temperature of Earth , sustained over a period of few years , is believed to be sufficient to trigger an ice age .
However , by that time , nuclear power may have largely replaced fossil fuels as a means of energy production . [ 45 ] ”
By the late 1970s , the cooling scare had tapered off and Schneider was actively promoting AGW .
The energy crisis , which began in 1973 , put energy policy in the center of the political debate .
In response , the left adopted a platform of conservation , renewables , and solar energy .
Schneider and others noticed that AGW provided an additional justification for this platform .
By the late 1980s , Schneider and his fellow activists had transformed global warming from a fringe concern to a central political issue .
He explained how in a 1989 interview :
“ And like most people we ’d like to see the world a better place , which in this context translates into our working to reduce the risk of potentially disastrous climate change .
To do that we need to get some broad based support , to capture the public ’s imagination .
That , of course , means getting loads of media coverage .
So we have to offer up scary scenarios , make simplified , dramatic statements , and make little mention of any doubts we might have .
This “ double ethical bind ” we frequently find ourselves in cannot be solved by any formula .
Each of us has to decide what the right balance is between being effective and being honest .
I hope that means being both . [ 46 ] ”
After Schneider abandoned his global cooling hobbyhorse and got on the global warming bandwagon , he never looked back .
He was all about offering up " scary scenarios " in order to get " loads of media coverage . "
He had hoped to be honest , but , let 's face it , nobody 's perfect .
Since he presents himself here as the high priest of climate science , it should be noted that Schneider 's Ph.D. is in mechanical engineering .
The IPCC
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change , a UN agency that reports on climate science , was founded in 1988 .
IPCC reports are often cited as the gold standard of science in this field , proof that AGW is " settled science . "
But few journalists read the report itself .
Instead , they rely on the " Executive Summary " or " Summary for Policymakers . "
This document is written , not by scientists , but by UN bureaucrats under the supervision of Rajendra Pachauri , the Indian railway economist who heads the IPCC .
The Climategate II emails reveal that the summary is written first then material is added to the various chapters to support it . [ 47 ]
This procedure makes a farce of the IPCC 's stated mission , which is to review the published literature so as to determine the scientific consensus .
As for the main report , this is put together carelessly , according George Filippo : " I feel rather unconfortable about using not only unpublished but also unreviewed material as the backbone of our conclusions ( or any conclusions ) .... IPCC is not any more an assessment of published science ( which is its proclaimed goal ) but production of results .... I feel that at this point there are very little rules and almost anything goes . "
Filippo was a vice chair of the group from 2002 to 2008 and has contributed to all five IPCC reports . [ 48 ]
Climategate
The AGW industry was exposed as a hoax by the release of the " Climategate " emails in 2009 .
The Climate Research Unit of East Anglia University in Britain prepared 156 megaybytes of email by their researchers for release under the Freedom of Information Act .
This database was somehow leaked , either prematurely or by a whistleblower after the institution had second thoughts .
In the most notorious message , Phil Jones , director of the unit , wrote , " I 've just completed Mike 's Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years ( ie from 1981 onwards ) amd from 1961 for Keith 's to hide the decline . " [ 21 ]
This should not be understood to mean that real temperature was declining , but rather that the researchers were attempting to cover up flaws in their tree - ring based data set .
The graph in question was a version of the famous " hockey stick " that shows global temperature constant for 2,000 years , followed by a dramatic warming in the last century .
Nature is considered one of the most authoritative science journals .
So this quote suggests that a chart prepared for the magazine was faked with the approval of Jones as supervisor .
An email by CRU researcher Tim Osborn clarifies what the Nature trick was : " Also we have applied a completely artificial adjustment to the data after 1960 , so they look closer to observed temperatures than the tree - ring data actually were . " [ 49 ]
What 's wrong with using tree ring data to created a climate record ?
The CRU researchers assumed that a tree grows faster when it 's warmer .
But rainfall has a stronger influence on tree growth than temperature does .
Temperature is correlated to tree growth only in the sense that it tends to rain more in warm eras .
Critics call the CRU 's approach the " tree - o - meter " theory . [ 50 ]
In another Climategate email , Jones enthusiastically demands that the IPCC review process be rigged : " I can't see either of these papers being in the next IPCC report .
Kevin and I will keep them out somehow - even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is ! "
Jones also admitted that the reason he claims the Earth is warming is political : " The scientific community would come down on me in no uncertain terms if I said the world had cooled from 1998 .
Okay it has but it is only seven years of data and it is n't statistically significant . " [ 51 ]
Jones is ignoring the fact that 1998 was an unusually warm year due to an El Niño event .
All the same , it 's clear that he runs the CRU to produce made - to - order results rather than as a scientist .
The temperature record
Global temperatures are tracked by three methods : satellites , weather balloons , and weather stations .
All three methods confirm a modest amount of warming in recent decades .
Satellite data shows a warming trend of 0.11 K / decade for 1978 to 2015 . [ 52 ]
Weather balloon data shows a warming trend of 0.18 K / decade for 1970 to 2015 . [ 53 ]
A reanalysis of weather station data for 1943 to 2012 by Roy Spencer shows that after a cooler period in the 1960s and 1970s , U.S. temperatures returned to their earlier level .
Unlike CRU , NASA , and NOAA , Spencer corrects for the fact that at most stations measurement time of day has changed over the years .
[ 5 ]
So Spencer 's analysis implies that the warmest year on record was 1934 , the warmest year of the 1930s , not 2016 as the climate establishment maintains .
Spencer is a prominent skeptic and a professor at the University of Alabama in Huntsville .
He maintains the UAH record , one of the two major satellite temperature records .
As an active researcher at the center of the climate science community , Spencer is a standing rebuke to the claim that AGW represents the scientific consensus . [ 54 ]
The temperature records preferred by the climate establishment were built up over many years and include numerous gaps , bugs , incompatible coding , and other errors .
The problems of the CRU data set are memorably documented in the " Harry read me " file , part of the Climategate trove .
According to this file , the premier global temperature record contains , " botch after botch after botch . " [ 55 ]
AGW is hardly the only explanation that has been proposed for recent warming .
There are also explanations involving natural cycles such as the 11 - year - sunspot cycle , the Pacific decadal oscillation , [ 56 ] and the El Niño - Southern Oscillation ( ENSO ) . [ 57 ]
Summary of arguments against anthropogenic global warming
Natural periods of global warming and global cooling are expected to occur regardless of human activity , and not long ago liberals were demanding more government control to combat an alleged cooling in temperatures , with some scientists warning of a possible ice age . [ 17 ]
Global cooling , a theory that predates global warming , obviously occurs naturally many times throughout Earth 's geological history . [ 58 ]
The ease of refutation of anthropogenic global cooling claims foretells the eventual fate of the current global warming hysteria .
Many political activists use the term " global warming " to refer to anthropogenic global warming theory ( AGW ) , which asserts that human activity such as spewing " greenhouse gases " is causing an increase in temperature and is more significant than natural causes .
The AGW theory is supported by left - leaning political parties , as well as a majority of sovereign states , national agencies , and an intergovernmental panel ( see IPCC ) .
The reality is that there is no immediate global crisis , and even dire warnings by the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) admit that significant effects will not be manifested for at least 100 years .
Predictions made by climate models publicized by the IPCC have not come to pass in recent years .
Many scientists , such as Hal Lewis , have decried global warming as a conspiracy for the purpose of securing trillions of dollars in grant money .
In November 2009 , emails were disclosed that implicated a wrongful manipulation and concealment of data by scientists who have insisted that there is dangerous man-made global warming .
Prior to ClimateGate , both the Republican and Democratic party Platforms in 2008 suggested that global warming is happening , that it is caused by human activity , and that it should be counteracted .
For example , in 2007 , the Republican presidential candidate Senator John McCain called global warming " an issue we can no longer afford to ignore " . [ 59 ]
In 2010 , an independent analysis cleared the scientists involved of any wrongdoing as scientists , but remarked upon their omissions as data - presenters .
Accordingly , the effects of the scandal still linger . [ 60 ]
Former Vice President Al Gore won a Nobel Prize in 2007 for claiming that there is a dangerous man-made global warming that threatens the world .
However , it has since been revealed that he convinced many people through inaccurate information in his " documentary , " i.e. , he only won the Nobel Prize by lying .
[ See Al Gore 's claims below . ]
The following facts can help dissuade even the most illogical of liberals from believing in the flawed theory of anthropogenic global warming .
Temperature flat
The overall temperature has been flat for about 16 years . [ 61 ]
Data manipulation
Climate data stating otherwise has been proven to be manipulated . [ 62 ]
Alternate causation
Even if global warming did actually exist , the overall effect of human activities on global warming are minimal , if not nonexistent . [ 63 ]
Science of global warming
Presence of CO 2
One of the primary concerns of Global Warming research is the increased presence of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) in the atmosphere .
Original claims stated that the increase in carbon dioxide — which is a greenhouse gas — were caused primarily through the burning of fossil fuels , and that such increases were the foremost cause of global temperatures rising .
Historically , Global temperature changes precede changes in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere . [ 64 ]
The most obvious way that this would occur would be through the heating of ocean water .
The oceans are the single largest storage unit for carbon dioxide gas on the planet , containing about 93 % of the Earth 's carbon dioxide . [ 65 ]
As the temperature rises , the solubility of carbon dioxide in ocean water is reduced , [ 66 ] causing the dissolved carbon dioxide gas to enter the atmosphere , and begin trapping radiation from the sun .
Scientists now believe that this cycle causes a sort of chain effect , where increased temperature causes more carbon dioxide to enter the atmosphere , which in turn causes more temperature rise .
It is also noteworthy to point out that carbon dioxide , while not as abundant in the atmosphere , has a more significant effect on global warming than water vapor does .
Carbon dioxide cannot form clouds , as water vapor does .
When water vapor forms clouds , those clouds actually block some of the sun 's radiation from reaching the Earth , causing water vapor to both contribute positively and negatively to global temperature rise .
Carbon dioxide can only act as a greenhouse gas , causing the above - mentioned cyclic effect .
According to the IPCC and others , the current concentration of carbon dioxide in the Earth 's atmosphere is about 392 ppm , which is the highest it has been in at about 800,000 years . [ 67 ]
But other scientists have disputed this claim of modern - day record - high carbon dioxide readings : [ 58 ]
Take Warsaw - based Professor Zbigniew Jaworowski , famous for his critiques of ice - core data .
He ’s devastating on the IPCC rallying cry that CO 2 is higher now than it has ever been over the past 650,000 years .
In his 1997 paper in the Spring 21st Century Science and Technology , he demolishes this proposition .
In particular , he ’s very good on pointing out the enormous inaccuracies in the ice - core data and the ease with which a CO 2 reading from any given year is contaminated by the CO 2 from entirely different eras .
He also points out that from 1985 on there ’s been some highly suspect editing of the CO 2 data , presumably to reinforce the case for the " unprecedented levels " of modern CO 2 .
In fact , in numerous papers prior to 1985 , there were plenty of instances of CO 2 levels much higher than current CO 2 measurements , some even six times higher .
He also points out that it is highly unscientific to merge ice - core temperature measurements with modern temperature measurements .
The Modern Warm Period
According to temperature reconstruction made within an Old Earth paradigm , there have been many cycles of naturally - caused global warming and cooling over many millions of years ( see climate cycles ) .
Some scientists , including Richard Lindzen of MIT , Sallie Baliunas of Harvard and Fred Singer ( independent ) , say that the recent warming could be part of another natural cycle or random fluctuations in the atmosphere .
Recent studies of the Milankovitch Cycles , which predict Earth 's climate by studying changes in its orbit and axial tilt , suggest that we are currently 18,000 years into a 150,000 year period between ice ages .
This would imply that we should expect the temperature to be rising anyway .
A 2002 study by Berger and Loutre suggests 50,000 years of warmer weather before Earth begins to cool again , but that model incorporated anthropogenic forces and concluded :
While combinations of natural forcings produce a gradual warming up to about 1960 , none of them leads to a warming over the last 30 years ( this period containing three major volcanic eruptions ) .
In contrast , simulations incorporating only anthropogenic forcings reproduce the warming over the last three decades at a rate consistent with that observed , but underestimate the early 20th century warming .
As a consequence , only the use of both natural and anthropogenic forcings allows to reproduce much of the observed decadal scale variations of the annual mean hemispheric temperature over the last 150 years . [ 68 ]
It should be noted , however , that computer simulated climate models are often tweaked so they agree with the historical temperature record .
There is no way to completely simulate all of the Earth 's climate with a computer program .
After a major set of temperature readings was found to be an incompatible mix of older and recent data ( in the Climategate II scandal ) in 2010 , Judith Curry , chair of the School of Earth and Atmospheric Science at America 's Georgia
Tech university examined new data causing her to state ( as quoted by MailOnline ) : [ 61 ]
' Natural variability [ the impact of factors such as long - term temperature cycles in the oceans and the output of the sun ] has been shown over the past two decades to have a magnitude that dominates the greenhouse warming effect .
' It is becoming increasingly apparent that our attribution of warming since 1980 and future projections of climate change needs to consider natural internal variability as a factor of fundamental importance .'
The MailOnline article continued :
Professor Phil Jones , director of the Climate Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , who found himself at the centre of the ‘ Climategate ’ scandal over leaked emails three years ago , would not normally be expected to agree with her ....
Prof Jones also admitted that the climate models were imperfect :
‘ We do n’t fully understand how to input things like changes in the oceans , and because we do n’t fully understand it you could say that natural variability is now working to suppress the warming .
We do n’t know what natural variability is doing . ’
Polar bears
It was announced on the news that polar bears risk going extinct by the end of the twenty - first century if current carbon emissions continue .
Sunspots
Sunspot activity is a factor in climate fluctuations , however , little details were known about how much of an impact these fluctuations had on the Earth 's climate .
During the deepest solar minimum ever recorded , from 2005 to 2010 , NASA measured the Earth 's energy balance , i.e. the amount of energy absorbed by the sun subtract the amount of energy lost to radiation into space .
They concluded :
If the Sun were the only climate forcing or the dominant climate forcing , then the planet would gain energy during the solar maxima , but lose energy during solar minima .
The fact that Earth gained energy at a rate 0.58 W/m2 during a deep prolonged solar minimum reveals that there is a strong positive forcing overwhelming the negative forcing by below - average solar irradiance .
That result is not a surprise , given knowledge of other forcings , but it provides unequivocal refutation of assertions that the Sun is the dominant climate forcing . [ 69 ]
But heat energy is not the only force of the Sun affecting the Earth .
The Sun also produces magnetic activity , the effect of which was not measured in this study , and which could affect the Earth 's climate in little - understood ways .
British astrophysicist Piers Corbyn , speaking in May 2017 , claimed that low sunspot activity heralds a mini ice age which could last for 20 years . [ 70 ]
Economics of global warming
While the marriage of anti-capitalists and alleged climate science is nothing new , Rep. Alexandria Ocasio - Cortez has introduced legislation as part of her Green New Deal , reparations for minorities , a basic income , and Medicare for All as part of her " climate justice " program . [ 71 ]
Unnecessary expansion of government
The idea of dangerous anthropogenic ( man- made ) global warming ( AGW ) is promoted by liberals and socialists seeking greater government control over the production and use of energy , which is a substantial percentage of the economy .
In economic terms , they would like to ' internalize ' the ' externality , ' which is to say that they think that producers of emissions should be directly connected to the consequences of those emissions , leading syndicated columnist Charles Krauthammer to warn of an impending " environmental shakedown " . [ 72 ]
Public stances on global warming
Climate change as a cult
The zeal of climate - change advocates and lack of objectivity has led some observers to see it as a core belief in a new eco- theology , using themes of traditional Judeo - Christian beliefs .
Columnist Deon Feder warns , [ 73 ] that following other attempts such as Marxism , overpopulation , Silent Spring ,
now we have the Church of Global Warming , under the leadership of Pope Albert I and his college of cardinals ( the Natural Resources Defense Council , Sierra Club and editorial board of The New York Times ) .
Its Office for the Propagation of the Faith works overtime , churning out books , movies ( from the fictional “ The Day After Tomorrow ” to the fictional “ An Inconvenient Truth ” ) , textbooks , concerts , congressional hearings , media pleading and inquisitions .
Commenting on the tendency to hastily issue dire warnings of Climate Change , seen in the coming Ice Age scare of the 70's , Maurizio Morabito [ 74 ] asked , " Is the problem with the general public , who cannot talk about climate except in doom - laden terms , and for whom the sky is the last animist god ? "
Mark Steyn writes in Macleans , [ 75 ]
Forty years ago conventional religious belief was certainly in decline in what we once knew as Christendom , but the hole was not yet ozone - layer sized .
Once the sea of faith had receded far from shore , the post - Christian West looked at what remained and found “ Gaia . ”
And while , " When man was made in the image of God , he was fallen but redeemable " , among these devotees of Gaia ,
Anti-humanism is everywhere , not least in the barely concealed admiration for China ’s ( demographically disastrous )
“ One Child ” policy advanced by everyone from the National Post ’s Diane Francis to Sir David Attenborough , the world ’s leading telly naturalist but also a BBC exec who once long ago commissioned the great series The Ascent of Man .
If Sir David ’s any guide , the great thing about man ’s ascent is it gives him a higher cliff to nosedive off .
Politics of global warming and dissent
For a more detailed treatment , see Politics of global warming .
Christine Stewart — Canadian Environment Ministry , " No matter if the science is all phony , there are collateral environmental benefits .... [ C] limate change [ provides ] the greatest chance to bring about justice and equality in the world . " [ 76 ]
' Global Warming Now World 's Most Boring Topic ' [ 77 ]
The need to fight " global warming " has become part of the dogma of the liberal conscience . [ 78 ]
Clearly , " global warming " is a tempting issue for many very important groups to exploit .
... dealing with the threat of warming fits in with a great variety of preexisting agendas [ like ] dissatisfaction with industrial society ( neopastoralism ) , ... governmental desires for enhanced revenues ( carbon taxes ) , and bureaucratic desires for enhanced power . [ 78 ]
Mark Steyn writes in " Why climate change is hot hot hot " , [ 75 ]
What ’s also changed since the seventies is the nature of the UN and the transnational bureaucracies ... “ Aid ” is a discredited word these days and comes with too many strings attached .
But eco-credits sluiced through an oil - for - food program on steroids offers splendid new opportunities for bulking up an ambitious dictator ’s Swiss bank accounts .
The IPCC is desperate to claim the 20th century — the warmest on record .
Thus , tying the progress of modern mankind to our supposed planet imbalance problem .
Unfortunately for the IPCC , that point is disputed as well .
In 2008 , it was discovered that tree rings in Finland were more accurate record of the warmest century .
The current era was not the warmest period — it was the period between 931 and 1180 . [ 79 ]
Assessments of climate science by the United Nations ( see IPCC — Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ) have claimed that scientists are 90 % sure that over 50 % of the observed global warming in recent decades is human - caused , and that continued global warming should be expected over at least the next century .
Several prominent scientists have pointed out the politicized science of the UN 's assessment methods .
The scientific reports are submitted to a panel of representatives appointed by each country in the IPCC .
Several scientists whose research demonstrates that climate change is taking place have complained about their work being misrepresented by the U.N .
In addition , a number of the participants have testified to the pressures placed on them to emphasize results supportive of the current scenario and to suppress other results .
That pressure has frequently been effective , and a survey of participants reveals substantial disagreement with the final report . [ 78 ]
Richard Lindzen wrote :
Perhaps more important are the pressures being brought to bear on scientists to get the " right " results .
Such pressures are inevitable , given how far out on a limb much of the scientific community has gone .
The situation is compounded by the fact that some of the strongest proponents of " global warming " in Congress are also among the major supporters of science ( Sen. Gore is notable among those ) . [ 78 ]
Christopher Monckton wrote an article entitled " Climate sensitivity reconsidered " which states that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change studies are flawed . [ 80 ]
The present analysis suggests that the failure of the IPCC 's models to predict this and many other climatic phenomena arises from defects in its evaluation of the three factors whose product is climate sensitivity :
Radiative forcing ΔF ;
The no-feedbacks climate sensitivity parameter κ ; and The feedback multiplier ƒ.
Some reasons why the IPCC ’s estimates may be excessive and unsafe are explained .
More importantly , the conclusion is that , perhaps , there is no “ climate crisis ” , and that currently - fashionable efforts by governments to reduce anthropogenic CO 2 emissions are pointless , may be ill - conceived , and could even be harmful .
This was published on a forum of the American Physical Society with the following disclaimers : " The article has not undergone any scientific peer review " and " the APS disagrees with the article 's conclusions " .
In fact , the APS disagrees with the article without ever reviewing it .
Ryan N. Maue :
A doctoral student at the Department of Meteorology at Florida State University did a study of global tropical cyclone activity .
Its conclusions state that global warming might be greatly overblown . [ 81 ]
Mr. Maue found that tropical cyclone activity worldwide " has completely and utterly collapsed " during the past two to three years with energy levels sinking to those of the late 1970s .
Dr. Vincent Gray :
A member of the IPCC ’s expert reviewers ’ panel asserts , " There is no relationship between warming and the level of gases in the atmosphere , " and " there is no serious threat to the climate " [ 82 ]
Joe D’Aleo : Climatologist :
The International Climate and Environmental Change Assessment Project says new data " show that in five of the last seven decades since World War II , including this one , global temperatures have cooled while carbon dioxide has continued to rise , " and " The data suggest cooling , not warming , in Earth 's future . " [ 83 ]
Dr. John S. Theon :
Retired senior NASA atmospheric scientist , Dr. John S. Theon , the former boss of global warming alarmist James Hansen of NASA , rebukes him declaring “ climate models are useless . ”
“ My own belief concerning anthropogenic climate change is that the models do not realistically simulate the climate system because there are many very important sub - grid scale processes that the models either replicate poorly or completely omit , ” “ Furthermore , some scientists have manipulated the observed data to justify their model results . " [ 84 ]
Sammy Wilson — Ireland 's environment minister
He argues that global weather patterns are naturally cooling , not warming .
He calls television ads that promote global warming as " an insidious propaganda campaign " peddling " patent nonsense . " [ 85 ]
After the broadcast of his movie ' The Great Global Warming Swindle ' , filmmaker Martin Durkin 's statements read [ 86 ]
“ Everywhere you are told that man -made climate change is proved beyond doubt , ” “ But you are being told lies . ”
“ This is a story of how a theory about climate turned into a political ideology ... it is the story of the distortion of a whole area of science . ”
“ as the frenzy over man -made global warming grows shriller , many senior scientists say the actual scientific basis for the theory is crumbling . ”
In late 2008 , the AP published an article by its Science Writer Seth Borenstein , which is seen by skeptics as another example of one - sided , uncritical reporting on the issue by liberal media .
The report stated that global warming was " a ticking time bomb that President - elect Barack Obama can't avoid " , and that " We 're out of time " , with Al Gore calling the situation " the equivalent of a five - alarm fire that has to be addressed immediately . " [ 87 ]
In response , Fox News ( December 16 , 2008 ) reported that scientists skeptical of anthropogenic global warming criticized the report as " irrational hysteria , " " horrifically bad " and " incredibly biased " , containing sweeping scientific errors and being a one - sided portrayal of a complicated issue .
Geology professor David Deming stated , " If the issues were n't so serious and the ramifications so profound , I would have to laugh at it " , and accused Borenstein of " writing a polemic and reporting it as fact . "
Deming noted that " the mean global temperature , at least as measured by satellite , is now the same as it was in the year 1980 .
In the last couple of years sea level has stopped rising .
Hurricane and cyclone activity in the northern hemisphere is at a 24 - year low and sea ice globally is also the same as it was in 1980 . "
The AP responded to criticism by stating that , " It ’s a news story , based on fact and the clearly expressed views of President - elect Barack Obama and others . " [ 88 ]
Also in the discussion of the biased AP report , Michael R. Fox , a retired nuclear scientist and chemistry professor from the University of Idaho stated , " There is little evidence to believe that man-made carbon dioxide is causing temperature fluctuation .
Other factors , including sun spots , solar winds , variations in the solar magnetic field and solar irradiation , could all be affecting temperature changes . "
The year 2008 turned out to be the coolest year since 2000 , yet the seventh to tenth warmest year on record , according to the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies . [ 89 ]
According to a preliminary analysis by NOAA 's National Climatic Data Center , the average June–August 2009 summer temperature for the contiguous United States was below average — the 34th coolest on record . [ 90 ]
Richard S. Courtney , a U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) expert reviewer and a U.K. - based climate and atmospheric science consultant says " Rubbish !
Global warming is not ' accelerating , " and " ... that anybody who proclaims that ' Global warming is accelerating ' is a liar , a fool , or both . " [ 91 ]
Don J. Easterbrook , Ph.D. , emeritus professor of geology at Western Washington University , asked , " What does it take to ignore 10 years of global cooling ....?
The answer is really quite simple — just follow the money ! "
Belief in global warming and political and religious views
The more religious an individual is , the more likely they are to disbelieve in global warming .
In 2014 , whereas 80 % of American atheists believed in climate change , only 56 % of all very religious Americans did . [ 92 ]
In 2014 , 86 % of Democrats accepted climate change , whereas half of all Republicans disbelieve in global warming . [ 92 ]
Evangelicals
In 2008 86 evangelical pastors , including Rev. Dr. Rick Warren signed a statement titled " Climate Change : An Evangelical Call to Action " , which called on Christians to acknowledge the moral importance of action to counteract man-made climate change .
the statement includes specific support for market - based CO 2 reductions such as a cap - and - trade program . [ 93 ]
In contrast , a group of evangelical scholars , comprised of scientists , economists and theologians , contend that the liberal view of pending catastrophe caused by climate change is misleading and / or exaggerated . [ 94 ]
The Bill Nye challenge
In April 2016 science popularizer " Bill Nye the Science Guy " took the debate up to the " put your money where your mouth is " level .
He issued two bets , of $ 10,000 each , with Joe Bastardi , a " climate change contrarian " and frequent critic of Nye .
One bet was that " 2016 will be in the top 10 of hottest years on record " , and that " this current decade will be the warmest ever recorded " . [ 95 ]
As of late May Mr. Bastardi has not taken up the offer .
Inaccuracies of global warming evidence
Climate " science " fraud
For a more detailed treatment , see Climategate .
The Climategate scandal revealed how liberal scientists appeared to be deceiving the public with the use of fraudulent data for use as climate science .
The liberal media has attempted to bury the story and discount it as the work of computer hackers illegally stealing data , however , Freedom of Information requests is likely what led to the data being leaked — intentionally . [ 96 ]
Dr. Willie Soon , a physicist , astronomer and climate researcher at the solar and stellar physics division of the Harvard University - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , said in an interview , " [ The Climatic Research Unit climate scientists ] are making scientific progress more difficult now .
This is a shameful , dark day for science . "
Dr. Soon also suggested that there has been systemic suppression of dissenting opinion among scientists in the climate change community , ranging from social snubs to e-mail stalking and even threats of harm . [ 97 ]
Liberal claims of " consensus "
Reports of a scientific " consensus " among scientists are similar to their one - sided support of other liberal policies and beliefs .
For example , nearly 100 % of political donations from professors are to Democrats rather than Republicans .
Similarly , according to NASA , 97 % of climate scientists believe that climate - warming trends over the past century are very likely due to human activities . [ 98 ]
These liberal scientists believe , or say they believe , that the Earth is warming overall , and that this warming , as well as other changes in climate patterns , is largely caused by human activities . [ 99 ]
These allegations do not necessarily make the consensus true , as discussed throughout the referenced citation .
Numerous scientists , especially those outside of university faculties , have been critical of anthropogenic global warming .
However , according to some researchers , scientists who do not support the anthropogenic global warming theory offer a general lack of comparative credentials ; proponents of man-made global warming argue that this has led to agreement that , among authorities in scientific disciplines , there is a " scientific consensus " supporting the theory for greater government control .
Scientists skeptical of the theory question whether there is a financial incentive for supporting research .
[ 100 ]
It has also been documented that on most college campuses criticism of the global warming theory is silenced or censored ; evidence shows that scientists skeptical of AGW are being suppressed .
[ 101 ]
It is well understood that most media companies do not offer balanced reporting .
Many politicians have bought into the liberal claim of consensus , for example Barack Obama 's views , " Few challenges facing America and the world are more urgent than fighting climate change .
The science is beyond dispute and the facts are clear . " [ 102 ]
In fact , many scientists disagree with the " facts , " their certainty , and their interpretation .
Over 100 of them have signed the statement that appears in the Cato Institute 's newspaper ad .
Liberals have failed to back up their claims with any scientific facts .
According to 80 graphs published in 58 peer - reviewed scientific papers in the first five months of 2017 alone , catastrophic anthropogenic global warming does not exist .
[ 103 ]
By October 2017 , the number of peer - reviewed papers rejecting global warming had increased to 400 . [ 104 ]
Past speculation
Speculation and warnings of catastrophic climate change are not unprecedented .
In 2001 the Guardian noted that some 70s headlines shouted , " Brace yourself for another ice age " .
In 1971 the journal Science reported that the subsequent cooling effect resulting from a possible eightfold increased from atmospheric aerosol concentrations , " if sustained over a period of several years — is believed to be sufficient to trigger an ice age . " [ 105 ]
Richard Lindzen wrote in 1992 on the doubtfulness of man-caused warming on Earth .
“ Indeed , a recent Gallup poll of climate scientists in the American Meteorological Society and in the American Geophysical Union shows that a vast majority doubts that there has been any identifiable man-caused warming to date ( 49 percent asserted no , 33 percent did not know , 18 percent thought some has occurred ; however , among those actively involved in research and publishing frequently in peer - reviewed research journals , none believes that any man-caused global warming has been identified so far ) . [ 78 ] ”
Oddly enough , even though 82 % of US climate scientists refused to support the global warming theory then , liberal activists were already claiming a scientific consensus for anthropogenic global warming .
( It 's hard to understand how 18 percent credence in any global warming translates into " consensus " support for human - caused global warming . )
The campaign to convince the public ( and their elected representatives ) that the " science is settled " began in 1988 or 1989 .
By the 2008 elections both candidates for the Presidency of the United States were proposing plans to mitigate climate change .
Over 31,000 American scientists have signed the petition rejecting global warming .
[ 106 ]
Global Warming Petition
In June , 1974 , Time magazine published its front - page article , Science : Another Ice Age ? , [ 17 ] while a report by the CIA in the same year stated that , " The western world 's leading climatologists have confirmed recent reports of a detrimental global climatic change ” , noting such things as that the " world 's snow and ice cover had increased by at least 10 to 15 percent " , and in the " Canadian area of Arctic Greenland , below normal temperatures were recorded for 19 consecutive months " , which was unique during the last 100 years .
A " major climatic shift " was speculated , which would threaten the " the stability of most nations . ”
It further warned that " Scientists are confident that unless man is able to effectively modify the climate , the northern regions , such as Canada " to " major areas in northern China , will again be covered with 100 to 200 feet of ice and snow " , within the next 2500 years — or sooner . [ 107 ]
Also in 1974 , Nigel Calder , former editor of New Scientist and atmospheric researcher wrote in his book The Weather Machine , " One might argue that there is a virtual certainty of the next ice age starting some time in the next 2000 years .
Then the odds are only about 20 - to - 1 against it beginning in the next 100 years . "
In 1975 the liberal magazine Newsweek reported that " Meteorologists disagree about the cause and extent of the cooling trend , ... but they are almost unanimous in the view that the trend will reduce agricultural productivity for the rest of the century . "
These authorities were skeptical that political leaders would take any positive action to compensate for the climate change , and they conceded that the more dramatic solutions , such as melting the arctic ice cap , might create worse problems than that which they were designed to solve . [ 108 ]
Natural variability of the climate system
It is virtually universally accepted amongst secular climatologists that the earth has experienced numerous ice ages over two million years , during which global temperatures fluctuated created glacial and inter-glacial periods .
The frigid temperatures allowed ice sheets to expand southward , covering much of Asia , Europe , and North America .
The cooling associated with ice ages is gradual , while the terminations are relatively rapid .
However , even the rapid terminations of ice ages take centuries to millennia .
Natural climate change on other planets
Since the Viking spacecraft reached Mars in the 1970s until recent readings were taken , the average temperature on Mars has risen 0.6 °C [ 1.1 °F ] just as the average temperature on the earth has risen .
Since human industrialization is clearly not to blame for the change on Mars , other causes are being considered .
One possibility is that dust storms are changing the albedo of the planet , allowing it to warm , while another possibility is that solar variations from the sun are causing the warming .
[ 109 ]
Recently , it has also been found that similar to the Earth and Mars , Neptune is also undergoing global warming .
Measurements taken at the Lowell observatory in Arizona have shown an increase in Neptune 's brightness and temperature since 1980 following the same pattern seen on Earth and Mars .
The researchers who discovered this warming suggest there may be a correlation between the warming and solar variations . [ 110 ]
Pluto has also been found to be undergoing global warming .
The overall temperature increase on Pluto has been greater than that on the earth . [ 111 ]
On the other hand , Uranus has had no net change in temperature since 1977 .
A rapid increase in temperature reversed itself .
The reasons for this are not understood . [ 112 ]
Global temperatures change on other planets even when there is no life , something which strongly supports the idea that humans are not necessarily the cause of earth 's global warming .
Moreover , the temperature on Uranus has fluctuated back and forth .
There is no reason that fluctuations cannot occur on earth , too .
Although measurements have been made of the temperatures of other planets these are by no means thorough or comparable with the measurements used for earth .
The short space of time over which measurements have been taken and the very limited spatial coverage means that reliable average figures have not been obtained .
They have certainly not been taken extensively enough to produce a five - year average temperature , which is the standard when determining temperature trends on earth .
However , if accurate measurements could be made , and their accuracy and reliability is improving over time , then they may prove useful to climate science .
Their different atmospheres and distances from the sun provide natural laboratories to study climatic changes without human influences .
Though of course they will not be directly comparable due to the vast differences .
Al Gore 's claims
The decision by the government to distribute Al Gore 's film , An Inconvenient Truth , became the subject of a legal challenge by New Party member Stewart Dimmock .
A school governor from Dover and father of two , Dimmock charged the Government with brainwashing children with propaganda by presenting Gore 's sci - fi film as science .
In October 2007 , Mr Justice Burton of London 's High Court found that while the film was " broadly accurate " , it contained nine significant errors , “ in which statements were made that were not supported by the current mainstream scientific consensus ” , some of which had arisen in “ the context of alarmism and exaggeration ” .
He also found the Guidance Notes drafted by the Education Secretary 's advisers only worked to exacerbate the political propaganda in the film . [ 113 ]
Taken from the official transcript , [ 114 ] the nine errors the judge found were :
1. Sea level rise of up to 20 feet ( 7 metres ) will be caused by melting of either West Antarctica or Greenland in the near future .
This is distinctly alarmist , and part of Mr Gore 's ' wake - up call ' .
It is common ground that if indeed Greenland melted , it would release this amount of water , but only after , and over , millennia , so that the Armageddon scenario he predicts , insofar as it suggests that sea level rises of 7 metres might occur in the immediate future , is not in line with the scientific consensus .
2. Low lying inhabited Pacific atolls are being inundated because of anthropogenic global warming .
In scene 20 , Mr Gore states " that 's why the citizens of these Pacific nations have all had to evacuate to New Zealand " .
There is no evidence of any such evacuation having yet happened .
3. Shutting down of the " Ocean Conveyor " .
According to the IPCC , it is very unlikely that the Ocean Conveyor ( known technically as the Meridional Overturning Circulation or thermohaline circulation ) will shut down in the future , though it is considered likely that thermohaline circulation may slow down .
4. Direct coincidence between rise in CO 2 in the atmosphere and in temperature , by reference to two graphs .
In scenes 8 and 9 , Mr Gore shows two graphs relating to a period of 650,000 years , one showing rise in CO 2 and one showing rise in temperature , and asserts ( by ridiculing the opposite view ) that they show an exact fit .
Although there is general scientific agreement that there is a connection , the two graphs do not establish what Mr Gore asserts .
5 . The snows of Kilimanjaro .
The film asserted that melting snows on Mount Kilimanjaro evidenced global warming .
The Government 's expert was had to admit that this is not correct .
Mr Gore asserts in scene 7 that the disappearance of snow on Mt Kilimanjaro is expressly attributable to global warming .
It is noteworthy that this is a point that specifically impressed Mr Milliband ( see the press release quoted at paragraph 6 above ) .
However , it is common ground that , the scientific consensus is that it cannot be established that the recession of snows on Mt Kilimanjaro is mainly attributable to human - induced climate change .
6. Lake Chad etc .
The drying up of Lake Chad is used as a prime example of a catastrophic result of global warming .
However , it is generally accepted that the evidence remains insufficient to establish such an attribution .
It is apparently considered to be far more likely to result from other factors , such as population increase and over - grazing , and regional climate variability .
7. Hurricane Katrina .
In scene 12 Hurricane Katrina and the consequent devastation in New Orleans is ascribed to global warming .
It is common ground that there is insufficient evidence to show that .
8. Death of polar bears .
In scene 16 , by reference to a dramatic graphic of a polar bear desperately swimming through the water looking for ice , Mr Gore says : " A new scientific study shows that for the first time they are finding polar bears that have actually drowned swimming long distances up to 60 miles to find the ice .
They did not find that before . "
The only scientific study that either side before me can find is one which indicates that four polar bears have recently been found drowned because of a storm .
9. Coral reefs .
In scene 19 , Mr Gore says : " Coral reefs all over the world because of global warming and other factors are bleaching and they end up like this .
All the fish species that depend on the coral reef are also in jeopardy as a result .
Overall specie loss is now occurring at a rate 1000 times greater than the natural background rate . "
The actual scientific view , as recorded in the IPCC report , is that , if the temperature were to rise by 1 - 3 degrees Centigrade , there would be increased coral bleaching and widespread coral mortality , unless corals could adapt or climatize , but that separating the impacts of climate change - related stresses from other stresses , such as over - fishing and polluting , is difficult .
Dimmock 's lawyer , Mr. Downes , argued that by schools making available such film to its teachers , and if teachers then showed such film to their pupils , then this would inevitably result " in the promotion of partisan political views in the teaching of any subject in the school , which is thus not only not being forbidden by the local education authority ( and the DES ) , but being positively facilitated by them . "
Mr Justice Barton stressed that the “ apocalyptic vision ” presented in the film was politically partisan and not an impartial analysis of the science of climate change .
“ It is now common ground that it is not simply a science film — although it is clear that it is based substantially on scientific research and opinion — but that it is a political film .
Justice Barton also stated that , “ I conclude that the claimant substantially won this case by virtue of my finding that , but for the new guidance note , the film would have been distributed in breach of sections 406 and 407 of the 1996 Education Act . ” [ 115 ]
In order for the film to be shown , the Government must first amend their Guidance Notes to Teachers to make clear that
1 . The Film is a political work and promotes only one side of the argument .
2 . If teachers present the Film without making this plain they may be in breach of section 406 of the Education Act 1996 and guilty of political indoctrination .
3 . Nine inaccuracies have to be specifically drawn to the attention of school children . [ 116 ]
Science and Public Policy took issue with the response to the ruling by Al Gore 's spokesman and environment adviser , and asserted that his film contains 35 Inconvenient Truths . [ 117 ]
Regarding his claims that the snow cap atop Africa 's Mt. Kilimanjaro is shrinking and that global warming is to blame , the November 23 , 2003 , issue of Nature magazine stated ,
Although it 's tempting to blame the ice loss on global warming , researchers think that deforestation of the mountain 's foothills is the more likely culprit .
Without the forests ' humidity , previously moisture - laden winds blew dry .
No longer replenished with water , the ice is evaporating in the strong equatorial sunshine . "
Many conservatives see Al Gore as an example of liberals using deceitful tactics in important debates , in order to make a position seem more solid than it is .
Scientists
Roger Revelle
Hal Lewis
Liberal claims of global warming led to the resignation in October 2010 by Professor Hal Lewis from The American Physical Society because of " the global warming scam , with the ( literally ) trillions of dollars driving it , that has corrupted so many scientists , and has carried APS before it like a rogue wave .
It is the greatest and most successful pseudoscientific fraud I have seen in my long life as a physicist . " [ 118 ]
Critique of the " Hockey Stick " reconstruction
See also : Climategate : hockey stick graph
Effects of global warming
Beneficial effects of global warming
Canoing on a Colorful Day , ( NY ) .
Some researchers point out that benefits of health global warming have been overlooked , or minimized .
As far back as 1996 , Thomas Gale Moore , Senior Fellow at Hoover Institution ( Stanford University ) contended that positive health and amenity effects would be a result of projected increases in temperature . [ 119 ]
Another source notes , [ 120 ]
In areas that see extreme cold temperatures , deaths related to colder weather would drop significantly , leading to decreased health care costs , while areas that already have hot climates will see no increase .
Warmer temperatures would also mean less energy use to heat homes and buildings , helping to conserve energy as cooling is much more energy efficient .
With the changes brought about by global warming more land that is not lost to desert and / or rising sea levels would become available for uses like farming and living .
Forests and plants would grow stronger , healthier , and more abundant because of the warmer weather , and this would mean more oxygen being released into the atmosphere .
Reported effects of global warming
Reported past or expected / possible future environmental and societal consequences of man-made global warming include global cooling , [ 121 ] decreased food production , [ 122 ] increased food production , [ 123 ] shrinking forest . , [ 124 ] increased tree foliage , [ 125 ] increased productivity of high - elevation forests , [ 126 ] melting glaciers . , [ 127 ] growing glaciers , [ 128 ] increasing landmass in Antarctica , [ 129 ] colder winters , [ 130 ] a new ice age , [ 131 ] prevention of an ice age , [ 132 ] taller mountains . , [ 133 ] a lop - sided planet , [ 134 ] stronger hurricanes , [ 135 ] weaker hurricanes , [ 136 ] shorter days , [ 137 ] earthquakes and volcanoes , and other geological disasters .
Attempts to prevent climate change may do the same , [ 138 ] shrinking brains , [ 139 ] shrinking sheep , [ 140 ] tiger attacks . , [ 141 ] shark attacks , [ 142 ] walrus stampede deaths , [ 143 ] imminent cannibalism , [ 144 ] the need for a drastic reduction of the earth 's population , [ 145 ] a strong increase in people dying of AIDS , [ 146 ] increased risk of civil war in Africa , [ 147 ] child climate cops , [ 148 ] increase in depression , [ 149 ] increase in psychiatric illness [ 150 ] and increased anxiety and loss of sleep among many children . [ 151 ]
References
Malcolm Wells
1926-2009
With deepest regret and condolences ,
we report the passing away of Malcolm Wells .
Malcolm passed on Friday , November 27 , 2009 .
You can sign a note of condolence for his family here .
AFL - CIO President Richard Trumka has weighed in on the planned November 29 elections in Honduras , with an open letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton .
The United States had originally hinted that it would join with most other countries in the hemisphere , plus the United Nations General Assembly and the Organization of American States in refusing to recognize the results of the elections for president , the unicameral Congress and local offices unless President Manuel Zelaya and constitutional normality were restored .
Zelaya was overthrown in a June 28 coup and is currently living in the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa , Honduras .
On October 30 , Clinton announced a supposed breakthrough agreement that would restore Zelaya , form a “ government of national unity ” and then allow the elections to proceed with international recognition .
But the anti-Zelaya leadership of the Congress has refused to vote approval of Zelaya ’s return , and coup installed president Roberto Micheletti has unilaterally declared himself head of the “ national unity ” government , undoing the deal .
The State Department now says it will recognize the elections anyway .
In the letter to Clinton , Trumka questions whether any kind of a fair election is possible in the conditions which Hondurans are undergoing .
“ We are troubled that the agreement to reinstate President Zelaya by November 5 ( the Tegucigalpa / San Jose accords ) , in preparation for the November 29 elections , has now unraveled .
The failure of the Honduran Congress , in consultation with the Supreme Court and with other institutions , to approve President Zelaya ’s reinstatement , has created an unstable and untenable situation .
Roberto Micheletti’s announcement of an interim unity government without the representation of President Zelaya invalidates the elections planned for November 29th .
“ The current environment in Honduras , including an illegitimate government in power , makes free , fair and open elections impossible .
The violent and coercive repression of political opposition to the de-facto coup regime , including trade unionists , has continued .
At least twelve trade unionists have died in the violence since June 28th .
National and international human rights organizations report ongoing human rights violations committed by state security forces , including killings , severe beatings , sexual violence , the imprisonment and torture of activists , as well as the arrest and detention of President Zelaya ’s supporters .
“ For these reasons the AFL - CIO asks our government to make clear its opposition to the conduct of national elections in Honduras November 29 unless President Zelaya is reinstated and free and fair electoral conditions are guaranteed .
We also ask the United States Government to implement the recommendations contained in the resolution passed at our convention in Septembe . r ”
Earlier this year , the AFL - CIO and a number of other labor bodies in the United States had expressed their solidarity with Honduran workers and demanded that the U.S. government work for the restoration of Zelaya and constitutional normality .
My new article at NY's ' Gouverneur Times ' details months of ' urgent , ' but ignored , warnings from election experts ...
Brad Friedman Byon
12/11/2009 , 12:09 pm PT
My latest special to the Right - leaning Gouverneur Times of Upstate NY details multiple " urgent " warnings that state and federal officials received over the last year from multiple election advocacy groups concerning the dangers and pitfalls of the state 's e-voting pilot program which came crashing down on voters during the recent NY - 23 Special Election for the U.S. House .
They were warned , over and over and over again , about the dangers of using uncertified e-voting systems in real live elections , yet , despite the concerns expressed by experts about using real voters " as guinea pigs , " it appears officials took no action in response .
Here 's my exclusive over there ...
As Brynwood Partners closses Stella D’Oro
Saddened workers march out with raised fists
Published Oct 15 , 2009 8:34 PM
Stella D’Oro , owned by the vulture private equity company Brynwood Partners , closed its Bronx , N.Y. , biscuit plant and fired 136 workers .
Management refused to pay the full amount of severance and other benefits to the workers although their union contract spells it out explicitly .
Many of the workers have over 30 years of service .
WW photo : Mike Eilenfeldt
After the workers had spent a full day baking cookies on Oct. 8 , the boss called them in at 3 p.m. and said in so many words , “ That ’s it — you ’re out . ”
For 15 minutes the workers chanted inside the plant , “ The workers united will never be defeated ! ”
After cleaning out their lockers , groups of workers emerged from the plant to a crowd that cheered them for their heroic long struggle .
Some went straight home , but many stayed right in front of the plant with supporters .
Periodically chants would erupt .
The workers were sad , but also angry and defiant — and they showed it .
The very next day at a rally at the plant more than 50 workers attended , vowing to continue their fight for their benefits .
Brynwood only succeeded in closing the plant because the capitalist government is complicit in ignoring its consistent violations .
Months earlier , the National Labor Relations Board issued an order to the company “ to bargain in good faith ” and “ make whole the unit employees [ recompense ] for any loss of earnings and other benefits suffered as a result of unlawful unilateral implementation . ” ( nlrb.gov )
This NLRB decision followed a bitter 11 - month - long strike of Local 50 of the Bakery Workers union , overwhelmingly composed of Latinas and Latinos .
According to its own rules , the NLRB could have issued an injunction against the sale and closing of the plant .
Brynwood has always admitted it has no interest in running a bakery .
Its management brags how they buy a company , suck the blood of the workers and the company ’s assets , and then sell it .
Giant investors such as Goldman Sachs profit from this too .
It ’s the workers and community that lose .
According to Local 50 President Joyce Alston , Brynwood even turned down four offers to sell the plant to companies that wanted to keep it operating in the Bronx .
This company and many others get huge tax abatements from New York City .
These abatements are voted on not by the City Council or residents but by boards the mayor and governor appoint — boards usually dominated by investment bankers and real estate developers .
Brynwood got millions in tax abatements under the Industrial and Commercial Tax Abatement Program for new machinery in the Stella D’Oro plant .
Queens City Council member Tony Avela called a City Hall press conference to pressure billionaire Brynwood supporter Mayor Michael Bloomberg to demand that the money be repaid and that the machinery be seized by the city .
Jose Rivera , state assemblyperson from the Bronx , charged , “ Frankel comes from Morgan Stanley .
He was appointed by you .
He ’s got the power , Michael Bloomberg .
Keep that in mind .
We ’re not going to let those machines from the Bronx go anywhere .
We are going to put up a human chain . ”
Local 50 President Joyce Alston said of her members , “ They have shown the courage that has awakened the labor movement . ”
In all of her 30 years of union experience , she said , she had never seen the kind of arrogance displayed by Brynwood in their negotiations .
Stella D’Oro workers , the presidents and officials of nine unions , the Northwest Bronx Community & Clergy Coalition and other coalitions involved in mass struggles addressed the press conference .
Faye Kellerman of Local 375 said , “ Thank you so much to the workers of Stella D’Oro .
You set our path .
It ’s never ever too late .
A hurt to one is a hurt to all of us .
When we fight , we win .
What a shame .
Taking food out of folks ’ mouths for how long ?
And then when they came back , ‘ We ’re moving ’ ?
“ What a shame .
And then they ’re going to steal my equipment on top of that .
What a shame !
When we fight , we win !
Who ’s got the power ? ”
The crowd shouted in unison , “ We got the power . ”
“ What kind of power ? ” Again the crowd responded , “ Workers ’ power ! ”
After the last speaker , the news came in — the plant was closing .
City Council member Avela angrily said , “ How disgraceful it is that Mike Bloomberg and the city of New York are allowing this to happen without showing even the littlest concern for the workers .
The mayor of the city of New York has a fiduciary responsibility to protect city property .
We bought those machines .
We have to call upon Mike Bloomberg to stop this now .
Shame on him if he does n’t do it immediately . ”
The crowd responded with chants of “ Shame ! Shame ! ”
Worker spokesperson and strike leader Mike Filippou called upon everyone to go directly to the Stella D’Oro factory at 237th Street and Broadway to stand in solidarity with the workers when the doors were locked down .
At the rally on Oct. 9 one thing was very clear : these workers are not ending the struggle until every penny that ’s owed them is paid .
“ Whose machinery ?
Our machinery ! ” rang out again and again .
The machinery , which belongs to these workers and the community , has been sold to the new company , Lance Foods , to be shipped to Ohio .
Juan Thillet , a Stella D’Oro worker , said at the rally , “ This is not over .
They think they won but they have made enemies out of us and we will go on to fight here and for workers everywhere in this country . ”
Eilenfeldt is the NYSUT AFL - CIO Cooper Union delegate to the New York City Central Labor Council and a member of the Bail Out the People Movement .
Last Monday was December 21st - the Winter Solstice , or the shortest day of the year ( in the Northern Hemisphere ) .
The 21st would also have also been the first day of NivÃ´se , the first winter month of the long - abandoned French Republican Calendar , named after the Latin word nivosus , which , appropriately means " snow or snowy " .
Collected here are a handful of recent photographs of these snowy days for those of us in the north .
The University of Oslo in Norway named Iran 's supreme leader the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei " dictator of the year . "
Khamenei was chosen out of a list of 11 candidates , put together by various human rights groups .
Khamenei was " honored " for " showing the most hostility towards his people and other nations and for substantially increasing human suffering . "
( Dudi Cohen )
Games like Grand Theft Auto 4 have state - of - the - art graphics , but the visuals may not be very important for a game ’s success ( Image : Digital Beach Media / Rex Features )
WHAT is the key to designing a hit video game – beautifully crafted graphics or a gripping storyline ?
It may just be a matter of social interactions and avoiding bad pricing , say Russell Beale and Matthew Bond of the University of Birmingham , UK .
The pair analysed game reviews to determine the most interesting features and how games garner good scores .
Weak storytelling and lacklustre in - game graphics had little impact , but pricing the game …
It is often talked about by visitors how clean and how honest they find the everyday Japanese .
Business can get a bit murky sometimes , but out on the street there are a lot of good well meaning people around .
Friends have told me about how they had passports returned that had been left on a bus , and handbags returned with everything intact .
I just went down to the local Family Mart and picked up some supplies .
An hour later I happened to go back to the same store because I had bills to be paid .
It would n’t be a conbini without being able to pay your electricity , phone , gas and taxes all in the one place , right ?
As the girl behind the counter was serving me she reached under the counter and pressed a buzzer .
I was starting to think , “ Is this a hold up ? ” , when I realized a queue was forming and she just wanted to get some help with serving for the other customers .
Then she said to me , “ You are the guy that just bought the purin right ? ” .
I said “ yes , sure ” .
to my surprise , she went to a cabinet opened it and produced a 1,000 Yen note .
“ you dropped this when you came in before so here you go ! ” .
Wow , I could n’t believe it .
I had n’t remembered dropping any money , but this is definitely good honest service .
Thanks Family Mart .
Have you ever had anything returned that you thought would never come back ?
Share this : Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
IN GOD THEY TRUST : A faith - healing group prays over Stacey Edmonds at the Healing Room in Linwood yesterday .
The faith healers are , facing camera left to right , Pastor Dee Rea , Adele Marsh and Ruth Taueki .
A Christian faith - healing clinic has opened in Christchurch offering to cure cancer , broken bones and mental illness through prayer .
The New Zealand Healing Rooms clinic in Worcester St , Linwood , is set up like a doctor 's surgery , with a waiting room leading to treatment rooms , where two pastors and divine - healing technicians pray for patients .
Pastor Marie Rea said they used " aggressive " prayer techniques based on the teachings of Canadian evangelist John Lake .
" It 's a place where Jesus is the healer , " she said .
Patients were not charged and were counselled to not stop regular medical treatment .
Rea said patients with problems as diverse as stroke paralysis , cancer or dyslexia were cured , usually within one 20 - minute session .
Shirleene Turnbull , a member of the group , said she had a stroke on Boxing Day last year and was paralysed .
With treatment by prayer , she was able to walk out of hospital 16 days later , she said .
" The doctors called it a miracle , " she said .
Adele Marsh , another member of the group , said her daughter suffered from dyslexia and her handwriting was illegible .
After a prayer session , her writing became legible .
Pastor Dee Rea said the group did not want to give false hope to patients but it got " very high results " in the treatment of cancer .
The patient did not have to convert to Christianity and did not even have to be a believer , he said .
One sceptic , Phil Tauwhare , said he had a history of bladder disease .
On two occasions he went to the healers in great pain and urinating blood .
After his healing sessions he felt worse than before , he said .
He went to a doctor who gave him antibiotics that cleared up the problem in three days .
" I thought , ` What 's going on here ? " '
However , he became a believer when a subsequent checkup showed he had seven tumours in his bladder .
He had several prayer sessions , and surgeons could find only three tumours after that .
GP and former New Zealand Medical Council chairwoman Pippa MacKay said the claims about curing cancer were " mischievous " .
" To imply that that kind of quackery is as good or better than medical science is dangerous .
How can they claim that ?
How many controlled trials have they done ? "
McKay said the group would give people " the wrong kind of hope " .
Christchurch School of Medicine and Health Sciences Associate Professor Dee Mangin said it was important people with serious illnesses sought treatment that had the strongest evidence for efficacy .
Mangin said seriously ill people were " vulnerable to hope " .
We all know and love the Joel Test , Joel Spolsky 's quick quiz to determine the quality of a software team .
If you 're searching for a job , it 's a great idea to run potential employers through the Joel Test .
There 's a problem with it , though .
Well , there are multiple problems .
First , who the hell cares about hallway usability testing ?
Second , you 're only checking for the good qualities of a team .
What about the horrendously bad qualities that will eventually drive you towards both insanity and a crippling dependency on cough syrup ?
We need something like the Joel Test to measure the potential crappiness of a job , or else each of us might stumble into becoming Milton Waddams .
Ladies and gentlemen , I present to you the Codypo Test , aka 8 Questions To Identify A Lame Programming Job .
If you are in an interview , you give the company the Codypo test , and the job scores more than a 1 or 2 , you need to pull the fire alarm and get the hell out of there .
1 . Would I be paid below market rates ?
If they 're looking for 10 years of hardcore , multithreaded C++ experience and they 're offering 48 k , these people have lost their minds .
Expect this sort of delusional thinking to appear in everything they do .
2 . Would I always be on call ?
No one likes being on call , because as soon as you 're on call , someone is going to page you at 3 AM on a Sunday because the Reset button on the support portal is a different shade of blue than they 're expecting .
Occasional on call stints are both understandable and tolerable , but 24/7 is for doctors and exorcists .
3 . Am I the IT staff ?
You are a programmer .
You make software .
You are happy to support your software .
This does not , however , mean you are a computational master of the universe , and just the guy to ask why the receptionist 's laptop got all weird after she installed that Garfield screensaver .
4 . Would I work with a single monitor ?
It 's no longer 1998 .
We do n't have to stare at a single 17 " boat anchor all day while rocking out to Smashmouth .
You can buy huge , thin LCDs for $ 100 each .
If doubling your productivity is n't worth $ 200 to this company , then this company may just be a really elaborate practical joke played by an eccentric billionaire .
Comcast has decided to settle one of the lawsuits brought about over their use of the Sandvine BitTorrent throttling hardware to ' manage ' their network .
For those who were affected , there is the possibility of receiving a payment from a $ 16 million fund set up by the Internet service provider .
The Comcast BitTorrent throttling story is one of the major case studies for net neutrality .
More than two years have passed since we broke the story that led to an FCC investigation and even lawsuits from affected users .
In one of the class action suits that were brought about from the long - running incident , Comcast has now agreed to settle , meaning those affected may be eligible for compensation .
About two and a half years ago , reports surfaced on what appeared to be the throttling of BitTorrent connections by Comcast .
The throttling , first discovered by Rob Toplowski , was confirmed by TorrentFreak , and was first reported in August 2007 .
Other news agencies picked it up later , especially after tests by the EFF and Associated Press confirmed events and included reports that other network based activity was also affected .
Comcast long - denied any wrongdoing , but a leaked memo revealed that the company went as far as instructing its front - line staff to lie about the issue .
Then the FCC got involved and things deteriorated .
At a hearing at Harvard , Comcast packed the venue with people they bussed in , but it did n’t stop the BitTorrent throttling practice being termed a ‘ hacker technique ’ .
Eventually , some assurances were made , and the FCC ordered Comcast to stop using Sandvine .
Meanwhile lawsuits had been filed .
One of these , Hart vs Comcast of Alameda , attained class action status , and there is now a proposed settlement .
Comcast has agreed to put $ 16 M into a fund to pay BitTorrent users that were inconvenienced by the ‘ network management ’ .
The downside is the size of the settlement .
If you qualify , you can receive a maximum of $ 16 , yet still Comcast refuses to accept it did anything wrong .
The administrators of the settlement have set up a website to deal with questions about the case which can be found at www.p2pcongestionsettlement.com
It ’s not hard to imagine that some customers will feel this does n’t go far enough , and undoubtedly the discussion on this topic will continue .
For the affected Comcast users there is still time to decide how to proceed – the deadline for claims is August 14th 2010 .
Meanwhile , network neutrality remains a pipe dream for most people .
CoreDet : A Compiler and Runtime System for Deterministic Multithreaded Execution
Tom Bergan , Owen Anderson , Joseph Devietti , Luis Ceze , and Dan Grossman
The behavior of a multithreaded program does not depend only on its inputs .
Scheduling , memory reordering , timing , and low - level hardware effects all introduce nondeterminism in the execution of multithreaded programs .
This severely complicates many tasks , including debugging , testing , and automatic replication .
In this work , we avoid these complications by eliminating their root cause : we develop a compiler and runtime system that runs arbitrary multithreaded C/C++ POSIX Threads programs deterministically .
A trivial non-performant approach to providing determinism is simply deterministically serializing execution .
Instead , we present a compiler and runtime infrastructure that ensures determinism but resorts to serialization rarely , for handling interthread communication and synchronization .
We develop two basic approaches , both of which are largely dynamic with performance improved by some static compiler optimizations .
First , an ownership - based approach detects interthread communication via an evolving table that tracks ownership of memory regions by threads .
Second , a buffering approach uses versioned memory and employs a deterministic commit protocol to make changes visible to other threads .
While buffering has larger single - threaded overhead than ownership , it tends to scale better ( serializing less often ) .
A hybrid system sometimes performs and scales better than either approach individually .
Mayweather Jr and Pacquaio would have earned millions from the fight Manny Pacquiao has launched legal proceedings against Floyd Mayweather for accusing him of taking performance - enhancing drugs .
The Filipino pulled out of a lucrative fight to face Mayweather on 13 March after the American demanded Olympic - style drugs tests ahead of the bout .
The lawsuit filed in a Las Vegas court names Mayweather 's father , uncle and Golden Boy Promotions .
Oscar de la Hoya , founder of Golden Boy , is also mentioned .
The lawsuit claims the Mayweathers , six - weight world champion
De la Hoya , and Golden Boy Promotions chief executive Richard Schaefer knew that WBO welterweight champion Pacquaio has never taken performance - enhancing drugs and made their statements out of " ill - will , spite , malice , revenge , and envy " .
Pacquaio's lawyer Daniel Petrocelli said : " Manny 's achievements come from God - given talent and an indefatigable work ethic - not steroids .
" He cannot and will not allow others to deliberately misrepresent his years of hard work and tarnish his reputation . "
My way to the top is a result of hard work , hard work , hard work and a lot of blood spilled from my past battles
Manny Pacquaio Pacquaio withdrew from what was expected to be the richest fight in boxing history last week following a disagreement about blood tests 30 days prior to the fight .
The Filipino said he would only give blood before the initial media conference and immediately after the fight .
Although Pacquaio said he would agree to testing by the same agencies that conduct tests for pro American Football and baseball players , he would not sign up to random tests by the US Anti-Doping Agency .
Promoter Bob Arum accused Mayweather 's camp of raising the issue not because they were worried about Pacquiao taking performance - enhancing substances , but because Mayweather Jr never wanted to fight in the first place .
Pacquaio signalled his intentions to take matters into the court room on Christmas Day .
BEN DIRS ' BLOG
This was boxing 's big chance to emerge from the slump .
If the dunces can't sort this mess out , many will think the sport is not worth forgiving .
" I have instructed my promoter , Bob Arum , to help me out in the filing of the case as soon as possible , " said the 31 - year - old , who has never tested positive for performance - enhancing substances .
" Enough is enough .
These people , Mayweather Sr , Jr and Golden Boy Promotions think it is a joke and a right to accuse someone wrongly of using steroids or other performance - enhancing drugs .
" I have tried to just brush it off as a mere pre-fight ploy but I think they have gone overboard .
" I have had people coming over to me now asking if I really take performance - enhancing drugs and I have cheated my way into becoming the number one boxer in the world , " " I maintain and assure everyone that I have not used any form or kind of steroids and that my way to the top is a result of hard work , hard work , hard work and a lot of blood spilled from my past battles in the ring , not outside of it .
" I have no idea what steroids look like and my fear in God has kept me safe and victorious through all these years .
" Now , I say to Floyd Mayweather Jr , do n't be a coward and face me in the ring , mano - a- mano and shut your big , pretty mouth so we can show the world who is the true king of the ring . "
Mayweather 's team tried to diffuse the issue in a statement last week .
It read : " Let it be very clear that nobody from Team Mayweather or Golden Boy Promotions is accusing Pacquiao of anything .
" But the reality seems to be that , for whatever reason , Pacquiao does not want to participate in random blood testing , which has already been deemed a harmless procedure that many current athletes are subjected to , prior to and during competition . "
Unbeaten Mayweather and five - weight champion Pacquaio - considered to be the best pound - for - pound boxers in the world - were set to meet at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas in the biggest fight since the turn of the century .
Pacquiao became a five - weight world champion following his WBO welterweight title win over Miguel Cotto in November , while Nevada - based Mayweather returned from a 21 - month retirement to beat Mexican Juan Manuel Marquez in September .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Another , a former army officer who had been on the Long March with Mao , was punctilious about his appearance , taking particular pride in his military uniform .
A third turned himself into a workhorse .
He was the first one up in the morning and the first to get back to the ditches after a rest period .
Naturally , he was hated by the other men , but , apart from that , his was probably not the best survival strategy : one day he simply dropped dead from overwork .
Mr. Gao ’s strategy was to write , producing tiny characters on whatever scraps of paper he could find .
“ While I wrote , ” he says , “ I was alive . ”
This was a dangerous , potentially fatal , undertaking , but he managed to hide his precious , life - threatening bundle of thoughts and impressions wherever he was sent .
The result is this book .
Its background explains why “ In Search of My Homeland ” is so fragmentary , repetitious and disjointed , and while it may seem mean - spirited to complain , careful editing and supplemental material would have produced a more coherent and rounded work .
Image Er Tai Gao Credit ...
Geri Kodey
When the conditions of his life improved , Mr. Gao married and had a daughter .
Frustratingly , his wife and daughter are mentioned only in passing , even though his wife later died after being sent to a labor camp .
In 1959 Mr. Gao was transferred to Lanzhou to work on some public paintings , then to a second camp until his release in 1962 .
Penniless , he found work doing research at the Mogao Caves , a site of ancient temples with relics dating back to the fourth century .
But in the mid-’60s , as the Cultural Revolution took hold , he was denounced again , demoted to physical labor , humiliated , imprisoned and beaten .
His patron and supervisor at the caves fared worse : beatings left him with no teeth and a spine so badly injured that he could no longer stand .
Mr. Gao left the caves in 1972 , but his life since then is only sketchily presented .
He was officially rehabilitated at the end of the ’70s and taught philosophy at Lanzhou University in the ’80s .
On the last page of the memoir we learn that he fled China for Los Angeles in 1993 .
It ’s tempting to try to read Mr. Gao ’s story optimistically , as a lesson about the strength and resilience of the human spirit , with this book as the happy ending .
The publisher , for example , sees proof of “ the power of hope . ”
Something similar is often said about Holocaust survivors ( as if the millions who did n’t make it were somehow inadequate ) .
Sen .
Carl Levin has a solution to the problem of how to finance our losing , futile war in Afghanistan – a war we are fighting to support what has now been officially deemed the second most corrupt government on earth : he wants a war tax .
An " additional income tax to the upper brackets , folks earning more than $ 200,000 or $ 250,000 " a year is what the Michigan Democrat and powerful chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee proposes .
His colleagues in the House have the same idea , only their tax is far less " progressive . "
David Obey , chairman of the influential Appropriations Committee , John Murtha , who chairs the Defense Subcommittee , and Barney Frank , the banksters ’ catamite who heads up the House Financial Services Committee , have proposed the " Share the Sacrifice Act of 2010 " – and is n’t that a title worthy of Atlas Shrugged ‘s mealy - mouthed villains ?
In this " share - the - shafting " version of the Democrats ’ war tax , everyone is conscripted into paying for our foreign policy of endless war , including those who are least able to afford it .
If you make " up to $ 150,000 " a year you would have to pay an extra 1 percent .
The balance will come from those who make more .
Now that ’s real egalitarianism for you : all must suffer , none are spared , because … well , do n’t you know there ’s a war on ?
What – you ’re against a tax hike ?
You ’re no doubt a terrorist sympathizer , or , perhaps , even an agent of al - Qaeda .
I can hardly wait for the Democrats to employ this type of rhetoric , memorializing the neocon charge , made during the post - 9/11 madness , that opponents of invading Afghanistan and Iraq constituted a " fifth column " – oh , wait , it ’s already happened .
( Andrew Sullivan , who made just that accusation against the antiwar movement , can now hurl the same charge at tax opponents , since he seems to have switched sides , or parties , in the meantime .
Oh , the advantages of ideological ambidexterity ! )
But of course we are already paying a war tax , and it is a lot bigger than the official statistics would have you believe .
The government claims to spend a mere 20 percent of tax revenue on military appropriations , but in reality , as the War Resisters League trenchantly points out , the number is more like 36 percent – and that ’s not counting the 18 percent spent on past wars .
In addition to these revealing numbers , we have a substantial hidden tax – the inflation tax – which , again , targets those who can least afford it and also punishes the virtuous among the working poor and middle class : the savers .
To the extent that the government can , it tries to disguise its plundering , pillaging ways , and these stealth tactics include " monetizing " its debts , i.e. , printing money hand over fist and degrading its own fiat paper currency , mortgaging our children ’s tomorrows to pay for the wars we fight today .
This is a method Rep .
Frank knows only too well , which is why he tried to scuttle antiwar Republican Ron Paul ’s " Audit the Fed " bill , which would open up to public scrutiny the operations of the " private " banking cartel that makes our debt - driven system possible .
It was the Federal Reserve that bailed out Barney ’s friends over at Goldman Sachs and Bank of America – and certainly the War Machine is also " too big to fail . "
More human sacrifices must be made on the altar of the war god before that cruel deity is appeased : that ’s what they really mean by " share the sacrifice . "
It was all too predictable that the Democrats would hitch their war wagon to an effort to raise taxes and increase the size and scope of government , but it ’s also politically savvy .
As John T. Flynn , the former liberal turned libertarian of the 1930s who opposed both the corporatist " reforms " of the New Deal and FDR ’s march to war , pointed out in his classic As We Go Marching [ . pdf ] , it was possible to get conservative assent to FDR ’s big spending programs and revolutionary expansion of federal power on the pretext of military preparedness :
" The gaudiest of these job - making boondoggles , " he wrote , " is militarism . "
The greasy evasiveness of the Obey - Murtha - Frank tax - ’em triumvirate is epitomized in their joint statement , which declares : " Regardless of whether one favors the war or not , if it is to be fought , it ought to be paid for . "
This is one of those oh - so - serious - sounding aphorisms , popular in Washington , which have neither moral sense nor logical consistency .
If you ’re a member of Congress who opposes the war , why then are you voting to fund it – and in what sense , other than a purely Platonic one , can such legislators claim to be war opponents ?
No , it does n’t have to be paid for ; it has to be ended .
And the only way it will end is if a congressional majority refuses to fund it .
Period .
Full stop .
But of course these " antiwar " Democrats support the president ’s plan to escalate the Afghan war .
Worse , they are standing idly by as he expands the conflict into Pakistan .
In the meantime , they are more than happy to use the war as a pretext for grabbing more of the fast - dwindling national income .
Is there a word in English that describes a hypocrite who profits from – and , indeed , delights in – his own hypocrisy ?
Since there are certain words they do n’t allow me to say here , cretins is the closest I can come .
A certain variety of modern liberal is temperamentally and ideologically suited to warmongering .
No , I ’m not talking about old - fashioned liberals of the Flynn type , nor the touchy - feely liberals of my generation , the Sixties crowd of white middle - class ex-hippies gone corporate , who feel a twinge of guilt when they hear the politicians they voted for declaiming on the alleged " necessity " of immersing ourselves in the Afghan quagmire .
They remember a place called Vietnam .
No , I ’m talking about the " smart , " young , hard - eyed liberals and left - neocons in the Peter Beinart–Jamie Kirchick–New Republic mold , who meld the worst aspects of lefty political correctness with reverence for such mass - murdering monsters as Harry Truman and Winston Churchill .
They want one thing and one thing only : all power to be centered in Washington , D.C. , where the sun rises and sets .
These youngsters know their history , and they recognize that one surefire way to accomplish this is to invoke the wartime hysteria that makes this massive transfer of resources much easier , as FDR – and Woodrow Wilson , another " liberal " – demonstrated to earlier generations of Democrats .
It ’s a lesson this generation is just now in the process of learning .
Whether some of them will rebel at this particular lesson plan and undergo a shift of allegiances , like Flynn , remains to be seen .
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
I naturally ca n’t let a column about a proposed war tax go by without reminding you that our fundraising drive is reaching its effective end today , and , no , we ca n’t tax you – and we would n’t want that power even if it were given to us .
A war tax is bad enough ; an " antiwar tax " is an oxymoron , because only governments make war , and they alone have the power to tax .
We , on the other hand , must rely on the voluntary support of our readers .
Yes , it ’s bad enough the government is stealing your hard - earned money and redistributing it to Goldman Sachs , Lockheed - Martin , and the warlords of Afghanistan , but there ’s one way to salvage at least a portion of your federal tax dollars , and that is by making a monetary contribution to this Web site .
We ’re a 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax - exempt organization , and all contributions are tax - deductible .
So ask yourself this : should I give 100 percent of my tax dollars to the War Machine , or should I make sure the Machine ’s most tireless opponents get at least a share of the dollars I ’ll have to fork over anyway ?
Stop the war tax – and support Antiwar.com at the same time .
Give today .
Go on over to The Hill , Capitol Hill ’s newspaper of record , and check out my latest commentary , this time on the impact of the " stimulus " and the prospect of yet another boondoggle to cover up the failure of the first one .
One day in spring 1979 , Robert E. Heggestad walked into a small antique shop in Arlington , Va. Mr. Heggestad , a young lawyer from Iowa , was looking for Chinese carpets .
The selection of rugs in the small back room was disappointing , and he was about to leave when he noticed a handsome rosewood cabinet behind the cash register .
The owner wanted a sum that far exceeded Mr. Heggestad ’s budget  a colossal $ 600 .
“ I was just out of law school , I had no money and no business buying it , ” he said .
But the owner was willing to take installments of $ 100 a month , and into Mr. Heggestad ’s possession fell an incomparable scientific treasure .
The cabinet belonged to Alfred Russel Wallace , the English naturalist who conceived the idea of evolution through natural selection independently of Charles Darwin .
It arrived earlier this month at the American Museum of Natural History on loan from Mr. Heggestad and will be on display starting Tuesday , the 150th anniversary of the publication of Darwin ’s “ On the Origin of Species . ”
Image A drawer from the cabinet exhibiting a collection of butterflies .
Credit ... Robert E. Heggestad
The cabinet is “ a national treasure , ” said David Grimaldi , a curator at the museum , citing its historical value and Wallace ’s role in the theory of evolution .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The next big culture war battle is about to be waged in an unlikely place : the restroom .
After many years , Congress may finally have the votes to pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act ( ENDA ) .
The measure , which the Obama administration views as key to advancing gay rights , would ban workplace discrimination against gays , lesbians , and transgendered people .
But Christian right groups are fighting the legislation — on the grounds that it would force businesses to allow transgendered and “ transitioning ” men and women to use opposite - sex restrooms or face lawsuits from the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission .
The Traditional Values Coalition , a major foe of ENDA , has written a lengthy report on the potential dangers of the legislation , and the bathroom crisis is high on the list .
As proof of the coming bathroom integration , it cites a Seattle incident in which two women who were taking male hormones were thrown out of a men ’s room at the Washington convention center .
The women were staging a “ pee-in ” as part of a Gender Odyssey Conference , but TVC sees “ she - men ” invading the hallowed confines of men ’s restrooms everywhere should ENDA pass .
In talking points issued to ENDA opponents , Liberty Counsel , the conservative public interest firm associated with Jerry Falwell ‘s Liberty University , warns :
ENDA mandates that employers give access to shared facilities , such as restrooms and other similar facilities for those who are of the same sex , but have an opposite gender identity ( i.e. a male identifying as female ) , or of those who have notified their employer of an ongoing gender transition ( i.e. a male transitioning to a female ) .
Those employees would be allowed to share restrooms and other similar facilities with members of the opposite sex .
Peter LaBarbera , president of the anti-gay group Americans for Truth , has called ENDA the “ Transgendered Bathrooms for Business ” bill .
He frets on his website that women will be forced to share facilities with “ a big - boned man claiming to be ‘ transitioning ’ to ‘ womanhood . ' ”
He writes , “ Biologically - born ladies , beware ! ”
Conservative activists warn that by pushing ENDA , the Obama administration is embracing not just the homosexual agenda , but that of liberal atheist George Soros .
His Open Society Institute helped fund a 2005 study by the Transgender Law Center called “ Peeing in Peace : A Resource Guide for Transgender Activists and Allies , ” which argued for an end to the men ’s - only room .
The study highlights the fact that some transgendered people have been fired because of issues related to bathroom use .
By adding both “ sexual orientation ” and “ gender identity ” to the language in federal anti-discrimination laws , ENDA would protect them , much to the religious right ’s chagrin .
Potty paranoia is the latest attempt by social conservatives to fight the march of gay rights promoted by the Obama administration .
They launched a similarly hysterical attack on federal hate crimes legislation that extended protection to gays and lesbians .
Conservative groups painted the bill as an attack on religious liberty and free speech and raised a parade of hypothetical horrors that might befall the country if it passed .
Among other things , Christian right groups claimed , the law would send pastors to prison for preaching against homosexuality .
The bill passed anyway , leaving conservative Christians feeling as if they were under siege .
But perhaps even more than the hate crimes bill , ENDA scares conservatives because they see it as the beginning of the end .
If it passes , it will make it easier to eliminate other anti-gay legislation such as the Defense of Marriage Act and the ban on gays in the military .
In a September speech , John Berry , the openly gay director of the Office of Personnel Management , fueled conservatives ’ concern that ENDA is a Trojan horse for gay rights : “ If we can get ENDA enacted and signed into law , it is only a matter of time before all the rest happens .
It is the keystone that holds up the whole bunch , and so we need to focus our energies and attention there . ”
If ENDA passes , it could eventually be enforced in part by Chai Feldblum , who drafted the legislation and whom Obama has nominated to a seat on the EEOC .
A Georgetown law professor , Feldblum has argued passionately that gay sex is not only normal , but is morally equivalent to straight sex , a view that does n’t go down well with the Moral Majority types .
Her views on marriage and sexuality are so liberal that the Family Research Council has claimed she supports polygamy .
( She actually supports government recognition and support of pretty much any intimate relationship , sexual or not , though at her confirmation hearing , she said she did not support polygamy . )
For all their fearmongering , conservatives are n’t winning many converts in their fight against gay - rights legislation .
Feldblum sailed through her confirmation hearing with little resistance from Republicans and is likely to be confirmed by the full Senate this week .
The hate crimes bill passed the Senate 68 - to - 29 .
Obama maintains that he intends to end the “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ” policy that prevents gays from serving in the military .
And it looks likely that ENDA — a version of which passed by the House in 2007 but died in the Senate after veto threats from George W. Bush — finally has the support to become law .
That ’s because a lot has changed since the law was first drafted back in 1994 .
A number of states already have laws protecting gays and lesbians from workplace discrimination .
Focus on the Family circulated a number of alleged abominations those laws have created , the worst being a case in which a California company was sued and paid out more than $ 1 million for failing to grant a promotion to a man who came to work dressed as a woman .
When Family Research Council president Tony Perkins testified against the bill in September , he pointed out that in the first 18 months after Oregon ’s sexual orientation nondiscrimination law went into effect , only 62 complaints were filed — 2 percent of all employment discrimination complaints .
Perkins argued that the stats showed the law was n’t needed .
But the numbers also make it hard for people to get too worked up over the possibility of a similar federal statute , even one that contains scary potty equality provisions .
Unless they happen to be in the Castro or DC ’s DuPont Circle , the odds that most people will run into a drag queen in the ladies ’ room are about the same as getting a foot tap from Larry Craig ( which members of Congress have apparently been risking for years ) .
And such an encounter would hardly justify depriving a whole class of people the right to be treated fairly in the workplace .
Congress , it seems , is starting to understand that .
For about four months , Yuma resident Anthony Avalos was your typical high school student .
He went to class , chased some tail , and played basketball .
So , when Yuma Union High School District officials found out that Avalos was actually a 22 - year - old man , not a 17 - or 18 - year - old high school senior , it goes without saying they felt a little duped .
Oh , and the underage high school chick he admitted to police he had sex with while claiming to be a student himself -- she can't be all that thrilled either .
" We had no suspicion at all , " says Richard Faidley , associate superintendent for YUHSD .
" You could walk across our campus and see a lot of kids with his age appearance . "
We took one look at this " kid " and checked to make sure we still had our wallets .
He did n't raise any suspicion ?
About half - way through the last school year , Avalos went to the school district and registered himself for school .
He never had to show any documentation of his age because of a federal law that requires schools to allow homeless kids to register for school with essentially no questions asked .
The law , the McKinney - Vento Act , was the result of droves of students who were displaced during Hurricane Katrina -- many of whom had their records destroyed by the floods in New Orleans .
Faidley says Avalos must have known about this and pounced on the opportunity to head back to school .
" We found out eventually that he is from Crestview , Florida and graduated from Crestview High School in 2005 , " Faidley says .
" So he was in that part of the country and must of had some idea that he could do this . "
Why the hell would someone want to go back to high school , you ask ?
Hoops baby !
Avalo was hoping that going back to high school would give him the opportunity to show his stuff on the court and maybe get a scholarship to play in college .
It did n't seem to bother him that if he were to play in college , he would be older than most of the students there , too .
Faidley says , on three separate occasions , district officials tried to contact a school in Louisiana that Avalo claimed to have attended before going to Yuma , but it never got back to them .
Faidley says it was n't until Avalo tried to register to play basketball that his attempt to relive his high school glory days was cut short .
Avalos made a fake birth certificate on his computer , that aside from just looking fake , had spelling errors all over it .
The district launched an investigation and finally realized that a 22 - year - old man had been posing as a high school kid for more than four months .
Police were called , and Avalos was arrested and charged with forgery and sexual conduct with a minor .
Avalo is being held on $ 100,000 bail -- no word on that scholarship .
After reading the article below , you may want to also see this one :
What You Can Do Personally to Stop Forced Swine Flu “ Vaccinations ”
____________________________________________________________________________
This is a re-post of :
“ Forced Vaccinations , Quarantine Camps , Health Care Interrogations and Mandatory Decontaminations ”
By Mike Adams
Natural News
August 28 , 2009
The United States of America is devolving into medical fascism and Massachusetts is leading the way with the passage of a new bill , the “ Pandemic Response Bill ” 2028 , reportedly just passed by the MA state Senate and now awaiting approval in the House .
This bill suspends virtually all Constitutional rights of Massachusetts citizens and forces anyone “ suspected ” of being infected to submit to interrogations , “ decontaminations ” and vaccines .
It ’s also sets fines up to $ 1,000 per day for anyone who refuses to submit to quarantines , vaccinations , decontamination efforts or to follow any other verbal order by virtually any state - licensed law enforcement or medical personnel .
You can read the text yourself here : http://www.mass.gov/legis/bills/sen…
Here ’s some of the language contained in the bill :
( Violation of 4th Amendment : Illegal search and seizure )
During either type of declared emergency , a local public health authority … may exercise authority … to require the owner or occupier of premises to permit entry into and investigation of the premises ; to close , direct , and compel the evacuation of , or to decontaminate or cause to be
decontaminated any building or facility ; to destroy any material ; to restrict or prohibit assemblages of persons ;
( Violation of 14th Amendment ; illegal arrest without a warrant )
… an officer authorized to serve criminal process may arrest without a warrant any person whom the officer has probable cause to believe has violated an order given to effectuate the purposes of this subsection and shall use reasonable diligence to enforce such order .
[ Gunpoint ]
( Government price controls )
The attorney general , in consultation with the office of consumer affairs and business regulation , and upon the declaration by the governor that a supply emergency exists , shall take appropriate action to ensure that no person shall sell a product or service that is at a price that unreasonably exceeds the price charged before the emergency .
“ Involuntary Transportation ” ( also known as kidnapping )
Law enforcement authorities , upon order of the commissioner or his agent or at the request of a local public health authority pursuant to such order , shall assist emergency medical technicians or other appropriate medical personnel in the involuntary transportation of such person to the tuberculosis treatment center .
$ 1,000 / day in fines
Any person who knowingly violates an order , as to which noncompliance poses a serious danger to public health as determined by the commissioner or the local public health authority , shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than 30 days or a fine of not more than one thousand dollars per day that the violation continues , or both .
Forced vaccinations
Furthermore , when the commissioner or a local public health authority within its jurisdiction determines that either or both of the following measures are necessary to prevent a serious danger to the public health the commissioner or local public health authority may exercise the following authority : ( 1 ) to vaccinate or provide precautionary prophylaxis to individuals as protection against communicable disease …
Forced quarantine for those who refuse ( illegal imprisonment without charge )
An individual who is unable or unwilling to submit to vaccination or treatment shall not be required to submit to such procedures but may be isolated or quarantined pursuant to section 96 of chapter 111 if his or her refusal poses a serious danger to public health or results in uncertainty whether he or she has been exposed to or is infected with a disease or condition that poses a serious danger to public health , as determined by the commissioner , or a local public health authority operating within its jurisdiction .
Arrest for refusal to be “ decontaminated ”
If an individual is unable or unwilling to submit to decontamination or procedures necessary for diagnosis , the decontamination or diagnosis procedures may proceed only pursuant to an order of the superior court …
During the time necessary to obtain such court order , such individual may be isolated or quarantined pursuant to section 96 of chapter 111 if his or her refusal to submit to decontamination or diagnosis procedures poses a serious danger to public health or results in uncertainty whether he or she has been exposed to or is infected with a disease or condition that poses a serious danger to public health .
Interrogation
When the commissioner or a local public health authority within its jurisdiction reasonably believes that a person may have been exposed to a disease or condition that poses a threat to the public health , in addition to their authority under section 96 of chapter 111 , the commissioner or the local public health authority may detain the person for as long as may be reasonably necessary for the commissioner or the local public health authority , to convey information to the person regarding the disease or condition and to obtain contact information …
If a person detained under subsection ( 1 ) refuses to provide the information requested , the person may be isolated or quarantined pursuant to section 96 of chapter 111 if his or her refusal poses a serious danger to public health …
Forced isolation and quarantine
An order for isolation or quarantine may include any individual who is unwilling or unable to undergo vaccination , precautionary prophylaxis , medical treatment , decontamination , medical examinations , tests , or specimen collection and whose refusal of one or more of these measures poses a serious danger to public health or results in uncertainty whether he or she has been exposed to or is infected with a disease or condition that poses a serious danger to public health .
Forced entry into any home or building
There ’s a lot more in this bill , including language that allows Mass .
police to enter any home or building without a search warrant , to destroy any object or building they suspect may pose a threat to public safety , to order the closing and / or decontamination of any facility using highly toxic chemical decontamination agents , and to arrest , detain and interrogate anyone who gets in their way .
Meanwhile , all state law enforcement and medical personnel are granted complete immunity from prosecution for their part in violating your Constitutional rights .
So if they violate your right to due process , or they accidentally destroy your home , or they kill your family dog because they suspect it might be infected , you have absolutely zero recourse .
Under this bill , Massachusetts becomes a medical police state .
There is no debating it .
It ’s all written , clear as day , in this law :
The citizens of Massachusetts will have no rights , period .
The Constitution is ancient history .
You are now the property of the State .
Kiss your freedoms goodbye
Massachusetts , it seems , has never met a vaccine it did n’t like .
This is the same state that rounded up the parents of schoolchildren who had n’t been vaccinated , then corralled them into a courtroom ( with attack dogs standing guard outside ) and forced vaccine injections onto all the schoolchildren under the threat of jail time for parents who resisted .
Remember , readers , that this is all taking place in the “ land of the free , ” a nation that former President George Bush claimed was so envied around the world that terrorists attacked America because they “ hate freedom ” and wanted to destroy our way of life .
But terrorists need no help attacking freedom as long as Massachusetts is in the vaccine game , because this latest form of “ gunpoint medicine ” destroys freedom for everyday Americans in a way that terrorists could have never hoped to accomplish with all the bombs in the world .
Massachusetts , it seems , has done what terrorists could not :
It has turned “ free ” Americans into medical slave subjects who no longer have any freedom to decide the details of their own medical care .
All options have been stripped from them but one : The Big Pharma option .
That ’s the one that involves using untested , unproven and potentially dangerous vaccines that could paralyze you or even kill you .
All to defend you against a virus that ’s so weak , almost anyone with decent levels of vitamin D and basic nutrition can resist the virus without incident .
But Massachusetts , as you ’ll see below , is just the beginning .
It turns out that the whole nation could soon find itself under a similar forced vaccination policy …
Isolation camps , forced vaccinations and more
In 2006 , former President George Bush signed into law the Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness Act ( PREP ) .
It gives power to the Secretary of the U.S. government ’s Health and Human Services department ( HHS ) to declare any infectious disease a “ national emergency ” and therefore require mandatory vaccination of the entire population .
Because of the existence of this PREP
Act , the entire population of the USA is now but one pen stroke away from being subjected to mandatory swine flu vaccinations at gunpoint .
Those who resist such vaccines will be arrested and taken away for “ isolation ” in domestic prison camps .
They ca n’t just leave vaccine refusers free to live among the population , of course , because that would send the message that anyone can refuse the vaccines without consequence .
So they ’ll arrest those who refuse the vaccine , labeling them “ a threat to national security ” ( enemies of the state ) and imprison them without trial , without charges and without any legal representation whatsoever .
Meanwhile , all those who take part in enforcing these crimes against the American people will be granted complete immunity .
From the HHS website : “ [ the Secretary may ] issue a declaration … that provides immunity from tort liability ( except for willful misconduct ) for claims of loss caused , arising out of , relating to , or resulting from administration or use of ( vaccine or other pharmaceutical ) countermeasures to diseases , threats and conditions determined by the Secretary to constitute a present , or credible risk of a future public health emergency … ”
There are other laws already on the books that strip Americans of virtually all Constitutional rights in a “ pandemic emergency ” scenario .
One such act is The Pandemic and All - Hazards Preparedness Act ( S. 3678 ) , which probably merits another article altogether .
Have no illusions :
At the stroke of a pen , the Constitutional rights of all Americans will be immediately suspended .
Mandatory vaccinations and “ decontaminations ” will kick in and the mass arrest of resisters will begin .
There will be no court , no trial , no jury and no due process .
Your actions will be dictated to you by a law enforcement officer or a health care worker who has been granted complete immunity , so if you just happen to get kicked around a bit ( or shot ) , there ’s really nothing you can do about it .
Some might argue these are necessary actions to save a nation from a deadly pandemic .
And yet they forget that the pandemic has been intentionally allowed to worsen by censoring information about vitamin D and natural remedies that could stop it .
Somebody at the top , in other words , wants this pandemic to get really bad , perhaps because it allows them to invoke precisely the draconian response I ’ve outlined in this article .
Seizing power in a Democracy cannot be accomplished by simply declaring war on the rights of the People .
Rather , a situation must be engineered where the People are so desperate that they beg to be controlled .
Releasing a pandemic into the wild is the perfect way to accomplish precisely that .
Timing
None of these laws will be invoked before the vaccines are ready in large numbers , of course .
Part of the purpose in all this is to prop up Big Pharma profits with massive vaccination efforts , so until the vaccines are actually available , do n’t expect to see any declarations of a public emergency .
It might take until October or November before the vaccines are readily available in sufficient quantity to inject just half the U.S. population .
But once that milestone is reached , a declaration of a pandemic emergency is imminent .
Trust me on this point :
They wo n’t let all those hundreds of millions of vaccines sit around unused ; they ’ll make sure they get injected into the People as soon as possible , because that ’s the only way to justify making more .
So the sequence of events we ’re likely to see here are :
#1) Waiting on vaccine manufacturing to procure at least 150 million doses in the U.S. Probable timeframe = October .
#2) Hyping up a few local swine flu breakouts in schools in order to justify step # 3 .
Probable timeframe = November / December .
#3) Declaring a full - blown national emergency and announcing mandatory vaccinations for everyone ( to use up the vaccines that are now available ) .
Probable timeframe = January / February / March .
#4) If the disease continues to spread , this is when you ’ll see forced entry into homes and buildings , forced “ decontamination ” sprayings , widespread arrests and forced quarantine of resisters , Martial Law and a complete crackdown on freedoms ( especially in the inner cities ) .
This will likely continue through the winter until Spring arrives , bringing the sunshine that will suppress the virus around the May 2010 timeframe .
All this is written in black ink .
It ’s already part of the pandemic response plan .
Body bags , FEMA camps and much more .
Two years ago , this was all the domain of conspiracy theory “ wingnuts . ”
Now it ’s State law .
Now it ’s being openly discussed in security conferences and health care meetings .
What will we do when the hospital beds are full ?
How will we accomplish the “ involuntary transportation ” of those who are infected ?
Are there enough zip - tie handcuffs to go around ?
How do we disarm and arrest citizens who refuse to be vaccinated ?
How do we prevent National Guard troops from becoming infected themselves ?
These are the questions circulating now at high levels , all across the world .
And the answers are always the same : Abandon freedoms .
Strip the People of any rights .
Dictate from the top down and arrest anyone who gets in your way .
Welcome to the Land of the Free .
I hope you are prepared for what looks to be coming , because this is n’t America anymore , folks .
The Constitutional rights you thought you had are about to be written right off the books .
Here is a list of the Mass State Representatives to contact immediately and tell them that they are committing treason and other crimes if they vote for this unconstitutional “ pandemic response bill ” 2028 and will be dealt with accordingly under the laws and Constitution - the Supreme Law of the Land :
http://www.mass.gov/legis/memmenuh.htm
See next article : What You Can Do Personally to Stop Forced Swine Flu “ Vaccinations ”
____________________________________________________________________________
____________________________________________________________________________
Share this post on Stumbleupon !
Subscribe in a reader
We 're sorry for the inconvenience .
The page you are trying to view returned : Not Found .
Please have a look at other parts of the site .
Ms Harman replied : " I 'm happy to condemn those who simply have no recognition of the fact that people expect the banks to play a part in the economy and lend out to businesses , pay back the money they 've needed - because they 've nearly fallen off the edge of a cliff because of recklessness and irresponsibility - and expect them not to at the back end of all of this be awarding themselves massive bonuses . "
Scientists have determined that a number of human activities are contributing to global warming by adding excessive amounts of greenhouse gases to the atmosphere .
Greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide accumulate in the atmosphere and trap heat that normally would exit into outer space .
Greenhouse Gases and Global Climate Change
While many greenhouse gases occur naturally and are needed to create the greenhouse effect that keeps the Earth warm enough to support life , human use of fossil fuels is the main source of excess greenhouse gases .
By driving cars , using electricity from coal - fired power plants , or heating our homes with oil or natural gas , we release carbon dioxide and other heat - trapping gases into the atmosphere .
Deforestation is another significant source of greenhouse gases , as exposed soils release carbon dioxide , and fewer trees mean less carbon dioxide conversion to oxygen .
The production of cement involves a chemical reaction responsible for a surprisingly large amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere every year .
During the 150 years of the industrial age , the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide has increased by 31 percent .
Over the same period , the level of atmospheric methane , another important greenhouse gas , has risen by 151 percent , mostly from agricultural activities such as raising cattle and growing rice .
Methane leaks at natural gas wells are another major contributor to climate change .
There are steps we can take to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in our life , encourage carbon emission reduction programs , methane emission reduction laws , and we can support global climate change mitigation projects .
Can Natural Sun Cycles Explain Global Climate Change ?
In short , no .
There are variations in the amount of energy we receive from the sun due to factors like orbital patterns and sunspots , but none which can explain the current warming , according to the IPCC .
Direct Effects of Global Climate Change
Many of the effects of climate change can be tied directly to some very important changes in our atmosphere
Because of important gas and heat transfers between the atmosphere and sea water , a suite of : changes in the oceans ave been observed
The frozen parts of the Earth are especially vulnerable to climate change .
The latest IPCC report explained the impacts on the world 's polar ice caps , glaciers , and permafrost
The Consequences of Global Warming
The increase in trapped heat changes the climate and alters weather patterns , which may change the timing of seasonal natural events , and the frequency of extreme weather events .
Polar ice is vanishing , and sea levels are rising , causing coastal flooding .
Climate change leads to food security , and even national security , concerns .
Agricultural practices have been affected , including the production of maple syrup .
There are also health consequences to climate change .
Warmer winters allow for range expansions of white - tailed deer and deer ticks , increasing the incidence of Lyme disease .
Edited by Frederic Beaudry
SOE just sent out a mass e-mail to PlanetSide subscribers new and old with a rather interesting proposition ...
Help Us Design the Next PlanetSide Game
That 's right , you heard what we said !
We plan to expand the PlanetSide universe with another game and we need your help with the design .
After all , who knows the game better than you , our customers , the people who actually play it !
Do n't worry about the original PlanetSide , it is n't going anywhere .
We want to hear your opinion and to do so we have put together a short survey .
The information you provide will play a critical role into helping guide the development and direction of the next hit Massively Multiplayer Online First Person Shooter .
As a loyal player and experienced shooter fan , we value your input and look forward to hearing what you have to say .
Well well well , it appears we may have a successor to PlanetSide in the works !
We are going to attempt to see if we can get some more information about this breaking news .
Some of the questions included in the survey were " How many Factions should there be " and " What do you think of Micro Transactions " .
They also asked questions about what games you play currently and how you like them .
Some examples are Tribes , Left 4 Dead and Team Fortress 2 .
To add some fuel to the fire John Smedley had some interesting posts on his Twitter Feed a few weeks back .
" PlanetSide Next ... " " you will like . "
We will have more information as soon as it is available .
A special shout out to Tigersmith for the tip off .
UPDATE : It appears that the domain www.planetside2.com was recently acquired and modified by SOE :
Sony Online Entertainment , LLC .
8928 Terman Court
San Diego , CA 92121
US
858-577-3487 fax : 858-577-3200
Record expires on 26 - Nov-2010 .
Record created on 21 - Sep-2009 .
This page originally contained a spoof website but it now redirects to the official PlanetSide website .
UPDATE 2 : We were able to speak with John Smedley , CEO of Sony Online , tonight .
While we could not get any specific information about the all - but - confirmed PlanetSide 2 , I was able to get some feedback on the current PlanetSide :
1 . A new patch is coming .
We 're going to be fully Vista compliant among other things and bug fixes / anti-hacking work .
2. Planetside fans will be happy
We have big things planned in the next 12 months .
We 're working on something new that 's really cool .
Some awesome news for the current game !!
As always PSU will be your # 1 source for any new and upcoming information about PlanetSide 2 so stay tuned !
Any time anyone tells you that a dream is impossible , any time you ’re discouraged by impossible challenges , just mutter this mantra : Tererai Trent .
Of all the people earning university degrees this year , perhaps the most remarkable story belongs to Tererai ( pronounced TEH - reh - rye ) , a middle - aged woman who is one of my heroes .
She is celebrating a personal triumph , but she ’s also a monument to the aid organizations and individuals who helped her .
When you hear that foreign - aid groups just squander money or build dependency , remember that by all odds Tererai should be an illiterate , battered cattle - herd in Zimbabwe and instead  ah , but I ’m getting ahead of my story .
Tererai was born in a village in rural Zimbabwe , probably sometime in 1965 , and attended elementary school for less than one year .
Her father married her off when she was about 11 to a man who beat her regularly .
She seemed destined to be one more squandered African asset .
Gas Pump Blues – for 100,000 Years
They ’re on practically every corner .
Some people feel nervous at the gas pump .
Others are outraged .
Everybody knows prices are going nowhere but up .
Did you know a gallon of gas weighs about 6 pounds – or 2.7 kilos ?
Almost all of it – 5 pounds , 2.2 kilos – goes straight into the atmosphere as carbon dioxide , out the exhaust pipe .
And that substantial weight , for every additional gallon or liter we burn , remains as CO2 for 100,000 years .
Do n’t believe it ?
Stay tuned .
We ’ll talk with David Archer , a top climate scientist .
He ’s the author of “ The Long Thaw ” .
That ’s what we ’re living in , the time all humans will live in , for ten times the length of all history .
In our second half hour .
First , I want to know : when does the oil society seize up ?
What happens to the American way of life , if gasoline goes to $ 7 a gallon ?
That ’s what financial expert Jeff Rubin predicts .
Think that ’s tough ?
What about $ 20 a gallon ?
We ’re going to dive right into an interview with Chris Steiner .
Christopher Steiner is senior staff reporter at Forbes magazine .
His new book is Twenty Dollars per Gallon :
How the inevitable rise in the price of gasoline will change our lives – for the better .
READ MORE
with more links .
This is a beta release .
The library may be changed significantly .
Rationale
Python is a good choice for many software tools , but it lacks clarity and simplicity of command shells when it comes to running command pipelines from scripts .
The standard subprocess module provides basic inter- processing tools , but it requires lots of lines to express a single shell line .
Despite ongoing economic collapse , American audiences are still finding the cash to reward studios for producing the most mediocre slate of films in memory with attendance at US theater up five percent in the past year .
The LA Times reports on the possible reasons for the upswing , in a report that shows both audiences and the industry in a state of almost complete denial about what constitutes entertainment , and what constitutes " value . "
The most preposterous claim made in the piece , as industry savants try to explain the inexplicable uptick , is that the return to the theaters has " led to plenty of talk in Hollywood that recent movies might simply be better quality . "
Now look here 2009 , you may not have taken us off a cliff like we thought you would , but for a year in which Transformers 2 is the highest grossing film , in which seven of the top ten are franchise installments , in which Paul Blart : Mall Cop is on the top 20 — for such a year to talk to us about an upswing in quality suggests a hubris worthy of Nebakanezer himself .
Also on the LAT 's list of possible causes for the return to the theater —
Hollywood 's now familiar Pied Piper for all that ails it — the call of 3D .
They quote an industry titan :
" This is people rediscovering going to the movies . "
The rapid expansion of 3 - D projection this year has undoubtedly helped the industry , offering a compelling experience in theaters that can't yet be replicated in the home — along with ticket price surcharges that help the studios ' and exhibitors ' bottom lines .
Yes , we certainly understand the hope that moviegoers of the world will be so thrilled by the notion of pointy things jumping out of the screen that they will flood back to the multiplexes , but we fear that although the technology may be less headachey than it was in the 50's and 80's , the previous times we went through this , sooner or later the world is going to realize that they are getting the exact same lousy film except with some stuff floating in front of the screen ; and they have to pay more and wear annoying glasses to see that .
Then again , maybe they wo n't .
Demonstrating that the real answer for the trend might just be that Americans are suffering from some kind of severe brain damage or post traumatic stress , the LA Times quotes a survey :
Research firm OTX discovered in a survey early this year that consumers ranked moviegoing as the best value for their entertainment dollar .
In early 2008 , a similar survey ranked moviegoing fifth , behind going out to dinner , watching a DVD at home , watching favorite TV shows , and surfing the Web .
Yes , suddenly paying 10 - 15 dollars a head , plus another 10 for popcorn , plus parking , is now a better value than watching television ... which is , all included , free .
So perhaps the failure of American society in general will provide all the solutions to Hollywood 's problems .
Rather than making movies better , we can sit back until more people to be spat out of the post - apocalypse education system and let the sea level fall until the audiences are stupid enough that they actually think :
1. Transformers 2 is good .
and
2 . They are getting a great value on it .
Just like in a Hollywood movie , looks like in the end , everything 's going to fall into place just fine .
The “ Declaration of Family Rights ” was written to express fundamental rights that need to be the basis of any Family Law system ( and certainly are not recognized at present ! )
SIGN petition in support
As many of you this a big step .
It would fully recognize and protect the basic Civil / Human Right we all have to be parents to our own children , and for our children to have BOTH parents in their lives .
Perhaps the introduction of a Law ( even at the State level ) , that directly addresses the concept of equality in parenting might help .
What better place to start than at birth ?
Should n’t biological parents have the “ right ” to know they have a child ?
John Murtari , Group Coordinator , has been involved in discussion with his member of the State Legislature ( New York ) , Assemblyman Robert Oaks ( click for his website ) .
You can read a complete history below .
John has spoken with him in person several times and also members of his staff .
They are all very nice people , but right now he feels there would be strong political risk in such a Bill and will not introduce it .
I hope that through our positive efforts we can convince him otherwise .
Obviously , in almost all cases a mother knows that she is going to be parent and this Act hopes to bring equality to fathers ; however , as science advances we may soon find the ability to take an ‘ egg ’ and bring it to term — and perhaps ignore the biological mother .
But remember , our group goal is to ensure we are all considered Fit & Equal parents .
The discussion of this Act would help not only Fathers , but Mothers , and also those who have suffered from false child abuse allegations .
Why ?
It will get people thinking about Family Rights and how those rights should be recognized and protected .
None of the Act is ‘ proprietary ’ — anyone is welcome to modify it and use it within your state .
JOIN THE EFFORT : Let ’s help convince him and other good people like him that the time has come .
You are welcome to call / write him ( contact info below ) .
We are trying to find parents to join John ( See schedule and details below ! ) .
email : oaksr@assembly.state.ny.us
phone : 315-946-5166
write : Assemblyman Robert Oaks , 10 Leach Road , Lyons , NY 14489
Recent History ( most current info at top ) :
Your participation and support is invaluable – click here for an earlier message and check here for recent list messages .
Email john at : jmurtari@AKidsRight .
Org
As of March 12th , parents have contributed $ 245.00 to help John with expenses .
Thank you !
October 27 , 2011 – Jack Frost , coordinator of the Group New York Father ’s 4 Kids , is organizing a Rally from Noon - 2 PM outside the offices of Assemblyman Oaks in Lyons , NY ( click for directions ) .
He ’ll be coming as Captain America and with other parents we hope to convince Assemblyman Oaks that he should introduce legislation that promotes the right of both parents to know they have a child !
May 3 , 2010 – John and his attorney were ready for trial .
His attorney had put on notice an assistant DA that she might be called to testify for the defense .
John had alleged in a complaint that a deputy had lied to a Judge during an arraignment ( see details on March 15th below ) — and this same deputy was to testify at trial .
Before the trial began the ADA told the Judge the County was “ not interested ” in prosecuting the remaining trespass charges and moved for dismissal .
Thankfully , all done !
April 14th , 2010 – There was an appearance in Lyons Village Court , John ’s assigned counsel , Mr. Andrew Correia ( Wayne County Public Defender ) , did an excellent job in arguing the two pending simple trespass charges ( violations ) should be dismissed .
He made it clear the “ accusatory instrument ” did not even allege facts necessary for the crime .
The DA argued against dismissal ( but gave no specifics ) .
Judge Nicholas Forgione refused to dismiss the remaining two charges stating he , “ wanted to hear from the police officers … ” A bench trial was scheduled for May 3rd .
March 31st , 2010 – John was joined by two other parents from the Albany area , Jack Frost & Jeff ( both shown standing in front of the Courthouse ) .
They first went to the local offi ce of Assemblyman Robert Oaks and spoke for about an hour with his aid .
She listened carefully to both their stories and asked questions .
It was a worthwhile visit .
After that they went to the Courthouse
The initial plan was to quietly walk the sidewalk in front of the building ; then Jack & Jeff would leave the area and John would resume his chalk writing activities as before .
In a surprise , building security approached and said they could not walk on that sidewalk — they could only walk on the street side walk or the police would be notified .
They did this for about 40 minutes .
Jack &
Jeff then left the area and John started to walk in front of the building ( no chalk activity at all ) .
Security approach him again and said he had to leave or the Lyon ’s police would be called .
John kept walking as the Lyon ’s police arrived and entered the building .
A while later two Sheriff ’s vehicles also arrived .
The Lyon ’s police then left with no action .
A while later a Sergeant from the Sheriff ’s office told John they had “ no problem with him walking in front of the building , ” but they did n’t want any more chalk activity .
He then left .
John continued his walk for about another 30 minutes and then left at 5 pm .
It was great to have two other parents with me .
I look forward to the day when I will have both a Man & Woman with me willing to take chalk , risk arrest , and write “ I LOVE MY KIDS ” outside this building and others .
As today showed , once we learn to stand up for our rights and our dignity — other people will respect it also .
But it starts with us !
I had to suspend my activity because I was just running out of money to support myself … but I plan to resume by late July !
March 15th , 2010 – John filed a complaint both with Wayne County Undersheriff Richard House and Wayne County DA Richard Healy regarding alleged lies told by a Deputy during his arraignment on Feb 18th .
In a bit of a surprise , the very next day he gets an acknowledgement signed by the DA .
About two weeks later he got a response from the Sheriff ’s office regarding their investigation of the incident .
John felt questions remained and wrote another letter to DA Healy .
You can check the links above to read the details .
When I was arraigned the Deputy told the Judge the DA wanted my bail set at $ 2500 ( pretty high for a little chalk ! ) .
He even confirmed who he talked to in the DA ’s office .
It was all made up and seemed so unnecessary !
Many of you have experienced the same thing as you fought to keep a relationship with your children — this is one reason I feel so strongly that parents have a right to jury of their peers and a unanimous verdict ( which is what any criminal gets ) .
Sometimes we misdirect so much energy toward people that mistreated us : Judges , Lawyers , Psychologists , Social Worker , and Police officers who either did negligent jobs or actually were malicious in their duties .
Yes , they should be punished — but , THEY ARE NOT the problem with our Family Law System .
When an individual person has that much power over your life , these types of abuses happen .
That is why our Founding Fathers protected our valued freedoms with a ‘ jury of your peers . ’
We are all liable to petty biases and a desire to short - circuit procedure to due the “ right ” thing .
Having to convince twelve people taken off the street based on evidence presented in an open trial — is a pretty good barrier to abuse .
Mar 10 - 16th , 2010 – My assigned counsel , Mr. Andrew Correia , expressed his frustration to Judge Forgione regarding the failure of the DA ’s office to file a response to his two motions for dismissal .
He asked the Judge to grant the motion , especially since an almost identical motion had been granted back in January on four other charges .
The Judge wanted to talk to the DA ’s office before doing that , the matter was adjourned again until April 14th .
On the 16th the DA filed a response , agreeing to dismiss all the graffiti charges , only the two trespass charges remained .
Feb 23 - 24 – After six days in the Wayne County jail John was released the day before his court date .
Many people in the group had written and called officials on John ’s behalf — it was appreciated !!!
There was a court appearance on the 24th .
A two week adjournment was granted to give the DA ’s office more time to determine their response to a second motion for dismissal .
Next date is March 10th .
Feb 18 , 2010 – There was a Wayne County Board of Supervisors meeting scheduled for 9 AM in the old Courthouse ( adjacent to the new where prior activity occurred ) .
John left his “ Mr. Oaks – Help Family Rights ” message on the wall near the front door and then quietly walked up & down the sidewalk as members arrived .
John was arrested and had his bail set at $ 2500 .
His next court date is Feb 24th .
Click here for more info .
Feb 17 , 2010 – New York state Assemblyman Robert Oaks is meeting with members of the public in Lyons .
John has a time scheduled at 1:30 pm and you are welcome to attend .
Please contact John .
Click here for a map to the Town offices .
Feb 10 , 2010 – John appeared in Village Court and his assigned counsel , Mr. Andrew Correia , submitted a motion to dismiss the charges on insufficiency .
The DA ’s office was not certain on their response and a two week adjournment was granted .
The next court date is Feb , 24th .
Feb 8th , 2010 – In a surprise , John was released a few days before his Court date .
Many people in the group had written and called officials on John ’s behalf — it was appreciated !!!
Feb 3rd , 2010 – A front page story appears on the Wayne County Star , a regional paper .
Click here for a copy of the story .
January 27th , 2010 – There was a Wayne County Board of Supervisors meeting scheduled for 9 AM in the old Courthouse ( adjacent to the new where prior activity occurred ) .
John left his “ Mr. Oaks – Help Family Rights ” message on the wall near the front door and then quietly walked up & down the sidewalk as members arrived .
At about 9:15 a Sheriff ’s deputy initially arrested him for Trespass , telling him he had no right to be on County property to petition his Assemblyman .
His bail was set at $ 1000.00
Click here for some complete details on his arrest , thoughts on jail , and upcoming court date on Feb 10th .
January 21st & 26th , 2010 – John returned to the building on both days to continue efforts for reform and added another message to the outside wall .
He also wrote another letter to Assemblyman Robert Oaks asking him to please take action of Family Rights issues .
John included a photo collage of the group efforts over the past few months .
I had told security last week , that I was willing to wash the stuff on Thursday afternoon ( since I would be done for the week ) .
I went in today and was told they had n’t gotten any instructions on cleaning yet .
I will be going back next Tuesday to resume .
J anuary 20th , 2010 – John returned to the Courthouse and wrote “ Mr. Oaks – Help Family Rights ” in much bigger lettering with kid ’s chalk and next went in and told security .
He then spent about an hour outside in silent picket before going home .
The effort is scheduled to resume again tomorrow , Jan 21st , outside the Wayne County Courthouse in Lyons at 2 PM .
January 19th , 2010 – John returned to the Courthouse , wrote “ Mr. Oaks – Help Family Rights ” on about 7 different areas on the outside walls with kid ’s chalk and then went in and told security .
People ask me how I can keep doing this .
It ’s pretty easy when you consider the indignity I have been through .
FIRST , I ’ve been very fortunate to keep a strong relationship with my son — that is something so many parents lose and any parents nightmare ( I should ‘ give back ’ by trying to help others ) .
SECOND , I ’ve struggled with a child support disaster .
I live in a rural community and have had my license suspended for over a year , forced to walk .
January 12th , 13th , & 14th , 2010 – John returned to the Courthouse , wrote “ Mr. Oaks – Help Family Rights ” in a different area each day .
He then went in and told security .
On Thursday , the 14th , I knew I would n’t be back later in the week — so I went in a told security that if they gave me a bucket of water & a brush , I ’d remove the wall writing that had accumulated over the week .
They told me not to worry about it .
I plan to do a bit more next week .
Back in November , John had written a plea for reform to his local Assemblyman , Robert Oaks — still no response .
January 6th , 2010 – All four pending charges are dismissed .
John ’s assigned counsel , Attorney Ms. Denise Munson , has done an excellent job in advocating for his rights as a defendant .
She submitted a very effective motion ( text ) quoting good case law and asking for dismissal of the four pending charges based on the idea that “ chalk ca n’t damage ” and there was no “ intent to damage ” .
The DAs office concurred with the motion and also agreed with dismissal .
I was very happy with the result .
I had been ready to resume my activities on the following week and having this decided first should make things ‘ simpler ’ .
As part of what I can only call ‘ harassment / intimidation ’ the DA ’s office had earlier requested a psychological examination over my competency to stand trial .
This was complete in early December and you are welcome to read two reports by both a Psychologist and Psychiatrist .
December 7th , 15th , 2009 – Silent picket outside the Courthouse at 2 PM as part of “ Human Rights Week . ”
December 2nd , 2009 – John is on one of the largest Rochester radio stations , WCMF - 96.5 FM
He speaks to host Bill Moran on the morning “ Break Room ” —
This was setup the night before .
Mr. Moran had seen an arrest report for chalk in one of the local papers and thought it sounded strange .
He contacted me and setup the on-air interview .
He was a good host , the segment is about 15 minutes — it was cut short because of other schedule conflicts .
December 1st – John again returned to the Courthouse .
He held a silent picket for a while and then used kid ’s chalk to leave a message on the building .
He wrote it once and then went inside the building and told security .
He was arrested , but then in a bit of a surprise , he was released with just an appearance ticket .
His next court date is Dec 9th .
Click here to read some of your FEEDBACK on this activity .
November 25th , 2009 – John was taken from jail to Village Court and he was released .
The next court date was Dec 9 .
John does plan on resuming his activities again next Monday , Nov 30th .
This was a bit confusing .
The DA wanted me released on my own recognizance ( which basically means we trust that you will show up at your next Court date ) .
The Judge said no and ordered me on the pre-trial release program which is sort of an easy - probation .
Conditions can be set on your behavior , required to call in periodically , etc..
( I normally never agree to those terms ) .
They did release me from the jail even though I refused to sign any program forms and they could arrest me at any time .
The ‘ system ’ really is n’t designed for this type of activity from a non-criminal .
November 23rd , 2009 –
In the afternoon , John returned to the building and again used kid ’s chalk to leave a message on the building .
He wrote it once and then went inside the building and told security .
They took a look and in about 30 minutes the local police showed up .
He was taken into custody and charged with a misdemeanor , in violation of Section 145.60 ( 2 ) of the New York Penal Law : “ No person shall make graffiti of any type on any building , public or private ….. ”
He was arraigned by Village Justice Forgione , a $ 1000 bail was set , and John was jailed again .
November 23rd , 2009 –
In the morning two other parents ( Mark Hough & Scott Rhodes ) joined John is a visit to Assemblyman ’s Oaks office and had a good conversation with an aid .
They then went to the Courthouse at 11 AM and carried on a silent picket outside for about an hour .
John also sent a letter regarding parental rights to Assemblyman Oaks .
He also continues to write local Family Court Judge Sirkin regarding a delayed support decision and the injustice hurting his family and many others .
November 18th , 2009 –
In a bit of a surprise , John was released .
Due to a death in the Family , John will not be returning to continue his efforts until Monday , November 23rd .
We ’d like to get another Mom & Dad there to show support .
November 16th , 2009 – John returned to the Wayne County courthouse to continue writing “ HELP FAMILY RIGHTS ” on the building .
He was arrested , assigned a $ 500 bail by Village Justice Nicholas Forgione , and incarcerated at the Wayne County jail in Lyons .
November 13th – Due to some legal paperwork John had to complete for a prior employee he will not be resuming his efforts today — next scheduled day is Monday , Nov 16th .
November 12th – At 2 PM , John wrote the same “ HELP FAMILY RIGHTS ” message on the outside wall of the building .
Still using kid ’s chalk , still very easy to remove — but harder for officials to ignore .
He wrote it once and then went inside the building and told security .
They took a look and in about 30 minutes the local police showed up .
He was taken into custody and charged with a misdemeanor , in violation of Section 145.60 ( 2 ) of the New York Penal Law : “ No person shall make graffiti of any type on any building , public or private ….. ”
He was released with an appearance ticket for the local Village Court on Nov. 25th .
I DON ’T WANT TO GO BACK THERE ALONE TOMORROW !
There will be another arrest and most likely jail .
I would much prefer to find a Mom & Dad willing to join me next week in more chalk writing on the sidewalk outside the building .
With three people we could turn it into a media event — and that would help all of us !
But there ’s always a risk .
They allowed me to fill the sidewalk with writing , but if more people show up they may threaten arrest again — we must have the quiet courage of our convictions and Faith in the power of the love we have for our kids .
http://www.AKidsRight.Org/civil.htm
This is not about winning or what other ’s may do in response .
Actions such as these first convince “ us ” that what we want is worth the potential sacrifice .
Folks , do n’t get me wrong .
I understand when people ca n’t join the effort .
We all have a lot of personal issues to deal with .
I have failed to respond to other requests for help because I was too busy .
But I ’m also confident that with time — parents will start to comeforward .
All I can do is ask … ( click here to read complete message )
November 10th , 2009 – John returned in the morning and continued writing his message on the sidewalk outside the building .
In the afternoon he brought about 15 copies of the “ Declaration of Family Rights ” and taped them to the outside .
They were there for a while and then taken down by security .
A photo of the poster is at right , you can click for a PDF version
November 9th – John returned to the building with eleven small posters asking the Assemblyman to “ HELP FAMILY RIGHTS ” . .
He taped the sheets of paper to several windows along the front of the building .
Building security told him he could n’t do that and took them down —
John placed a few more and then quietly walked outside the building .
November 4th , 6th – John returned to the building and continued writing .
John stayed outside from 2 - 4 pm and then left .
Nov 5th was rained out ) .
November 2nd – John returned to the building and continued writing .
He was told he could write on the sidewalk , but would have to clean it up before he left for the day .
If he did not clean it , he was told an arrest warrant would be issued .
John stayed outside from 2 - 4 pm and then left , with the message still on the ground .
( the Court House was closed for election day , Nov 3 ) .
October 28 - 30 , 2009 – Rain & wet sidewalk delay !
October 27 , 2009 – John went to the Wayne County Courthouse , Lyons , NY , and filled a good part of the sidewalk with a simple message , “ Mr Oaks – Help Family Rights ” .
Someone from building security came out and said , “ That ’s not allowed .
You ’re going to have to stop writing on the sidewalk .
There wo n’t be any trouble if you stop now , you can just leave … ”
He was very nice about it and did n’t act threatening .
I simply responded , “ I do n’t mean to cause a hassle , … but I really ca n’t leave and need to keep writing .
”.. ( read more of the story )
John walked up and down the sidewalk for two hours and talked to a few p eople .
Everyone seemed to understand that knowing you have a child is fundamental and should be protected as a right .
Even a few Court employees said they ‘ liked the message . ’
October 26 , 2009 – The effort was resumed at 2 PM outside the Lyons , NY , Village offices at 76 William St .
Why even take these risks – You ’ll feel better !
October 22 , 2009 – John returned to the office with more chalk and continued his chalk writing campaign and filled the sidewalk you see below with “ Mr Oaks – Help Family Rights ” .
He dropped off a preview DVD of the movie “ Support ? System Down ” with an aid .
John was one of the people interviewed in jail for the film and it also contains other scenes of parents and legislators filmed at the state capital in Albany .
He hopes it will encourage Assemblyman Oaks to reconsider the need to explicitly define and protect Family Rights .
October 21 , 2009 – John resumed his NonViolent action outside the offices of Assemblyman Oaks .
He left a couple of messages written with kid ’s chalk on the sidewalk and walked up & down the walk for a couple of hours .
He has closed hisweb hosting business and still cannot drive while living in a rural area .
Risking arrest as part of a peaceful action for reform is an easy decision .
— John was concerned about Summer vacation with his son , and suspended actions till after the summer .
February 13 , 2009 & Feb 17th – Group coordinator , John Murtari , decided to walk inside the new County Court House in Lyons .
Security staff was polite and John quietly walked around for an hour before leaving .
He held a small placard with pictures of parents and children .
The message , “ Mr. Oaks , Help Us ! ” ( photo above ) .
February 10 , 2009 – John took a ‘ walk ’ inside the historic Court House in Lyons ( now used mostly for County offices and meetings ) .
For two hours he walked in the hallway of the building holding a small placard with pictures of parents and children .
Feb 4 - 9 , 2009 – John changed his location to downtown Lyons and outside the County Court House .
Please contact John if you wish to participate and join in the effort .
January 27 , 2009 – At 2 pm , John Murtari walked to Assemblyman Oaks ’ office to publicly promote the “ You ’re a Parent Notification Act . ”
He walked outside the offices for about two hours ( lucky it was a sunny day , temperature in the mid 20s ) .
One of the staff members did come out and told John he was welcome to come into the building to warm up .
Weather permitting , John plans on returning each day at 2 pm for a similar two hour vigil .
January 9 , 2009 – John Murtari , group coordinator , sends another letter to NY State Assemblyman Robert Oaks .
Final planning is done and a start date of Jan 27 ( rescheduled from Jan 20 because of inauguration ) is set .
Please contact John if you wish to participate .
December 5 , 2008 – John gets a letter from Assemblyman Robert Oaks , his representative in the State Legislature .
He is told license suspensions are “ effective ” in collecting support .
Read a list message , “ Right to know you have a child ? “
April 4 - 5 2007 –
The resolution is considered in the Rules & Legislative Committee and also the Social Services Committee of the Wayne County Board of Supervisors ..
There is quite a difference in how it is received and handled by the two committee chairmans , John writes Mr. Hoffman again a few days later to express some concerns and asks for the opportunity to address the full Board well before any final vote .
This is denied and no vote occurs .
Mar 12 , 2007 – To increase public knowledge of this basic Civil Right , John wrote a letter to Mr. James Hoffman , Chairman of the Wayne County Board of Supervisors .
This is a small rural county in upstate New York where John resides in Lyons .
There is no county legislature , each of the elected Town Supervisors also server on the County Board .
The resolution is much simpler at this level , it just asks for State and Federal Legislators to draft such legislation .
Feb 2007 – John meets personally with Assemblyman Oaks at one of his public ‘ office hours ’ .
There was concern about potential opposition to such a bill and they discussed different approaches and concepts involved with the bill .
The meeting lasted almost an hour and the Assemblyman told John he would be able to follow up on the bill more after the State Budget was passed .
Jan 3/8 , 2007 – John follows up again with the Lyon ’s staff of Assemblyman Oaks to find out what progress is being made .
He is told they are checking .
It appears the Assemblyman does not have a position on the bill .
John is trying to arrange an appointment at his local office .
May 15 , 2006 – Another letter is written to Assemblyman Robert Oaks regarding the need for the act and a hope it will be acted on quickly .
We are told that the wording of the bill is reviewed by legal staff used by the Assembly to review bills for any legal obstacles .
May 11,2006 – After speaking with the Assemblyman and some aids a DRAFT of the bill wording and a sponsors memo is sent to Assemblyman Oaks .
It is late in the session and this bill does introduce new concepts , but we hope discussion can begin now .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Jesse “ The Body ” Ventura , the erstwhile professional wrestler , Navy Seal , motorcycle gang member , and governor of Minnesota , has embarked upon yet another career : investigator of nefarious plots .
This month , Ventura launched a show called “ Conspiracy Theory ” on TruTV which claims to shine light on “ the most frightening and mysterious conspiracy allegations of our time . ”
So far Ventura has explored whether 9/11 was an inside job ( he does n’t buy the 9/11 Commission ’s official explanation ) and whether the government is testing mind - control weaponry at a secret base in Alaska .
( Conclusion : “ I learned that radio waves really can get inside your head .
They got inside mine . ” )
And in another recent episode , he takes on “ the global warming scam . ”
“ Whether global warming is real or not , some people may be using the issue to earn billions of dollars , start a one - world government and control people ’s lives , ” warns the teaser on the website for TruTV ( formerly known as Court TV ) .
In the show , a voiceover promises that “ Jesse Ventura finds the direct link between global warming and a plot to rule the world . ”
Enter Ventura , who spends much of the 60 - minute show skulking around in a black leather jacket , meeting gravelly voiced informants in abandoned warehouses for no apparent reason .
“ I never thought I ’d be investigating global warming .
I believe it ’s real and that saving the planet is good , ” intones Ventura .
“ But now I ’m on my way to see a guy named Noel Sheppard .
He says he has proof that some people are using global warming as an excuse to make money and control the world .
That ’s a conspiracy I want to expose . ”
Ventura sets up a “ clandestine meeting ” in a deserted San Francisco courtyard with Sheppard , who is described as an “ investigative journalist . ”
This not - exactly - elusive figure — he is a writer for Newsbusters.org — has it on good authority from Russian tabloids that “ the earth is now on the brink of entering another Ice Age . ”
He also believes that the occurrence of snowstorms disproves global warming .
Ventura learns that climate change may in fact be a vast and elaborate hoax — perpetrated , as he puts it , for “ Power .
Money .
Control . ”
So Ventura dispatches his team of expert investigators to uncover the truth .
These super sleuths fail to locate the thousands of scientists from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change or other preeminent institutions who have spent years studying the phenomenon of planetary warming .
Instead , they visit three scientists suggested by Sheppard .
One of Ventura ’s hard - hitting investigators — June Sarpong , formerly a reporter on a British youth entertainment show — travels by what appears to be a passenger ferry to an undisclosed location to meet Dr. X , a scientist who is “ hiding for his life . ”
June frets that someone is following her ( presumably someone other than Ventura ’s camera crew ) .
In order to protect Dr. X from the climate change mafia , he is never named and nor are his credentials revealed .
Sitting in deep shadow , he reveals that while he believes the planet is warming , the culprit is n’t carbon dioxide .
It ’s the sun .
“ There ’s absolutely no question the sun is virtually ignored by the authorities , ” he says .
“ If global warming is n’t man-made , why are they telling us it is ? ” asks June .
“ Because they ’re using it as a vehicle for political control , ” Dr. X replies .
“ Control every aspect of people ’s lives , the number of children you can have , the number of people on the planet , where they live , what they can drive .
Everything . ”
Other interviewees include Lord Christopher Monckton , perhaps the wackiest and best - known climate skeptic , and Richard Lindzen , an MIT atmospheric physicist and contrarian extraordinaire who claims , falsely , that the global temperature has “ stopped increasing . ”
( The show does n’t mention that in the 1990s Lindzen accepted at least $ 10,000 from fossil - fuel industries to dispute the existence of climate change as an expert witness before Congress and industry - sponsored events . )
Ventura ’s team also solicits the opinion of a “ conspiracy expert ” — who turns out to be Alex Jones , chief 9/11 conspiracy theorist , radio host , and head of InfoWars.com , the web hub for the tinfoil hat club .
The tough questions are reserved for Benjamin Santer , a climate scientist at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory .
Sarpong grills Santer about Monckton ’s allegations that he “ cooked the books ” on climate change in United Nations ’ reports .
“ Lord Monckton , to my knowledge was not part of the process , ” Santer points out .
“ I was . ”
The investigators also grill Amit Chaterjee , CEO of carbon - monitoring software firm Hara .
As Sarpong presses him for answers about his relationship with Al Gore ( a partner in the venture capital group Kleiner Perkins , which backed Chaterjee ’s start - up ) and the sinister business of carbon reduction , Ventura bursts into the room , demanding answers about Gore ’s motives .
“ If this is a war on the environment , there are going to be profiteers , ” he says .
Ventura ultimately decides that Al Gore is not really “ trying to control the world . ”
“ I know Al Gore , ” he says .
“ I do n’t think he ’s out to do that . ”
Instead , Ventura reveals , “ the hunt leads to one man ” : Sir Maurice Strong , the former executive director of the United Nations Environment Program and , according to Ventura , the “ wizard behind the curtain ” on climate change .
Wait , make that two men : Ventura also sees a culprit in Edmond de Rothschild , the billionaire banker who died earlier this year .
These powerful figures are perpetuating a massive lie in order to profit from carbon trading , Ventura and his sources allege .
Ventura ’s team is never able to actually talk to Strong , despite a few more secret meetings in warehouses and a trip to China , where Strong now lives .
However , one of Ventura ’s investigators reports via webcam that he has concluded that “ Strong ’s a double agent , pretending to be an environmentalist , but really he ’s been working as an adviser to the Chinese government , and helping them make money off global warming . ”
As with most of the allegations in the show , no evidence is given to support this claim .
And it ’s safe to say that Ventura is n’t exactly skeptical when presented with outlandish theories ; in the pilot episode he insinuates that the government may have caused Hurricane Katrina and the Indonesian tsunami with a weather - controlling “ death ray . ”
In his final summation , Ventura does n’t actually say whether or not he thinks that climate change is real and caused by mankind .
“ I ’m no scientist .
The conspiracy theory here is a scare tactic to control people , make billions , even trillions in profit , ” he says , stone - faced .
“ Al Gore , you ’ve been a real inspiration .
But a lot of other people who preach the global warming gospel are n’t out to save the world .
They ’re out to run it . ”
You can watch the whole episode in six parts on YouTube .
Here ’s the first :
It seems the longer I write in this darned blog , the harder it gets to remember things I have talked about before … and things I have n’t .
That appears to have been the case this time , because I intended to but — if scroogle.org is to be believed — did n’t properly explain cadubi , which I happen to like as a vaguely artistic and somewhat amusing way of “ painting ” text for the console .
Now like everything else I mention , you should n’t get your hopes up .
Console is console , and there ’s almost nothing to be done to convert chunky block text into something resembling an actual picture .
Almost .
Here ’s how it works .
Cadubi is basically a stamp - painting program , with a few simple hot - wirings that make it more usable .
You set a pen shape , a foreground color and background color .
Navigate with the arrow keys or with i- j - k-l , and when you smack the spacebar , the pen drops and stamps that location with the shape and colors you picked .
Nothing could be simpler .
I could ’ve sworn I wrote a program not too different from this in my junior high school programming class .
Hello , Atari 800 .
It ’s fairly basic , but for what you can probably imagine , it ’s also slightly inconvenient if you want to add a word or a sentence to an image .
cadubi is one step ahead of you on that front , allowing you to switch to a typewriter - esque mode , and type normally on the image , a la a text tool box .
All very nice , but where ’s the quan , you ask ?
Well , like a lot of cool things for the console , when they stand alone , they do n’t impress much .
But when combined with other console gizmos , they suddenly offer new potential .
cadubi can also read in files , edit them , and output to disk again .
Enter figlet , setting the width of the output and the font from the command line …
figlet -w 132 -f big
Motho ke motho ka botho
And then reading it into cadubi .
Experiment with things like …
figlet -f big `echo $ HOSTNAME`
or even
figlet -w 132 - f big `echo $ HOSTNAME` \/\/ Crux Linux `uname - r` > login.txt
Set the pen colors before reading in the file , and cadubi will paint the entire image in that scheme .
And once that ’s written back out again , you can tack it on to your / etc / issue file , in a manner somewhat similar to this , and make your logins quite entertaining .
The fun does n’t stop there .
Remember caca ?
The colorized console text that can take input from mplayer and pipe it to the framebuffer ?
Well with it you usually get img2txt , which does much the same thing for a static image , of almost any type .
Ergo . …
img2txt - W 102 -f utf8 wp-cccp-1280x1024.jpg > cccp.utf8.txt
And before you know it …
Touch that up , tie it to your login prompt and every geek within a kilometer radius will be sick to their stomachs with envy .
There ’s lots of fun to be had here , provided you ’re patient , artistic , open - minded and willing to learn .
cadubi is n’t anything new , and I ’m sure there are better ways to put it to use , but that should give you some ideas to start . 🙂
Uncategorized November 17th , 2009
Do n’t tell me shit about his skill level , Tim Dog made one of the Top 5 rap albums of all time .
Think about it ; rappers that are so bad , they ‘re actually pretty damn good overall .
As the poster child for unpopular opinion , I always felt that the downfall in the quality of rap music in recent years is n’t as much due to banal lyrics as it is to the fact that so many artists do n’t have an iota of personality .
To be honest , I ’d rather hear a hilarious or unique artist with a questionable amount of skill than another lyrical lyricist spit 413 bars about " swag " , sellin coke , or a food name for some clothing that I ’m too old to understand - i.e ‘ yo fam I got them Rocky Road and sweet potato Nike dunks on son !’- over whatever Jay - Z instrumental is popular at the time .
Or somebody using Kraft Macaroni & Cheese as a metaphor for the United States ’ foreign policy in some enigmatic attempt to be clever or lyrical .
And if / when the said lyrical lyricist decides to drop an album the week after his 717th mixtape hits the streets , the subject matter never extends outside of the same Smack DVD hood / lyrical boasts he had on mixtapes 1 -716 .
The freestyles over the Just Blaze instrumentals that anybody can sound good on got everyone excited , but the beats on the album will inherently suck , which will then be defended with an “ I ’m all about the lyrics ” retort .
After a few promo shows at the Remote Lounge NYC and an article in XXL , the said rapper will then fade into “ bolivion ” ( sic , Mike Tyson tribute ) .
How many hip - hop quotable rappers have fallen by the wayside because they chose to use the same confrontational tone they battled people in to rap about some Illuminati symbol on a dollar bill or their newly adopted vegan lifestyle ?
Only Willie D can get away with that shit .
I do n’t give a fuck what anybody says , the missing piece in today ’s rap world is really entertaining “ bad rappers ” ; guys with laughable lyrics and styles that you knew they were dead ass serious about when they hit the studio .
These artists were continually accused of ruining good beats , but in reality there ’s nobody else that could ’ve done a better job on them .
Do n’t get it twisted , though , bad rappers are in no short supply in 2009 .
But most of them just are n’t funny or entertaining .
It ’s not just about being a good MC , but making an album that transcends drink coaster usage and avoids getting dragged into the recycle bin for a change .
People in New York always clowned
Too $ hort for being non-lyrical , but when one of these lyrical wizards has 18 albums in their catalog or makes a song as enjoyable as " Paula & Janet " or " Blowjob Betty " , somebody send me an e-mail .
After talking to a few other avid rap fans I respect , I broke down my four personal favorite “ bad ” rappers of all time .
MALACHI THE NUTCRACKER ( from GROUP HOME )
This will inherently be the one I catch the most heat over , but I ’m not surprised .
Hip - hop has absolutely no sense of humor , and when people could n’t see the genius of Malachi The Nutcracker , I knew we were in trouble .
I used to hear textbook dreck like this from hip - hop purists when the Group Home album came out 14 years ago , and still do today :
“ DJ Premier wasted the greatest beats he ever made on the Group Home album .
Lil Dap is cool , but Malachi is atrocious , Premier should ’ve given those beats to Biggie or somebody . ”
Or something to that effect .
No. Malachi was an entertainer .
His young teenage voice , his “ see Spot run ” simplicity , his threats of random and senseless violence against old people and his nonsensical sociopath rhetoric coagulated to make the perfect spouse for Primo ’s gutter jazz thump .
Whether it was intentional or not ( I seriously doubt it was ) , Malachi injected humor into a Gangstarr Foundation that albeit great , never produced any funny records .
Regardless of how many Malachi detractors pop up when discussing this album - usually in regards to its production brilliance and it being the apex of Primo ’s career , but it going in vain because of the rhymes - he was a known tough cookie , so I seriously doubt anybody ever said anything to his face .
Lines like these do n’t grow on trees …
“ I ’m outta sight on the mic do what you like / I beat your moms in the head with a metal pipe ” ( Was it in the Billiard Room ?
Did he use Colonel Mustard ?
Sounds like a Clue confession to me .
Mothers are overrated anyway . )
“ When I take flight ( like who kid ? ) like Mike !!!! ” ( Best Jordan reference ever )
“ Ya know how I rock , I rock , non stop / jump on stage , you jump … on my jock ! ” ( It ’s just that simple … literally )
However , the prime example of Malachi ’s good badness would surely be his verses on “ Up Against The Wall ” .
I do n’t even think you can freestyle rhyme gymnastics on this level ( he comes in at 1:05 )
“ You stupid muthafuckaaaa my rhyme is fat !!!!!!!! ”
When I said ( and still say ) that Group Home ’s Livin Proof album is better than both Jeru albums , I ’m met with accusations of not knowing music .
Fuck that .
Malachi did n’t do too much after this album , but wherever he is , he ’s got a fan in me .
His actual rap skill left a lot to be desired , but he was ahead of his time with the senseless violence and his through the roof passion in the face of his overt simplicity .
I know there ’s a lot of MCs who on paper would fit in the same category as Malachi , but they ’re just not dope .
Maybe it was just how Malachi did it , and style points are very hip - hop .
I do n’t give a fuck what anybody says , I want a Malachi solo album .
DISCO RICK
Disco Rick was Miami ’s misogynist answer to Run from Run-DMC .
He yelled with mass amounts of echo , but that ’s where the comparisons stop .
Disco Rick made his mark rapping about getting head from everybody from Nancy Reagan to girls he knew named Margaret , Sharon , Karen , Jackie , Tyra , Lana , Dede , Sherry , Mona , Lisa , Laverne , Shana , Keisha , Marie , Laura , Janice , Barbara , Maria and Tina .
Rick had a softer side though ; fellatio was n’t always his forte .
He also rapped getting stopped by the fuzz in the deep south , trampy - looking broads in the flea market that needed to dress with more class , and why mothers who abandoned their kids in trash cans deserved a thrashing .
The latter concept ( on a song appropriately titled “ Babies In The Trash Cans ” ) found Rick actually on the way to providing a serious and viable concept song on an album full of misogyny , but about 55 seconds in , the line “ we got to educate the hoes ” just foiled the plan .
Rick ’s skill level being applied to a concept like that is the moment of good badness that actually makes him more enjoyable to listen to than anybody I ’ve heard in recent memory …
TIM DOG
Tim Dog was widely recognized as being in the doldrums when it comes to rap skill in the early 90s .
But that fact makes him even more incredible to me , because his first album ( Penicillin On Wax ) is the greatest rap album of all time ( I can hear myself getting roasted in cyberspace for this one ) .
It ’s insane to think that a guy who rhymes “ ( Why you dissin Eazy ) cause the boy ai n’t shit / chew him with tobacco and spit him in shit ” on his album is a damn genius .
But when it comes to pure entertainment , it did n’t get any better than Tim Dog in 1991 .
I can actually go out on a limb and say that if he actually had superior rap skill , the album would n’t have been nearly as enjoyable .
With the album artwork depicting Tim Dog in very early 90s NYC ’ hide your Starter jacket ’ mode and the inner sleeve showing a posse photo with some very angry and big bat wielding gentlemen with ski masks on , the image is not one of lyrical dexterity , but of brute force .
Tim is actually at his best ( and funniest ) when he ’s really attempting to be on a Big Daddy Kane level of lyricism .
“ So whether ya think that I ’m just a myth / to riff / the gift / the if / the fifth / the shift / the spliff is in control I hold a bowl / and make an ache and take a fake / WHEEEEEWWW , and I ’m still too great … Fuck Compton ! ”
Huh ?
Wow .
It gets even better when Tim uses his imagination to go hardcore .
“ Imma step to a wack MC / and if he try to get beef with me / I ’mma wax his ass , I ’mma tax his ass , I ’mma fax his ass and cold lax his ass ”
You get the message that Tim is pissed off and the said ass is in trouble , but I always wondered how you can fax somebody ’s ass .
How he ’d lax his ass , I do n’t wanna know either , as I ’m assuming lax means laxative , or diarrhea .
This album is probably the funniest hip - hop album ever made , but I think Tim Dog did it with a straight face , which makes it even funnier .
Then there was the prime example of Tim ’s good badness , “ Dog ’s Gonna Getcha ” .
It ’s essentially a three minute sleigh ride into threats , screams , grunts and non-lyricism , but it sounds better than most of The Source ’s picks for hip hop quotable in the last 15 years .
Here ’s the whole song , a simple quote ca n’t do it justice …
The song is so lyrically bad ( meaning bad ) that I actually have it in my personal top 20 greatest rap songs of all time .
I ’m as serious as cancer , that song is God damn unbelievable , just not lyrically skilled … if you know where I ’m coming from .
Example : KRS - One ’s “ MC’s Act Like They Don’t Know ” was OK , it was lyrically skilled , but it was nowhere near as good as “ Dogs Gonna Getcha ” when it comes to listening pleasure , not even close .
Tim does actually have some decent rhymes on the album , but the majority is that rare display of unskilled hardness and humor that you just do n’t witness anymore .
PROJECT PAT
When it comes to bouncing ball phonetics and Speak n Spell southern drawl , nobody is coming close to Pat .
Every word is seemingly broken into syllables and sounds , and the actual rhymes are exceedingly countrified .
But what really puts
Pat over the top is the fact that he not only admits , but brags about feasting on the hog .
Pork is high in saturated fat and cholesterol , but putting Pat up on the health benefits of Quinoa is useless …
“ Buyin you / taco bell / but a pimp / eatin steak / corn bread , collard greens , chitaleeeeeens ( chitterlings ) on my plate . ”
Or when he explains to a girl why his gas tank is empty , he has a worthy excuse .
“ That ’s just the meter broke / u dontknawcha talkin bout / anyway them new Jordan ’s finna come out . ”
Its safe to say that Pat is n’t the Pharoahe Monch of Memphis , but the absence of lyrical gymnastics in his style is what makes him as appealing as he is .
The pinnacle of P . Pat ’s good badness would be the “ Nature Of The Threat ” level of depth he displays on “ Gorilla Pimp ” ( You Tube is being soft , video clip wo n’t embed . )
" Gorilla Pimp " by the incomparable Project Pat ( link )
" ( I ’mma call yo mama up ) , bitch that ’s a no no ! "
Tim Dog , Malachi The Nutcracker , Project Pat and Disco Rick
… You can say what you want about their skill level ( or lack thereof ) , but one thing is for sure .
They ’ll be remembered much longer than your latest rap wunderkind who made one crappy album .
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment .
Shortened link
The link you followed has been shortened with is .gd .
Shortened links can go anywhere on the Internet so you should n't continue if you got the link from a suspicious source e.g. junk email .
The full original link is shown below .
Click the link if you 'd like to proceed to the destination shown : -
http://gothamist.com/2009/12/03/video_times_square_obama_afghanista.php
Give me this URL as a QR code
Tip : some QR readers fail to read mixed case URLs properly .
We recommend using the lower case option or a lower case custom URL with QR codes .
Health officials around the world are stepping up vaccination efforts and are closely tracking the progress of the H1N1/09 virus ( often referred to as " swine flu " in the media ) .
World Health Organization officials recently noted that the virus has spread to virtually every country in the world , reaching as far as remote tribes in Venezuela and aboriginal populations in Australia .
Although the number of deaths attributed to H1N1 this year ( over 7,000 to date ) remains low compared to a normal seasonal flu outbreak of several hundred thousand deaths in a year , health officials remain concerned because of the instability of H1N1/09 combined with its tendency to affect younger healthier people .
Collected here are photos of people around the world preparing for and dealing with the current H1N1 pandemic .
( 37 photos total
It took me a couple of weeks to get back in the swing of things but the statistical analysis is back by community demand .
I will try my best to keep up with every game in the near future but back - to - back games might be tough to do .
I have not figured out a way to automate the stats yet so I have to do them by hand , which I enjoy doing but it is time consuming .
This is probably not the best game to bring the Corsi numbers back because the stats in this game can be a little misleading .
There is no way that anyone will be able to completely shutdown Alexander Ovechkin and the high powered Capitals offense .
The plan is to try to take away their ice and force them to take their shots from the outside .
The Sabres did that on Wednesday night but the Corsi numbers are admittedly bad for some players .
There are a couple of very interesting numbers in the game stats that are listed above .
It 's fun to watch these numbers on a game by game basis and see how they compare to each other .
It was interesting to see how the Sabres were able to role four lines in this game while other nights the fourth line might play only four or five minutes .
Other interesting stats ...
Tyler Myers had an interesting stat line ... six giveaways ( very bad ) and eight blocked shots ( very good ) .
I can't ever remember seeing a Sabres player finish a game with eight blocked shots .
It 's obvious that Myers is counted on because he was matched up with Ovechkin all night and finished with almost 26 minutes of ice time .
The Sabres desperately miss Paul Gaustad in the faceoff circle .
It was nice to see Derek Roy do well but Jochen Hecht lost 10 of the 11 draws he took .
I 'm not sure what is worse ... the 10 losses or the coaching staff allowing him to continue to take faceoffs despite being obviously over - matched .
Derek Roy is another player that jumps off the page .
On Monday he was benched in the third period and played only a couple of shifts .
He responded by having a great game .
He had zero giveaways which is unheard of for Roy and he was one of the few Sabres that did well at the faceoff dot .
Corsi Numbers
Even Strength Individual Stats Even Strength On - Ice Totals # Player Pos EV TOI G A Shots S A/B S Miss SOGF SOGA SOG Diff Tot SF Tot SA Corsi 4 Steve Montador D 16:38 1 0 2 1 0 11 9 2 20 17 3 5 Toni Lydman D 15:43 0 0 1 0 2 7 5 2 11 14 - 3 9 Derek Roy C 12:59 0 1 1 2 0 6 6 0 12 13 - 1 10 Henrik Tallinder D 21:49 1 0 2 0 1 8 18 - 10 12 29 - 17 13 Tim Kennedy C 17:44 0 0 1 1 0 8 16 - 8 12 24 - 12 19 Tim Connolly C 12:14 0 0 1 1 0 7 6 1 8 14 - 6 21 Drew Stafford RW 13:23 0 0 1 0 0 4 8 - 4 10 13 - 3 22 Adam Mair C 9:56 0 0 2 0 0 5 5 0 11 10 1 26 Thomas Vanek LW 12:23 0 0 5 0 1 7 4 3 10 9 1 29 Jason Pominville RW 15:16 0 1 1 0 0 6 14 - 8 10 23 - 13 36 Patrick Kaleta RW 11:30 0 0 2 1 0 6 6 0 12 12 0 37 Matt Ellis LW 9:33 0 0 0 1 1 4 6 - 2 10 10 0 41 Clarke MacArthur LW 12:00 0 0 0 1 0 6 5 1 8 11 - 3 42 Nathan Gerbe LW 13:21 0 1 1 0 2 4 8 - 4 9 15 - 6 44 Andrej Sekera D 15:17 0 0 1 1 1 8 10 - 2 18 16 2 52 Craig Rivet D 14:48 0 0 0 1 0 6 8 - 2 11 14 - 3 55 Jochen Hecht LW 16:08 0 0 2 0 0 4 14 - 10 7 21 - 14 57 Tyler Myers D 21:23 0 0 0 0 0 6 17 - 11 10 28 - 18 EV
TOI = Even Strength time on ice SOGA =
Team shots against while on ice EV TOI = Even Strength time on ice SOG Diff = Difference shots on ice S A/B = shots attempted and blocked Tot SF = Total shots including blocked / missed S Miss = Shots missed the net Tot SA = Total Shots Ag. Including blocked / missed SOGF = Team Shots while on ice Corsi = Difference in Total Shots
The Corsi number is a statistic that what created by Sabres goalie coach JIm Corsi .
It is the difference in total shots for and the total shots against .
It factors in all shots that were on net , attempts that were blocked and shots that missed the net .
The idea is that it is a better reflection on a players two - way play because it shows puck possession as opposed to only shots on goal .
I mentioned in the opening paragraph that the numbers for this game would be misleading and a look above proves it .
Henrik Tallinder and Tyler Myers did a great job of forcing Ovechkin to take poor quality shots but he still managed to control the puck much of the time .
If you were to judge the play of the pair on Corsi Numbers , you would think they were awful and that could n't be further from the truth .
The line of Kennedy , Pominville and Hecht was most often on the ice against Ovechkin as well and that would explain the poor Corsi numbers for those players .
The repair of damaged nerve cells is a major problem in medicine today .
A new study by researchers at the Montreal NeurologicaI Institute and Hospital ( The Neuro ) and McGill University , is a significant advance towards a solution for neuronal repair .
The study featured on the cover of the October 7 issue of Journal of Neuroscience , is the first to show that nerve cells will grow and make meaningful , functional contacts , or synapses - the specialized junctions through which neurons signal to each other - with an artificial component , in this case , plastic beads coated with a substance that encourages adhesion , and attracts the nerve cells .
" Many therapies , most still in the conceptual stage , are aimed at restoring the connection between the nerve cell and the severed nerve fibres that innervate a target tissue , typically muscle , " says Dr. David Colman , Director of The Neuro and principal investigator in the study .
" Traditional approaches to therapies would require the re-growth of a severed nerve fibre a distance of up to one meter in order to potentially restore function .
The approach we are using however bypasses the need to force nerve cells to artificially grow these long distances , and eliminates the demand for two neurons to make a synapse , both of which are considerable obstacles to neuronal repair in a damaged system . "
" We are tackling this problem in an entirely new way , as part of the McGill Program in NeuroEngineering , " says Dr. Anna Lisa Lucido , who conducted research for the study as part of her PhD research at The Neuro and is currently a post - doctoral fellow at UCSF .
" This program , spearheaded by Dr. Colman , is a multi- disciplinary consortium that brings together the knowledge , expertise and perspectives of 40 scientists from diverse fields to focus on the challenge of neuronal repair in the central nervous system .
The approach we have taken is to help healthy nerve cells form functional contacts with artificial substrates in order to create a paradigm that can be adapted to model systems in which neurons are damaged .
That approach will be combined with strategies to encourage the outgrowth of damaged neuronal branches through which these connections , or synapses , are formed .
It 's a challenging endeavour , but the ability to trigger connections to form on command is a promising start .
Our ultimate goal is to create a combined platform in which damaged cells could be encouraged to both re-grow and re-establish their functional connections . "
The synapses generated in this study are virtually identical to their natural counterparts except the ' receiving ' side of the synapse is an artificial plastic rather than another nerve cell or the target tissue itself .
This study is the first , using these particular devices , to show that adhesion is a fundamental first step in triggering synaptic assembly .
" Even though components of synapses have been induced in similar earlier studies , their functionality was not proven .
In order to assess function - that is transmission of a signal from the synapse , we stimulated the nerve cells with electricity , sending the signal , an action potential , to the synapse .
By artificially stimulating nerve cells in the presence of dyes , we could see that transmission had taken place as the dyes were taken up by the synapses . "
" We believe that within the next five years we will have a fully functional device that will be able to directly convey natural nerve cell signals from the nerve cell itself to an artificial matrix containing a mini-computer that will communicate wirelessly with target tissues , " says Dr. Colman .
These results not only provide a model to understand how neurons are formed which can be employed in subsequent studies but , provides hope for those affected and potentially holds promise for the use of artificial substrates in the repair of damaged nerves .
Source : McGill University
Typography is the art of arranging , designing and modifying type .
Creating a well designed typography poster is no easy task , and takes time and patience .
When a poster focuses only on typography as its main element , the designer has to carefully craft his design to make sure that the type is both legible and artistic at the same time .
In this amazing compilation , you will see typography posters created by designers from all over the world .
Here are 30 Amazing Typography Posters that you have probably never seen before .
1. Typography is Tedius
by Derek “ longdesinzzz ”
United States
2. Make Good Typography
by Enzo “ EN70 ″
Poland
3. Urban Typography
by Andrew Ackroyd
United Kingdom
4. Punk Typography
by TPHorne
5. Funke – Terry Francis
by Sébastien Nikolaou
Greece
6. AIGA Typo Show
by Allison Wilton
United States
7. Bauhaus Typography
by Samuel “ SeriousSamm ”
United States
8. “ T ” ypography
by “ bacon111 ″
United Kingdom
9. Jimi Hendrix
by Kuba Czerniak
Canada
10 . Better Than Nothing
by Nils Davey
United States
11 . Helvetica
by William Antonius
Indonesia
12 . Sylfaen Type
by Dan Smith
United States
13 . Design Culture Now
by Emn1ty
United States
14 . Helvetica
by Nikko . P. Lukman
Indonesia
15 . Morgellons Awareness
by Lisa “ Spambi ”
United States
16 . Watchmen Quote
by Daniel Peters
Singapore
17 . Wonderland of Type
by Philippe Nicolas
Italy
18 . Typography
by “ shetsy ”
Canada
19 . The Cult of the Ugly 2
by Tyler Durden
New Zealand
20 . The Cult of the Ugly
by Tyler Durden
New Zeland
21 . Typography
by Stefano Joker Lionetti
Italy
22 . Typography Dope
by Francesco Muzzi
Italy
23 . Movie Poster
by Boris Bonev
Bulgaria
24 . Chaos is my name
by Palax
Turkey
25 . Defence H1N1
by Mike Chan
China
26 . Most Of the Clients Do n’t Know What Typography is !
by Mike Chan
China
27 . Valdrada
by Carpet Crawler
Argentina
28 . Graphic Evolution
by Boris Bonev
Bulgaria
29 . The Past and the Future Make the Present Inspiring
by Mauro Hernández
Colombia
30 . Nothing Can Stop a Good Idea
by Mauro Hernández
Colombia
Compiled exclusively for WDD by Paulo Canabarro .
If you were to create your own typography poster , what would you type on it ?
Which fonts would you use ?
Cigarette butts are toxic to fish and should be labeled as toxic hazardous waste , U.S. researchers say .
Scientists at San Diego State University say that a single cigarette butt containing a small amount of unburnt tobacco is enough to contaminate a litre of water and kill half of the fish swimming in it .
" Based on this new research , we believe that cigarettes should be considered toxic waste and new requirements need to be established for how they are disposed , " Tom Novotny , a public health professor at San Diego State University , said in a statement .
The researchers tested the toxicity of the tobacco on fresh and saltwater fish : fathead minnows and top smelt — two species that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency typically uses in pollution studies .
The cigarette butts were left soaking in the water for a day before fish were placed in it for testing .
Whole cigarettes and cigarette butts with unburnt tobacco were found to be the most toxic , but even filters that had been smoked and that had no tobacco left on them were found to be toxic .
Cigarette filters are made of cellulose - acetate , which does not biodegrade .
The researchers presented their conclusion at a meeting of the American Public Health Association in Philadelphia earlier this month , and have submitted their study for publication in a peer - reviewed journal .
Cigarette butts are considered the most littered item in the world .
Novotny recently estimated that 767 million kilograms of cigarette butts — or about 4.5 trillion butts — end up as litter every year .
A leaked draft of the Internet chapter of the controversial Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) reveals that ISPs will be held liable for the infringements of their customers , unless they disconnect those accused .
The draft aims to strengthen the power of the entertainment industries and other copyright holders , at the cost of the public .
ACTA is an international agreement that aims to target piracy and counterfeiting globally .
The degree of secrecy surrounding the negotiations is astonishing .
Many institutions , the press and various individuals have requested that participating countries provide an insight into their plans , but none have succeeded thus far .
While the public is denied access to drafts of the controversial agreement , lawmakers continue to receive input from anti-piracy lobbyists such as the RIAA and MPAA .
Today , the 6th round of ACTA negotiations have started in Seoul , South Korea , where representatives from the U.S , the European Union , Canada , Australia and several other countries will discuss the treaty ’s content .
As happened previously , parts of the document have leaked out to the public and they reveal that the agreement ’s scope is even more far - reaching than previously expected .
The Internet chapter of ACTA has very little to do with counterfeiting , but adopts many of the same policies that anti-piracy lobbyists have been calling for .
Among other things , the ACTA draft calls for a global three - strikes policy to disconnect alleged file - sharers from the Internet , without solid evidence or a court order .
If ISPs wo n’t do so , they will be held liable for the copyright infringements of their customers .
Similarly , all participating countries have to adopt a ‘ notice and takedown ’ policy where copyright holders can request ISPs to remove infringing materials , again without having to provide solid evidence or proof that they actually own the copyrights .
When ISPs do n’t comply with the requests they will be held liable , which means that they will be seen as pirates themselves .
Unfortunately , all parties involved in the negotiations refuse to make the ACTA plans public , effectively preventing any constructive input from the public .
Yesterday , Knowledge Ecology International ( KEI ) petitioned President Obama to change this situation and be transparent about the agreement that will affect millions of people .
Until that happens we can only fear the worst .
Pack of wild boar attack partygoers on woodland walk
Four partygoers were forced to dive into a skip when they were charged by a pack of wild boar as they strolled home .
The two men and two women were chased for 100 yards , with the animals gaining ground , when they found refuge in the smelly rubbish container .
The boar attacked them in woodland outside the German city of Darmstadt in the early hours of Sunday .
A pack of wild boar attacked four partygoers in woodland outside the German city of Darmstadt in the early hours of Sunday ( file photo )
Once inside the skip , the group called police , with one of the men apparently telling officers : ' We 're up to our necks in s*** and the beasts are outside .
You 've got to get us out of here . '
Police spokesman Ferdinand Derigs said a patrol car was sent to the scene but the boar had dispersed by the time it arrived .
He added that the pack had probably charged the group because it felt threatened and was protecting its young .
Two of the partygoers were treated for mild shock .
Germany 's wild boar population has increased in recent years due to mild winters and stricter hunting rules .
There are reports almost weekly of attacks on humans and their pets .
The animals smash down gravestones while hunting for worms and mice , dig up gardens , raid dustbins and attack dogs .
In Berlin they have been known to lay siege to entire blocks of flats - with authorities resorting to using marksmen to clear them .
Taking their place in the 40 - million - brick MINILAND attraction at Legoland near Windsor , the show 's presenters Jeremy Clarkson , Richard Hammond and James May as well as the Stig can be seen huddled around the Superlight in a motorsport - themed arena .
NEW DELHI : Andhra Pradesh governor N D Tiwari quit on Saturday late afternoon , a little over a day after allegations about his involvement in a sex romp in Raj Bhawan surfaced .
Congress sources say that Chhattisgarh governor ESL Narsimhan may get additional charge of Andhra Pradesh .
It is understood that Tiwari 's fate was sealed by none other than President Pratibha Patil .
The President , who is to arrive in Hyderabad on her annual southern sojourn on Sunday morning , had indicated that it would be untenable for her to come to the city with such allegations being made publicly .
Patil would have been received by Tiwari at the airport .
Tiwari took the cue and with continued agitations outside Raj Bhavan by vociferous women activists realised that his position was untenable .
Indications from the Congress high command were also not very favourable for him .
An emergency meeting was held earlier in the day over the ‘ sex tape ’ issue .
Though Tiwari men had been aggressive on Friday morning soon after the tapes were telecast , by evening , their position had tempered down .
This might have been with the realisation that the governor was absolutely defenceless with foolproof tapes available with the ABN Andhra Jyothi , the channel that telecast the episode .
Also Tiwari and his aides realised that he had been done in by elements deep within his camp .
Times
Now reported that the 86 - year - old leader has cited ‘ health reasons ’ for quitting .
He had also lately been overcome with fading memory and other indications of senility .
The Congress party welcomed Tiwari ’s resignation .
" I think he has taken an appropriate decision keeping in view the high standards of public life .
We welcome it , " AICC media department chief Janardan Dwivedi told reporters in Delhi .
Earlier in the day , the Central government had asked for a report from the state government and knowledgeable sources had already stated that he could be asked to quit the post following severe embarrassment to the Congress party .
After the sting operation was telecast yesterday by the ABN Andhra Jyothi channel , the Raj Bhavan approached the Andhra Pradesh High Court and got a restraint order on the channel from telecasting the footage .
However , the channel 's Editor - in - Chief Vemuri Radhakrishna said that they have evidence to back what they have shown .
" Let them serve defamation notice .
We are even ready to deal with the issue " .
Sources in the Government had said the Andhra Pradesh Chief Secretary has been asked to give a report on the issue and it will take a view once it is received .
Congress sources had said that the party is concerned over the issue as it has embarrassed it .
They said the embarrassment was more acute because of Tiwari 's long association with the party and he may have to go .
This is not the first time that Tiwari , a former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand and a former Union Minister , has figured in controversies involving women .
Sometime ago , a lawyer Rohit Shekhar had filed a paternity suit in Delhi High Court against Tiwari claiming that he was born out of intimate relationship between the Congress leader and his mother Ujwala Sharma .
The charge was , however , denied by the Governor .
The Delhi High Court , however , had rejected the petition on the ground that Shekhar filed it a long time after becoming a major and was time - barred .
Welcome to the seventh issue of The Left Fold , a weekly programming article digest .
Submissions for future issues are solicited .
Eleven
Theses on Clojure : takeaway from a few days with the language .
( reddit )
How a type system helps you write better code : enforced documentation and ease of refactoring .
Why Perl Lost It : reflection on why Perl no longer enjoys the prominence it used to .
( reddit )
The New York Times writes :
Three months ago , the CIT Group barely averted what it considered to be a ruinous bankruptcy filing that would likely have put the 101 - year - old lender out of business .
On Sunday afternoon , the company filed for Chapter 11 — but under a so - called prepackaged bankruptcy plan that will enable it to emerge from court protection by the end of the year , under the control of its debtholders .
( Read the filing after the jump . )
The filing , made in a federal court in Manhattan , will still mean much pain for many parties , beginning with taxpayers .
CIT received $ 2.3 billion in government aid last year , a bailout that came in the form of preferred stock .
That will almost certainly be wiped out in the bankruptcy process , the first realized loss in the government ’s rescue of the financial system .
While several firms that have received bailout money , including Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , have repaid the government , others — including the American International Group , General Motors and Chrysler — are expected to lead to losses .
CIT ’s filing will test whether a financial company can survive the Chapter 11 process .
Bankruptcy has long been considered a death knell for lenders , whose very existence depends on the confidence of its creditors and customers .
The company ’s struggles have been watched with interest and trepidation by analysts and the thousands of small and midsize businesses that borrow from CIT .
CIT was the nation ’s largest provider of what is known as factoring , a type of lending used heavily by retailers .
The company has spent months trying to reassure its clients that it will remain open for business as stores ramp up for the holiday season .
Relatively few other companies serve as factors , and among them are other embattled lenders like GMAC .
The filing on Sunday capped months of efforts by CIT to stay alive .
After being denied another bailout by the federal government , the company bargained with its creditors over a restructuring plan that would keep it operating and cut $ 10 billion in unsecured debt .
“ The decision to proceed with our plan of reorganization will allow CIT to continue to provide funding to our small business and middle market customers , two sectors that remain vitally important to the U.S. economy , ” Jeffrey M. Peek , CIT ’s outgoing chairman and chief executive , said in a statement .
“ This market - based solution allows CIT to enter into the reorganization process well - prepared and positioned for a swift emergence . ”
While CIT had hoped to stay out of bankruptcy court through a bond exchange offer , that plan failed to win enough support from bondholders , the company said in a statement .
With $ 71 billion in assets and nearly $ 65 billion in liabilities , CIT is among the largest corporate bankruptcies on record , though it is dwarfed by the likes of Lehman Brothers and Washington Mutual .
The company said in its bankruptcy petition that it had $ 800 million in bonds maturing from Sunday through Tuesday .
CIT said that only its holding company would file for bankruptcy , and that most of its important operating subsidiaries , including its Utah bank , would continue to operate normally .
Mr. Peek , the architect of its push to grow beyond its sleepy industrial - lending roots into a major new financial player , will step down by the end of the year .
People briefed on the matter said the search for his replacement was continuing and ultimately remained up to the company ’s new board of directors .
Bondholders will receive about 70 cents on the dollar through the prepackaged bankruptcy , though the company warned that investors could receive as little as 6 cents on the dollar in the alternative , a free - fall bankruptcy that lacked a preapproved reorganization plan .
Last month , CIT unveiled its debt - exchange offer , which would have let bondholders tender their holdings for new , longer - dated bonds and preferred stock .
But it also began soliciting votes for the prepackaged bankruptcy option .
Under federal bankruptcy law , approval of such a plan requires the support of more than 51 percent of the number of creditors voting and more than two - thirds of the dollar value of those bonds .
CIT said in a statement that holders of about 85 percent of its $ 30 billion in bond debt participated in the voting .
Those investors voted almost unanimously to support the prepackaged bankruptcy plan .
Last week , the company secured several important agreements to aid its prepackaged bankruptcy plan .
It obtained a $ 4.5 billion loan from several investors , including bondholders who lent it $ 3 billion in the summer .
It also reached an accord with Goldman Sachs that would preserve a $ 2.13 billion loan even through bankruptcy protection , while paying only a portion of a $ 1 billion termination fee .
CIT also ended a fight with the investor Carl Icahn , who had offered to pay bondholders 60 cents on the dollar if they rejected the company ’s prepackaged bankruptcy offering .
Mr. Icahn instead offered a $ 1 billion loan , although people close to CIT said the company did not expect to use the financing .
The company will be represented in bankruptcy by the investment bank Evercore Partners , the law firm Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom and the turnaround consulting firm FTI Consulting .
Elevated blood pressure , or hypertension , is associated with serious health problems , such as strokes , heart attacks , and kidney failure .
Most people believe the problem with hypertension is that the elevated pressure damages the arteries and the body ’s organs .
Actually , it is more often the other way around .
The rise in blood pressure is a response to a sick body — the blood pressure goes up as a natural and proper adaptation — as an attempt to compensate for a plugged up cardiovascular system .
After years of consuming the rich Western diet , the blood vessels develop blockages referred to as atherosclerosis , the artery walls stiffen , and the blood itself becomes viscous .
All this change creates a resistance to flow , resulting in a decrease in the ability to deliver nutrients to the tissues .
The body responds , as it should , with a rise in blood pressure .
The correct action for the patient to take is to decrease the resistance to flow by eating a healthy diet and exercising .
Most people who follow the McDougall diet find their blood pressure decreases within a few days .
Based on several collections of results from my clinic , the average reduction of blood pressure is about 14/11 mmHg in seven days , and at the same time medications used for treating hypertension are usually stopped .
My customary protocol is to stop all blood pressure - lowering medications the first day of the Program , except for beta - blockers , which I slowly discontinue by cutting the dosage in half every two to three days .
Unfortunately , not every patient experiences the reduction in numbers they desire .
Despite their best efforts some people may need medications .
These blood - pressure - lowering drugs function by poisoning the body in various ways .
“ Poison ” is the correct word .
In chemistry poison means to inhibit a substance or a reaction .
Beta - blockers inhibit the action of adrenalin on the heart muscle , calcium channel blockers inhibit the contraction of the blood vessels , ACE inhibitors and angiotensin receptor blockers do just that ( inhibit and block ) the blood pressure regulating hormones produced by the adrenal glands , and diuretics poison the water and electrolyte conserving functions of the kidneys .
These five major classes of medications are discussed in more detail below .
Take Measurements at Home for Months before Starting Drugs Before starting medications in non-emergency situations , people with concerns about their blood pressure should first , buy a good quality blood pressure cuff ( an oscillometric monitor for $ 50 to $ 100 ) and use it to monitor their blood pressure at home .
1
I suggest they then record the values several times a week and take these numbers to their private doctor for further discussion .
A sustained elevation of blood pressure to 160/100 mmHg or greater over months suggests the need for treatment with medication .
2
A word of caution :
If you do start blood pressure - lowering medications , avoid overly aggressive treatment .
In general , reducing blood pressure below 140/90 mmHg with medication is not beneficial and actually will increase the risk of heart attacks , strokes , and death.3,4 A recent review by the well - respected Cochrane Collaboration concluded with : “ Treating patients to lower than standard BP targets , ≤140-160/90 -100 mmHg , does not reduce mortality or morbidity .
” 5 Chlorthalidone
Is the Drug of Choice Chlorthalidone is an oral diuretic ( a water pill taken by mouth ) with a prolonged action of 48 to 72 hours and low toxicity .
Diuretics lower blood pressure by reducing fluid volume , which decreases the output of the heart causing the blood pressure to fall .
Doctors and patients often believe that all diuretics have similar benefits .
This is not the case , and chlorthalidone is the preferred kind of diuretic for most patients .
6,7 In 1990 , the Multiple Risk Factor Intervention Trial ( MRFIT ) reported a reduction in nonfatal cardiovascular events when the diuretic treatment was changed to replace hydrochlorothiazide ( HCTZ ) with chlorthalidone in men at high risk for coronary heart disease .
8
Chlorthalidone is also more effective at lowering systolic blood pressure ( the top number ) than HCTZ .
The starting dosage used was 12.5 to 25 mg daily ; but the dosage can be increased to 50 to 100 mg daily .
All patients receiving chlorthalidone should be checked after one month for evidence of fluid or electrolyte imbalance : namely , low sodium , low chloride , and low potassium ( by blood tests ) .
Other periodic laboratory tests should be performed to look for adverse effects from this potent diuretic .
For example , blood levels of cholesterol , triglycerides and uric acid can be increased by this medication .
Chlorthalidone is inexpensive ; a 30 - day supply is $ 4 and a 90 - day supply is $ 10 for 25 or 50 mg tablets at Walmart .
Why I No Longer Routinely Prescribe Beta - blockers
For many years beta - blockers were considered one of the first line therapies for the treatment of hypertension .
Current evidence suggests that beta - blockers ( like Atenolol ) should not be prescribed unless there is some other reason for their use ( like atrial fibrillation , heart failure , or myocardial infarction ) .
9
A recent Cochrane Collaboration concluded : “ The available evidence does not support the use of beta - blockers as first - line drugs in the treatment of hypertension .
This conclusion is based on the relatively weak effect of beta - blockers to reduce stroke and the absence of an effect on coronary heart disease when compared to placebo or no treatment .
” 10 Examples of commonly prescribed beta - blockers are : acebutolol ( Sectral ) , atenolol ( Tenormin ) , betaxolol ( Kerlone ) , betaxolol ( Betoptic , Betoptic S ) , bisoprolol fumarate ( Zebeta ) , carteolol ( Cartrol ) , carvedilol ( Coreg ) , esmolol ( Brevibloc ) , labetalol ( Trandate , Normodyne ) , metoprolol ( Lopressor , Toprol XL ) , nadolol ( Corgard ) , nebivolol ( Bystolic ) , penbutolol ( Levatol ) , pindolol ( Visken ) , propranolol ( Inderal , InnoPran ) , sotalol ( Betapace ) , and timolol ( Blocadren ) .
I Never Prescribe Calcium Channel Blockers Calcium channel blockers are also called “ calcium antagonists ” and “ calcium blockers . ”
They may decrease the heart 's pumping strength and relax the blood vessels , and are commonly used to treat high blood pressure , angina ( chest pain ) , and some arrhythmias ( abnormal heart rhythms ) .
However , they increase the risk of dying from heart disease and cancer ( especially breast cancer ) , and the risk of developing open - angle glaucoma , suicide , and bleeding .
11 -17 Examples of commonly prescribed calcium channel blockers are : amlodipine ( Norvasc ) , clevidipine ( Cleviprex ) , diltiazem ( Cardizem ) , felodipine ( Plendil ) , isradipine ( Dynacirc ) , nifedipine ( Adalat , Procardia ) , nicardipine ( Cardene ) , nimodipine ( Nimotop ) , nisoldipine ( Sular ) , and verapamil ( Calan , Isoptin ) .
I Never Prescribe Angiotensin Receptor Blockers ( ARBs ) Angiotensin is a hormone found in the body that causes blood vessels to constrict , resulting in higher blood pressure and extra work on the heart .
Angiotensin receptor blockers ( ARBs ) , also called angiotensin II receptor antagonists , prevent angiotensin from binding to its receptor in the walls of the blood vessels .
This results in a lower blood pressure .
These medications are often prescribed because they are less likely to cause a chronic cough than medications called angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors ( ACE Inhibitors ) , which also work on the “ angiotensin system ” to control high blood pressure .
Convincing evidence shows that angiotensin receptor blockers ( unlike ACE inhibitors ) increase the rates of myocardial infarction ( heart attacks ) despite their beneficial effects on reducing blood pressure .
18 Examples of commonly prescribed angiotensin receptor blockers are : candesartan ( Atacand ) , eprosartan ( Tevetan ) , irbesartan ( Avapro ) , telmisartan ( Mycardis ) , valsartan ( Diovan ) , and losartan ( Cozaar ) .
ACE Inhibitors Are Less Beneficial and More Dangerous Than Advertised Angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors ( ACE Inhibitors ) have been used for decades to treat hypertension and heart disease .
Their main selling point is that they are said to be “ renal - protective , ” meaning they help protect the kidneys from failing , especially for people with already existing kidney disease and / or diabetes .
However , their value for protecting the kidneys has been largely refuted .
20 -23
The ALLHAT data ( the largest antihypertensive trial and the second largest lipid - lowering trial ) showed that among those patients with diabetes , more patients in the ACE inhibitor ( lisinopril ) group progressed to end stage kidney failure compared with the chlorthalidone group .
23
Acute and chronic kidney failure from the use of these drugs is also reported ( and is much more common than most doctors realize ) .
19,23 Examples of commonly prescribed ACE inhibitors are : benzapril ( Lotensin ) , captopril ( Capoten ) , enalapril ( Vasotec ) , fosinopril ( Monopril ) , lisinopril ( Prinivil , Zestril ) , moexipril ( Univasc ) , perindopril ( Aceon ) , quinapril ( Accupril ) , ramipril ( Altace ) , and trandolapril ( Mavik ) .
Medication Benefits Are Oversold
Not surprisingly , pharmaceutical companies make great efforts to advertise the benefits of their products and to cover up the harms .
To be more blunt , these companies lie to doctors , patients , medical journals , and the media .
24
One common method used is to report unimportant benefits from use of their products , such as lowering the blood pressure , rather than reporting very important end points like staying alive and reducing the risk of a stroke or heart attack .
They also report “ relative benefits ” rather than “ absolute benefits . ”
For example , the risk of stroke over five years is fifteen cases per thousand for untreated patients and nine cases for those actively treated with medications .
25
The relative risk reduction is 15 minus 9 divided by 15 or a 40 % reduction .
Forty percent sounds like a great benefit .
However , figuring more honestly with reports of the absolute benefit are far less impressive .
The absolute reduction in stroke from treatment with medication is 15 minus 9 strokes , which equals only 6 strokes prevented after treating a thousand people with medication for five years .
In other words , annually , one stroke is prevented by treating one thousand patients .
That ’s a lot of money spent and side effects suffered for a very low absolute benefit .
( Would you trade sexual dysfunction for this one in a thousand possible benefit ? )
The bottom line is this :
Make all efforts to avoid the need for medications or any other medical services by staying healthy .
This means following the McDougall diet , exercising and practicing clean habits .
References : 1 ) Pickering TG , Miller NH , Ogedegbe G , Krakoff LR , Artinian NT , Goff D. Call to Action on Use and Reimbursement for Home Blood Pressure Monitoring : Executive Summary .
A Joint Scientific Statement From the American Heart Association , American Society of Hypertension , and Preventive Cardiovascular Nurses Association .
Hypertension .
2008 May 22 .
2 ) Williams B , Poulter NR , Brown MJ , Davis M , McInnes GT , Potter JF , Sever PS , Thom SM ; BHS guidelines working party , for the British Hypertension Society .
British Hypertension Society guidelines for hypertension management 2004 ( BHS - IV ) : summary .
BMJ . 2004 Mar 13;328(7440 ) :634-40 .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC381142/?tool=pubmed
3 ) http://www.nealhendrickson.com/mcdougall/2004nl/040700pubp.htm
4 ) http://www.drmcdougall.com/misc/2006nl/august/fav5.htm
5 ) Arguedas JA , Perez MI , Wright JM .
Treatment blood pressure targets for hypertension .
Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2009 Jul 8;( 3 ) : CD004349 6 ) http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/479473
7 ) The Medical Letter , Volume 51 ( Issue 1305 ) February 9 , 2009 8 ) Carter BL , Ernst ME , Cohen JD .
Hydrochlorothiazide versus chlorthalidone : evidence supporting their interchangeability .
Hypertension .
2004;43:4-9 . )
9 ) Carlberg B , Samuelsson O , Lindholm LH .
Atenolol in hypertension : is it a wise choice ?
Lancet . 2004 Nov 6;364(9446 ) :1684-9. 10 ) Wiysonge CS , Bradley H , Mayosi BM , Maroney R , Mbewu A , Opie LH , Volmink J. Beta - blockers for Hypertension .
Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2007 Jan 24 ;( 1) : CD002003 .
11 ) Psaty BM , Heckbert SR , Koepsell TD , Siscovick DS , Raghunathan TE , Weiss NS , Rosendaal FR , Lemaitre RN , Smith NL , Wahl PW , et al .
The risk of myocardial infarction associated with antihypertensive drug therapies .
JAMA .
1995 Aug 23-30;274(8) :620-5. 12 ) Beiderbeck - Noll AB , Sturkenboom MC , van der Linden PD , Herings RM , Hofman A , Coebergh JW , Leufkens HG , Stricker BH .
Verapamil is associated with an increased risk of cancer in the elderly : the Rotterdam study .
Eur J Cancer .
2003 Jan;39(1):98 -105 . 13 ) Fitzpatrick AL , Daling JR , Furberg CD , Kronmal RA , Weissfeld JL .
Use of calcium channel blockers and breast carcinoma risk in postmenopausal women .
Cancer .
1997 Oct 15;80(8) :1438 -47 . 14 ) Pahor M , Guralnik JM , Ferrucci L , Corti MC , Salive ME , Cerhan JR , Wallace RB , Havlik RJ .
Calcium - channel blockade and incidence of cancer in aged populations .
Lancet .
1996 Aug 24;348(9026 ) :493- 7. 15 ) Lindberg G , Bingefors K , Ranstam J , Rastam L , Melander A . Use of calcium channel blockers and risk of suicide : ecological findings confirmed in population based cohort study .
BMJ . 1998 Mar 7;316(7133 ) :741-5. 16 ) Pahor M , Guralnik JM , Furberg CD , Carbonin P , Havlik R. Risk of gastrointestinal haemorrhage with calcium antagonists in hypertensive persons over 67 years old .
Lancet .
1996 Apr 20;347(9008 ) : 1061 - 5. 17 ) Müskens RP , de Voogd S , Wolfs RC , Witteman JC , Hofman A , de Jong PT , Stricker BH , Jansonius NM .
Systemic antihypertensive medication and incident open - angle glaucoma .
Ophthalmology .
2007 Dec;114(12):2221 -6. 18 ) Verma S , Strauss M. Angiotensin receptor blockers and myocardial infarction .
These drugs may increase myocardial infarction – and patients may need to be told .
BMJ 2004 Nov 27;329:1248-9. 19 ) Onuigbo MAC .
Reno- prevention vs reno-protection : a critical re-appraisal of the evidence - base from the large RAAS blockade trials after ONTARGET — a call for more circumspection .
QJM .
2009 ;102(3) :155-167. 20 ) Suissa S , Hutchinson T , Brophy JM , Kezouh A. ACE - inhibitor use and the long - term risk of renal failure in diabetes .
Kidney Int. 2006;69(5):913-919 . 21 ) Mann JF , Schmieder RE , McQueen M ; et al , ONTARGET investigators .
Renal outcomes with telmisartan , ramipril , or both , in people at high vascular risk ( the ONTARGET study ) : a multicentre , randomised , double - blind , controlled trial .
Lancet .
2008;372(9638):547-553 . 22 ) Yusuf S , Teo KK , Pogue J ; et al , ONTARGET Investigators .
Telmisartan , ramipril , or both in patients at high risk for vascular events .
N Engl J Med . 2008;358(15):1547-1559 . 23 ) Onuigbo MAC .
Analytical review of the evidence for renoprotection by renin- angiotensin - aldosterone system blockade in chronic kidney disease — a call for caution .
Nephron Clin Pract .
2009 ;113(2):c63-c70 . 24 ) John P. A. Ioannidis .
Adverse Events in Randomized Trials : Neglected , Restricted , Distorted , and Silenced .
Arch Intern Med. 2009;169(19 ) :1737-1739 . 25 ) Cook RJ , Sackett DL .
The number needed to treat : a clinically useful measure of treatment effect .
BMJ . 1995 Feb 18;310( 6977 ) :452 - 4 .
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2548824/?tool=pubmed
There are some very obvious problems that never seem to go away .
Right now , I can see 1,592 articles on Google News about one poor girl who died unexpectedly after receiving the cervical cancer vaccine , and only 363 explaining the postmortem found a massive and previously undiagnosed tumour in her chest .
But this month , while the media wound themselves into an emotive frenzy of elaborate conspiracy theories , killer vaccines and industry cover-ups , the real death action was to be found hidden away in bland , dry data , when the Journal of the American Medical Association published one of the most damning papers of the year .
We have known for decades that academic publishing faces two serious problems .
One is that trials often go missing in action : a drug company might do eight trials of a drug , say , but only two have a positive result .
So those two will appear in an academic journal , while the other six with negative results quietly disappear .
Bizarrely , regulatory bodies like the FDA get to see this negative data , but often enough doctors do not .
This is a familiar problem , and a murderous one , because the results of all 8 trials combined might show that the treatment is ineffective ; in the absence of this full information , people are subjected unnecessarily to side effects , and deprived of other more effective treatments .
On top of that , we also know that researchers can change their stated goal , or " primary outcome " , after their trial has finished .
You might do a trial on a blood pressure pill , for example , stating that you will look to see if it can reduce heart attacks , but find that it does n't .
Then you might retrospectively change the purpose of your study , ignore the heart attacks , pretend it was only ever about blood pressure , and glowingly report a reduction in blood pressure as if this was what you were always interested in .
Or you might measure so many different things that some of them will show up as positive simply by chance .
Both of these problems are supposed to have been fixed by clinical trials registers : before you start your trial you publish the protocol , saying what your primary outcome is , how many people are in your trial , when it will finish , and so on .
Then , by looking at the protocol and the finished academic paper ( if it appears ) people can see if your trial has gone missing in action , or if you have misled them by changing your primary outcome .
This only works if it is enforced .
In 2005 the International Committee of Medical Journal Editors announced they would only publish trials that had been registered .
Many journals check initial protocols against finished academic papers .
So Sylvain Matthieu and colleagues checked up on the system : they gathered together all of the randomised , controlled trials from cardiology , rheumatology , and gastroenterology in the 10 biggest general medical and speciality journals from 2008 .
Of these 323 trials less than half were adequately registered before the end of the trial , with the primary outcome clearly specified .
Trial registration was entirely lacking for 89 trials .
Drug companies know they can get away without registering trials , and so the deaths caused by missing data will continue .
Then they looked more closely at the trials that were properly registered , and found repeated discrepancies between the outcomes stated at registration and the outcomes published in the final paper , in a third of all papers .
In almost all the papers where it was possible to assess the switch , a duff outcome was switched out in favour of one that showed a positive finding .
You might find it boring , but our failure to ensure full , undistorted publication of all trial data is the single most important issue in medicine today , because this is the only way we can know whether a treatment does good , or harm .
The story may be less emotive than one dead teenager , but it costs many more lives – and you should struggle to be angry about it , because the boring regulators we trust to monitor boring problems have repeatedly failed us on this one .
Instead , we rely on good will and vague promises , monitored only by an occasional ad hoc analysis from an academic on a whim .
This is a broken system .
Write 1,592 stories about that .
i Phone developer Pandav has informed MacRumors that they have spotted usage records for an unreleased iPhone in their app 's analytics .
The app used was iBART [ Free / Paid ] , a public transportation guide for the San Francisco train system .
PinchMedia who provides the analytics for the application breaks down customer usage including what specific devices are being used .
This list of devices is reported to developers using internal device identification numbers assigned by Apple .
In this case , " iPhone3, 1 " was first spotted in Pandav 's usage logs in November .
This " iPhone 3, 1 " identifier does not match up with any shipping iPhones .
The last iPhone released to the public was the iPhone 3GS which carries the identification string " iPhone2, 1 " .
References to " iPhone3, 1 " was first discovered in the iPhone firmware files back in August , but this seems to be the first time that it has been spotted " in the wild " .
Apple similarly began testing the iPhone 3GS ( iPhone 2,1 ) back in October of 2008 about 8 months ahead of its launch .
At the time , the usage was similarly focused in the San Francisco Bay Area where Apple is located .
There have been few details about what the next generation iPhone might include , though early rumors had pegged a multi-core processor that could enhance performance significantly .
There have also been rumors of Verizon compatibility as early as mid 2010 .
Known as “ La Isla de la Munecas ” , by the Spanish , The Island of the Dolls is perhaps the creepiest tourist attraction in Mexico .
Located within an extensive network of canals , south of Mexico City , the island is a place of mystery and superstition .
Almost every tree growing on the island is decorated with old , mutilated dolls that give anyone the feeling that they ’re constantly being watched .
The story behind the Island of the Dolls began when a hermit by the name of Don Julian Santana moved here .
Although he was married he chose to live the last 50 years of his life alone .
Don Julian used to say he was haunted by the ghost of the little girl who had drowned in one of the canals around the island .
Some say he used to fish the dolls from the water because he though they were real children , but the truth is he was collecting and placing them around his home as a shrine for the spirit that tormented him .
At one point he even traded home grown fruit and vegetables for old dolls .
Ironically , in 2001 Don Julian Santana was found dead by his nephew , in the same canal that he said the little girl drowned in .
Now his Island of the Dolls is one of the world ’s weirdest tourist attractions .
Some tourists who visited this place claim the dolls whisper and you must offer them a gift upon setting foot on the island , to appease their spirits .
via Bizarre
The writer , Clive James , once wrote that while most sequels begin where the original ended , Jaws
Two began where the original blockbuster film had begun .
James argued the sequel was closer to a repeat with the shark posing precisely the same threat to the same characters .
" MPs ' Expenses – the Sequel " is similar to Jaws Two .
The original ended last summer , with MPs paying back expenses , the former Home Secretary Jacqui Smith in particular trouble and voters seething with anger .
Yesterday the sequel began with MPs paying back even more expenses , Jacqui Smith being forced to apologise to the Commons and voters fuming .
The plot is familiar , even if voters can not get enough of it .
There is a view that all the parties have suffered from this repetitive saga .
Senior Conservative strategists work on the assumption that all politicians are loathed and this will be the unavoidable backdrop of the forthcoming election campaign .
I am told that Gordon Brown has hopes that in the end the Conservatives will be more damaged by the expenses affair than Labour .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I suspect the Tory strategists are being too pessimistic and Brown is clutching at straws in relation to this particular issue .
Like the original , the sequel plays into an anti-politics mood that chimes neatly with David Cameron 's Thatcherite tunes .
Cameron 's recent attacks on big government make him the only leader in the Western world who believes the reckless activity of banks was the consequence of too much government rather than too little .
But while voters view MPs with a loathing disdain , it is much harder for his opponents to argue that politics as a vocation can be a force for good .
No wonder Cameron links the current economic crisis with his trivial proposal to reduce the number of MPs .
Subliminally the MPs ' expenses scandal becomes part of his wider hostility towards government and the state .
Those Labour MPs who complain about the excessively stringent approach of their latest investigator , Sir Thomas Legg , only fuel the anti-politics mood .
This is no time for rational arguments .
The lynch mob wants some more lynching .
Of course it is unfair for new rules to be applied retrospectively as Legg appears to have done .
But this is a crisis that demands cathartic sacrifices until the voters ' anger is sated .
MPs should pay up and hope they can move on .
Quite a lot of them will move on by leaving politics altogether .
This is the only bright light in an otherwise dark affair .
There is a chance to refresh parliament at the next election and fill it with a new generation of more dynamic and talented politicians .
The chance will probably be missed .
All the hyperactivity and anger around the minor issue of expenses has missed a much bigger point .
Most MPs are not corrupt , but nor are they especially impressive .
This is not a rotten parliament , but it is a mediocre one , as was the parliament that preceded it and the one before that .
Tony Blair used to despair about the lack of talent available to him as he made appointments to his various governments .
Blair was hopeless at reshuffles , but then again he had a lot to be hopeless about .
His benches were not bursting with talent .
Nor are those behind Cameron .
There is a crisis of representation in parliament because of the quality of MPs , yet the focus is on their integrity , a red herring as it usually is in British politics .
The method by which the main parties select their candidates is a more pressing issue than whether MPs pay back past expenses .
The issue becomes more urgent because there will be so many vacancies .
The next parliament will be unrecognisable from the one that meets again this week .
Probably the turnover will be as great as in 1997 , a significant consequence of the MPs ' expenses affair .
Yet will the level of talent be much higher ?
This is not a minor question , although it is rarely posed .
We are talking about the pools of talent that will form the next government and shape the fragile futures of the opposition parties .
The main reason why the question is ignored is because it leads in awkward directions .
In both the Conservative and Labour parties the selections of candidates are more democratic than they used to be .
Yet the change has often benefited mediocre local figures at the expense of more talented ones .
One member of a local Labour constituency party in London tells me of a recent selection process that he took part in .
The winner was a councillor from the constituency who had cultivated the local membership almost as a full - time job for a couple of years .
Apparently she was the least well - qualified in terms of national potential .
There were two other candidates who were far more impressive , a woman from a nearby constituency and one from another part of London , both of whom spoke without notes and were dynamic public figures who had flourished in other professions .
Both would have been better MPs and yet they never stood a chance against the solid , plodding councillor who was better known in the constituency .
The councillor will be heading for the Commons next year .
The Conservatives have recently opted for open primaries where a number of selected candidates make their pitch to members of the public .
Arguably this is more of a test for national politics , but still a limited one .
A half - decent speaker from the constituency is likely to impress superficially compared with bigger figures from afar .
As the Labour member who witnessed the selection of the local councillor put it to me : " Candidates being selected are good on wheelie bins but have nothing to say about taking the G20 out of recession ... at least in the past regional organisers could spot a national figure like Tony Crosland or Michael Foot and make sure they got a seat . "
There is a great taboo here : in selection meetings does local democracy thrive at the expense of national democracy ?
I do not pretend to have the answer to this conundrum .
National politicians are held in such low esteem they are in no position to bypass local procedures .
Yet without more talented figures elected to parliament , national politics will struggle to find figures rising to the challenges of our times , many of them more daunting than " MPs ' Expenses – The Sequel " .
s.richards@independent.co.uk
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A zoo in Gaza has found a novel way to get around Israeli restrictions on the importation of animals by partly dyeing two donkeys so they resemble zebras .
The owner of the Marah Land zoo in Gaza City said he had used masking tape and black hair dye , applied with a paint - brush , to disguise the white females .
Mohammed Bargouthi said it would have cost him more than $ 40,000 to bring in a real zebra via smuggling tunnels .
Children seemed delighted by the new additions and happily played with them .
The children do n't know , so they call them zebras and they are happy to see something new
Mohammed Bargouthi
Owner , Marah Land zoo " The first time we used paint but it did n't look good , " Mr Bargouthi told the Reuters news agency .
" The children do n't know , so they call them zebras and they are happy to see something new . "
All the real animals at the zoo , including monkeys and a tigress , had been smuggled under the border at great expense , he said .
FROM BBC WORLD SERVICE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from BBC World Service
Two genuine zebras died of starvation earlier this year during the Israeli military offensive , he added .
Until Israel lifts its blockade of Gaza , imposed , it says , in an attempt to reduce rocket attacks and weaken the leadership of the Palestinian militant group Hamas , such asinine deceptions are likely to continue .
But after hearing of the story , the mayor of one Israeli town has offered to send two real zebras to the zoo .
Tzvi Bar , mayor of Ramat Gan , said he had been shocked to hear of what had happened , Israeli media reported on Friday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Welcome to the online home of
The Interviews : An Oral History of Television !
We record in - depth video conversations with key figures in television , both in front of and behind the camera .
CAPTURING TELEVISION HISTORY , ONE VOICE AT A TIME
What is memprof and why do I care ?
If you enjoy this article , subscribe ( via RSS or e-mail ) and follow me on twitter .
memprof is a Ruby gem which supplies memory profiler functionality similar to bleak_house without patching the Ruby VM .
You just install the gem , call a function or two , and off you go .
Where do I get it ?
memprof is available on gemcutter , so you can just :
gem install memprof
Feel free to browse the source code at : http://github.com/ice799/memprof.
How do I use it ?
Using memprof is simple .
Before we look at some examples , let me explain more precisely what memprof is measuring .
memprof is measuring the number of objects created and not destroyed during a segment of Ruby code .
The ideal use case for memprof is to show you where objects that do not get destroyed are being created :
Objects are created and not destroyed when you create new classes .
This is a good thing .
Sometimes garbage objects sit around until garbage_collect has had a chance to run .
These objects will go away .
has had a chance to run .
These objects will go away .
Yet in other cases you might be holding a reference to a large chain of objects without knowing it .
Until you remove this reference , the entire chain of objects will remain in memory taking up space .
memprof will show objects created in all cases listed above .
OK , now Let ’s take a look at two examples and their output .
A simple program with an obvious memory “ leak ” :
require ' memprof ' @blah = Hash.new ( [ ] ) Memprof.start 100.times { @blah [ 1 ] << " aaaaa " } 1000. times { @blah [ 2 ] << " bbbbb " } Memprof.stats Memprof.stop
This program creates 1100 objects which are not destroyed during the start and stop sections of the file because references are held for each object created .
Let 's look at the output from memprof :
1000 test.rb:11 : String 100 test.rb:7:String
In this example memprof shows the 1100 created , broken up by file , line number , and type .
Let 's take a look at another example :
require ' memprof ' Memprof.start require " stringio " StringIO.new Memprof.stats
This simple program is measuring the number of objects created when requiring stringio .
Let 's take a look at the output :
108 /custom/ree/lib/ruby/1.8/x86_64-linux/stringio.so:0:__node__ 14 test2.rb:3:String 2 /custom/ree/lib/ruby/1.8/x86_64-linux/stringio.so:0:Class 1 test2.rb:4:StringIO 1 test2.rb:4:String 1 test2.rb:3:Array 1 / custom / ree/lib/ruby/1.8/x86_64-linux/stringio.so:0:Enumerable
This output shows an internal Ruby interpreter type __node__ was created ( these represent code ) , as well as a few String s and other objects .
Some of these objects are just garbage objects which have n't had a chance to be recycled yet .
What if nudge the garbage_collector along a little bit just for our example ?
Let 's add the following two lines of code to our previous example :
GC.start Memprof.stats
We 're now nudging the garbage collector and outputting memprof stats information again .
This should show fewer objects , as the garbage collector will recycle some of the garbage objects :
108 /custom/ree/lib/ruby/1.8/x86_64-linux/stringio.so:0:__node__ 2 test2.rb:3:String 2 /custom/ree/lib/ruby/1.8/x86_64-linux/stringio.so:0:Class
1 /custom/ree/lib/ruby/1.8/x86_64-linux/stringio.so:0:Enumerable
As you can see above , a few String s and other objects went away after the garbage collector ran .
Which Rubies and systems are supported ?
Only unstripped binaries are supported .
To determine if your Ruby binary is stripped , simply run : file `which ruby` .
If it is , consult your package manager 's documentation .
Most Linux distributions offer a package with an unstripped Ruby binary .
binaries are supported .
To determine if your Ruby binary is stripped , simply run : .
If it is , consult your package manager 's documentation .
Most Linux distributions offer a package with an unstripped Ruby binary .
Only x86_64 is supported at this time .
Hopefully , I 'll have time to add support for i386/i686 in the immediate future .
is supported at this time .
Hopefully , I 'll have time to add support for i386/i686 in the immediate future .
Linux Ruby Enterprise Edition ( 1.8.6 and 1.8.7 ) is supported .
Linux MRI Ruby 1.8.6 and 1.8.7 built with -- disable - shared are supported .
Support for -- enable - shared binaries is coming soon .
Snow Leopard support is experimental at this time .
at this time .
Ruby 1.9 support coming soon .
How does it work ?
If you 've been reading my blog over the last week or so , you 'd have noticed two previous blog posts ( here and here ) that describe some tricks I came up with for modifying a running binary image in memory .
memprof is a combination of all those tricks and other hacks to allow memory profiling in Ruby without the need for custom patches to the Ruby VM .
You simply require the gem and off you go .
memprof works by inserting trampolines on object allocation and deallocation routines .
It gathers metadata about the objects and outputs this information when the stats method is called .
What else is planned ?
Myself , Jake Douglas , and Aman Gupta have lots of interesting ideas for new features .
We do n't want to ruin the surprise , but stay tuned .
More cool stuff coming really soon :)
Thanks for reading and do n't forget to subscribe ( via RSS or e-mail ) and follow me on twitter .
Chad Jones Wrecks Joe Adams in LSU - Arkansas Game
Arkansas has given LSU problems the last few years .
Although LSU always seems to be the superior team coming into the matchup , Arkansas squeaked out the win for the last two years .
This year was no different in that it was a close game , but LSU got the last laugh with a game - winning field goal in overtime .
LSU did n’t just win the game , they punished the Razorbacks in the form of the hardest hit I have seen in a long time .
As Arkansas was marching down the field late in the 4th , down 4 , Ryan Mallett threw a great pass to Joe Adams .
The only problem is the pass led Adams directly into Chad Jones .
Jones led with his helmet and earned a penalty for it , but it saved a touchdown and created the best video clip of a college football hit all season .
If I was Adams , I would rather get pantsed than take a hit like that .
Although Adams would go on to catch a touchdown on 4th down a few plays later , the hit made the crowd go crazy and fired up the LSU players .
In overtime , LSU scored a quick field goal .
On Arkansas ’s possession , they were unable to create anything on offense and had to settle for a 36 - yard field goal .
They missed it .
Regardless of the outcome of the game , this is one of the best hits you will see .
It was what is known as a “ Triple KO “ , since the ball and both players were knocked out .
It may not have been completely clean because Jones led with his helmet , but it saved the touchdown .
Had he not put the hit on like he did , Adams may have hung onto the ball and scored .
Share This
SAN FRANCISCO / LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - At 11 p.m. on the last day of the month , shoppers flock to the nearest Walmart .
They load their carts with food and household items and wait for the midnight hour .
That ’s when food stamp credits are loaded on their electronic benefits transfer cards .
Thelma Zambrano eats lunch with her husband Jesse Torres and daughter Vida Torres , 2 , at their home in Santa Ana , California , December 10 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson
“ Once the clock strikes midnight and EBT cards are charged , you can see our results start to tick up , ” says Tom Schoewe , Wal - Mart Stores Inc ’s chief financial officer .
As food stamps become an increasingly common currency in a struggling U.S. economy , they are dictating changes in how even the biggest retailers do business .
From Costco to Wal - Mart , store chains are rethinking years of strategy as they watch prized customers lose jobs and turn to this benefit , the stigma of which is disappearing not just in society , but in corporate America .
Besides staffing up for the spike in shoppers on the first day of the month , retailers are adjusting when and what they stock , updating point - of - sale systems to accept food stamps and shifting expansion plans to focus on lower - income shoppers .
Take Costco Wholesale Corp , a warehouse club operator that caters to middle income Americans who must pay $ 50 a year to shop in its stores .
Nudged along by New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo , who threatened legal action , Costco began accepting food stamps at a few New York stores in May .
It now plans to clear the payments in all of its 413 locations in the United States and Puerto Rico .
“ Our view was ... we would not get a lot of food stamps because our member on average is a little more upscale , ” Costco Chief Financial Officer Richard Galanti said in October .
“ Well , I think that was probably a little bit arrogant on our part . ”
As of September , a record of more than 37 million people were enrolled for the government benefit , federal officials told Reuters , an increase of nearly 35 percent since the U.S. slid into recession at the end of 2007 .
An estimated one in eight Americans depends on the benefit to buy food .
With the nation ’s unemployment in double digits , more people are expected to enroll .
By some government estimates , up to 16 million people who are not receiving food stamps today could qualify .
For a graphic on growing food stamp use , click on link .
reuters.com/huq47g
What ’s more , unemployed Americans are finding that it takes longer and longer to get work .
This suggests that food stamps will play a bigger role over the next few years , not just for people , but for stores in need of customers , according to interviews with retail executives , economists , federal and state officials and benefit recipients .
“ It is a very important and increasingly important source of revenue for the ... supermarkets and stores that have been approved across the country to process those benefits , ” Kevin Concannon , U.S. undersecretary of agriculture , said in an interview this month .
Stores have little choice but to respond .
And they are .
In the fiscal year that ended in September , 193,753 U.S. retailers accepted food stamps , 17 percent more than the same period two years earlier .
“ For some chains ... it ’s 10 to 12 percent of their revenues , ” Concannon said .
“ Depending on how poor the area may be , it may even be higher . ”
Tellingly , electronic benefits transfer ( EBT ) transactions processed by retailers jumped 53 percent this year on a same - store sales basis on Black Friday , the kickoff to the U.S. holiday shopping season , payments processor First Data told Reuters .
EBT includes food stamps and other government benefits like temporary cash assistance for needy families and food assistance for new and expecting mothers .
THE NEW FOOD STAMP SHOPPER
Thelma Zambrano wants to keep shopping at Costco , but ca n’t afford to renew her membership since losing her customer service job at a bank .
Now , she takes monthly food stamp benefits of about $ 300 and helps others do the same at the Community Action Partnership of Orange County , California , a nonprofit that helps poor people and where she now works .
“ Before we made anywhere from $ 55,000 to $ 65,000 , and right now ...
I ’m lucky if I make $ 15,000 or $ 20,000 , ” said Zambrano , a 26 - year - old mother of two from Santa Ana .
She and her husband have cut spending to the bone and moved in with relatives .
Most food stamp recipients subsist on earnings below the poverty line -- roughly $ 22,000 annually for a family of four -- and many new users are from the ranks of the working poor .
Zambrano ’s experience illustrates how the recession also has sent many middle - income families into economic freefall .
Their circumstances have , in turn , served as a wake - up call for food retailers that never thought their clientele would depend on public assistance .
For her part , Zambrano let her mother know that a new membership to Costco would make a perfect holiday gift .
“ She got the hint , ” she said .
“ I ’m sure we ’ll probably get our membership for the next year . ”
Eighty - five percent of food stamp benefits are redeemed at grocery and warehouse stores , and the program means serious business for such retailers .
Nearly $ 55 billion in food stamps may be redeemed this year , up from about $ 37 billion in 2008 and $ 31 billion in 2007 , according to The Nilson Report .
The USDA expects to have more than $ 64 billion to spend on food stamp benefits in fiscal 2010 , including nearly $ 6 billion in anticipated stimulus money , up 14 percent from fiscal 2009 .
Dollar General says food - stamp use accounts for about 4 percent of its sales , and is growing about 10 percent year over year .
Kroger Co Chief Executive David Dillon said food stamp use at the biggest U.S. grocery chain is at the highest levels that executives at the company can remember .
“ You go back to three or four years ago , the food stamp volume we ’re currently running is not quite double , but it ’s a lot higher .
So it ’s very significant , ” Kroger ’s Dillon said recently .
END OF THE MONTH BLUES
Tina Contraeras is one of those shoppers who goes to Walmart on the first of each month .
She shops at the one in American Canyon , just outside California ’s Napa Valley .
Unemployed and on disability benefits , Contraeras , 45 , has custody of her grandchildren , ages 2 and 3 .
She has resorted to circling the first of the month on her calendar so that when her grandchildren are hungry , she can count down the days until they can return to the grocery store .
“ I have to make a game out of it for the kids , ” she said .
She feels she has no other choice .
Technology is one reason the food - stamp stigma is fading .
While recipients once announced their status by pulling out bulky coupon books at the checkout counter , today ’s users are far less noticeable .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Benefits from the food stamp program , now known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program ( SNAP ) , and other types of government financial assistance are loaded onto EBT cards that can be swiped to make a payment , just like a debit or credit card .
Like Contraeras , other food - stamp beneficiaries appear to waste little time cashing in their benefits .
According to J.P. Morgan which administers EBT programs for more than 20 states , 85 percent of food stamps are depleted within the first three days they are available .
Companies like Walmart and Kroger now talk about a sales bump on those days , a phenomenon that more than a decade ago inspired a song by hip hop group Bone Thugs - n - Harmony called “ 1st of tha Month . ”
Poverty hit an 11 - year high in 2008 , the same year in which a government report showed that more than 49 million Americans were at risk of going hungry .
And recreating the jobs lost during a downturn does n’t necessarily happen fast .
It took nearly four years to regain all the jobs lost during the 2001 recession , when unemployment peaked at 6.3 percent , according to the Economic Policy Institute , a progressive think tank in Washington , D.C .
Expecting the worst this time around , retailers are trying to reposition their business for what they call a “ new normal , ” where jobs are scarcer , and more and more Americans depend on the government to make ends meet .
After years of wooing higher income shoppers , national chains are now seeing opportunity in the low end of the market .
Supervalu
Inc recently announced plans to open 50 new Save - A - Lot discount stores this year and to have another 100 stores in the pipeline for next year .
The additions will bring its total number of Save - A - Lot stores to about 1,330 .
It is paying for the initiative by halving its quarterly dividend .
Family Dollar Stores
Inc , which sells most of its merchandise for below $ 10 , began realigning its business even before the downturn .
It installed refrigerators and coolers in its stores , enabling it to sell perishable food like milk and luncheon meat , and upgraded its checkout system to accept EBT as payment .
To accept food stamps , retailers must sell food in each of four staple food groups : bread and grains ; dairy , fruit and vegetables ; and meat , poultry and fish .
Or , at least 50 percent of the total sales in a store must be from the sale of eligible staple food , like flour , bread or beef .
Dorlisa Flur , Family Dollar ’s chief merchandising officer , says the store ’s core shoppers have been “ under pressure ” for years .
She describes that core shopper as a woman who earns less than $ 40,000 a year and lives paycheck to paycheck .
This shopper was hit hard in 2005 when gasoline prices spiked in the wake of Hurricane Katrina .
Then came a surge in food prices , a housing bust and recession .
“ When the whole housing market fell apart too , that really drove her to lean on food stamps , ” Flur said .
“ By accepting EBT , we were opening up a portion of the wallet we were not able to touch before . ”
Most retailers are reluctant to discuss how much money they have spent updating their point - of - sale , or POS , systems to accept food stamps as payment .
J.P. Morgan said that in an effort to limit expenses for retailers as paper food stamps were phased out , EBT cards were designed to work off existing magnetic stripe technology .
“ The expense for updating POS terminals was more than absorbed by the savings from eliminating paper handling , ” according to Christopher Paton , managing director in J.P. Morgan ’s Treasury Services Public Sector Group .
Retailers could more than make up for their investments if food stamp ranks continue to swell , as expected .
There are currently 1.25 million households receiving food stamp benefits in California , and 1.22 million households in Texas , according to the USDA .
As of 2007 , the latest year of available data , only half of eligible individuals in those states were enrolled to receive the benefits .
Many Californians are intimidated by the application process or do not realize they are eligible , keeping food stamp usage far below where it should be , said Alameda County Community Food Bank spokesman Brian Higgins .
Calls to his food bank , across the bay from San Francisco , for emergency food help have surged .
“ In our first 13 years , we only went over 1,500 ( phone calls ) in one month twice , ” he said .
“ We ’ve gone over 3,000 ( phone calls ) for the fourth month in a row and the numbers are going up . ”
The food bank , which runs a food stamp outreach program , tells callers that they might qualify for the benefit .
Pamela Center , 48 , turned to the Alameda Food Bank for help when she signed up for food stamps in November .
Center , an in - home care provider , saw her monthly income shrink to about $ 410 from $ 1,500 after she lost a client .
She tries to stretch her dollars by eating at her parents ’ house or visiting food banks , but she was still not getting enough to make it through the month .
That hunger led her to overcome her own inhibitions and sign up for benefits .
“ With my pride , I was like , ‘ I really do n’t want to do this , ’ but if I do n’t I will have nothing left in my house , ” she said .
" The ethos will always be that the British police are unarmed , but we need officers to be able to use firearms when appropriate , " he said .
" My feeling is that the current balance is just about right . "
Every guy loves when beautiful chick sucks his cock .
And the morning blowjob is the best thing ever !
Watch now how this gorgeous babe Sandra de Marco gets her mouth hard fucked with this huge and hard as rock dick !
M-m-m , it seems that that hot jizz is very useful for her skin – all her sweet face is splashed with sperm !
As we watch Congress wrangle with much - needed reforms to the PATRIOT Act -- particularly attempts to address the misuse of National Security Letters -- it 's clear that there are important voices missing from the fray .
One notable void stems from the empty Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board ( PCLOB ) .
Alongside a coalition of civil liberties groups , EFF yesterday called on President Obama to prioritize the nomination of board members so that the PCLOB can contribute to ongoing debates over government surveillance , cybersecurity , and more .
In 2006 , the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board played some role in oversight of government surveillance abuses .
In a recent editorial , former PCLOB Vice Chairman Alan Raul recounted its short - lived impact :
The board met many times in person and by telephone conference .
We held numerous private sessions with the president 's national security and homeland security advisers , the attorney general , the FBI director and many other officials on the front line of the war against terrorism .
At President Bush 's personal direction , the board was fully briefed on the most closely held program involving terrorist surveillance .
It was also provided full access regarding the FBI 's appalling misuse of its authority to obtain information through " national security letters . "
At the attorney general 's request , the board investigated and reported its highly critical conclusions on the scandal to the attorney general and the White House counsel .
However , less than a year after being staffed , the Board was reorganized by congressional leadership .
By January 2008 , the Board 's members were terminated by a " sunset " in the legislation with the understanding that new board members would be nominated and the board reconstituted .
Now , nearing the end of 2009 , the board still sits empty .
We hope that President Obama recognizes the importance of oversight and takes the advice contained in his own administration 's Cyberspace Policy Review , which correctly highlighted how " it is important to reconstitute the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board [ and ] accelerate the selection process for its board members . "
We could n't agree more .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Clocking in as the fifth largest bankruptcy in U.S. history , CIT Group filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on Sunday .
The 101 - year - old commercial lender will try to restructure its debt while keeping loans flowing to thousands of small and midsize business clients .
Financial reporters have been quick to point out the biggest winners and losers in wake of the filing .
Few look worse off than the government , which stands to lose $ 2.3 billion it shelled out as a part of TARP , the federal bailout .
What may surprise some are the winners , who include Goldman Sachs and CIT creditors :
Losers
Taxpayers and the TARP , writes Linus Wilson at Seeking Alpha : " The CIT Group investment was a bad deal for taxpayers on the day it was made .
Today it looks like what little value remained in the taxpayers ' preferred stock investment has been wiped out .
There was little evidence that Treasury officials performed basic due diligence when investing in CIT Group in December 2008 .
If they had , they would have been shocked by the high yields on its publicly traded preferred stock .
Preferred stock is a very risky security .
CIT Group is the first large lesson for taxpayers of its risks ...
Today the taxpayers ' investment is virtually worthless .
With $ 71 billion of assets CIT Group never posed any systemic risk to the U.S. economy ... It surely is and was small enough to fail .
This begs the question , ' Why was it bailed out in December 31 , 2008 ? '
Taxpayers deserve answers . "
Investors , writes Douglas A. McIntyre at 24/7 Wall Street : " The group that will lose the most money the fastest are the investors who have bought CIT shares over the last several weeks , betting the company would not have to go to court .
Shares traded at $ 2.20 on September 29 .
On October 19 , CIT traded at $ 1.21 .
Investing in CIT was a long shot and investors who put their capital into the stock are likely to watch the shares fall to a few pennies tomorrow morning . "
Retailers writes Stephen Manning at The Huffington Post : " Analysts have warned that already ailing sectors , like retailers , could be hit especially hard , since CIT serves as the short - term financier for about 2,000 vendors that supply merchandise to more than 300,000 stores . "
Winners
Goldman Sachs , writes Mark M. Meinero at CNN Money : " CIT Group will pay Goldman a termination fee of $ 285 million and will post $ 250 million in collateral .
In return , Goldman agreed not to terminate the credit facility in the event of a CIT bankruptcy . "
The Bank's Creditors , writes Jon Shazar at Dealbreaker : " CIT filed for bankruptcy yesterday .
That ’s great news for its creditors — including those hedge funds and equally - ancient corporate raider Carl Icahn , whose $ 1 billion will keep the firm going during its stay at Club Chapter 11 ...
The government will recoup little if anything under the prepackaged bankruptcy plan , which promises creditors new notes at 70 cents on the dollar and new common stock .
Current common stockholders will get just 2.5 % of a reorganized CIT . "
CIT Group , suggest a team of Wall Street Journal reporters : " CIT garnered support from about 90 % of voting debt holders for a prepackaged reorganization plan that could allow the lender to speed through Chapter 11 and emerge with a new business model by year 's end .
The bankruptcy stay would eliminate some $ 10 billion in debt from the lender 's balance sheet . "
The reporters interview a chief executive in business with CIT who says , " We 're going to stay with them ... CIT 's bankruptcy - court stay will be a short but necessary fix . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
The site contains remains of 500 " intentionally mutilated " humans Archaeologists have found evidence of mass cannibalism at a 7,000 - year - old human burial site in south - west Germany , the journal Antiquity reports .
The authors say their findings provide rare evidence of cannibalism in Europe 's early Neolithic period .
Up to 500 human remains unearthed near the village of Herxheim may have been cannibalised .
The " intentionally mutilated " remains included children and even unborn babies , the researchers say .
The German site was first excavated in 1996 and then explored again between 2005 and 2008 .
Team leader Bruno Boulestin , from the University of Bordeaux in France , told BBC News that he and his colleagues had found evidence the human bones were deliberately cut and broken - an indication of cannibalism .
" We see patterns on the bones of animals indicating that they have been spit- roasted , " he said .
" We have seen some of these same patterns on the human bones [ at this site ] . "
But Dr Boulestin stressed it was difficult to prove that these bones had been deliberately cooked .
Some scientists have rejected the cannibalism theory , suggesting that the removal of flesh could have been part of a burial ritual .
But Dr Boulestin said the human remains had been " intentionally mutilated " and that there was evidence many of them had been chewed .
The early Neolithic was the period when farming first spread in central Europe and the team believes that cannibalism in Europe was likely to have been exceptional - possibly carried out during periods of famine .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Blank check sends Fannie , Freddie soaring
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Shares of mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac soared Monday after the Treasury Department announced what essentially amounts to a blank check for their bailouts .
Treasury lifted a $ 200 billion limit on the amount it was ready to pump into each of the two mortgage firms after the markets closed Thursday .
Fannie Mae ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) shares leapt 21 % Monday to $ 1.27 , while shares of Freddie Mac ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) jumped 27 % to $ 1.60 .
While the support from Treasury would appear to be a vote of confidence for the firms , the companies ' leaders apparently have no interest in owning the stocks themselves .
According to pay packages disclosed for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac on Thursday , no stock or options are being issued to any of their top managers .
That is unusual for shareholder - owned companies .
Other firms receiving federal bailouts , such as General Motors and American International Group ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) have been pushed by the government to pay their executives with stock .
Both Fannie Mae CEO Michael Williams and Freddie Mac CEO Charles Haldeman were given $ 6 million annual pay rates for 2009 , with all the compensation coming in cash .
Other top executives received annual cash payments of $ 2 million or more each , according to the companies ' filings .
The lack of stock and options for Fannie and Freddie executives suggests that when Congress and the Obama administration decide what to do with the mortgage firms , shareholders could be left with little or no equity .
Bose George , an analyst with investment bank Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , wrote in a note to clients that the lifting of the $ 200 billion limit is likely a sign that the Obama administration wants to use Fannie and Freddie to provide additional help to the housing market .
In July 2008 , Congress gave Treasury the right to provide as much aid as it deemed fit to the two firms , meaning that the current administration does not need additional Congressional approval for more funding .
" We believe that this change is not primarily directed at covering losses from [ the firms ' ] existing portfolios , " he wrote Monday .
" Our estimates suggest that even in a stress case scenario [ the firms ] are unlikely to exceed the $ 200 billion each that they had been allowed to access . "
George said it 's not a surprise that top executives at Fannie and Freddie would demand all - cash compensation packages .
" The shares have no long term value , " he wrote .
" This reinforces our view that the common shares will eventually trade to zero . "
The Treasury Department reiterated Thursday that it expects to present its plan for what to do to reform Fannie and Freddie in February .
But KBW 's George said in an interview that he does n't believe there will be much reform for at least another year .
George said it 's clear that hundreds of billions of dollars in losses will have to be written off .
He added that Fannie and Freddie will eventually need between $ 100 billion to $ 150 billion of assistance each from Treasury , making their bailouts by far the most expensive of the financial crisis .
The shares of the two firms are still publicly traded even though the federal government placed the companies into conservatorship in September 2008 due to losses from rising home foreclosures and falling home values .
The two firms own or insure about $ 5 trillion of mortgage - backed securities between them .
The conservatorship will give Treasury about 80 % of the shares of both companies , but it puts taxpayers on the hook to cover ongoing losses .
Fannie has drawn down $ 60.9 billion and Freddie has drawn $ 50.7 billion of federal help so far under the reorganization process .
Preamble Hello girls !
So , another home game for Manchester United , and another old boys ' reunion .
Yet whereas last time the fans had little but contempt for Carlos Tevez and Mark Hughes , this time there will be a mixture of reactions : genuine warmth for the Sunderland manager Steve Bruce , gentle respect for Phil Bardsley , Fraizer Campbell and David Healy , and complete indifference towards the world 's next great left - back , Kieran Richardson .
This should be an interesting game .
Sunderland redefined the phrase " parking the bus " at Old Trafford last season , playing 10 - 0 - 0 and losing 1 - 0 to an injury - time winner from Nemanja Vidic , but they are much more comfortable in their own skin these days and I reckon they 'll have a go at United 's surprisingly fragile defence today .
The psychoti fibrous pair of Lee Cattermole and Lorik Cana in the centre of midfield allow them to play 4 - 4 - 2 , and Darren Bent is in one of his strikingly frequent purple patches .
With Ryan Giggs in the mother of all purple patches and Wayne Rooney and Dimitar Berbatov playing as well as they ever have together , this should be entertaining stuff .
Should .
Team news , aka the Prattle of 4 - 4 - 2 Just the seven changes from Tinkerbell today .
The men who survive from Wednesday 's win over Wolfsburg are John O'Shea , Nemanja Vidic and the two unrotatables , Patrice Evra and Wayne Rooney .
The promising 18 - year - old Danny Welbeck starts a live Premier League game for the first time , almost certainly on the left wing , but the rested Ryan Giggs is n't even on the bench .
There are two changes for Sunderland , both in defence : Phil Bardsley and Anton Ferdinand come in for Paulo Da Silva and John Mensah .
Man Utd ( 4 - 4 -2 ) Foster ; O'Shea , Vidic , Evans , Evra ; Nani , Fletcher , Scholes , Welbeck , Rooney , Berbatov .
Subs : Kuszczak , Ferdinand , Brown , Anderson , Carrick , Fabio Da Silva , Valencia .
Sunderland ( 4 - 4 -2 ) Gordon ; Bardsley , Turner , Ferdinand , Richardson ; Malbranque , Cana , Cattermole , Reid ; Bent , Jones .
Subs : Fulop , McCartney , Nosworthy , Campbell , Henderson , Da Silva , Healy .
Referee Alan Wiley ( Staffordshire )
" This is awesome " writes Paul Martin .
" A few beers while watching the match at home and then out to experience all London has to offer .
I love Saturdays . "
Is thatreally awesome ?
I do n't know .
To me , awesome is hearing that Joe Kinnear is going to do a cover of All For One 's I Swear , but with his own effing lyrics ; awesome is waking up still drunk from the night before and thinking , I could do with a bag of crisps here , only to realise a split - second later that you fell asleep with your hand in a half - eaten bag of crisps ; awesome is being able to download a brand new hairline for £ 4.99 .
That 's awesome .
1 min Sunderland , in white , kick off from right to left .
2 min " It occurred to me that the Manchester United centre - back Nemanja Vidic has a surname comprised entirely of Roman numerals : VIDIC , " notes Damien Neva .
" Of course the syntax of the letters makes for an impossible number .
Nevertheless , what other footballers out there have names M , D , C , L , X , V , and I ?
My guess is none .
Bonus for any name that results in a possible number . "
3 min A very good start from Sunderland , who have had all the possession so far .
Reid 's free - kick from the left is headed over his own bar by the off - balance Evra , but the corner comes to nothing .
4 min " Yes but what does London have to offer ? " wonders Niall Harden .
" I 'm here for the first time in two years , and yesterday wandered down King 's Cross - thought I saw Barry Glendenning but to be honest it could 've been anyone - and chose a restaurant in Brick Lane because it had a five - year - old OBO printed out as a recommendation in the window .
Tonight my host is busy so suggestions for London evening fun would be gratefully received ! "
5 min This has been a fine start from Sunderland , who are still the more fluent and progressive side .
6 min " Sasa Ilic " says David Wall .
This , I 'm glad to relate , is not a random exclamation but an answer to Damien Neva 's second - minute question .
Thomas Lachlan also suggests the Bosnian Semir Cilic .
GOAL !
Manchester United 0 - 1 Sunderland ( Bent 7 ) This is fully deserved , and it's a terrific goal as well .
Cattermole , under no pressure , slid a pass into Darren Bent , who had his back to goal 25 yards out .
His first touch took him infield away from O'Shea , who had given him far too much room anyway , and with his second he rammed a superb low shot past Foster 's right hand and into the corner .
That 's a really good goal , not unlike one Kevin Phillips scored on this ground for Sunderland in 2002 , and a really well - timed one with Fabio Capello in the crowd .
8 min " We have a side bet ( next round ) on how soon it will be before you swoon over a superfluous Berbatov backheel , " says Kyle Karinen .
" I have 17 minutes or less .
Please do n't disappoint . "
He 'll have to touch the ball first .
10 min United have started to wake up a little after a truly diabolical start , and Turner uses his body to stop Welbeck getting a shot at goal .
13 min Sunderland are carrying a real menace on the counter , and Evans has to head Richardson 's cross clear .
While United have been poor , Sunderland 's start has been top - class , as much in their courage and intent as in their execution .
15 min Fletcher lumps a 50 - yard pass into touch .
United are dreadful .
17 min Nani is taken down by a brainless challenge from Richardson , 25 yards out and slightly right of centre .
Rooney whaps the free - kick into the wall .
From the follow up , Welbeck mistimes his heading motion as he runs to a good near - post cross from Rooney , and heads only fresh air as a consequence .
That was a decent chance .
18 min " Is it me or does Rooney and Bent have an attractive air of unpredictability about it for England ? " asks Tom Seavers .
" Always love to see international defenders play against English strikers they do n't normally meet in the annual Champions League merry - go - round . "
Yeah , it 's you .
I might just take Bent as a reserve impact sub for Defoe , but no more than that .
21 min Cana and Cattermole have an iron grip on midfield at the moment .
United can't get their passing game going at all .
23 min United have a couple of corners in quick succession , but the square root of eff all ensues .
24 min Scholes picks up his obligatory yellow card for a cynical trip on Bent .
He can have no complaints .
25 min Sunderland 's defence is very narrow , and that 's sensible because , for the first time maybe in decades , the wingers are the weakest areas of the United side .
Welbeck has n't really got in the game yet , and Nani is having a stinker .
27 min " Greetings from the Wanderers , " says Dileep Premachandran .
" From what I 'm reading , Cattermole is having a great game .
I wonder if Rafa Benitez is watching and wondering why he did n't try harder to sign him .
Having watched Lucas and Aurelio give Invisible - Men performances against Fiorentina , there 'll be a few who wonder how good an addition he might have been .
Not to mention that he 's English ! "
He has been extremely influential so far .
I bet he 's absolutely horrible to play against .
28 min A rasping daisy - cutter from Jones , 25 yards out , is saved by the plunging Foster .
29 min Kieran Richardson is booked for a cynical block on Welbeck , who attempted to spin off him for a return pass .
As with Scholes a few minutes earlier , he had no defence .
30 min " Fair enough Rob , " says Tom Seavers .
" But I 've always preferred Bent to Defoe .
Either way , come South Africa next summer I fear with either starting for England I may be weeping into a pint of dignity - reducer by the quarters - neither is international class . "
No , but Defoe might be an international - class substitute .
31 min Sunderland are still extremely comfortable .
The mother of all hairdryer sessions is just 14 minutes away .
32 min Nani and Welbeck have swapped flanks , but the fact that the players do n't trust Nani in particular is evident in the frequency with which they are going down the middle .
I 'll be amazed if Valencia does n't come on at half - time , even though he has hardly set the world alight so far .
Leaving Giggs out of the entire squad already looks like hubristic folly from Sir Alex Ferguson .
34 min Nani is brushed aside with contemptuous ease by Bardsley .
He is a complete disgrace .
That he is talented is not in doubt ; that he has not a solitary one how to turn that talent into results is also not in doubt .
35 min United should have had a penalty there .
Nani 's bouncing cross from the left hit the covering Reid , who was trying to chest it back to his keeper , high on the arm .
That looked a pretty clear penalty , but oddly the players did n't appeal .
I think Alan Wiley , in his defence , might have been blindsided .
37 min
The increasingly frustrated Rooney leaves a foot in on Reid , easing his studs down the back of Reid 's leg .
I 'm surprised he did n't get booked for that .
38 min " Is Fergie going to give himself a hairdryer for not even including Giggs on the bench ? " says Robert Hisnay .
" Next week is an international week , too . "
The fact they are so dependent on a man who is nearly 36 might be considered a problem by many .
But we should take nothing away from Sunderland , who have been very good indeed and fully deserve to be ahead .
39 min " Apathy , " says Yannis .
" Definition : an absence of emotion or enthusiasm or Berbatov without the football . "
This has n't been one of his better days .
In fact he 's been dire , but he has n't been served well from midfield .
Only Rooney has really chased the game .
Even Fletcher looks subdued .
It 's all a bit surreal .
42 min
That sums the half up : Scholes , the man with the highest pass - completion ratio in the league this season , plays a straightforward 10 - yard pass straight to Cana .
I 'm not sure I can remember United being quite so inept and uncertain at home since they were taken to the cleaners by QPR on New Year 's Day 1992 .
It truly has been that bad .
45 min " Can I be the first to point out that the Rumours page took the piss unmercifully out of Darren Bent before he was signed by the Cats ? " says Mike Ollier .
" Words like banjo and caw 's arse were freely used . "
45+1 min
There will be four decades of added time .
Half time : Manchester United 0 - 1 Sunderland
United are booed off after a diabolical first - half performance .
Darren Bent scored a fine goal and Sunderland protected their lead effortlessly .
Craig Gordon has n't made a save .
Sir Alex Ferguson has that look on his phizog , and I pity the fool who makes eye contact with him in the dressing room .
See you in 10 minutes .
Half - time emails
" I used to love Paul Scholes . .
Unfortunately , in recent times it's a bit like watching your favourite ' adult entertainment ' actress , as a consequence of the passage of time , appearing in ( even more ) dubious features ... " - Jim Burke .
" How many times have we seen Rooney leave his boot in late or take a swing of the elbow at a defender and see no card ?
Since it seems clear that the referee saw the kick , and he earlier booked Scholes for that late trip , how can he not book Rooney ?
Almost every week I 'm in awe of how many cheap shots Rooney can get in without getting a single card " - Michael Kelley .
" United may be top of the league , but this is by no means a title - winning squad .
There 's far too many players who are not going to be at the club in the long term , based on their performances this season , and I think it 's fair to say Nani wont be the last out the door .
I have n't been this frustrated with a player at OT since Barthez had that notable half - season wobble at the beginning of the century " - Andy Winn .
46 min Anderson has replaced Paul Scholes , and United kick off from right to left .
47 min A chance for United .
Ferdinand 's back header to Gordon fell short as both keeper and defender dithered ; Nani nipped in and his toepoke was saved by Gordon , who was about two centimetres away from Nani at the point of contact .
It came to Rooney on the edge of the box , and his shot was blocked by Turner .
GOAL !
Manchester United 1 - 1 Sunderland ( Berbatov 51 ) What a fine goal this is .
Moments after Rooney 's close - range shot is very well saved by Gordon , O'Shea curls in a long cross from right and Berbatov , 15 yards out and facing away from goal , hooks an acrobatic , curling volley across Gordon and into the corner .
That was beautifully placed .
It was n't as spectacular as it sounds – it was n't a full scissor - kick and it bounced on the way in – but it was truly masterful in its technical execution .
54 min United are all over Sunderland now , and Anderson is rightly penalised for a foul on Bardsley in the Sunderland box .
Sir Alex Ferguson is having a right go at Mike Dean , who absolutely is not a Liverpool fan .
I might be imagining it , but I suspect I saw an 'eff ' or 17 there , maybe even a ' youse ' .
56 min " Since Moscow ( and probably even before ) this United team have lacked the fluency they had after the first league win in this current run , " says Gerry Scott .
" They have kept winning and been good and even very good at times but it strikes me that if any of Chelsea , Liverpool or Arsenal got their act together then they could probably have taken the league last year .
The longer it goes on the more I think City might actually do something .
Certainly they are best placed to strengthen at Christmas . "
I agree completely .
I think City have a decent chance this year .
58 min Evra wins a corner on the left .
It 'll be taken by Nani , who has been very good since half time .
It goes all the way across the box to Rooney , who wins another corner off Ferdinand .
This time Rooney takes it , and Evans 's header is easily saved by Gordon .
GOAL !
Manchester United 1 - 2 Sunderland ( Jones 58 ) Another Ben Foster howler and Sunderland are back in front !
Reid played a couple of good one - twos , the second with Jones , and then stood up an inviting , angled cross to the far post .
Foster came out feebly and Jones was far too strong , knocking Foster over and bumping the ball into the empty net from six yards .
No question of a foul there .
To add to United 's misery , Fletcher was booked straight after the goal – he missed a lunge at Reid in the build - up , and the referee Alan Wiley played a good advantage
61 min
That goal was completely against the run of play , but it has rattled United and they have n't recovered the fluency they had before Jones 's goal .
63 min After a nice bit of interplay from United , Welbeck should probably have played Rooney through on goal .
But he just could n't find the angle for the pass around Turner , and instead swerved a good effort just past the angle of post and bar from 25 yards .
64 min Bardsley is booked for repeat offending .
65 min A fantastic effort from Rooney , who plays a one - two with Berbatov and takes the shot early from the right edge of the box , across Gordon and just wide of the far post .
66 min Berbatov makes a fool of Richardson on the right side of the box and then thrashes in a low cross with the outside of the right foot .
Welbeck meets it first on the six - yard line , but his shot is brilliantly blocked by the sliding defender , Turner I think .
69 min Nani 's sensational cross from the right – his delivery has been extremely good since half - time – just misses the head of Evans and is headed wide for a corner by Turner .
70 min Nani 's bobbling 25 - yarder is comfortably saved by the diving Gordon .
71 min United make their last two changes : Carrick and Valencia replace Fletcher and Welbeck , so Nani will switch to the left wing .
72 min Rooney 's vicious 25 - yarder is deflected wide by Ferdinand .
Berbatov , running away from goal , heads the corner over from six yards .
73 min Sunderland bring on the 19 - year - old Jordan Henderson for Andy Reid , who has had a very good game .
But they are leaving two up , which is admirable and unusual in the circumstances .
74 min
That was so nearly 3 - 1 . Henderson did brilliantly , skinning Evra and then Evans on the right and finding Bent in the area by the touchline .
He passed it back across the face of the six - yard box to Jones , who was about to apply the finish when the covering Carrick got the merest touch to take it away from him .
Without that touch Jones would surely have scored .
76 min Ferdinand is booked for kicking the ball away by the halfway line .
They 're a smart family , the Ferdinands .
77 min Ah , Sunderland have gone to 4 - 5 - 1. Bent ( left ) and Malbranque ( right ) are playing wide , with Henderson tucking in to make three in midfield .
And at the moment they look very comfortable .
81 min United can't put two passes together at the moment .
It 's extremely comfortable for Sunderland , and it has been for all bar the ten minutes either side of Berbatov 's goal .
Cattermole , Cana and particularly Turner have been immense .
83 min Anderson curves across goal and over the bar from the edge of the box .
Sunderland are bringing on another ex-United player , Fraizer Campbell , for Jones , who has cramp .
85 min : Richardson sent off
This is nonsense : Kieran Richardson kicks the ball away and gets a second yellow card .
Sunderland complain vehemently but there is no reason to do so .
That was just absolutely stupid .
86 min Sunderland bring on another left - back , George McCartney , for Steed Malbranque .
87 min United win their 10th corner , and it 's headed clear by the superb Turner .
88 min Rooney 's deep , inswinging cross from deep on the left is headed over by Vidic .
He was only four yards out , but he was beyond the far post and could n't get over the ball .
90 min
There will be a minimum of four minutes ' added time .
But the atmosphere is flat and there is no real sense that a goal is coming .
90+1 min Carrick lashes a bouncing ball wide from 25 yards .
GOAL !
Manchester United 2 - 2 Sunderland ( Ferdinand own goal 90 ) Unbelievable .
After a bit of pinball in the area , Evra 's dragged shot – which was going well wide of the far post – deflects in off Anton Ferdinand .
That is so , so cruel on Sunderland .
There is nothing to be said about the added time , by the way : that goal came after two minutes , so put any childish complaints back in their box , please .
90+4 min United win three consecutive corners on the left .
From the third , the ball breaks loose and Berbatov 's shot is brilliantly saved by Gordon !
What an incredible finish .
Full time : Manchester United 2 - 2 Sunderland
United get out of jail again , and you have to feel for an heroic and courageous Sunderland side : their dogs of wor , Cana and Cattermole , muzzled United , while Ferdinand and particularly Turner defended brilliantly .
United were desperately poor , but you have to admire the mental strength that got them yet another vital injury - time goal .
In the end , they might even have won it .
Thanks for your emails ; night .
At Gracenote we live and breathe music .
Our music recognition technology and metadata help hundreds of millions of music fans identify , discover and connect with the songs and artists they love every day .
Adelie penguins have survived in Antarctica for thousands of years and are invaluable for genetic research .
Penguins that died 44,000 years ago in Antarctica have provided extraordinary frozen DNA samples that challenge the accuracy of traditional genetic aging measurements , and suggest those approaches have been routinely underestimating the age of many specimens by 200 to 600 percent .
In other words , a biological specimen determined by traditional DNA testing to be 100,000 years old may actually be 200,000 to 600,000 years old , researchers suggest in a new report in Trends in Genetics , a professional journal .
The findings raise doubts about the accuracy of many evolutionary rates based on conventional types of genetic analysis .
" Some earlier work based on small amounts of DNA indicated this same problem , but now we have more conclusive evidence based on the study of almost an entire mitochondrial genome , " said Dee Denver , an evolutionary biologist with the Center for Genome Research and Biocomputing at Oregon State University .
" The observations in this report appear to be fundamental and should extend to most animal species , " he added .
" We believe that traditional DNA dating techniques are fundamentally flawed , and that the rates of evolution are in fact much faster than conventional technologies have led us to believe . "
The findings , researchers say , are primarily a challenge to the techniques used to determine the age of a sample by genetic analysis alone , rather than by other observations about fossils .
In particular , they may force a widespread re-examination of determinations about when one species split off from another , if that determination was based largely on genetic evidence .
For years , researchers have been using their understanding of the rates of genetic mutations in cells to help date ancient biological samples , and in what 's called " phylogenetic comparison , " used that information along with fossil evidence to determine the dates of fossils and the history of evolution .
The rates of molecular evolution " underpin much of modern evolutionary biology , " the researchers noted in their report .
" For the genetic analysis to be accurate , however , you must have the right molecular clock rate , " Denver said .
" We now think that many genetic changes were happening that conventional DNA analysis did not capture .
They were fairly easy to use and apply but also too indirect , and inaccurate as a result . "
This conclusion , researchers said , was forced by the study of many penguin bones that were well preserved by sub-freezing temperatures in Antarctica .
These penguins live in massive rookeries , have inhabited the same areas for thousands of years , and it was comparatively simple to identify bones of different ages just by digging deeper in areas where they died and their bones piled up .
For their study , the scientists used a range of mitochondrial DNA found in bones ranging from 250 years to about 44,000 years old .
" In a temperate zone when an animal dies and falls to the ground , their DNA might degrade within a year , " Denver said .
" In Antarctica the same remains are well - preserved for tens of thousands of years .
It 's a remarkable scientific resource . "
A precise study of this ancient DNA was compared to the known ages of the bones , and produced results that were far different than conventional analysis would have suggested .
Researchers also determined that different types of DNA sequences changed at different rates .
Aside from raising doubts about the accuracy of many specimens dated with conventional approaches , the study may give researchers tools to improve their future dating estimates , Denver said .
Source : Oregon State University ( news : web )
Explore further Tuatara , the fastest evolving animal
Photos 10 biggest CEO paychecks View photos
Including salary , bonuses , stock and options , these public company CEOs took home pay packages last year worth up to $ 104 million .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
New pay restrictions were unveiled Friday for hundreds of top employees at the nation 's biggest bailout recipients , representing the latest effort aimed at protecting taxpayers ' investment .
The ruling , issued by White House " pay czar " Kenneth Feinberg , will impact 75 out of the 100 highest - paid employees at four companies : Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) , automaker General Motors as well as GMAC .
The move , part of a broader effort by the Obama administration to protect the money American taxpayers poured into these companies earlier this year , would prevent employees at those firms from receiving base salaries of more than $ 500,000 .
At least half of that would have to come in the form of company stock , with the rest coming in cash .
" We want to minimize these runaway perks and other compensation practices , " Feinberg said during a briefing in Washington with the media .
Feinberg 's latest edict takes effect Friday and will not be retroactive .
That means , for example , that a banker who was on track to make a $ 1 million base salary this year would see his or her paycheck adjusted in the final three weeks of 2009 to reflect a salary $ 500,000 .
The guidelines , however , are expected to serve as the model for their pay next year as well .
Friday 's announcement marks the second time that Feinberg has weighed in on executive pay at the country 's biggest bailout firms .
In October , he cut pay packages for the top 25 executives at the seven companies that got federal bailout money more than once .
At the time , he slashed their total compensation in half , shrinking salaries by 90 % and transferring bonus payments into performance - based , longer - term stock options .
That review affected a total of 136 individuals .
This time around , approximately 450 workers will have their pay plans scrutinized .
Executives at Chrysler and its financing arm Chrysler Financial were exempt , however , since all of their employees are on track to earn $ 500,000 or less , which is the cut - off for Feinberg 's oversight .
' Cordial ' and ' constructive '
The companies that have been subjected to these pay curbs argue that the government compensation restrictions have already prompted some of their top employees to look for work elsewhere .
They also contend that pay caps will hinder their companies ' overall performance , making it difficult or impossible for them to pay back the billions of dollars in bailout funds .
Feinberg acknowledged Friday that those concerns were carefully considered in his latest review .
Nearly a dozen individuals " deemed to be very essential " will be granted paychecks of more than $ 500,000 .
Most of them will earn between $ 500,000 and $ 950,000 annually .
Only one individual will get over $ 1 million .
Feinberg would not reveal which companies these executives work for .
He was also quick to point out that discussions between his office and the companies ' top brass was much more " cordial " this time around , unlike his last review .
AIG chief executive Robert Benmosche for instance reportedly got so upset about the pay curbs announced in late October that he threatened to quit the company .
He later issued a statement saying he was " frustrated " with the government 's compensation ruling but remained committed to AIG .
" There 's been very little rancor , " Feinberg said Friday .
" I think there 's general acceptance the process has worked quite well "
A spokeswoman for GMAC , echoed those sentiments , noting in a statement that its work with Feinberg 's office was " constructive . "
She also added that the company was currently reviewing the details of the pay plans .
A Citigroup representative said the company planned to comply with new restrictions outlined Friday .
A spokesperson for AIG would not comment on Friday 's announcement , and calls to General Motors by CNN were not immediately returned .
Having an impact ?
As part of the latest installment of pay curbs , Feinberg revealed that his office would have the final say on the size of a company 's bonus pool as well as how it is allocated .
He stopped short of saying his office would determine how individuals were rewarded , adding that would be up to the company 's board of directors .
" We do not want to micromanage these companies , " he said in an interview with CNN's Ed Henry .
" That is not what this office is all about . "
Such restrictions may very well explain why large financial institutions have been so anxious to return bailout money to the government recently .
This week , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) got out from under the government 's thumb by repaying the full $ 45 billion in bailout money it received .
The company 's second - tier executives did not fall under Feinberg 's purview as a result .
Citigroup has also reportedly been angling to pay back the billions of dollars in taxpayer aid it accepted over the past year .
Feinberg suggested Friday that the Obama administration 's push to get compensation in line for this tiny group of companies was prompting changes elsewhere in corporate America .
On Thursday , Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) said the 30 executives who make up the firm 's management committee will not receive cash bonuses this year .
They also said shareholders would get an advisory vote on pay packages for its executives .
" That is precisely the type of impact that we at Treasury and the administration are hoping to have , " said Feinberg .
-- Ellis is a staff writer for CNNMoney.com .
Henry is CNN 's senior White House correspondent .
CNN's Mythili Rao and Ekin Middleton also contributed to this report .
I recently came across an ad on a BDSM - centric site where an individual indicated in the headline that he was looking for a “ daytime slave . ”
Hm .
I suppose this is either code for a “ discreet relationship ” or perhaps he has had issues with Vampire or Mogwai slaves and is trying to weed these individuals out .
The ad then went on to express his more specific desires , and he says , and I quote ,
Your submission level should be at least a level 5 minimum .
Um .
OK , so I posted this on Twitter and of course the geeks came out of the woodwork to snerk .
But then @phillyeboni rang a dim dusty bell about levels of submission .
A quick Google scan turned up that old gem , that has me rolling in my cubicle .
The following is n’t intended as a rigid classification .
It was written by Diane Vera and published in The Lesbian S/M Safety Manual , edited by Pat Califia , from Lace / Alyson Press , Boston , 1988 , reissued 1990 ( still in print ) .
Within the S/M subculture , different people use the words “ submissive and slave ” to mean many different things .
When submissives say “ I want to be your slave , ” sometimes they mean only that they want to be tied up and whipped .
Many professional dominants routinely refer to their ( usually _not_ very genuinely submissive clients ) as “ slaves . ”
At the other extreme , there are people who want to be full - time personal servants , and who truly want to exist solely for their Dom ( me ) ’s use , pleasure and convenience .
And there are many shades in between these two extremes .
1.THE OUTRIGHT NON - SUBMISSIVE MASOCHIST or KINKY SENSUALIST .
Not into servitude , humiliation or giving up control ; just pain and / or spiced - up sensuality , on the masochist ’s own terms and for the masochist ’s own direct pleasure ( i.e. turned on solely / mainly by one ’s own bodily sensatons rather than by being “ used ” to gratify one ’s partner ’s sadism ) .
2 . PSEUDO -SUBMISSIVE NON -SLAVE .
Not into even playing “ slave , ” but into other “ submissive ” role - playing , e.g. schoolteacher scenes , infantilism , “ forced ” transvestism .
Usually into humiliation , but NOT into servitude , even in play .
Dictates the scene to a large degree .
3 . PSEUDO - SUBMISSIVE PLAY SLAVE .
Likes to play at being a slave ; likes to feel subservient ; may in some cases like to feel one is being “ used ” to gratify partner ’s sadism ; may even really serve the dominant in some ways , but only on the “ slave ’s ” own terms .
Dictates the scene to a large degree ; often fetishistic ( e.g. foot worshippers ) .
4.TRUE SUBMISSIVE NON - SLAVE .
Really gives up control ( only temporarily and within agreed - upon limits ) , but gets her / his main satisfaction from aspects of submission other than serving or being used by the dominant .
Usually turned on by suspense , vulnerability , and / or giving up responsbility .
Does n’t dictate the scene except in very general terms , but still seek mainly her / his own direct / pleasure ( rather than getting one ’s pleasure mainly from pleasing the dominant ) .
5 .TRUE SUBMISSIVE PLAY SLAVE .
Really gives up control ( though only temporarily ; only during brief “ scenes ” and within limits ) and gets main satisfaction from serving / being used by dominant - but only for FUN purposes , usually erotic .
May / may not be into pain .
If so , is turned on by pain indirectly , i.e. enjoys being the object of one ’s partner ’s sadism , on which the submissive places very few requirements or restrictions .
6.UNCOMMITTED SHORT -TERM BUT MORE THAN PLAY SEMI - SLAVE .
Really gives up control ( usually within limits ) ; wants to serve and be used by the dominant ; wants to provide practical / non erotic as well as fun / erotic services ; but only when the “ slave ” is in the mood .
May even act as a full - time slave for , say , several days at a time , but is free to quit at any time ( or at the end of the agreed upon several days ) .
May or may not have long - term relationship with one ’s Mistress , but , either way , the “ slave ” has the final say over when she will serve .
7 .PART - TIME CONSENSUAL -BUT REAL SLAVE .
Has an ongoing commitment to an owner / slave relationship and regards oneself as the dominant ’s property at all times .
Wants to obey and please dom( me ) in all aspects of life - practical / non erotic and fun / erotic .
Devotes most of time to other commitments ( e.g. job ) but Dom ( me ) has first pick of the slave ’s free time .
8 . FULL - TIME LIVE IN CONSENSUAL SLAVE .
Within no more than a few broad limits / requirements , the slave regards herself / himself as existing solely for the Dom ( me ) ’s pleasure / well being .
Slave in turn expects to be regarded as a prized possession .
Not much different from the situation of the traditional housewife , except that within the S/M world the slave ’s position is more likely to be fully consensual , especially of the slave is male .
Within the S/M world , a full time “ slave ” arrangement is entered into with an explicit awareness of the magnitude carefully , with more awareness of the magnitude of power that is being given up , and hence is usually entered into much more carefully , with more awareness of the possible dangers , and with much clearer and more specific agreements than usually precede the traditional marriage .
9.CONSENSUAL TOTAL SLAVE WITH NO LIMITS .
A common fantasy ideal which probably does n’t exist in real life ( except in authoritarian religious cults and other situations where the “ consent ” is induced by brainwashing and / or social or economic pressures , and hence is n’t fully consensual ) .
A few S/M purists will insist that you are n’t really a slave unless you ’re willing to do absolutely anything for your Dom ( me ) , with no limits at all .
I ’ve met a few people who claimed to be no- limit slaves , but in all cases I have reason to doubt the claim .
Copyright 1984 and 1988 , Diane Vera
Yeah .
Funny thing is , a dozen or so years ago , I remember myself wistfully longing to be the Most Intensest slave I could possibly be , kneeling at the feet of some hot - n - sexy - Master type , awaiting his merest whim to find myself wet to the knees in the shadow of his dominance .
Then I walked into the the real world of BDSM and realized that it is just folks .
Is this still useful ?
Is it merely am amusing peek into some attempt to classify the unclassifiable ?
I do so much thinking about Leather , BDSM , D/S , M/S , etc , it ai n’t even funny .
But the idea of “ levels of submission ” goes back to and feeds the despicable one - upmanship that makes me batshit insane , and I can’t really get behind it .
And besides , where is the fucking “ Levels of Dominance ” chart ?!
Millionaire who fought off a knife - wielding burglar is jailed ( while the intruder is let off )
A millionaire businessman who fought back against a knife - wielding burglar was jailed for two - and - a - half years yesterday .
But his attacker has been spared prison .
Munir Hussain , 53 , and his family were tied up and told to lie on the floor by career criminal Waled Salem , who burst into his home with two other masked men .
Mr Hussain escaped and attacked Salem with a metal pole and a cricket bat .
But yesterday it was the businessman who was starting a prison sentence for his ' very violent revenge ' .
Munir Hussain , right , with his brother Tokeer , left , outside Reading Crown Court where he was jailed for attacking an intruder who had held his family hostage
Jailing him , Judge John Reddihough said some members of the public would think that 56 - year - old Salem ' deserved what happened to him ' and that Mr Hussain ' should not have been prosecuted ' .
But had he spared Mr Hussain jail , the judge said , the ' rule of law ' would collapse .
He said : ' If persons were permitted to take the law into their own hands and inflict their own instant and violent punishment on an apprehended offender rather than letting the criminal justice system take its course , then the rule of law and our system of criminal justice , which are hallmarks of a civilised society , would collapse . '
Salem , who has previous convictions , has already been given a non-custodial sentence despite carrying out what the judge called a ' serious and wicked ' attack .
Mr Hussain 's nightmare began on September 3 last year when he , his wife , 18 - year - old daughter and two sons aged 18 and 15 returned from their mosque during Ramadan to find three intruders in their home in High Wycombe , Buckinghamshire .
The Hussain family home in High Wycombe which was invaded by burglars
They were tied up and told to get on the floor if they did not want to be killed .
One of Mr Hussain 's sons managed to escape and alerted Mr Hussain 's younger brother Tokeer , 35 , who lived a few doors away .
Mr Hussain made a break for freedom by throwing a coffee table at his attackers .
He and Tokeer chased the gang and brought Salem to the ground in a front garden .
Reading Crown Court heard how Mr Hussain and his brother then beat Salem while he lay on the ground , using a cricket bat , a pole and a hockey stick - leaving him with a fractured skull and brain damage following the ' sustained ' attack .
What is the law on defending your home ?
If you use force which is ' not excessive ' against burglars then the law is on your side .
Last year 's Criminal Justice and Immigration Bill contained clauses to protect people from prosecution if they act instinctively and out of fear for their safety .
Justice Secretary Jack Straw said :
' Law - abiding citizens should not be put off tackling criminals by fear of excessive investigation .
' For a passer - by witnessing a street crime or a householder faced with a burglar , we are reassuring them that if they use force which is not excessive or disproportionate , the law really is behind them . '
Salem 's condition meant he was unable to enter a plea to false imprisonment .
He was given a non-custodial sentence - in October .
Salem , of Borehamwood , Hertfordshire , did not give evidence at Mr Hussain 's trial .
Michael Wolkind , QC , representing Mr Hussain , who runs a soundproofing company , said his client 's actions were ' taken in the agony of the moment ' and that his ' calm judgment was not available ' .
' If there was a call to arms it was down to the extreme moment of stress , ' he said .
Mr Wolkind said Mr Hussain , a devout Muslim , blamed himself for the attack and felt guilty for not protecting his family properly .
' It will take him a number of years to recover , ' he said .
The court also heard from psychiatrist Dr Phillip Joseph who said Mr Hussain was a calm person who kept himself in control , but that his body had chosen the ' fight rather than flight ' option .
During mitigation a number of letters from Daily Mail readers who had supported a campaign against the businessman 's conviction were read to the judge .
Jailed : Munir Hussain ( left ) was sentenced to 30 months and his brother Tokeer ( right ) received 39 months
The court heard that Mr Hussain 's wife Shahwen has had a mini stroke since the attack .
Judge Reddihough sentenced Munir Hussain to 30 months in jail for grievous bodily harm with intent .
Tokeer was given 39 months because the judge said he had not faced as much provocation as his brother .
The judge added : ' The prosecution rightly made it plain that there was no allegation against you , Munir Hussain , in respect of the force you used against Salem in defending your own home and family or of the force used by either of you in apprehending Salem .
' However , the attack which then occurred was totally unnecessary and amounted to a very violent revenge attack on a defenceless man .
' It may be that some members of the public or media commentators will assert that Salem deserved what happened to him , and that you should not have been prosecuted and need not be punished .
' The courts must make it clear that such conduct is criminal and unacceptable . '
Razi Shah , Mr Hussain 's solicitor , said his family were devastated but hoped the conviction could be overturned at appeal .
Last night an MP condemned the decision to jail Mr Hussain as ' perverse ' .
Philip Davies , Tory MP for Shipley , said : ' It 's absolutely disgraceful .
The public are sick to the back teeth of this kind of decision .
' Whatever the rights and wrongs , the starting point should be that this man 's home was violated .
He must have been absolutely petrified .
' A person who inflicts this kind of misery is free to go out and do it again somewhere .
It 's always the same , the real criminals get away scot free . '
The 2008 Criminal Justice and Immigration
Act sets out the terms on which people might ' use no more force than absolutely necessary ' against criminals .
Victims or those who intervene to stop a criminal have the backing of the law if they act instinctively , if they fear for their safety and act accordingly , if they act to prevent a criminal escaping , or if their use of force is neither ' excessive nor disproportionate ' .
The most productive programmers are orders of magnitude more productive than average programmers .
But salaries usually fall within a fairly small range in any company .
Even across the entire profession , salaries do n’t vary that much .
If some programmers are 10 x more productive than others , why are n’t they paid 10 x as much ?
Joel Spolsky gave a couple answers to this question in his most recent podcast .
First , programmer productivity varies tremendously across the profession , but it may not vary so much within a given company .
Someone who is 10 x more productive than his colleagues is likely to leave , either to work with other very talented programmers or to start his own business .
Second , extreme productivity may not be obvious .
This post elaborates on this second reason .
How can someone be 10 x more productive than his peers without being noticed ?
In some professions such a difference would be obvious .
A salesman who sells 10 x as much as his peers will be noticed , and compensated accordingly .
Sales are easy to measure , and some salesmen make orders of magnitude more money than others .
If a bricklayer were 10 x more productive than his peers this would be obvious too , but it does n’t happen : the best bricklayers cannot lay 10 x as much brick as average bricklayers .
Software output cannot be measured as easily as dollars or bricks .
The best programmers do not necessarily write 10 x as many lines of code and they certainly do not work 10 x longer hours .
Programmers are most effective when they avoid writing code .
They may realize the problem they ’re being asked to solve does n’t need to be solved , that the client does n’t actually want what they ’re asking for .
They may know where to find reusable or re-editable code that solves their problem .
They may cheat .
But just when they are being their most productive , nobody says “ Wow !
You were just 100 x more productive than if you ’d done this the hard way .
You deserve a raise . ”
At best they say “ Good idea ! ” and go on .
It may take a while to realize that someone routinely comes up with such time - saving insights .
Or to put it negatively , it may take a long time to realize that others are programming with sound and fury but producing nothing .
The romantic image of an über - programmer is someone who fires up Emacs , types like a machine gun , and delivers a flawless final product from scratch .
A more accurate image would be someone who stares quietly into space for a few minutes and then says “ Hmm .
I think I ’ve seen something like this before . ”
More programming posts
DID YOU KNOW ?
Theres a better way to tell if an avocado is ripe
You can tell if your avocado is ripe by peeling back the small stem or cap at the top of the avocado .
If it comes away easily and you find green underneath , you ’ve got a good avocado that ’s ripe and ready to eat .
BUCHAREST -- Romanian voters on Sunday will try to end a two - month political vacuum that has blocked economic changes and postponed an international aid program .
Center - right President Traian Basescu , a blunt - talking former ship captain , lost his lead in the polls this week after a spate of political gaffes and a dispute over a video .
His challenger , Social Democratic Party candidate Mircea Geoana , is a former foreign minister and ambassador to Washington .
" A...
1
Do n’t go to the mall with friends .
Go alone , and make it a business trip .
Know exactly what you want before you go to the store , buy it , and leave the premises immediately .
Use a 30 - day list .
If you decide you really want to buy something , put it on a list .
Now tell yourself you cannot buy that item for 30 days .
When the 30 days have passed , if you still want the item , go to the store and buy it .
This waiting period can help you determine whether or not you really want or need the item .
Stop thinking of the mall as an entertainment venue .
The problem with figuring the mall as an entertainment venue is that the place is shot through with the ideology of materialism .
Everything there is for sale .
Store owners will do almost anything to get you to buy .
And advertising is everywhere .
If you define yourself as a “ mall shopper , ” pretty soon you will feel like you have n’t done your duty unless you leave the place with a bag full of stuff you do n’t need .
That ’s when they have you !
A second man has been arrested in the attempt to set fire to the Gay Pride flag at the Memphis Gay and Lesbian Community Center on Wednesday .
Police arrested one suspect , Ross Burton , at the scene , after a physical struggle with an officer .
The AP reports : " Police arrested the second suspect Thursday .
He is Wesley Huggins .
Burton is charged with assault and vandalism .
Huggins is charged with
vandalism , assault and setting fire to personal property . "
The Memphis Flyer reports that Burton is a member of the Memphis - based 164th airlift wing of the Tennessee Air National Guard .
According to WMCTV , Huggins might be as well .
Ben Bernanke is taking no chances .
With his confirmation hearing for continuation as chairman of the Federal Reserve System only days away , he has written an op - ed for publication in Sunday ’s Washington Post .
We may interpret this article as a preemptive attack on his congressional critics , some of whom will no doubt take the opportunity afforded by next Thursday ’s hearing to attack his management of the Fed and , indeed , the Fed itself .
Monetary - policy propaganda is a high art , and lay readers of Bernanke ’s article may well be taken in by its artful formulation .
Therefore , as a public service , I offer the following brief commentary , interweaved with CNN ’s Saturday report on Bernanke ’s Sunday op -ed .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) — Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , just days ahead of his confirmation hearing , is warning Congress that actions limiting the central bank ’s independence could prove detrimental to the causes of financial reform and economic recovery .
Such a warning seizes the high ground by creating the presumption that Bernanke and the present Fed have proved themselves to be beneficial to the causes of financial reform and economic recovery .
In the circumstances , that ’s a highly questionable presumption .
Some of us are inclined to believe that , all in all , the Fed and its glorious leaders , especially Alan Greenspan and Ben Bernanke , got us into our present troubles in the first place and that they have done nothing wise of late to repair the damage they brought on us , acting instead to create enormous risks for our future well - being and , in particular , great risks for the future purchasing power of the U.S. dollar .
In an op - ed piece to be published in Sunday ’s Washington Post , Bernanke criticizes two moves aimed at limiting the Fed — a proposal in the Senate to strip the central bank of its bank regulatory powers and a House Financial Services Committee vote to audit monetary policy deliberations and actions .
“ These measures are very much out of step with the global consensus on the appropriate role of central banks , and they would seriously impair the prospects for economic and financial stability in the United States , ” Bernanke wrote .
I suppose he is referring to the same sort of consensus that Al Gore likes to cite in regard to global warming .
We know now , better than ever , that such consensus may well be manufactured by interested parties .
I wonder , for example , whether anyone has ever checked to see how many monetary economists have previously enjoyed a grant , a salary , or some other perk from the Fed , or currently do so , or reasonably expect to do so someday .
And about this “ economic and financial stability in the United States ” that a Fed audit would threaten :
Is Bernanke thinking about the stability we enjoyed between the world wars , when the Fed managed to bring about the onset on what proved to be the greatest depression in world history ( an accomplishment for which he has previously accepted responsibility on behalf of the Fed ) ?
Or perhaps he is thinking instead about the stability we enjoyed since 2001 , when the Fed pushed the Fed funds rate quickly from 6.5 percent to 1 percent , held it at a negative real rate for several years , then pushed it up quickly to 5.25 percent in 2006 - 2007 , then shoved it down quickly to almost zero in the past year ?
Zounds .
It would certainly be tragic if the American people had to give up such remarkable stability .
Or perhaps he is thinking about the fact that before the Fed was created , the dollar had retained its purchasing power more or less constant for more than a century , except for transitory war - related ups and downs , but since the Fed ’s creation , the dollar has lost more than 95 percent of its purchasing power .
Who calls this degree of debasement stability ?
Yes , it ’s more stable than Zimbabwe ’s currency .
Bravo , Fed : you ’ve yet to generate hyperinflation .
But you may still do so before the present mess is completely washed away .
Let ’s get serious .
If the Fed is known for anything historically , it is for first pushing the monetary accelerator to the floor , then stomping on the monetary brake .
To praise this outfit for its contribution to financial and economic stability is akin to praising Josef Stalin for his commitment to human rights .
Bernanke says the congressional moves are a byproduct of the public frustration over the financial crisis and the government ’s response , especially the bailout of large banks .
( Fed rage boils on Capitol Hill )
Odd that people would be upset , eh ?
Just because many of us have had our dreams of retirement destroyed and our very survival menaced by these monetary rulers of the universe .
We need to take a more balanced view : even if you and I have been nearly wiped out , the kingpins at Goldman Sachs and Bank of America are doing very well .
People who bought credit default swaps from AIG got their money , did n’t they ( actually our money , but that ’s only a detail ) ?
So all in all , the country is in pretty good shape , on the average .
“ The government ’s actions to avoid financial collapse last fall — as distasteful and unfair as some undoubtedly were — were unfortunately necessary to prevent a global economic catastrophe that could have rivaled the Great Depression in length and severity , with profound consequences for our economy and society , ” he wrote .
Yes , it is distasteful when we little folks have to take a financial beating so that the rich and well - connected can flourish ; we do tend to get a bitter taste in our mouths .
But , then , we certainly do n’t want another Great Depression , do we ?
But wait a minute .
How does Bernanke know that if , say , the government and the Fed had not taken the slew of outrageous measures they have taken in the past fifteen months , another Great Depression would have occurred ?
I have a Ph.D. in economics , same as Bernanke , and I ’ve been a professional economic historian of the United States for more than forty years , and I do n’t know this thing he claims to know .
Does he have a pipeline to God ?
( A more reasonable hypothesis is that he is God ’s agent on earth , put here to punish us for our sins . )
This constant reference to an impending Great Depression makes for excellent politics of fear , but where ’s the theoretical and historical meat ?
My best guess is that had the government refrained from all of its extraordinary interventions of the past year or so , the worst of the adjustments would already have been made , and a genuine recovery would now be in progress .
Instead , thanks to Bernanke and Co. , we may never see a flourishing economy in this country again .
Argentina and other countries have been ruined by a great deal less meddling .
But the Fed chairman says that , while reforms are needed , “ we should be seeking to preserve , not degrade , the institution ’s ability to foster financial stability and to promote economic recovery without inflation . ”
Ditto my earlier comments on stability .
Among the ideas he supports is development of a special bankruptcy procedure for firms “ whose disorderly failure would threaten the integrity of the financial system — to ensure that ad hoc interventions of the type we were forced to use last fall never happen again . ”
Note the language : “ Interventions of the type we were forced to use last fall . ”
Two questions : who is this “ we , ” and who “ forced ” these actors to do what they did ?
From my perspective , these actions look like the work of a handful of people with very close connections to the titans of Wall Street who had got their asses in a wringer by making foolish bets – well , in retrospect , not foolish , perhaps , making due allowance for the “ Greenspan put , ” which allowed them to assume ( correctly , it turns out ) that if they got their asses in a wringer , the Fed ( and , in a really bad situation , the Treasury ) would bail them out and , all things considered , they would still come waltzing out of the devastation ( for other people ) smelling of roses .
Bernanke ’s column comes ahead of a Senate Banking Committee hearing , scheduled for Thursday , considering his nomination for a second term as Fed chairman .
President Obama announced the nomination in August .
The last sentence of his commentary is likely to be the theme he and his supporters will stress during the hearing .
“ Now more than ever , America needs a strong , nonpolitical and independent central bank with the tools to promote financial stability and to help steer our economy to recovery without inflation , ” Bernanke wrote .
Strong , yes .
Nonpolitical – do n’t make me laugh myself to death !
Independent ?
Of you and me , to be sure , but not independent of Goldman , B of A , JPMorgan Chase , and the other old boys up there in the big city .
This unholy alliance wants us to lie back and take the punishment they dish out when their salvation requires our sacrifice .
If the congress members at the hearing on Thursday have any sense and backbone , they will not take this crap lying down .
But that ’s a mighty big if .
There will be much number - crunching tomorrow , but preliminary numbers ( at least in Virginia ) show that GOP turnout remained the same as last year , but Democratic turnout collapsed .
This is a base problem , and this is what Democrats better take from tonight :
If you abandon Democratic principles in a bid for unnecessary " bipartisanship " , you will lose votes .
If you water down reform in favor of Blue Dogs and their corporate benefactors , you will lose votes .
If you forget why you were elected -- health care , financial services , energy policy and immigration reform -- you will lose votes .
Tonight proved conclusively that we 're not going to turn out just because you have a ( D ) next to your name , or because Obama tells us to .
We 'll turn out if we feel it 's worth our time and effort to vote , and we 'll work hard to make sure others turn out if you inspire us with bold and decisive action .
The choice is yours .
Give us a reason to vote for you , or we sit home .
And you are n't going to make up the margins with conservative voters .
They already know exactly who they 're voting for , and it ai n't you .
Science Photo Library
AS THE world 's fatties clock up the kilos , their excuses for being that way have piled up , too .
Big bones , junk foods , genes or poor parenting — there are plenty of directions in which to point a chubby finger .
In the past few years , a new potential culprit has emerged : gut bacteria .
Human guts are full of bugs that help digestion and also stop their disease - causing counterparts from invading .
In this age - old symbiosis , some bacteria are better than others at providing food to their human hosts — and also seem , by mechanisms yet unknown , to encourage those hosts ' bodies to store that energy as fat and to keep the fat on .
In the past , when food was in limited supply , these bacteria would have been valuable allies .
In an era of plenty , though , they are problematic .
In particular , work on mice suggests obesity is associated with having a high proportion of bacteria called Firmicutes , whereas the lean favour another group , the Bacteroidetes .
Such work has also raised the suggestion that transplanting “ lean mouse ” microbes to fat mice can make them thinner — for a while .
What is true in the mouse , though , might not be true in the man , so more research is clearly needed .
But finding volunteers willing to have someone else 's bacteria transplanted into their own intestines is tricky .
So , in a paper in this week 's Science Translational Medicine , Peter Turnbaugh of the Washington University School of Medicine , in St Louis , and his colleagues , describe a halfway house .
They have created a mouse with a humanised gut flora .
They did it by taking ten - week - old mice that had been bred to be free of germs and colonising their guts by feeding them with human faeces .
( Note to the squeamish : the article adds that mice are coprophagic . )
After this , the mice could be tested on various kinds of diets to see how the bacteria responded .
These studies show similar sorts of outcomes to those previously seen with native mouse bacteria , including the increased obesity associated with Firmicutes .
The point of it all is to allow more precise investigation of how human gut bacteria work .
Such studies will also , no doubt , give rise to an industry testing new classes of “ probiotics ” that can be added to food in order to ameliorate its obesity - inducing effects .
In other words , to sell special drinks that may make fat people less likely to pile on the pounds after eating a hamburger and fries .
555 KUBIK is a large screen projection done on a building in Germany .
The projected images build upon the square grid already present on the building to make the building appear to morph and reveal its inner structures .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
There are several medical practitioners and scientists who openly question invading viruses as disease causing agents .
Instead , they advocate a healthy internal terrain for good health and resistance to microbes .
The only reason hardly anyone knows about them and what they have to say is that they are not on board with Big Pharma and the Medical Monopoly , which includes the mainstream media .
Questionable virus killing drugs and vaccines appeal to a frightened public more than boosting their immune systems naturally or using natural cures .
So the medical monopolists have easy cash cows with their drugs and vaccines .
Viruses are smaller than bacteria and usually are only detected with electron microscopes .
They are not living cells that multiply by division and invade cells .
Instead , they exist within cells and depend on the cell 's metabolism to multiply .
They are protein packages with varying DNA or RNA sequencing .
The genius Royal Raymond Rife created the Universal Microscope , which could amplify real light and magnify sufficiently to observe " live " viruses .
Then he created a system of radio wave frequencies to destroy viruses .
He cured incurable cancers at a high rate in the late 1930's and early 1940's .
His Universal Microscope was better than electron microscopes .
His work was destroyed by the Medical Monopolists , and his legacy survives only in an international medical science subculture .
https://www.naturalnews.com/027104_cancer_Chi...
Even though Rife was brilliant enough to see and zap viruses and other microbes , he supported the inner terrain theory that many holistic practitioners embrace today .
He had observed cancer viruses morphing shapes into more pathogenic forms as the host 's pH dropped .
Dr. Mark Circus gives the analogy of food in a refrigerator .
Unplug the fridge and leave the food there for several days .
All kinds of things begin occurring to create spoilage .
The bugs did n't crawl in .
The door remained closed .
They were already there to some extent and then the terrain changed with cold air changing to warm , like pH becoming more acid in humans .
Then the bugs take over .
So the immune system with that easy to read indicator , pH , determines whether viruses already existing to some extent can prosper .
Dr. Circus administers bicarbonate of soda orally or intravenously to increase pH numbers above 7 and into the alkaline range .
And he gets cures .
Dr. Michael Tierra has cured several Hepatitis C cases by restoring liver health without using antiviral drugs .
He cites Chiron 's Hep - C testing procedure as a big money maker because it was used for testing blood supplies world wide .
But he points out the viral load measurements are taken by an antibody count , not a virus count .
No virus has actually been isolated for Hepatitis C. High viral loads test positive with those who do n't show Hep - C symptoms and exhibit good health .
Ironically , the scientist celebrated for isolating certain cancer retroviruses ( remember , Rife 's work vanished ) is outspokenly enough against HIV as a virus to have written the book .
His name is Peter Duesberg .
He maintains that a virus cannot cause immune deficiency .
His epidemiological research shows a lack of infectious contagion .
Could it be there is some disinformation coming from somewhere ?
Dr. Sircus commentaryDr. Tierre commentaryPeter DuesbergPaul Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom .
You can visit his blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
Year Spending 1946 $ 556.9 1947 52.4 1948 103.9 1949 144.2 1950 141.2 1951 224.3 1952 402.1 1953 442.3 1954 420.9 1955 376.9 1956 356.2 1957 $ 360.9 1958 352.9 1959 352.5 1960 344.3 1961 344.0 1962 363.4 1963 368.0 1964 364.4 1965 333.1 1966 356.2 1967 412.0 1968 $ 449.3 1969 438.1 1970 406.3 1971 370.6 1972 343.8 1973 313.3 1974 299.7 1975 293.3 1976 283.8 1977 286.2 1978 286.5 1979 $ 295.6 1980 303.4 1981 317.4 1982 339.4 1983 366.7 1984 381.7 1985 405.4 1986 426.6 1987 427.9 1988 426.4 1989 427.7 1990 $ 409.7 1991 358.1 1992 379.5 1993 358.6 1994 338.6 1995 321.6 1996 307.4 1997 305.3 1998 296.7 1999 298.4 2000 311.7 2001 $ 307.8 2002 328.7 2003 404.91 2004 455.91 2005 495.31,2 2006 535.91,2 2007 527.41,2 2008 494.41,2 2009 494.31,2
1. Figures do not include expenses for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars .
2. Figures based on requested defense budget or projections , not actual spending .
Source : Center for Defense Information .
See also Largest Military Expenditures ( World ) .
Truth , Love , and Newness of Life Why Muslims become Christians
For some of these brothers and sisters it is important that the area where they live now , or where they originally come from , is not too closely identified to ensure either their own safety or that of their families .
Others do not have as great safety concerns and a country name is given .
Many of these believers from Muslim background are " online " and welcome your response .
Those with email are listed first in each category .
A * after the name means the testimony is available in several languages , usually English and the native language of the convert .
Most of the testimonies were written by former orthodox and practicing Muslims , some came from a nominal or sectarian Muslim background .
Some necessary comments on copyright , use and abuse of these testimonies .
Testimonies on other web sites :
Many Muslims have a hard time accepting the fact that there are converts from Islam to Christianity .
The common reaction is that these testimonies are all fake .
Here a selection of those attacks and some answers : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 , 17 , 18 , ... but at least one Muslim knows better and speaks up : 1 , 2
Dear brothers and sisters from Muslim background , there are many of you , I know this .
I hope the above articles will show more of you the necessity to speak up and let the Muslims know of the fact that it is not so uncommon for Muslims to find to the truth of God in Jesus our Savior and Lord , and the reason for your new faith .
Miscellaneous important and / or interesting conversion reports
Christians who are claimed to be Muslims :
Raghib " Rocket " Ismail and also his brothers Quadry and Sulaiman
Falsly claimed conversions to Islam
" Buying converts " is an Islamic practice that is not often spoken about :
Some non-converts explain why they are Christian rather than Muslim :
Related Topics
As a new Christian you need to know about some issues how to live your new life .
Churches and ministries :
If you yourself are a former Muslim , I would love to hear from you .
And that not only if you would like to contribute your testimony with or without an invitation to correspond with you .
Please contact me .
Other testimonies sites :
Challenging : Philosophers Who Believe : The Spiritual Journeys of 11 Leading Thinkers
( Does there exist a comparable Muslim book ?
Let me know , I want to read it .
A similar title is Professors Who Believe . )
Testimonies published in books :
William McElwee Miller , Ten Muslims Meet Christ , Eerdmans , 1969 , 1987 , 150 pages , ISBN 0-8028 -1304 - 6 , tells the stories of ten Iranian converts .
, Eerdmans , 1969 , 1987 , 150 pages , ISBN 0-8028 -1304 - 6 , tells the stories of ten Iranian converts .
More to be Desired than Gold , True Stories Told by Christy Wilson , Gordon - Conwell Theological Seminary , ISBN 0-9640910 -1-1 , with several dozens of short testimonies , many from Afghanistan , 180 pages .
, True Stories Told by Christy Wilson , Gordon - Conwell Theological Seminary , ISBN 0-9640910 - 1-1 , with several dozens of short testimonies , many from Afghanistan , 180 pages .
JESUS - more than a prophet , Edited by RWF Wootton , Inter - Varsity Press , England & Send The Light ( Operation Mobilization ) , 1982 , reprinted 1984 , contains 15 testimonies .
, Edited by RWF Wootton , Inter - Varsity Press , England & Send The Light ( Operation Mobilization ) , 1982 , reprinted 1984 , contains 15 testimonies .
Mark Hanna , The True Path : Seven Muslims Make Their Greatest Discovery , International Doorways Publishers , 1975
, International Doorways Publishers , 1975 Jean - Marie Gaudeul , Called from Islam to Christ , 320 pages , Monarch Publications 1999 , ISBN : 1-85424-427-2
Answering Islam Home Page
Early termination fees have always represented the flipside of subsidized pricing -- the necessary evil that keeps free phones free .
Thing is , they were tough enough to swallow at $ 175 or $ 200 , but Verizon 's recently gone for the jugular in a hell - bent effort to keep subscribers locked in by upping the fee on vaguely - defined " advanced devices " ( read : any phone a power user would ever want ) all the way up to a mind - bending $ 350 .
Turns out the FCC is as confused and worked up as everyone else , though , having fired off a 4 - page communique to Verizon 's veep of legal and external affairs today asking how customers are notified of the new ETF , how the prorating formula is calculated ( hint : they do n't like that you still pay $ 120 after 23 months of a 24 - month contract ) , and how an " advanced device " comes to be , among other things .
Riding on the letter are a few extra questions about inadvertent mobile web charges for customers that are n't signed up for a data plan , totaling nine paragraph - long queries that the feds want answered by December 17 .
Your move , Verizon .
[ Thanks , Daniel P. ]
Fur Effects - Teddies , Cats , Hair ....
by bkenwright@xbdev.net
H ave you ever watched Monsters Inc ?
Or other movies like Shrek ?
Or possibly played a computer game on your xbox where the hero character has realistic looking fur , and wondered just how you could do that ?
I bet you thought it was really really hard .
I mean when I think back , I used to have ideas of modelling a single hair then multiplying it by a few thousand times !.. which would take one large amount of processing ... definitely not possible for games or for simple cool effects :)
One particular technique of creating good looking fur without killing yourself with maths and algorithms and weeks of processing time , is to use shell texturing !
Remember those words , " Shell Texturing " .
As there 's lots of information on generating Fur or Hair using shell texturing .
Sometimes mixed in with the subject of volume shadowing and volume effects in 3D !
The effect once you 've grasped it !... which of course you should have once you 've read my extremely informative and simplified tutorial allow you to expand into other areas , such as fields of grass , hair on a head , trees in a forest , or other things .
Now this is not one of those easy tutorials that you can swish through , well I could n't .... so your going to have to stock up on coffee to get through this puppy !
Lots of basic principles which are really simple and you 'll kick yourself for not thinking of them earlier , and then there 's a few ideas which are messy to implement ... easy in theory ... but the code is a bit complicated to see how it 's doing it .
Feedback is always welcome on this .... sort of a trial and error thing for me ... reading articles and testing out new ideas that come to me while watching tv :)
There 's all sorts of things going on with fur !
But it 's well worth the trouble .
I 've supplied all my code , with different levels of complexity and ways of doing things , so you can look through it and see how the basics work , or to add more advanced things in , light inter - fur lighting or fur gravity / forces etc .
Well it 's going to be a late night for me ...
I 've taken a few screenshots of the various steps of the code so you can look at how the fur looks on different objects .
Lets have a look at the basic idea of layers and textures .
I mean , what do these layers look like close up ?
What will we get ?
Well below is a few diagrams showing the basic idea of how we use textured layers to create a fur / hair effect .
Now the secret to how this works is by using the Alpha value !
As we render each layer we only see the values which have an alpha value greater than 0 .
So for we scatter the surface with noise dots , and make them some colour and also set their alpha value to 1 .
For all the rest of the texture we wo n't see , so we just set its alpha to 0 .
We then have a single noise texture , which if we wanted could be used to generate a very basic fur model !
We do this by multiplying the surface normal by the texture , so if we have 5 layers , we would render the texture 5 times on our model , each time extruding our texture surface out using the surface normal .
Increasing the number of layers creates finer and finer hairs .
To show this in action I did simple Shader / DirectX demo just to make sure you 've got this simple principle of layers !
Even though the code uses vertex and pixel shaders to produce the fur effect , it is possible to create fur effects without shaders , it just means that you have to perform the additional vertex processing within your program without passing it along to the graphics card .
If you understand the principles of how the fur is generated it should n't be to complicated to produce a non -shader fur demo .
I put together a simple demo - a simple main.cpp and a fur.fx file which uses a single texture to generate a fur / hair effect which you can play with - adjusting the number of layers , fur length , density , bias the tips with force effects and zoom in etc ...
A screenshot on the right shows the code running .
The top left hand corner of the screen is used to show the texture - nothing much as you can see - just a plain texture with noise blobs plotted across the surface .
Of course all the surface except the blobs of noise has an alpha value of 0 , so its see through .
The demo with practically no effort at all could be expanded to produce a field of grass swaying in the wind !
Wow eh ?
And it does n't use that much computational power - so you could create a massive field of grass , that looks almost picture perfect in your game and would n't cost you an arm and leg in cpu / gpu power .
This is still only a simple model , it 's at its bare basics here - as we 've not added varying density so that the fur is thicker or thinner as it approaches the tips , also spikes ... the hairs are the same thickness all the way up , we can fix that .
Then of course there 's adding in textures , so our hair is the same colour as our textured surface .
And of course there 's lighting !
The simple demo uses basic diffuse ( directional ) lighting model ... only a few extra lines ... which of course you can comment out and see it with and without - but it doen 'st really show the hair shadows .
We can add this later by using UV offsets for each layer to create a per hair lighting , sweet stuff eh! Download Source Code ( 11 kb ) Lets take a look at what the main parts of code look like , and see if I can explain whats happening .
Below shows the HLSL ( High Level Shader Language )
Shader which is used to produce the fur effect .
We call the shader for each fur layer , and pass it along a parameter FurLength , which is used to determine which layer where at .
The single line of code which is most important in the code is : float3 P = IN.position.xyz + ( IN.normal * FurLength ) ;
Where we have our IN. position .
xyz input vertice information , and of course IN. normal which is the vertice normal and finally FurLength which is a value from 0 to some max length .
So for example , when FurLength is 0 , our output vertice data is just the object surface .
Then we increment FurLength by some amount for the next layer , e.g. to 1.0 , then our next value for P is projected out by some amount producing the next shell or layer ... then we increment our layer again and FurLength increases again and we render another shell / layer ... eventually producing a fur effect .
File : fur.fx /*****************************************************************************/
/* */ /* File : fur.fx */ /* www.xbdev.net */ /* */ /*****************************************************************************/ /*
Verty basic fur / hair demo showing how to generate realistic looking fur / hair using Shaders and DirectX .
*/ /*****************************************************************************/ float FurLength = 0 ; float UVScale = 1.0f ; float Layer = 0 ; // 0 to 1 for the level float3 vGravity = float3 ( 0, - 2.0,0 ) ; float4 vecLightDir = float 4( 0.8,0.8,1,0 ) ; //------------------------------------ texture FurTexture ; sampler TextureSampler = sampler_state ; //------------------------------------ // transformations float4x4 worldViewProj : WORLDVIEWPROJ ; float4x4 matWorld : WORLD ; //------------------------------------
struct vertexInput { float3 position : POSITION ; float3 normal : NORMAL ; float4 texCoordDiffuse : TEXCOORD0 ; } ; struct vertexOutput { float4 HPOS : POSITION ; float4 T0 : TEXCOORD0 ; // fur alpha float3 normal : TEXCOORD1 ; } ; //------------------------------------ ( vs 1.1 ) vertexOutput VS_TransformAndTexture(vertexInput IN ) { vertexOutput OUT = ( vertexOutput ) 0 ; //** MAIN LINE ** MAIN LINE ** MAIN LINE ** MAIN LINE ** MAIN LINE **// //** MAIN LINE ** MAIN LINE ** MAIN LINE ** MAIN LINE ** MAIN LINE **// // This single line is responsible for creating the layers !
This is it !
Nothing // more nothing less !
float3 P = IN.position.xyz + ( IN.normal * FurLength ) ; // Modify our normal so it faces the correct direction for lighting if we // want any lighting float3 normal = normalize ( mul ( IN.normal , matWorld ) ) ; //
Couple of lines to give a swaying effect ! // Additional Gravit / Force Code vGravity = mul( vGravity , matWorld ) ; float k = pow ( Layer , 3 ) ; //
We use the pow function , so that only the tips of the hairs bend //
As layer goes from 0 to 1 , so by using pow ( ..) function is still // goes form 0 to 1 , but it increases faster !
exponentially P = P + vGravity*k ; // End Gravity Force Addit Code OUT.T0 = IN.texCoordDiffuse * UVScale ; //
Pass long texture data // UVScale ??
Well we scale the fur texture alpha coords so this effects the fur thickness // thinness , sort of stretches or shrinks the fur over the object !
OUT .HPOS = mul( float4 ( P , 1.0f ) , worldViewProj ) ; // Output Vertice Position Data OUT.normal = normal ; // Output Normal return OUT ; } //----------------------------------- ( ps 1.3 ) float4 PS_Textured ( vertexOutput IN ) : COLOR { float4 FurColour = tex2D ( TextureSampler , IN.T0 ) ; // Fur Texture - alpha is VERY IMPORTANT !
float4 FinalColour = FurColour ; //-------------------------- //Basic Directional Lighting float4 ambient = { 0.3 , 0.3 , 0.3 , 0.0} ; ambient = ambient * FinalColour ; float4 diffuse = FinalColour ; FinalColour = ambient + diffuse * dot(vecLightDir , IN.normal ) ; // End Basic Lighting Code //-------------------------- FinalColour.a = FurColour.a ; //return FinalColour ; // fur colour only !
return FinalColour ; //
Use texture colour // return float4( 0,0,0,0 ) ; //
Use for totally invisible !
Ca n't see }
The code should work with even the simplest shaders - and will run with vertex shaders vs1.1 and ps1.3 - but with later shader versions , you can implement loops within the script where by you can move all the fur details to the effect file .
Producing multiple fur textures for the different layers ( Organising our Code , Fur Class )
To take our code to the next level , we create a XFurTexture ( .. ) class which will be responsible for generating our textures !
I say texture 's ' , as for the next stage we 'll use multiple textures for our fur , a different texture for each layer .
We can of course use the same texture for each layer ... for example we could have 20 textures , but spead them across 60 layers for find detail .
But we still have multiple textures .
This allows us to create even more stunning and realistic fur / hair .
With the exception of putting the fur class all the other parts of the code are more or less the same .
Download Source Code ( 15 kb )
By adding multiple textures - a different texture for each layer we can create more realistic looking fur / hair .
This is done by modifying the density across the layers , so that as we approach the tips we have less and less hair , while at the base we have more .
We can achieve this by understanding how the srand ( ) random function works , and using it to generate the various random noise textures for each layer .
As if you set the seed value for srand ( ) , we know that each time we call srand ( ) it will produce the same random values .
So for each layer , we set the seed value , then call srand ( ) for a certain density , so for example we would generate 1000 random pixel points on our base surface , but at the top layer where the tips of our fur are , we would only plot 100 pixels .
I say that we must set the seed value the same for each time we generate our fur texture layers , so that our hairs form single hairs from base to tip !
To show how the number of layers effects our output , I did a few screenshots of a simple pyramid with various numbers of layers , ranging from 2 to 60 skins .
The more layers you have the finner the detail your hairs have , you do find that the more layers means the more time it takes to render .... but more than often 30ish layers seems to produce pretty good results .
Again if you have extremely long wavy hair and want picture perfect quality , you may find that you need 60 + layers .
You can run the demo programs and use the ' Home ' , ' End ' keys to increase or decrease the number of layers that is rendered so you can play around with the values you get .
Layers : 2 Layers : 6 Layers : 15 Layers : 30 Layers : 60 Varying Density with Length
The density is how many hairs are pair layer - so for example a fixed density across all the layers would be 1000 and would be pretty dense , while reducing the density linearly from the inner layer to the outer layer produces a more realistic and varying density .
Of course we can use other functions to create sparse rough looking textures by varying them non-linearly .
Fixed Linear Power 2 Power 3 Sine Mixed ( Lin & Pow5 ) Loading X File and Rendering a Fur Surface
The previous couple of demos have used only a simple flat surface .
With a few extra lines , and using the ' D3DXLoadMeshFromX ( .. ) '
API we can load a 3D X File and render fur to its surface .
The code has been simplified a bit so that it 's easier to make out .
Also does n't contain all the extra keyboard input information so you can fiddle with values such as fur length .
IDEA !
Have you ever looked at fur ?
I mean if you look closely , you 'll notice that all the fur / hairs ar n't all exactly the same colour .
So by introducing an extra 3 lines into our colour generation code , we can generate fur with slight randomness to colour , note that the randomness is only slight , but gives an improved realness .
// hair color // Slightly random plus or minus small amount fixed colour D3DXCOLOR col ; col.r = rnd( 0.9 , 0.9 ) ; // ie .
0.9 , 0.3 , 0.3 is brown ( rgb ) col.g = rnd( 0.3 , 0.5 ) ; col.b = rnd( 0.3 , 0.7 ) ; col .a = 1.0 f ; Not much code , but gives each of the hairs their own individuality .
Remember though , that each hair must keep its same colour across its layers , which is the reason why we keep setting the seed value for our random function .
rnd (.. ) is a random function value which generates a float random value from min to max value .
const float INV_RAND_MAX = 1.0 / ( RAND_MAX + 1 ) ; inline float rnd( float max=1.0 ) { return max * INV_RAND_MAX * rand ( ) ; } inline float rnd( float min , float max ) { return min + ( max - min ) * INV_RAND_MAX * rand( ) ; } It 's a MOUSE !!!
For the 3D Model ( X - File ) I used a simple model of a mouse ( mouse.x ) , as someone said to me , it looks like an alien , but it is a mouse character :)
Would look good with a few bones and a bit of animation , but the code is only a simple version .
There 's ' No Lighting ' or ' Drag & Move ' or any other such code in this demo ... was kept very simple .
The code loads a simple mesh model , applies the basic fur texture layers to the model and renders it .
That simple .
Efficiency ! -
If you look at the code is very simple , the code has been done so you can go step by step over the various stages .
So if your going to make this demo into something for release , look into optimising it first !
As I 've done a lot of creating and releasing of resources in the main loop .
He 's Hollow I hear you say ?
Well yup , the code only renders the fur .
So if you want him to have an additional skin , surface or something , then you just render a black surface or coloured surface of the 3d object before rendering the fur .
The fur stands out a great deal , by stands out I mean that the individual hairs are quiet noticeble across the object even though we have no lighting in the demo .
This is mainly due to hair contrast colour being made darker at the base compared to the tips .
Also as I mentioned above the hairs are given a slight difference in colour across the texture - so they 're still the same colour plus or minus a slight randomness .
Download Source Code ( 59 kb ) MMmmmm Donuts !!
Well we all know that Homers favourite food is donuts , also sometimes referred to as torus shapes in the 3D world .
Using a simple 3D algorithm to generate the 3D Donut including its texture coords and normals , we apply the fur algorithm to it .
Download Source Code ( 50 kb ) Fur Shadowing ( Inter Fur - Shadowing )
It 's not so noticeble in some of the demos , as we have varying alpha values from base to tip , so as the hairs overlap the separate hairs stand out more .
But if we had a constant set of hairs with fixed alpha values you 'd notice that the hairs sort of mix together .
Making it less obvious that we have multiple hairs .
No InterFur Shadowing Per Hair Shadowing Offset Lets examine how we achieve this inter -fur shadowing .
The principle is very simple , but at the cost of having to render each fur layer an additional time .
It works by taking each layer and offsetting the uv coordinates very slightly , using the surface normal as a bias as well , so that each layers dots or hairs are offset .
Rather than just render the same colour though - as we are trying to generate a shadow effect , we convert the rgb offset value to a grey shadow .
This grey offset is rendered underneath each layer , so that as the layers are built up as for the original layers for the fur , we get a shadowing effect , which makes the individual hairs stand out more .
I suppose my simple diagram above does n't show the effect to well , I suppose the results might stand out a bit more if you bias the shadow a bit , so instead of using a grey value for the shadow , you could use a pure black , i.e. float4 ( 1,1,1 , fcolor .a ) for the last line , so that the hairs really have a strong shadow .
Of course the shadows do n't really look realistic then , but thats the beauty of code , you can test out different methods to see what results you get .
Inter - Fur Shadows Effect .... vertexOutput VS_Shadow_TransformAndTexture(vertexInput IN ) { vertexOutput OUT = ( vertexOutput ) 0 ; float3 P = IN.position.xyz + ( IN.normal * FurLength ) ; float4 normal = mul( IN.normal , matWorld ) ; //---Additional Gravit / Force Code---- vGravity = mul( vGravity , matWorld ) ; float k = pow ( Layer , 3 ) ; //
We use the pow function , so that only the tips of the hairs bend //
As layer goes from 0 to 1 , so by using pow ( ..) function is still // goes form 0 to 1 , but it increases faster !
exponentially P = P + vGravity*k ; //---End Gravity Force Addit Code---- //
We want the fur in the center of the object , as where doing offsets !
So if we just // use the normal , when it 's facing in the z direction , the center of the object mesh , // then it will be the same when we scale it larger .
So we modify the normal so we // have larger values in the center and less on the edge for use in our offset inter // fur shading !
If thats makes any sense ?... not the best explanation I 've ever done :( float4 znormal = 1 - dot( normal , float4 ( 0,0,1,0 ) ) ; //
Works pretty well though , even if you just do this below , and just use the normal !
// float4 znormal = normal ; OUT.T0 = IN.texCoordDiffuse * UVScale ; OUT.T1 = IN.texCoordDiffuse * UVScale + znormal * 0.0011 ; // UVScale ??
We only multiply the UVScale by the T0 & T1 as this is our Fur Alpha value ! , hence // scaling this value scales the fur across your object ... so reducing it makes the fur thicker , // increasing it makes it thinner .
We do n't do it to our T2 output as this is our texture // coords for our texture ... and we do n't want to effect this OUT .
HPOS = mul( float4 ( P , 1.0f ) , worldViewProj ) ; OUT. normal = normal ; return OUT ; } //---------------------------------------------------------------------------// float4 PS_Shadow_Textured ( vertexOutput IN ) : COLOR { float4 furcolr = tex2D ( TextureSampler , IN.T0 ) ; float4 furcolr_offset = tex2D ( TextureSampler , IN.T1 ) ; //??
We use a simple offset trick to give individual hair shadows .
Works by using // the normal - furcolor_offset in the direction of the normal of the triangle // face .
// Of course we scale this by a value so our offset is only small , but just // enough to give some individual hair lighting //--------------------------
float4 color = furcolr_offset - furcolr ; float4 fcolor = color ; fcolor . a = color.a ; //--------------------------
//??We have our offset colour - but of course our fur colour could be a single // colour , red or just green !
So we want this as a grey , as we are concerned // with the fur shadows !
//------------------------- // From RGB to YUV // Y = 0.299R + 0.587G + 0.114B // U = 0.492 ( B-Y ) // From YUV to RGB // R = Y + 1.140V // G = Y - 0.395U - 0.581V // B = Y + 2.032U // Y is the luma , and contains most of the information of the image float4 Y = float4( 0.299 , 0.587 , 0.114 , 0.0f ) ; fcolor = dot( Y , fcolor ) ; // grey output //-------------------------
return fcolor ; //return float4( 1.0f , 1.0f , 1.0f , 0.3f ) ; //rrggbbaa } ....
Not shown in the vertex / pixel shader code above is the addition of about 4 lines that allow us to introduce basic lighting to our surface .
Simple directional lighting added to the basic rendering of the shells , not the shadow shells the fur layers gives a slightly more eye catching effect .
Definitely worth testing out the demo to see the difference that inter - fur shadowing has .
Few things make the demo a bit more catchy is that the surface and hairs have the added directional lighting added to it , so that gives an even more eye stunning effect .
If you comment out the basic directional lighting code in the shader demo you 'll see the effects inter - fur shadows just as well Download Source Code ( 16 kb ) IDEA !
By experimenting with the code you can produce a while variety of effects .
One such effect which jumps to mind is biasing the colour of the hairs for different layers or uv texture values .
Alternatively once you get to texturing , you could only put hair in places where the surface is a particular colour for example .
You could have it so that when you model a character , you make his head blue !... pure blue !... when you render the whole head , you could apply a fur algorithm to only the surface that is blue !
At this stage we have a relatively reasonable looking effect , which could be used as is , but as they say you can always go further .
But it 's worth noting that our vertex and pixel shader code , or HLSL is implemented using only the very basic shaders , vertex shaders 1.1 + and pixel shaders 1.3+ , so the effects should work on even basic graphic cards .
Textured Fur Download Source Code ( 50 kb ) Download Source Code ( 50 kb ) Download Source Code ( 50 kb ) May the Force be with you !
Forces , such as gravity or wind or movement forces take the fur to that realistic dynamic level that is n't as hard as you think !
Using a simple biasing and of course the simple Newton Laws of force ( F=ma ) and Hooks Spring Law ( F=kx ) we can add a bit more to our fur demo .
Simply by draging the bunny adds to the fur movement , it 's not perfect , just a basic swishing back and forth in the x and y direction so you can see the fur working better .
The biasing of the fur is done by adding to the to the Positioning of each layer of the fur .
So that it 's not so linear , I use a slight adjustment of power of 3 , so that the outer layers are effected more than the inner layers ... giving a curving on the tips .
You can increase and decrease the fur length by pressing < Up > and < Down > keys in the demo , so that the forces are really notable .
Of course the code could do with a bit more tweaking so it 's a bit more bouncy ... but it works .
Download Source Code ( 50 kb )
Below shows the code snippet from the Shader code that adds to the forces to the fur ... you can also just comment the code out with comments /* */ and it should still work .
Might be an idea to just put the fur force code into a function later on so it 's more structured , but I thought it was pretty simple to keep as it is , as it's only a few lines .
Code Snippet From Fur.fx ... // Additional Gravit / Force Code vGravity = mul( vGravity , matWorld ) ; // float pp = 3.14 * 0.5 * Layer ; // depth paramete // float A = dot ( normal , vGravity ) ; //A is the angle between surface normal and gravity vector float k = pow ( Layer , 3 ) ; //
We use the pow function , so that only the tips of the hairs bend //
As layer goes from 0 to 1 , so by using pow ( ..) function is still // goes form 0 to 1 , but it increases faster !
exponentially P = P + vGravity*k ; // End Gravity Force Addit Code ...
Remember the code is repeated in two parts in the shader code , the fur rendering part and of course is repeated in the shadow shader code so our inter hair shadows are in the same place .
Improvements / Further Work * Addition of Fins *
Fur texture is averaged over the current mesh , using the original fur colour texture - calculate each triangles size and exact tu /tv values for the fur texture individually .
* Optimise the render loop *
Organise the shader code more to use functions *
Do some performance work triangles vs FPS .
A man who encouraged his teenage son to marry and rape his 12 - year - old cousin has been jailed .
The 54 - year - old organised a sham Muslim ceremony between his son , then 16 , and the girl at his home in Woolwich , south - east London , in March last year .
At Wood Green Crown Court the boy got an 18 - month supervision order for rape .
The fathers of the boy and girl were both jailed for three years for inciting a child to engage in sexual activity following an illegal marriage .
The boy 's mother , 54 , was given a 12 - month jail term , suspended for two years , for the same offence .
She was also ordered to do 200 hours of community service .
The offences are incomprehensible and the victim is a truly brave girl
Det Insp Noel McHugh
The case came to light when the mother of the girl , who objected to the arranged " marriage " , told police about it .
Scotland Yard child abuse detectives then discovered several relatives of the boy had urged him to rape his cousin .
In a statement , the girl 's mother said : " What happened to my daughter was a nightmare .
These convictions will help us move on . "
Speaking after the case , Det Insp Noel McHugh , who led the investigation , called it a " really awful crime " .
He said : " This has been an exceptionally challenging investigation and we are grateful to all those who assisted with the case and ensured the convictions .
" The offences are incomprehensible and the victim is a truly brave girl who suffered at the hands of those who should have offered her protection . "
The girl 's father , 29 , and the boy , now 17 , were ordered to sign the sex offenders register .
Neither the victim nor any of the guilty parties can be named for legal reasons .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I like my employer ’s health plan .
Today I learned that under both the Senate and the House bills , I wo n’t be able to keep my plan .
Both bills require reductions in health reimbursement benefits under my plan .
Both the Senate and the House health bills slash a significant part of my employer ’s health plan — the Health Flexible Spending Account — restricting them to $ 2500 and restricting what they can used for .
That single change in my health plan ( and my wife ’s ) will cause our family to pay a couple thousand dollars more each year in income taxes , and yet my FSA might still cause my employer ’s plan to trigger the 40 % Senate tax on Cadillac plans ( I do n’t know enough about the full cost of our plans to know ) .
Remember perhaps President Obama ’s most prominently and frequently made promise from last summer :
Those who argued that President Obama could not possibly keep that promise were accused of spreading lies and disinformation , of using “ scare tactics . ”
Now we learn that Obama ’s critics were right .
If the White House wo n’t apologize for spreading disinformation about health care reform , at least it should pull an Emily Litella and update its “ Reality Check ” website to say : “ Never mind . ”
The role of render as both an aesthetic waterproofing and a strength - giving material is discussed ; including experimental evidence from the BRE .
As well as explaining other key considerations , the programme compares the cost of building a typical three - bedroom straw bale house , to that of building using traditional materials .
Barbara explains why the two are currently level - pegging , and why cost is n't necessarily the driving factor when it comes to building with straw .
About the contributors
Barbara Jones is founder and director of straw bale design , construction and training company Amazonails .
She was named Woman of Outstanding Achievement 2009 by the UK Resource Centre for Women in Science , Engineering and Technology ( UKRC ) .
Paul Spittlehouse of Taylor Pearson Construction is the site manager of the Waddington scheme .
Experienced in traditional building methods , it is the first time Paul has built with straw ; an experience that he said he had thoroughly enjoyed .
Mick Gadd is North Kesteven District Council 's property services manager .
A qualified building surveyor , Mick is in charge of the maintenance of the Council 's 3,800 strong housing stock , as well as new - build schemes including the Waddington development .
Disclaimer : NBS TV programmes are the intellectual property of RIBA Enterprises and it shall be a breach of this right to copy , or in any way exploit commercially or show in public any of the programmes without the express permission of RIBA Enterprises .
The information contained in the programmes is not intended and accordingly shall not be relied upon either as a substitute for professional advice or judgement or to provide legal or other advice with respect to any particular circumstance .
RIBA Enterprises accepts no responsibility for loss occasioned to any person acting or refraining from action as a result of the information contained in the programmes .
Related reading
The NBS guide to straw bale construction
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
US F1 sporting director Peter Windsor insists there are no doubts the his team will be on the grid at the start of the 2010 season .
Responding to comments made by Bernie Ecclestone in which the Formula 1 supremo suggested he had doubts about the American team , Windsor said the outfit is actually in good shape .
" I 'm surprised Bernie said that .
We will be there .
We 're in good shape , " Windsor told BBC Sport .
" Everything is going well and we are looking forward to the year .
" We 've just finished the chassis and are now in the hands of Cosworth . "
US F1 is the only of the new teams yet to sign a driver for its debut season , but Windsor said an announcement can be expected in the later part of January .
" We are trying to find the best drivers we can ; there 's no rush , " he said .
" We have no date [ for car completion ] .
It 's difficult to predict when that date would be .
" However , there will be a moment when we announce the drivers at the factory and that will be some time towards late January . "
Michelle Duggar Has Premature Girl in Emergency C Section Michelle Duggar of TLC's " 18 Kids and Counting " gave birth to Josie Brooklyn .
Dec. 11 , 2009  -- Michelle Duggar , star of the TLC reality show " 18 Kids and Counting " has given birth to her 19th child in an emergency C-section .
New baby Josie Brooklyn , born Thursday evening , weighs 1 pound 6 ounces and is in stable condition at the neonatal intensive care unit at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences , TLC reports .
TLC reports " Michelle is resting comfortably " while Josie Brooklyn stays at the neonatal intensive care unit , and that " the family is grateful for all the prayers and well wishes during their recovery . "
Duggar 's baby was not due until March , but TLC is reporting that Duggar went into the hospital early suffering pain from a gallstone .
People magazine reported Monday that Duggar had been airlifted to a hospital in Little Rock because her gallbladder problems were causing contractions .
Only 6 percent of babies are born so early .
Most preemies make it the 33rd week of pregnancy and while most premature babies are at risk for health problems , risk for complications increases the earlier a baby is born , according to the March of Dimes .
Their organs are less developed in babies before 32 weeks gestation , but advances in obstetrics and neonatology have improved the chances of survival for babies as small as Josie Brooklyn .
Josie Brooklyn was born at 25 weeks and , according to a study published in the Journal of the American Medical Association in June , babies born at 25 weeks who receive aggressive treatment through intensive care have an 82 percent chance of survival .
For now , Duggar 's husband , Jim Bob , and 18 children will have to get along without Michelle and Josie Brooklyn .
In September , the Duggars announced that they were expecting their 19th child .
Though they make raising a large family look like , well , child 's play , adults who have grown up in Duggar - size families say it 's a mixed blessing .
Finding space to be alone is a challenge .
Finding someone to play with is not .
There 's also an environmental effect -- think carbon dioxide -- as well as health concerns for the mother .
Women who 've borne more than five children risk hemorrhage and even the loss of their uterus because repeated pregnancies sometimes thin the walls of the uterus , said Dr. Joanna Cain , an obstetrician - gynecologist in Providence , R.I .
Then there 's always the possibility of one child getting lost in the passel of children .
Rachel Carroccio , a receptionist and ceramics teacher in Little Rock , Ark. , knows that experience firsthand .
The fifth - born of 10 children , Carroccio , now 28 , recalled one time when her mother was in a hurry to get to the grocery store .
" We all piled into the minivan , " she told ABCNews.com .
" Mom counted heads to make sure everyone was there .
As soon as she pulls forward , she sees my little brother Daniel riding his bike in front of us . "
As it turned out , one of the heads was really the neighbor's .
But , for all the fond memories , she says the older girls in the family , including herself , burned out on caring for younger siblings and the house while her mother , often raising them alone , worked outside the home .
" None of us really want many kids , " Carroccio said , referring to the girls .
" My brothers , on the other hand , all want to have kids .
I have one brother about to have his fifth child . "
Those are among the sentiments the Carroccios like to share whenever all 10 -- ranging in ages from 11 to 37 -- get together for Thanksgiving and Christmas , their favorite time of the year .
Christmas was also a favorite time for Henriette Peters , the 11th child of 14 , growing up in Crystal Lake , Ill. , outside Chicago .
Big Families Stretch a Dollar
Even though the family had little -- no car , often no running water , spotty plumbing and heat -- Christmas was always a time of plenty .
" There were benefactors , " Peters , now 48 , told ABCNews.com .
" We always thanked God for our benefactors .
Our Aunt Dottie would send us pajamas every year in a special package from Marshall Field's . "
Unlike the Duggars , who live debt - free in a 7,000 - square - foot home on 20 acres , many big families have fewer resources to go around .
" My mother did n't live from month - to - month or year - to - year , " Peters said .
" She lived day - to - day .
She had a faith in the Lord Jesus to care for her children .
She calls it miraculous that we survived the conditions we lived in . "
Peters said wearing hand - me - down clothing was n't so bad , but not being able to get to the doctor without a car or money was hard .
She said she still deals with " gushy gums " and " charley horses " from the years of eating foods with poor nutritional value .
Carroccio said her mother faced similar financial issues , but knew how to " stretch a dollar . "
It was n't until she went to college that she realized not everyone ate potatoes at every meal .
" That was one of my mom 's ways to fill us up , inexpensively , " she said .
What the Peters lacked in resources , they made up in relationships , especially among siblings .
" The siblings cared for one another , " Peters said .
" I was cared for by my mother and my older siblings . "
The Duggar family has a similar approach , with older siblings helping to take care of the younger ones .
Nineteen Kids Seems a Bit Much
Matt Hersh , an expert on children and adolescent fear and anxiety at Boston University , said that 's not necessarily a bad thing , depending on the expectations the parents set up for their children .
" If that 's an expectation , as in that 's just how we function , it may not be perceived as burdensome , " he said .
" In my limited knowledge of the Duggar 's philosophy -- that every child is a particular gift for the family -- I imagine that would help ease the role . "
To this day , Carroccio said , she remains very close with her second - oldest sister -- " she was like a second mom to me . "
At 18 , Carroccio moved in with her older sister and still turns to her when she has a problem .
Still , thinking about the Duggars ' having their 19th , Carroccio said , " I feel like it 's too much .
I 'm sure no one is going to be neglected .
But it does seem overwhelming . "
Peters said she recalled looking out the kitchen window of her childhood home one day while washing a huge pile of dishes and thinking , " I can't wait till I get out of here . "
She said she never wanted a big family .
Then , she met her husband , Don Peters , a technology and computer specialist , and they married when she was 18 .
Five years later , they bought the property where her childhood home stood and built a house .
They have since filled it with 10 children , ranging from ages 4 to 28 .
" I never wanted to have a big family because I lived in one , " said Peters , a stay - at - home mom .
" But it came about through the love between my husband and me .
Children are a gift from God , and God knew what was going to be right for us . "
Duggar , 42 , Made to Have Babies
It 's a philosophy to which the Duggars , devout conservative Christians , subscribe .
But one 's belief in God should not minimize other important issues involved in families so large , medical and environmental experts say .
In addition to the hemorrhage risk , Cain , the chief OB - GYN at Women & Infants hospital in Providence , said women such as Duggar , after their child - bearing years , are also at greater risk of incontinence and even uterine prolapse , in which the uterus falls to the pelvic floor .
" This woman is lucky that she exists in a society where if she has any of those complications , we have ways of dealing with them , " Cain said .
" Yes , women used to have that many children .
But many mothers did n't survive , and their children died at an earlier age .
We forget that . "
Dr. Amy Sarver , Duggar 's OB - GYN , told People magazine after she delivered Duggar 's 18th baby , " Some women are made to have babies , and Michelle is to the nth - degree . "
Alan Weisman , the author of " The World Without Us , " raises another concern , about the Duggar family 's impact on the environment .
Each child , he said , multiplies his mother 's carbon legacy by 5.7 percent , which means the Duggar children alone could be responsible for contributing more than a million metric tons of carbon dioxide to the atmosphere .
" Big families have always been portrayed as something lovable and beautiful , " Weisman said .
" Think of ' The Waltons . '
But we do have an issue now , where it 's not just about home and family .
It 's about the planet , and the planet has n't gotten any bigger .
We only have one atmosphere . "
Global Health Council Research Associate Rachel Hampton traveled to the International Conference on Family Planning in Kampala , Uganda .
This is the third of her posts from the conference .
KAMPALA , Uganda –
What do conservation projects have to do with family planning ?
It was this question that crossed my mind while skimming through the conference program and coming across a presentation titled , “ Integration with marine conservation enhances the acceptability and use of family planning in the Philippines . ”
This presentation was part of a larger panel on family planning and the environment , which featured population , health and the environment ( PHE ) programs in four different countries – the Philippines , Kenya , Uganda and Ethiopia .
PHE programs focus on the complex relationship of population size , family planning and the environment through both health and conservation interventions .
Read below for two examples of PHE programs that were presented today :
Integration with marine conservation enhances the acceptability and use of family planning in the Philippines .
The Philippines is one of the most populated countries in the world , with a rapidly growing population .
The majority of the population lives in costal areas where poverty and fertility exceed national averages , factors that both contribute to overfishing .
In response to the dangerous convergence of these factors , PATH initiated the Integrated Population and Costal Resource Management ( IPOPCOM ) , a program that addressed both sexual and reproductive health and marine conservation through a “ stewardship ” framework .
This intervention encouraged youth - to - take ownership over their sexual and reproductive health and the environment and adults to plan their families and participate in cooperative fisheries within the community .
The program was highly successful , with the proportion of adults using family planning to increase from 43 percent in 2003 to 83 percent in 2006 .
Marine conservation efforts improved too , with the percent fishermen reporting conservation activities nearly doubling from 2003 to 2006 .
Population , heath and environment in Uganda : Bwindi Impenetrable National Park case study .
Bwindi Impenetrable National Park is home to the endangered mountain gorilla , and is also surrounded by a densely populated , impoverished area with high fertility and poor access to services and education , similar to the costal areas of the Philippines discussed above .
Due to the genetic links between people and primates , diseases like scabies and tuberculosis can be transmitted from one population to the other .
Recognizing the challenges to both human and animal health , Conservation through Public Health ( CTPH ) developed a program to prevent and control disease transmission between people and gorillas , increase the use of family planning to curb rapid population growth , and raise enthusiasm for health and conservation .
CTPH ’s initial program had consisted of three interventions : gorilla health monitoring , human public health ( including a TB component ) , and education and communication activities .
Shortly after the launch of the program , an intervention to provide family planning was added .
During the course of this program , family planning use was four times higher than historic trends , and there was an 11 - fold increase in the number of people accessing testing for TB .
After the family planning component was added , community - based health care workers also provided Depo - Provera injections , another intervention that proved highly effective with more than 730 injections administered .
So , what can we learn from PHE programs ?
First , I think these programs teach us to look for partners in unexpected places .
I suspect that there are additional opportunities for family planning outside the health sector , if we are willing to expand our horizons .
These new , innovative partnerships will certainly pave the way to health over the next decade .
Second , I think these programs illustrate the wide - reaching effect of rapid population growth and high fertility rates , not just on health but on the environment as well .
This relationship is not a one - way street , with environmental factors equally impacting human health .
One fitting example is climate change ( see David Olson ’s blog below ) .
Perhaps the health sector should look to partner with climate change organizations too ?
It is also important to remember that not every partnership is a productive one , and in order for them to be successful , partners must share a common vision , cooperate with one another , trust each other ’s expertise and willingly share the credit for their achievements .
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The swine flu pandemic is " considerably less lethal " than feared , chief medical officer Sir Liam Donaldson says .
A study led by Sir Liam found a death rate of just 0.026 % in those infected , the British Medical Journal reported .
But he said the findings , based on a review of deaths to early November , did not mean the action taken in the UK was unnecessary .
He pointed out two - thirds of the deaths were in groups that were now eligible for vaccination .
The findings , reported by the British Medical Journal , come as the number of new cases continues to fall .
In England there were 11,000 last week - down from 22,000 the previous week .
The first influenza pandemic of the 21st century is considerably less lethal than was feared in advance
Sir Liam Donaldson , chief medical officer
Fergus on Flu Scotland also saw a fall from 12,300 to 8,900 , while numbers in Northern Ireland and Wales have always remained much lower .
The UK death toll now stands at 283 .
Sir Liam described the low death rate as " fortunate " .
" The first influenza pandemic of the 21st century is considerably less lethal than was feared in advance . "
Sir Liam also urged people to come forward for immunisation .
A number of priority groups have been identified , including people with health problems and pregnant women , for the first wave of the programme .
Vaccination
But only 2.3 million of the 9 million people eligible for vaccination in England have come forward so far .
Sir Liam said the likely reason more were not being vaccinated was a legacy of the " junk science thrown at MMR " as well as the fact that people do not fear the virus .
However , the government had better news over the vaccination of young children - the under fives are the next in line to get the jab .
The programme looked to be in disarray earlier this week when ministers failed to agree a deal with the British Medical Association , the doctors ' trade union , to get GPs to give the immunisations as they have been doing in the first wave .
They said it was likely health visitors and district nurses would have to take over .
But Ian Dalton , who heads up the government 's flu planning , said many GPs were signing up on an area - by - area basis .
He said agreements were in place for doctors in the North East and London to deliver the programme and he expected many more would be signed in the near future .
" I do n't think for most GPs this is about money , it is about protecting children . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Rauchverbot Bayern drücken Seehofer Volksentscheid aufs Auge
Triumph für die Nichtraucher : Mehr als eine Million Menschen unterschrieben das bayerische Volksbegehren für das weitreichendste Rauchverbot Deutschlands .
Jetzt muss sich der Landtag mit dem Gesetzentwurf befassen - CSU - Ministerpräsident Horst Seehofer muss sich wohl geschlagen geben .
30 + Amazing Examples of Famous Caricatures
One of the great things about Montreal ( the city I am from ) is all the activities that go on here all year long .
If you have ever visited Montreal in the summertime and have gone down by the river to the part of the city called Old Montreal you would have seen that there are lots of artists lined up in the streets waiting to do caricature illustrations of you .
I myself got one done many years ago…very funny .
In this post you will see some amazing caricatures of famous people such as Barack Obama and Clint Eastwood just to name a few .
Hope you enjoy !
Colombia keeps on bleeding .
In 1948 , the assassination of the charismatic populist leader , Jorge Eliécer Gaitan led to rioting in Bogotá and generalized war provoked by wealthy landowners and the government that over ten years took 300,000 peasant lives .
Left - wing rural insurgencies have continued to our own time .
In a 1980 ’s peace initiative , Communists , trade unionists and guerillas came together in the Patriotic Union to contest elections .
However , the ruling elites and drug cartels unleashed violence which killed 5,000 Patriotic Union activists , including electoral candidates .
President Alvaro Uribe leads a government strong on military repression serving big bankers , mega landowners , multi-national corporations , and elite families .
The victims are workers , peasants , and indigenous and Afro-Colombian peoples .
Fighting has displaced four million rural inhabitants .
Sixty percent of Colombians are poor .
Thirteen percent of children under five suffer from acute malnutrition .
Four percent of landowners own two thirds of the land .
The UN Human Development Index identifies Colombia as the 6th most unequal country on the planet .
Up to 3,000 trade unionists have been assassinated since 1986 , 450 of them during Uribe ’s presidency .
This has led the AFL - CIO to oppose a proposed free trade agreement between the U.S. and Colombia .
U.S. corporations , including Coca Cola and Chiquita Brands , are accused by Colombian labor of involvement in anti-union violence .
Labor leaders , such as Lily Obando of the FENSUAGRO union are judicially persecuted .
The National Indigenous Organization of Colombia says that 2,351 indigenous people have been murdered since 1974 , 1,060 during Uribe ’s presidency .
A scandal erupted recently over reports that the military had murdered 1,700 politically uninvolved young men so that the soldiers could take credit for “ guerilla casualties ” .
Violent drug cartels would not have arisen without U.S. buyers .
The United States , under “ Plan Colombia ” , has subsidized the Colombian military and police to the tune of $ 6 billion over 8 years .
Thousands of Colombian officers have been trained by the U.S. Department of Defense at the “ School of the Americas ” in Georgia .
Colombia uses U.S. surveillance personnel and equipment to track drugs and FARC guerillas .
By demanding extradition of arrested right wing death squad figures , the United States blocked investigations in Colombia of murders and human rights abuses .
As senator , Barack Obama criticized the planned Free Trade Agreement with Colombia because of human rights abuses .
Now the Pentagon will be operating seven new military bases in Colombia .
Their purpose , outlined in official documents , is to go after drug traffickers , guerillas and , tellingly , “ anti-US governments ” .
An infusion of $ 46 million to the Palanquero airbase will enable flights covering most of South America .
U.S. troops in Colombia will be immune from prosecution .
The region has erupted in furious anger .
Leaders of neighboring countries on the outs with Colombia fear that with U.S. equipment , personnel , and tutelage at Colombian disposal , the stage is set for military attacks , especially against Venezuela .
Colombian paramilitaries have already carried out violent forays inside Venezuela .
Within Colombia – also regionally and internationally – efforts are ongoing to find a peaceful solution to the civil war between the government and the FARC and ELN guerilla armies .
Yet massive U.S. military aid to the Uribe government can only reassure its leaders as to favorable prospects for military victory and rejection of negotiations .
Gustavo Petro , presidential candidate of the left - center Alternative Democratic Pole in the 2010 elections , has written to U.S. President Barack Obama to ask that he withdraw the plans for the military bases .
Claiming that the bases agreement violates Colombian law , Petro adds “ … I ask you to unilaterally suspend the process of implementing the military bases .
.. and we invite you , with the help of the international community , to take up other , lasting paths of understanding which will lead us to peace ” .
U.S. citizens and voters , too , should demand that the Obama administration to get behind the Colombian peace process rather than promoting military solutions .
Not only should the plan for the new US bases be cancelled , current US military aid to Colombia should be stopped until the Uribe changes its bellicose behavior both to its own citizens and to its neighbors .
We should let our wishes be known by the White House , the State and Defense departments , and Congress , before it is too late .
Photo : http://www.flickr.com/photos/americanprogress/
/ CC BY -ND 2.0
CONTRIBUTOR W. T. Whitney Jr. W.T. Whitney Jr. grew up on a dairy farm in Vermont and now lives in rural Maine .
He practiced and taught pediatrics for 35 years and long ago joined the Cuba solidarity movement , working with Let Cuba Live of Maine , Pastors for Peace , and the Venceremos Brigade .
He writes on Latin America and health issues for the People 's World .
Earth destruction : Meteorite threat assessment
Meteorite 's mass
Calculating kinetic energy
Converting to Megatons
Material damage
Judgment day meteorite
Summary
Meteorite diameter Blast yield ( Mt ) Radius of complete destruction zone 7 m 0.025 1 km 64 m 20 10 km 110 m 100 35 km 1000 m 75'090 13200 m 173'000'000
Judgement day meteorite
Lately some of internet community was shocked by a missed 7 meter meteorite , which was detected just 15 hours before minimal distance to Earth , and that showed that we are still under risk of going Dinosaur way – have a breakfast , and then suddenly die due to meteorite impactSome might say " Hey , this 7 meter meteorite is so tiny to cause any damage " .
I am not going just believe that , let 's find out by ourselves !
I 'll show you that meteorite damage assessment is not something available for eggheads only : you might find all required information and tools for that in the internet , and I 'll show you how :-)
The only thing you should remember from School physics course is that every moving body have kinetic energy , and whatever you do with that body – amount of energy is preserved .
I.e. when meteorite hit the Earth – this energy gets converted to heat of explosion and shock - wave .
Google " Meteorite density " , in the first link you 'll find out that usual meteorite density is 3 grams per cubic centimeter , or 3 tons per cubic meter ( Sorry , no imperial units here ) .
Diameter of recent missed meteorite was 7 meters .
I guess you do not remember formula for sphere volume ?
Not a big deal .
Go to http://www.wolframalpha.com/index.html , enter " Sphere volume " , key into our value ( radius 3.5 m ) – and we are getting volume of 180 cubic meters , and mass 180*3 = 540 tons .
Looks bigger now ?
We 'll need to find out average meteorite speed : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meteorite " > http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meteorite
We see that usual meteorite speed is 11 - 25 km / second , let 's take 20 km / sec for our calculations .
Go to http://www.wolframalpha.com/index.html enter " kinetic energy " , enter data we have ( mass and speed ) and we 've got meteorite kinetic energy .
It 's 1.08 * 10 Joules .
This is the amount of energy will be released when meteorite hits the Earth , no matter will it burn down in atmosphere , melt or vaporize .
Also , Earth 's atmosphere is quite thin ( at least dense part ) , and at the speed 20 km / s meteorite would pass it and hit the Earth in 1 - 2 seconds ( It 's not like in movies ) .
If meteorite is coming under narrow angle to the Earth 's surface – then this energy would be released over larger area , and the impact would be lower , but the amount of released energy is still exactly the same .
Even if meteorite ( unlikely ) explodes ( vaporizes almost instantly ) at the great height , it still might cause destruction on the Earth surface due to shockwave ( for big meteorites it might go 10 km and further ) .
A word about melting / slowing down / vaporizing of meteorites : air resistance rises as square of size , but kinetic energy / meteorite mass as a cube .
That means bigger meteorite - easier atmosphere pass .
Let 's compare that energy to an nuclear explosion .
Open , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nuclear_weapon_yield
Here we see that 1 megaton ( Mt ) is 4,184x10 Joules , so that 7 meter meteorite would release energy equivalent to 25 kiloton nuclear explosion ( or explosion of 25'000 tonns of TNT ) .
Go to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Effects_of_nuclear_explosions
Here we see that for 20kt explosion zone of complete destruction have radius of 1 km , 20Mt – 10 km , 100 Mt – 35 km .
You should remember that you may see severe damage of civilian buildings up to 5 x of that range .
Have you ever interested how big should be a meteorite to kill most of life forms on the Earth ?
( especially human beings )
Let 's assume that to achieve that we need to heat all air over the Earth by 100 degrees ( celsium ) , and heat top 20 meters of water by 50 degrees .
Surely it will cool down quickly ( hours - days ) but that would n't matter then for everyone except ISS astronauts
At the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earth's_atmosphere we may find weight of all air on the Earth , it 's 5.2*10 kg , it 's heat capacity is ~ 1000 J / ( kg/ degree ) .
So , to heat up all Earth 's atmosphere by 100C , we need 5.2*10 Joules of energy .
At the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Earth , we see that Earth 's surface area is 510,072,000 km , to get square meters we need to multiply that by 1'000'000 .
Heat capacity of water is ~ 4180 J / ( kg/ degree ) , so to heat up 20 meters layer of water over all Earth 's surface by 50 degrees we would need 510 ' 072'000 ' 000 '000 ( Earth 's surface ) * 1000 ( how many kilograms per cubic meter of water ) * 20 ( thikness ) * 50 ( degrees ) * 4018 ( heat capacity ) = 2.049*10 Joules of energy .
Totally we need 7.25 *10 Joules .
Now go back to http://www.wolframalpha.com/index.html , enter " kinetic energy " and find out meteorite mass for that energy .
It appears to be 3.625*10kg .
Divide that by meteorite density , and we are getting meteorite volume of 1.2*10
And finally , enter " Sphere volume " and calculate radius / diameter of meteorite of that volume : 13.2 kilometers .
After repeating these computations for a few times , we might get that table :
8.0-RC3 Available
The third and hopefully last of the Release Candidates for the FreeBSD 8.0 release cycle is now available .
Unless something catastrophic comes up within the next couple of days we will begin the final builds for 8.0 - RELEASE .
There is one known issue with the igb ( 4 ) driver we are still deciding whether or not to fix as part of 8.0 - RELEASE versus doing an Errata Notice for it some time after the release is out .
It has been patched in head , and the SVN commit for it is r199192 .
If any of you are able to give that patch a try on a machine with the ig b ( 4 ) NIC it would be appreciated .
If you notice problems you can report them through the normal Gnats PR system or on the freebsd - current mailing list .
I do cross-post announcements to freebsd - stable because this particular release is " about to become a stable branch " but when it comes to watching for issues related to the release most of the developers pay more attention to the freebsd - current list .
ISO images for all supported architectures are available on the FTP sites , and a " memory stick " image is available for amd64/i386 architectures .
For amd64/i386 architectures the cdrom and memstick images include the documentation packages but no other packages .
The DVD image includes the packages that will probably be available on the official release media but is subject to change between now and release .
For sparc64 there is now a livefs cdrom , disc1 includes the documentation packages , and the DVD image has the set of packages that currently build for sparc64 ( which is a sub- set of the set provided for amd64/i386 ) .
If you are using csup / cvsup methods to update an older system the branch tag to use is RELENG_8_0 .
The freebsd - update ( 8 ) utility supports binary upgrades of i386 and amd64 systems running earlier FreeBSD releases .
Systems running 7.0 - RELEASE , 7.1-RELEASE , 7.2-RELEASE , 8.0- BETA1 , 8.0 - BETA2 , 8.0 - BETA3 , 8.0 - BETA4 , 8.0- RC1 or 8.0 - RC2 can upgrade as follows : # freebsd - update upgrade -r 8.0 - RC3
During this process , FreeBSD Update may ask the user to help by merging some configuration files or by confirming that the automatically performed merging was done correctly .
Systems running 8.0 - BETA3 may print the warning INDEX - OLD . all : Invalid arguments when downloading updates ; this warning is a harmless bug ( fixed in 8.0 - BETA4 ) and can be safely ignored .
# freebsd - update install
The system must be rebooted with the newly installed kernel before continuing .
# shutdown -r now After rebooting , freebsd - update needs to be run again to install the new userland components : # freebsd - update install
At this point , users of systems being upgraded from FreeBSD 8.0 - BETA2 or earlier will be prompted by freebsd - update to rebuild all third - party applications ( e.g. , ports installed from the ports tree ) due to updates in system libraries .
See : http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2009-07-11-freebsd-update-to-8.0-beta1.html for mode details .
After updating installed third - party applications ( and again , only if freebsd - update printed a message indicating that this was necessary ) , run freebsd - update again so that it can delete the old ( no longer used ) system libraries : # freebsd - update install Finally , reboot into 8.0 - RC3 : # shutdown -r now MD5 / SHA256 checksums for the image files : MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-amd64-bootonly.iso ) = 641881caa82ea85c118bc15fff12fce6 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-amd64-disc1.iso ) = 854c273b89792cd0366d5399df1034eb MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-amd64-dvd1.iso ) = 9bd1bb2507bc2a3037bc321bb2724bd6 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-amd64-livefs.iso ) = c5f427c8bf823e10a5348935cec2d7ee MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-amd64-memstick.img ) = 6af9e213914a58a5779715ae5882bd25 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-i386-bootonly.iso ) = dfaec92ae358ab780d317aa66482ca9e MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-i386-disc1.iso ) = 460f6cfddaebee6ae59a7d5f73695246 MD5 ( 8.0 - RC3-i386-dvd1.iso ) = 98d3f65f2444a8745f787df5ce9e1f0c MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-i386-livefs.iso ) = 5184b7f6403d1d24991533bde0e580ff MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-i386-memstick.img ) = 8774ef1d6bdf541e440f2f8ed22a2493 MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-ia64-bootonly.iso ) = fd0af8f34937cf7fc78ea0063252afb7 MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-ia64-disc1.iso ) = 96313c25e53fc333c258ed675007f3d7 MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-ia64-disc2.iso ) = 235714607a2805c396ece829839405be MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-ia64-disc3.iso ) = 53 fca9243ccc788190ca58d24f363cbe MD5 ( 8.0- RC3-ia64-dvd1.iso ) = 4e24736ab50bc2227c72dbeab6869266 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-ia64-livefs.iso ) = b6d76cf77ed714631bf714ff78b8e950 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-pc98-bootonly.iso ) = 137d17ec3830b6ae831b6fb48adf86e0 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-pc98-disc1.iso ) = 3624b1f7b3a659a7454718e38b9a1ee0 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-pc98-livefs.iso ) = 29ed3786b2df1c2e72e45d1187f3e788 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-powerpc-bootonly.iso ) = e7d8508639dee4aed5e52a24d6e27b69 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-powerpc-disc1.iso ) = 1016ae7753db153b7be0f5d167f595b9 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-powerpc-disc2.iso ) = aec2400454631cc2eaecb6f618bfecc8 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-powerpc-disc3.iso ) = fe36d621ad4b6347f8ade9800ccfab7b MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-sparc64-bootonly.iso ) = c35ddcb4dd050c793d89973eba02df72 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-sparc64-disc1.iso ) = 0d3855603ac868609fb882c321555508 MD5
( 8.0-RC3- sparc64-dvd1.iso ) = 7a402ec8d17804bd6d16fad0969c9e52 MD5 ( 8.0-RC3-sparc64-livefs.iso ) = 61c90ecce584c0c91f91e744f40a7d42 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-amd64-bootonly.iso ) = fbf7c68cf81c300ec4e944ed6491f65d217168a85c1863c019cb41eec30cae94 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-amd64-disc1.iso ) = 7e377f38cb6dc0ba1aa1fa13facf7e03f3cefad3d1490de797ed3a91680892e8 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-amd64-dvd1.iso ) = fa4671d9b9b5b8208579d51cc2f72188a9537984ee28ba851236a52f32022597 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-amd64-livefs.iso ) = c8c3728583b43e76d5e305b20fed578474adb5b14dbf2537b8ca9156b2d1c4cd SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-amd64-memstick.img ) = b8d90dbfca07160d9818bf6705b5dd99ba25fe1624cdda3f3f4919681d1b1af1 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-i386-bootonly.iso ) = f514dbec335fbf72917b25c1e79f6bca4e9dd74e037f75ab30d810e7942ac2fc SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-i386-disc1.iso ) = 6b306af4a74df57d2c155891557878d747bac92a24c2b46947f89e7d9657addc SHA256 ( 8.0- RC3-i386-dvd1.iso ) = 21794b11142eeb7eb56c8810b83dcd67230b0d26a0f0e5839866172d977a5626 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-i386-livefs.iso ) = 3dfd45e0a5550913b29d19d989f19 167159d1f926f1667d1622890a5f83be93 b SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-i386-memstick.img ) = afc65bf14101ace1f069323678a8070ab84823bf191aeefa8fc9909d38e9306e SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-ia64-bootonly.iso ) = 1fefdd0b03c943162cbb66d507e11c3a2e541e97a0742471de49f17ae96b953c SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-ia64-disc1.iso ) = 67124c8101dd3fb06dbd3771c3eb18560207b42e46c331cc2ab02ba5284a72b7 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-ia64-disc2.iso ) = 4eaa1125f98c5ed463f7577b9818dd57dbaee0bad01a1c7543ad4cc89c1770d0 SHA256 ( 8.0- RC3-ia64-disc3.iso ) = c178a48004a12d6f178b478da146582742a88a27fcbf380029ae7fb3f6db6472 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-ia64-dvd1.iso ) = d45a8e6ae622c1985d5b9c346c74f44884f3adba3c02d0b69bb58f19b359fa73 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-ia64-livefs.iso ) = 9132340e15b75601017b0b57902fa48926e1d1a257f1f5149baa07c15e0dede8 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-pc98-bootonly.iso ) = 42beee44af5859861718978a03de04e6a6fd0e63afec66a939830286fb73b22a SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-pc98-disc1.iso ) = 4b00447579349443d80082d1809b0d04688ea317a9bee3f551c13a35c82c549d SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-pc98-livefs.iso ) = 243306c98a9eade16d90994217fd89f0aba51cfd8399b1017754a3415f2e79e8 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-powerpc-bootonly.iso ) = 4cfbcac5fc69bb10860ed2c511bcf175be730c2fd11e57ccd2c8c77322ea5172 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-powerpc-disc1.iso ) = 6d7725d24c01d985590566eb168cde1e6d334a3cdc6bdc7a4508ea54c205c489 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-powerpc-disc2.iso ) = ecfd22166dd411359d74a61c1724cfa747e4a7e9cb8b47776643795f6388942 b SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-powerpc-disc3.iso ) = fc3c0c2823b36cc6530c7afdb73dbfa3cb1bf6a64a59fd4a55307e1e4d1541fe SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-sparc64-bootonly.iso ) = 44a641e1f3080112d6063f923d1e5d17f9d9eedd1004888aace77e08beca2fdf SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-sparc64-disc1.iso ) = e68eec5765f9313a9cbe4e94915b89d68caa4f4f65884be9e7b1d463862c17e3 SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3 -sparc64-dvd1.iso ) = e824cc316c520d29673c51e5ccf58aba9a79b17e7b61b67c1d13da7300911f7 b SHA256 ( 8.0-RC3-sparc64-livefs.iso ) = a4f0f8f02a9b1bad01088f5cb81a9a4d93ef6aad095afdd79cb5525b4a1e53b5 --
Ken Smith -
From there to here , from here to | kensmith at buffalo.edu there , funny things are everywhere .
| - Theodore Geisel |
-------------- next part
--------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed ...
Name : not available Type : application / pgp-signature Size : 195 bytes Desc :
This is a digitally signed message part Url : http://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-stable/attachments/20091112/94bbbc6a/attachment.pgp
A rarely seen French secret report on Adolf Hitler is among thousands of documents on 1920s Germany that are about to emerge from obscurity as part of a major overhaul of the French National Archives .
The yellowed , hand - written note from 1924 features a photograph of Hitler in a suit and tie , sporting his trademark side - parting and moustache .
It is part of a treasure trove that had been gathering dust in a Paris mansion for decades .
" He is not an idiot but rather a very cunning demagogue , " says the note on Hitler by an anonymous agent .
The agent presents Hitler as " the German Mussolini " and notes that he runs paramilitary groups " of the fascist type " , but does not raise any particular alarm about the man who would go on to lead Nazi Germany and launch World War II .
Part of a huge archive from the period when French troops occupied part of Germany after World War I , the Hitler report was stored separately from the rest of the papers in a metal cabinet where France keeps its most important documents .
Built in 1791 during the French Revolution , it contains 800 pieces including the diary of beheaded King Louis XVI , the last letter written by his doomed wife Queen Marie - Antoinette , Napoleon 's will and France 's successive constitutions .
Seen only by a very privileged few , the Hitler report has now been extracted from the cabinet and will soon be available for historians to study , along with tens of thousands of other papers dating back to the French occupation of Germany .
Those documents were transported to Paris in 1930 and have been stored ever since in the bowels of the National Archives , housed in a magnificent early 18th century residence in the heart of the historic Marais district .
' Racist '
The papers , which include everything from spy reports on politicians to details of German industrial techniques that the French hoped to appropriate , were not analysed or indexed .
As a result , they remained hidden in more than 6,000 boxes , an unmanageable mass of raw material , inaccessible to historians and slowly deteriorating as paper - clips rusted , dust accumulated and ink faded from sheets as fine as cigarette paper .
All that changed four years ago , when the Archives launched a conservation project to examine every single one of the papers and create a detailed index that will be posted online .
" On both sides of the Rhine , there was a very strong demand from historians to work on the inter - war period , and particularly the roots of the Second World War , " Isabelle Neuschwander , director of the Archives , said .
She said the newly organised archive would be moved to a new state - of - the - art storage facility which is being built in a Paris suburb .
There , the papers will be kept in much safer conditions and will be accessible to any researcher .
As well as Hitler , the French agents in Germany scrutinised other men who would go on to become powerful Nazis including Joseph Goebbels , Hermann Goering and Heinrich Himmler .
The Himmler note goes straight to the point : the first word is " racist " .
Industrial espionage
Also under the French spotlight was Konrad Adenauer , the then mayor of Cologne who would become the architect of the West German state after World War II .
But whoever wrote the Adenauer report did not take the full measure of the man .
" Competent but drawn to subordinate roles , " the note says .
Michele Conchon , an archivist who has been working full - time on the German papers for the past four years , said that while the most eye - catching pieces were the reports on famous Nazis , they were not the most valuable to historians .
" That is not what interests me most .
This archive is extremely rich in what it can teach us on daily life in Germany between the wars , " she said , surrounded by boxes of dusty files .
She mentioned reports on violent incidents in which ordinary Germans showed their anger at the French occupation , burning French flags or attacking isolated soldiers guarding buildings .
The boxes also contain reports detailing German technological brilliance in areas as diverse as aviation , pharmaceuticals and wireless communications .
" There are reports of factory visits that were probably carried out with the aim of industrial espionage , " she said .
The secret service reports even offer insights into the lives of ordinary Germans - and into the nervousness of the French , who kept close tabs on German public opinion .
Thus , a report on an obscure schoolteacher , named as Mr Hinze , reveals surprisingly close scrutiny .
" Schoolteacher , 31 , neutral , no obvious prejudices , content with our occupation which ensures order , hopes to see us go when peace will be signed , " says the report on Mr Hinze .
- Reuters
In November 1958 , the American teenager Katey Miller moves with her parents and her younger sister to Havana .
Her father is an executive of Ford expatriated to Cuba , and Katey is an excellent high school senior student that misses her friends .
The family is lodged in a fancy hotel , where Katey accidentally meets the local teenage waiter Javier Suarez .
Later she sees Javier dancing in a public square and they become friends , but he is fired from the hotel because her acquaintances have seen them together .
Katey invites Javier to participate of a Latin Ballroom Contest in the local Palace club to help him to raise some money , and she secretly meets him in the La Rosa Negra nightclub for rehearsals .
Later they fall in love for each other in times of revolution .
Written by Claudio Carvalho , Rio de Janeiro , Brazil
I kinda fell down the rabbit hole with school there for a little bit — but things are ( more or less ) back to normal and akimbo comes back with a new Onan !
Yay !
There ’s a new Vivian later in the week ( Monday or Tuesday ) and we ’ll see what I can do for the rest of the week .
ZOMG *!
It ’s a MMOZG !
New studio Undead Labs is hard at work on a console - exclusive , as in , not coming to PCs , zombie MMO .
“ Why zombies ? ” you may ask .
One of the answers you will get is “ because the world does n’t need any more dragons . ”
Undead Labs has been set up by Jeff Strain who has worked on a number of low - profile titles you may have heard of , such as StarCraft , Diablo and World of Warcraft at Blizzard .
He then went on to found ArenaNet with some other ex-Blizzard employees .
ArenaNet were behind Guild Wars and following ArenaNet ’s take over by NCsoft , Strain has satisfied his desire for a return to his development roots with the formation of Undead Labs .
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
The creation of the definitive ( and only ? ) massively multiplayer online zombie game for console gamers is the singular reason for Undead Labs ’ existence .
Naturally their reasoning behind creating an MMOZ ( they do not bother appending the ‘ G’ ) is far more complex than a simple overdose of dragons and stated love of the recently undead .
Here is a bigger part of their answer :
Zombies are fun because they give us an excuse to break all the rules , without guilt .
I ’m not just talking about over - the - top violence — we ’ve got aliens , terrorists , and robots to fulfill those needs — but instead the suspension of rules across the board .
Here you are in a huge , rich world as it existed at the height of society , and it ’s yours now .
Everything .
You can do what you want , go where you want , and take what you want .
In fact , you have to , if you are going to survive .
We ’ve all asked ourselves , “ What would I do ? ” while watching a zombie flick .
That ’s what makes this fun ; now you can find out .
The studio ’s decision to focus on producing a console - only MMO comes about because they believe that to create a great console MMO it must be built and designed from the ground up just for consoles .
Of course they are not denying that another part of the reason is because there are few console MMOs to compete with but you certainly cannot blame them for that .
At this very early stage there is not much more to be known about the game .
It “ will almost certainly be subscription based ” as they want the driving factor to keep people playing and paying every month to be fun and not rely on things like “ micro- transactions , in - game advertising , ‘ premium ’ accounts ” and the like to generate revenue .
As for when the game might , the name of which they are “ not ready to announce ” yet , Jeff says , “ Just file it away in your “ future cool stuff ” memory , and I promise you ’ll know about it when we get closer to release . ”
Another clue to just how far off it might be is embedded in his answer to the question of which platforms the game will be developed for :
We ’ll be developing for high - end game consoles .
By today ’s standards , “ high - end ” would include Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 .
But the market can change rapidly so we ’ll have to see how things look when we are further along in development .
Decide for yourselves just how many years into the future we may get before we see the game if there is a chance we will not see it before the next generation of consoles hits the shelves .
One more comment that caught my interest in the flurry of news surrounding the revealing of Undead Labs earlier this week came in the interview that Strain gave to Develop .
The difficulty of implementing a great console MMO user - interface entered the discussion .
Develop asked whether he thought that motion control could help .
I have to tell you , the possibilities of creating a MMO around the Wii controller are just staggering .
You could do so much with it .
Unfortunately , the hardware is just not up to scratch .
But , hey , who knows what the next generation of hardware will bring .
Certainly the Wii ’s direct - access controller would enable a phenomenal level of MMO mechanics .
I can think of a current “ high - end ” console that will have a motion - sensing , wand - like controller in the not - to - distant future , that should be a well understood and mature piece of gaming technology by the time Undead Labs ’ zombie MMO will be ready to face us and our collection of garden implements .
* See definition 6 here .
OMG NONCONSENSUAL SNUGGLES
Topatoco open house was a rad time , thank you to everyone who came out and said hi , you guys rule
see you tomorrow
OK , so I 'm an old school guy , but I do n't think the BART officer who grabbed a rowdy passenger by the scruff of his neck and removed him from a public train at the West Oakland Station on Saturday night did anything wrong .
All I saw in the video of the incident was a police officer doing his job .
It 's unfortunate that a glass window on the platform shattered as the suspect tried to resist the officer 's efforts to subdue him , but things like this happen sometimes when a suspect resists a law enforcement officer 's efforts to establish physical control over him .
What is mind - boggling to me is that the incident - which is little more than a tense moment between a police officer and an unruly passenger - is drawing questions about the use of force and the transit agency 's police department .
Because the incident was captured on video by a passenger and posted to the Web , it 's being treated like the New Year 's Day shooting of Oscar Grant by BART police officer Johannes Mehserle at a train platform in Oakland .
But this time it 's the transit agency - not the general public - who pulled the fire alarm well before anyone reported smoke .
Almost in anticipation of negative public reaction , and before the YouTube video had recorded 300 hits , BART officials held a news conference promising a quick , thorough investigation of the incident and the officer 's actions .
By Monday , Oakland defense attorney John Burris , who represents the Grant family in a $ 50 million federal civil rights lawsuit against the agency , announced that he will file a lawsuit on behalf of Michael Joseph Gibson , the man arrested Saturday .
Considering BART 's troubles over the last year , the reaction can't be surprising .
But if the video is a complete record of the event , there seems little to fret over .
The video captured the arrest of Gibson , 37 , but it thankfully also showed his behavior right up to the very moment the police officer placed his hands on him .
Gibson was boisterous , profane , appeared to be intoxicated and was undeniably confrontational .
The video shows him standing in the aisle with his arms spread out yelling , " Who wants to play ?
King of the mount -. "
His words trail off , but he is apparently challenging other passengers .
One passenger approaches him and tells him that he should get off the train , then another voice - apparently the officer 's - can be heard demanding : " Please get off the train now ! "
The officer , who has not been identified by name , promptly grabs Gibson by the collar and physically forces him from the train , to the distinct sound of applause from passengers .
It 's difficult to tell from the video how much force was used to push Gibson forward or how hard he resisted .
There is a moment when the officer puts a little extra effort into shoving Gibson toward the glassed wall of the platform .
Given Gibson 's behavior and hostile attitude , I think the police officer was wise not to engage in a verbal discussion with a clearly irrational person .
I do n't think he had any other choice but to act in a forceful , assertive manner .
It 's his job - and legal duty - to remove someone from a public train if he presents a potential danger to himself or other people .
The officer did his job .
The police officer never struck the man , he did n't throw him to the ground , smack him with a nightstick or gun , or launch a verbal tirade at him .
The officer struggled with the guy , pushed him against a wall and arm - wrestled him to handcuff him .
Police officers sometimes have to get physical with suspects , and while it may not be pretty or deemed socially acceptable in an enlightened place like the Bay Area , it 's very much an essential part of a police officer 's duty .
If that videotape represents the width and breadth of what happened Saturday night at the West Oakland BART Station , to rule the incident an improper use of force is to misunderstand the very nature of police work itself .
Suit threatened :
The lawyer for Michael Joseph Gibson ( above ) , whose arrest by a BART police officer resulted in injuries to both men , says he will sue .
C4
Columbia University Computing History
* Written before 2011 , when I was laid off .
Within a couple more years Bob too after just about 50 years .
Out with the old and in with the new !
Lessons from the Jungle
by Gary H. Anthes
Gary
Anthes contributed the following on 30 March 2005 , " My own small contribution to the 1401 Appreciation Society and Autocoder Programmers Alumni Association is the attachment , a column I wrote for Computerworld a few years ago .
Enjoy . "
[ Computerworld , August 20 , 1990 , Manager 's Journal , p.60 .
BYLINE : By Gary H. Anthes .
Anthes , Computerworld 's Washington , D.C. , correspondent , is a former U.S. Navy Lt. j.g. and was assistant director of data processing at the Navy Supply Depot in Da Nang , Vietnam . ]
The enemy rockets always came at night , but they were not well aimed and rarely did much damage .
And when a buddy was bitten by a poisonous snake as he took cover in a bunker during a red alert , I decided to stay in bed whenever the rockets came in .
But just before dawn on Feb. 24 , 1970 , the Viet Cong got lucky , and I learned about disaster recovery .
A rocket launched from somewhere in the Vietnamese jungle hit the U.S. Navy Supply Depot near Da Nang , miraculously landing on a stack of 6,000 anti-tank mines .
The exploding mines sent shock waves across the depot , flattening the data processing center where I worked .
Secondary explosions continued for 13 hours .
When I heard the mammoth explosion at my camp several miles away , I immediately thought of the gray case holding the five tapes that were updated each day and taken off - site in case computer processing ever had to be moved to the Navy 's emergency facility in the Philippines .
But the case holding the backup data files was n't in its familiar spot by my bed ; I had forgotten to take it with me the previous evening .
With visions of courts martial dancing through my head , I drove to the Supply Depot to help in the clean - up and recovery effort .
Although the building housing the computer center had collapsed , the IBM 1401 computer and it's coterie of electro - mechanical punched card machines seemed more or less intact , although covered with tons of dust and debris .
And the case holding the mag tapes was were I had left it , apparently unharmed .
Two civilian IBM engineers soon arrived on the scene , and if they slept at all over the next few days , it was n't apparent .
The computer was wheeled to an intact warehouse nearby , where Navy Sea Bees worked around the clock to install a raised floor and air conditioning .
Thanks to these heroic efforts and to IBM 's industrial strength vacuum cleaners , the equipment was cleaned up and working again within a week .
The IBM 1401 -- a predecessor to the System 360 -- had all the processing power and memory of today 's arcade games , but it ran three shifts a day , seven days a week keeping track of an inventory of 105,000 items supporting requisitions worth $ 32 million a month .
Although the computer and its inventory control applications were critical to the Navy 's mission of supplying combat troops , disaster recovery was executed so quickly that Navy brass elected not to send me to the Philippines with the backup tapes .
Thus , I escaped a court martial and never learned whether the explosions had jiggled the tapes ' bits into alphabet soup .
There are some lessons in all of this for today 's data center manager , none of them having to do with Viet Cong rockets , anti-tank mines or poisonous snakes .
First , expect the unexpected .
Second , have a gold - plated service contract backed up by dedicated , competent people .
Last , if you 're the one entrusted with the case of backup tapes , do n't leave work without it .
Department of Corrections
The following was received from Bill Nugent in March 2005 :
When talking about memory capacity , most people understand 4K , 12 K , 16 K as meaning 4096 , 12288 and 16384 .
The IBM 1401 had memory capacities of 4000 , 8000 , 12000 and 16000 words .
Might want to explain the difference .
Also each memory location was a word not an 8 bit characters .
One of the bits was not accessible because it was a parity bit and another bit was the Word Mark ( WM ) which marked the beginning of instruction ( reading up ) and the end of a data field ( reading down through memory ) .
The 1402 five output hoppers ( stackers ) were a very useful feature .
By default the puncher would drop the card in the left stacker and optionally in the 2nd from left or the middle stacker .
The reader by default dropped into the right stacker and optionally into the second from the right or the middle stacker .
I used many programs and wrote a program or two that would read data cards into the center stacker by default unless the card was going to be replaced in which case it would dropped into the second from the right stacker and the card punch would punch a replacement and drop it into the center stacker .
The one bizarre thing about the 1401 was the card reader would read into addressess 001 through 080 .
When the Load button was pressed the card reader would read in the first card , the I - Addr register was set to 001 so execution began in address 001 and so the boot loader would begin ( let me know if you want a more indepth explanation about the boot loader ) .
The card punch would punch from address 101 through 180 and the printer printed from 201 through 132 with address 200 being the used for channel control ( right phrase ) .
Because the computer was variable word length it was easy to write a program using variable length arithmetic .
A 1401 with the optional multiply / divide instruction option could multiple two 80 decimal numbers in approximately 15 minutes with a single instruction .
From Keith Williams , 1 May 2006 :
I have just found your pages on the 1401 at http://www.columbia.edu/cu/computinghistory/1401.html
It gave me great pleasure because I joined IBM in October 1959 just about the time of the announcement of that machine .
The 1401 was the first computer that I knew and probably the only one that I understood in depth .
I learned to program the machine in 1960 and by 1961 was teaching it to other IBM personnel and customer programmers .
I feel obliged to correct one small fact contained on your page .
Autocoder was not the first programming language for the 1401 .
The instruction repertoire and memory addressing system was simple enough to allow you to code simple routines in machine language , but the first assembler program was known as SPS ( Symbolic Programming System ) .
This programming system was announced by IBM with the machine .
Many of the early 1401s ( which replaced punched card accounting systems ) consisted simply of the 1401 processing unit , a 1402 card reader / punch and a 1403 printer .
They had no tape or disk units , and in fact these units did not figure in the first announcement .
Autocoder required a tape or disk unit to process your symbolic program to produce the object code .
Autocoder was made available first on the 1410 , and a 1401 version did not appear until late 1961 .
Until that time we programmed the 1401 in SPS ( Symbolic Programming System ) .
The SPS assembler program was held in a stack of punched cards .
The programmer 's symbolic program was also punched into cards and placed behind the SPS assembler in the reading stack of the 1402 .
On pressing the " Load " button the SPS assembler was loaded into the core memory of the 1401 and immediately read and processed the user 's symbolic program .
Translation was a two step process - first a partially translated deck was punched out on the punch side of the 1402 .
This partially translated program was then fed back into the read side of the 1402 and , during this second pass , a fully translated object program was punched out on the punch side .
The 1401 was supplied with a choice of 5 different core memory sizes .
For practical " stand alone " computing the minimum memory size was 4 K characters , but you could have 8 , 12 or 16 K memory configurations .
It was also supplied with a minimum memory configuration of 1.4 K for systems that were to be used as off - line printer system for the much more powerful IBM 700/7000 series .
To clarify a point made by Bill Nugent , the smallest addressable unit of memory on the 1400 series was known as the " character " and consisted of eight binary bits ( physically , eight ferrite cores ) .
It was the equivalent of what we now call a " byte " but that term did not come into use until the announcement of the third generation ( System / 360 ) machines .
As Bill explains , six of the bits were used for character coding , using a system known as BCD based on the code used in IBM punched cards .
The seventh bit was used as a parity bit , and the eighth as a " Word Mark " .
A " Word " on the 1400 series consisted of a variable number of consecutive character positions , the last one having the " Word Mark " bit on .
It was therefore known as a variable word length machine , in contrast to the fixed word length of the 709 and 650 which had preceded it .
Each machine language instruction constituted a " word " and could vary in length between 1 , 4 , 7 and 8 characters , the last one carrying a word mark .
Data words were , of course , totally variable in length , and were processed character by character in sequence until the word mark was encountered .
More Stories ...
From Karen B. McLaughlin , 24 August 2006 :
I was an early SPS programmer , starting at the Lawrence Radiation Laboratory ( LRL ) in 1961 fresh out of UC Berkeley .
Keith Williams clarified a lot of specifics I could n't recognize in the other reminiscences preceding his input .
His descriptions brought back memories of what we programmers had to go through in order to test and debug , including loading / unloading punched cards and making sure the paper was stacking correctly .
No one mentioned key punching , but that was another skill we all had to acquire because the keypunch staff was kept busy punching data cards since we had no tape drives .
A significant characteristic about the 1401 ( and others of its era ) was that because there was no operating system , any error could be attributed to the program in core , making debugging a relatively simple case of problem solving .
Once operating systems were involved , error correction became far more complicated and time consuming .
Another point about the 1401 : the console had bit switches that allowed a programmer to change core dynamically , which enabled debugging on the fly -- providing you knew Hollerith .
Since the programming staff only got hands - on testing one hour a day , that was a useful feature .
Program design had to be elegant and frugal , utilizing overlays and structure before the term was invented .
Today many people carry a PDA and cell phone each with more memory than the first computer we used to create payroll processing for over 5,000 employees at LRL Berkeley and Livermore in 1968 .
I stayed in the computing field , encountering lots of different machines , languages , projects , and job titles , and eventually retired in 1999 after 25 years at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
With a gleeful feeling of excess , possibly engendered by my early experience on the 1401 , I just finished building a personal computer containing almost 500GB of storage , far more than I 'll ever be able to use .
I had a wonderful and challenging ride over the years , but I have always thought programming and operating the 1401 was the most fun .
Robert N. Sammer , 21 May 2007 :
After reading the articles on your web site , I would like to add the following .
In 1962 , I joined IBMs New York Time / Life building computer operations department as a 1401 computer operator .
My responsibilities included putting all incoming computer jobs programmers submitted to the center onto tape using the satellite 1401 .
This allowed the current main frames ( 7090 , 7040 / 44 ) to process jobs without the time consuming input / output functions .
The New York computer center was a satellite to the main computing center in Poughkeepsie N. Y. , so the second shift , in N.Y , would send Poughkeepsie , via telephones lines called teleprocessing , the overflow of jobs which could not be processed in NY .
Since we had a deadline to meet , and there many jobs to be teleprocessed to Poughkeepsie , I stacked the multitude of jobs onto the card read feed tray which could hold up to 3000 cards , press start on the computer and the card to tape process started .
When there was a reader check ( the reader detected an error between the read - in and verify brushes ) the operator had to carefully remove the cards in the card read - in hopper so that card sequence integrity was preserved ; remove cards from the top of the read feed tray so that the remaining cards on the tray could be pushed upward so the operator could flush the cards inside the reader .
Now the operator would check the card in error to see if there was a valid reason for the reader check .
If none could be seen , the operator would replace all the cards in proper order and start the reader .
If nothing happened , the card to tape processing would continue .
If the same card had another reader check the job would be eliminated from the job stream , and the programmer was notified .
One night , the reader that was assigned to this task kept giving false reader checks .
It would read five or six cards and reader check the next one .
After performing the procedure described above , the reader would read nine or ten cards and reader check the next card .
I asked my supervisor to have the CEs ( Customer Engineer ) to check the reader out .
I was told the CEs had check during the first shift several times but could not find any reason for the reader checks .
After about the twentieth reader check , with time running out , I did what any good American Do - It - Yourself repairman would do .
( To easing the stress of an eight hour shift on my feet , I purchased a pair of rubber soled shoes .
The sole design reminded me of a newly plowed field with little valleys and sharp peaks which went from side to side on each shoe . )
If it doesnt work after checking it out and finding nothing wrong .
kick it !
That is exactly what I did .
My shoe print was left on the door of the 1401 because of the normal dust found on raised white tile floors in the operations room .
The reader did not malfunction during the remainder of my shift , reading perfectly .
It worked the third shift , the first shift and when I returned to work my shoe print still there and received many thanks from my fellow operators for fixing the reader .
The CEs even were surprised at my solution .
The print remained for a few days but was removed before the CE manager and guests came through on a tour of the operations department .
Due to your web site articles and wondering what , if anything , will be done for the 50th anniversary of the advent of the 1401 , I retrained myself for programming the 1401 and have written a small utility program for it and am 95 % sure it will work if entered into the 1401 .
Yes , I played 1401 computer to test the program out , and yes , it was hard to translate SPS coding into an object deck as we called it in 1962 , but I had FUN .
And this after a 38 year career in IBM Main Frame computer systems design , specification writing , coding , debugging , testing etc .
Commentary ...
July 4 , 2007 :
Edward G. Nilges
13A 6 F 1F Wang Long Village
Yung Shue Wan
Lamma Island
HONG KONG Dear Frank :
As a former IBM 1401 programmer , who debugged an object code only compiler for Fortran after IBM removed support for the 1401 in January 1971 , and who discovered extra precision math and new forms of " modified address " arithmetic on my own , I am actually quite angry to read how the Army had the resources to wastefully set up a " 1401 data center " in the woods of Germany , while my university went begging for resources to teach its students .
This is because the 1401 data center probably did not do much of anything and was a boondoggle .
I admire the hard work and heroism of data processing techs who recovered the 1401 at Da Nang after a Viet Cong rocket attack .
However , at the same time I was learning the 1401 , I was marching against that crazy war , as crazy as the war in Iraq today , where , no doubt , the heroism , self - sacrifice , and hard work of lowly and unglamorous mil- specs is being wasted so officers at flag rank can get promoted , and the worst President in American history can pretend he 's a man .
My direct experience as a data processing professional over the following thirty years was that in America , the civilian sector was systematically starved of time and resources to develop effective and reliable systems for human needs so that our military - industrial establishment could waste money in idiotic ventures from carting a mainframe around in a truck to " Star Wars " .
I discovered in January 1972 the consequence of the macho big talk of IBM customer engineers who had learned as draftees their macho big talk , because one of them had charged my university , a university starved of funds because Roosevelt University had the bad taste to educate working class people and people of color , for " fixing " the IBM 1401 Fortran compiler to work on Roosevelt 's minimal memory configuration ... by using unavailable memory to branch to a subroutine which overlaid the runtime interpreter .
This " fix " had never been tested , but thrown contemptuously at my mathematics professor , who was merely trying to give working class students and students of color their first education in computer science so they could compete with wealthy children at the University of Chicago .
The customer engineer did not even know , and was apparently incurious to discover , that Roosevelt University was paying for and had had the extra hardware to perform multiply and divide in memory .
I removed his " fix " and inserted the correct multiply instruction , and the compiler worked and was subsequently used in classes .
The intellectual incuriosity and sexist talk of the customer engineers ( who liked working at Roosevelt , they said , because it was even then old - fashioned , with a glass window on Michigan Avenue suitable for girlwatching ) was part and partial of a military and corporate quasi-elite which then and now insists on " leading " America into a permanent war in Iraq ( that resulted from a failure of intellectual curiosity as to whether Saddam Husayn had WMDs ) and increasing numbers of Americans tormented on the job and off by data systems constructed by ignorant men , which fail to provide them health insurance , which fail to provide veterans with benefits they earned , and which fail to record their credit history accurately and render their credit record prey to the criminal class .
Lyndon Baines Johnson 's " Great Society " and its glimmer of hope had already disappeared by 1972 , and as a result Roosevelt University and its students were even then increasingly unable to access funds for education or any true human needs , because in 1972 , Nixon 's insane bombing campaign and destabilization of the government of Chile took precedence .
For this reason , I pitched in , working 12 hours a day , keeping Roosevelt University 's IBM 1401 system alive until it could upgrade .
I developed a set of software and procedures for reliable computing that enabled the Registrar to accurately grade students and the Bursar to pay employees , in an era when this meant coding in SPS assembler language for the most part , with the Fortran compiler available for reports .
For this reason , I am appalled to see the military industrial complex and the aging men rejected by this complex celebrate the use of the 1401 to kill four million people in Vietnam .
I am also on record ( on comp.risks ) as questioning the takeover of the Computer Museum in Mountain View by hardware types ( and political conservatives who , inappropriately , insert pro-Bush rants in technical communications ) who are reconstructing the 1401 in hardware , thereby wasting scarce resources , and , possibly , rebuilding toxic technologies , when the Computer Museum could present much more of the " deep " technology of the past in software simulation .
You can read more details of my early adventures with compilation on the 1401 on my book on a modern technology .
It 's " Build Your Own Net Language and Compiler " ( Apress 2004 ) .
I remain convinced that MOST software and hardware efforts in America then and now are not serious technical and intellectual ventures , but boondoggles private and public meant to show that " everything is under control " ... when the incidents in Manhattan in September 2001 , and in Glasgow last week , show that this is n't the case at all , and that perverting technology for shows of force ( if not downright murder , as when data systems are used to track our destruction of targets from the air ) has created the anti-Americanism that today is the norm in other countries .
Very Sincerely Edward G. Nilges
The US Army in Germany of the 1960s was relatively harmless .
A great waste of money and resources for sure , as was the Cold War itself , but it did n't do much more harm than running over the occasional chicken .
As I responded to Edward in 2007 ( we had a lengthy correspondence ) , in 1965 “ the American invasion of the Dominican Republic was a real eye - opener for me ( still a teenager but already in the Army ) , and it came just when Johnson was starting to call up 50,000 kids a month for Viet Nam .
I wondered , what Army am I in ? ” I applied for discharge as a conscientious objector and spent my final year in the Army waiting for them to figure out what to do with the application .
In the end it was denied but by then I only had a few days left and when I got back to the States I was ready - made for the antiwar movement ( and the next antiwar movement , and the next , and the next ... )
Today we see the final result of America 's postwar priorities : much of the Middle East in full collapse , Mexico and Central America turned into killing fields ; the US economy in ruins except for those at the very top ; our political system hell - bent on undoing everything good that was accomplished since FDR took office ; the very planet rapidly becoming a toxic waste dump sinking into a dead sea .
And that 's the short list .
So I 'm on Edward 's side , but this is a computer nostalgia site :-)
Nevertheless , it 's always good to put things in perspective .
Still More Stories ...
Your editor responds , belatedly ( 2015 ) :
From Dave Brown , 6 August 2015 :
I enjoyed reading your page about the IBM 1401 computer .
It brought back memories .
One thing I recall is that the Autocoder instruction " Store B- register " , coded as " SBR " , caused the CPU to emit a very short radio burst that could be picked up by an FM transistor radio set on top of the CPU cabinet .
So there were programs that would play Christmas Carols by issuing SBR's at the frequency per second for each note .
The 1403 printer had its letters on a bicycle - like chain drive with 132 hammers that would hit the characters as they flew by .
One program to test the integrity of the chain was called a " Chain Breaker " .
It would print a line of charters that caused all 132 hammer to fire at the same time which put considerable stress on the chain .
I recall that there was a knob on the printer to advance or retard the hammer - timing , depending on the number of carbon copies that were being printed , otherwise the left - or right - side of each letter would be missing .
And like the SBR instruction , there were programs that would use the firing of the hammers to make notes to play Christmas Carols .
My favorite was the " Little Drummer Boy " .
Photos and quoted text in the first section : From the IBM 1401 Data Processing System Reference Manual A24-1403 -x , courtesy of Brent Radbourne , February 2003 .
Onsite Links :
Offsite Links ( all valid as of 24 Feb 2015 ) :
Last update : Thu Dec 26 06:29:36 2019
Wonders of the deep : Stunning pictures of strange and unique Antarctic sea life
Amazing pictures of Southern Ocean marine life captured by scientists working in the Antarctic were released today .
The inhabitants of the continent 's seas were captured as part of a study on biodiversity carried out by the British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) .
Images of the marine creatures , which were taken in the Bellingshausen Sea , West Antarctica , include ice fish , sea pigs and crustaceans .
The underwater images also show giant sea spiders , rare rays and beautiful basket stars .
Basket Star :
This bloodless creatures weighs 11 pounds and lives for about 35 years
Captured :
An amphipod sandhopper ( left ) and up close and personal with an octopus
Skate : A slow grower , skate is also slow to reproduce and has proven susceptible to overfishing
' Few people realise just how rich in biodiversity the Southern Ocean is - even a single trawl can reveal a fascinating array of weird and wonderful creatures as would be seen on a coral reef , ' said BAS research cruise leader Dr David Barnes .
' These animals are potentially very good indicators of environmental change as many occur in the shallows , which are changing fast , but also in deeper water which will warm much less quickly .
Some like it cold : the Antarctic icefish thriives in waters between - 2C and 4C
We are family :
The isopod crustacean ( left ) is related to the prawn , while comb jellies are a type of jellyfish
' We can now begin to get a better understanding of how the ecosystem will adapt to change .
' Our new studies on the diverse range of marine creatures living in the deep waters of the Bellingshausen Sea will help us build a more complete picture of Antarctica 's marine biodiversity and give us an important baseline against which we can compare future impact on marine life . '
Cucumber and coral :
The sea pig ( left ) is a member of the sea cucumber family , while soft coral can live with much less light than hard coral , but is not suitable for reef - building
Best of both worlds :
The scale worm is a worm like any other , except scales allow it to swim in the chilly Antarctic waters
Kirsty MacColl was the lead female singer on one of the greatest Christmas hits ever written when she sang with Shane MacGowan and the Pogues on ' Fairtytale of New York " in 1987 .
However , this Christmas , MacColl who died in a controversial boating accident in Mexico in 2000 will be remembered in a different way as her supporters have announced the end of the campaign to have the circumstances of her death properly investigated by the Mexican authorities .
On December 18 , 2000 , MacColl was in Cozumel , Mexico with her sons and partner James Knight .
They went diving in a specific area where boats were prohibited from entering .
As the group was coming up from a dive a speedboat entered the restricted waters .
MacColl saw the boat coming at top speed and pushed her son to safety but the boat struck and killed her .
It turned out the boat belonged to one of Mexico 's richest men , Guillermo Gonzalez Nova .
who was on board with several members of his family .
An employee of his claimed to have been driving the boat at the time , but that was hotly disputed by eyewitnesses who claimed it was Nova himself who was driving and proceeding at a dangerous speed .
The employee was convicted of the crime and got a fine of $ 90 in lieu of a prison sentence .
Numerous dignitaries including Shane MacGowan and Bono became part of a " Justice for Kirsty MacColl effort and the BBC made a documentary on the death .
At various times the Mexican governent promised action and to reopen the case but nothing happened .
However , the committee has now been disbanded saying in a statement that they were " successful in achieving most of its aims " and " it is unlikely that any more could be achieved . "
A straight razor is an open blade on a handle and was used before the invention of the safety razor .
Using one involves focusing to reduce the risk of cuts .
Hydrate your face with hot water first and apply shaving soap with a brush .
Hold the blade at an angle against your skin and move in short , controlled strokes .
You ’ll need to pass over your face two or three times and sharpen the blade before your next shave .
Once you ’ve mastered the straight razor , you ’ll be able to give yourself a much closer shave than you ’d ever get with a safety razor .
My goal is to provide readers with high - quality , thought - provoking articles coupled with a stream of outstanding art and illustration sites .
The popularity of this blog and the feedback from my readers tells me that people really like what I 'm doing and want to see it continue .
Your money is not going to make or break me ; but it will give me an incentive to continue publishing for free .
I invite you to use the easiest possible way to donate to this blog .
Through PayPal ( below ) or Twitpay .
Thank you ,
Lethe
P.S. If you would like to sponsor this blog through a larger donation , please send an email to escapeintolife ( AT ) yahoo ( DOT ) com .
It looks like Intel ‘s bid to become a major player in consumer graphics chips has ended in disaster — for now .
The world ’s biggest chip maker has been working for years on Larrabee , a chip with dozens of cores for processing graphics .
It was the company ’s major competitive thrust at Nvidia and the graphics division of Advanced Micro Devices .
But the company has canceled the consumer version of Larrabee , as first reported in the SemiAccurate blog .
“ Larrabee silicon and software development are behind where we had hoped to be at this point in the project , ” said Nick Knupffer , a spokesman for Intel in Santa Clara , Calif .
“ Larrabee will not be a consumer product . ”
In other words , it ’s not entirely dead .
It ’s mostly dead .
Instead of launching the chip in the consumer market , Intel will make it available as a software development platform for both internal and external developers .
Those developers can use it to develop software that can run in high - performance computers .
But Knupffer said that Intel will continue to work on stand - alone graphics chip designs .
He said the company would have more to say about that in 2010 .
The setback will allow Nvidia and AMD to breathe sighs of relief .
Intel was offering a very different architecture that would have competed with the stand - alone graphics chips that those companies make .
In one manner of measurement , Intel said the performance of the initial Larrabee design for “ throughput computing ” applications used in supercomputers is “ extremely promising . ”
The design drew praise and interest at the Game Developers Conference this year .
Evidently , however , the consumer graphics performance was weak .
Intel will still continue to make graphics components that are integrated into PC support chips known as chip sets .
But those are typically not good enough to run high - end 3 - D games and high - resolution videos .
On last night 's Daily Show , Jon Stewart performed a bravura 8 - and - a - half minute monologue in the style of Glenn Beck on the subject of Glenn Beck 's appendicitis .
The highlight is probably the unveiling of the conspiratorial internal organ chalkboard .
All the notes — references to old and discredited texts , the Founding Fathers , transparently phony stabs at nonpartisanship , crying — are hit , though Stewart never quite reaches the operatic unhingedness of a genuine Beck performance .
The glasses are a wonderful touch , though .
Roland Emmerich is a man who seeks closure .
Big time .
The director who blew up the White House in “ Independence Day ’’ - and unleashed a new Ice Age in “ The Day After Tomorrow ’ ’ - goes for the gold , apocalypse - wise , in “ 2012 . ’’
It opens Friday .
More than just a disaster movie , “ 2012 ’’ is an uber - disaster movie .
It offers up nothing less than the end of the world , as predicted by the Mayan calendar ( 2012 is a year , not a truncated ZIP code ) .
The many subsidiary disasters are endured onscreen by John Cusack , Amanda Peet , and the rest of humankind .
Disaster movies have long been a Hollywood cottage industry .
A dark and rather forbidding room in that cottage has belonged to disaster movies that deal with the end of the world .
“ 2012 ’’ may or may not be the end - of - the - world disaster movie to end all end - of - the - world disaster movies .
It ’s certainly not the first .
Murphy ’s
Law states that whatever can go wrong will go wrong .
That formulation might seem to imply there are a lot of ways for the world to end .
Apparently , not at the movies .
Ending the world filmically has tended to fall into four basic categories :
1. EXTRA -TERRESTRIAL INTERVENTION
A comet does the damage , or threatens to , in both “ Deep Impact ’’ ( 1998 ) and “ Night of the Comet ’’ ( 1984 ) .
Another planet wipes out Earth in “ When Worlds Collide ’’ ( 1951 ) , directed by the great cinematographer Rudolph Maté .
Certainly , no end - of - the - world movie has had a better crash - bang title .
Aliens ( not the Lou Dobbs kind ) are a serious threat , too .
Earthlings are usually able to foil them - either comically , as in “ The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy ’’ ( 2005 ) , or violently , as in the two versions of “ War of the Worlds ’’ ( 1953 , 2005 ) .
The destruction wrought in the latter is enormous , though .
The result may not quite be the end of the world but it ’s certainly the end of the world as its inhabitants formerly knew it .
As Nikita Khrushchev once said of what the aftermath of nuclear war would be like , “ The living will envy the dead . ’’
2. BLAME IT ON THE BOMB
This genre flourished during the Cold War .
It was a cinematic two - fer : an opportunity for big - time spectacle combined with high - liberal seriousness .
Actually , it was a three - fer .
Special - effects budgets could be kept low , since all a director needed to indicate worldwide annihilation was stock footage of a mushroom cloud .
Even Roger Corman , no fool he , got in on the act , in “ Day the World Ended ’’ ( 1955 ) .
( Newser ) – It ’s spawned a VH1 reality show , and it ’s a great excuse for philanderers everywhere , but is sex addiction even real ?
Tracy Clark - Flory of Salon was n’t convinced , so she consulted a variety of experts on the subject — many of whom are n't buying .
One sex therapist calls it “ flimsy pop psychology ” that makes perfectly normal people believe they have a problem .
Equating the hit of dopamine delivered during orgasm to drugs like crack , says sex columnist Dan Savage , is just " just ye olde sex negativity on display . "
Sex addiction is a clinical euphemism for " sex they disapprove of for moral reasons , " he adds .
“ These people are missionaries who want to put everyone in the missionary position , ” says another sex therapist .
Focus on the Family , for example , provides “ treatment ” for sex addiction and homosexuality , often conflating the two .
And it 's awfully easy to confuse compulsion and shame , Clark - Flory notes .
" Do you regret last night 's one - night stand because you did it compulsively , without being able to stop , or because you 're afraid of being labeled a slut ? "
( Read more sex addiction stories . )
Articles
In his compelling 2008 book X Films : True Confessions of a Radical Filmmaker , director Alex Cox delivers a powerful insight about modern movie audiences that helps illuminate the bizarre , amnesiac nature of modern political audiences as well .
The book as a whole provides a riveting account of the circumstances surrounding the making of ten films shot by the Liverpudlian director , from his film school days at UCLA in the late seventies to his groundbreaking " microfeature , " Searchers 2.0 , in 2006 .
One of the films put under the microscope of Cox 's affable , witty but hard - hitting analysis is Three Businessmen , from 1998 .
A work of hyper - realistic surrrealism , the film tells the story of two vaguely and dubiously employed salesmen who meet in a Liverpool hotel then set off to find a place to eat -- and somehow traverse the entire earth in a single night , popping up in such places as Tokyo , Rotterdam , and the Spanish desert ( where they meet the titular third companion ) , yet believing all the while they are still just a few blocks from their hotel .
Falling outside recognizable genre categories , the film puzzled many viewers -- and more importantly , many movie execs and money men .
Looking back at its reception , Cox writes :
This brings me to the bigger problems of Three Businessmen -- the way we watch a film .
Consider the scenes with Benny and Frank ( Miguel Sandoval and Cox ) aboard the Metro .
While we 're aboard the train , it 's pretty similar to the Liverpool Merseyrail : a Metro interior is a Metro interior , after all .
The train that Miguel and I boarded in Liverpool was painted yellow ; the train from which we emerged in Rotterdam was green .
You might think this was a pretty clear visual clue : trains do n't change colour , after all .
Yet almost no one in the audience noticed it .
This taught me that people watch films on a shot - by - shot basis .
What they see now , they accept as ' reality ' within the frame ; what was on the screen five minutes ago is already forgotten .
This passage is a near - perfect description of the mechanics of political perception in our day , especially in the land that Gore Vidal famously dubbed the United States of Amnesia .
And how could it be otherwise ?
For almost all of us , politics exists largely ( if not solely ) on the screen -- the television , the computer , the Blackberry , the iPhone .
The electorate is almost entirely an " audience , " and nothing else ; actual political engagement is left to the " experts " : the vicious in - fighters of power - gaming factions ( and the witless sycophants who dance attendance on them in the media , the think tanks and academia ) , and the handful of " cranks , " on both right and left , who still raise hell at public hearings and sometimes even take to the streets -- where they are invariably herded into nice , neat " free speech zones , " far from any point where their " unserious " opinions might inflict discomfort on the powerful .
The flattened images , the passing wads of constantly updated , continually washed away digital text , throw up their limited frames -- without depth , without history , without context -- and imprint them on our chaotic mental receptors with the frantic , primeval urgency of " now " .
Now is all there is , now is all we see , now is what we are relentlessly conditioned to accept .
What color is the train ?
It looks green today .
Was n't it yellow yesterday ?
Maybe not .
Maybe it 's always been green .
Government forces sought to reimpose an iron grip on Tehran and other cities yesterday , a day after Iran was convulsed by violence which left at least eight dead and the Islamic regime facing a crisis of authority .
Plainclothes agents and special police units were reported to be deployed in overwhelming numbers in four of Tehran 's main squares – Enghelab , Haft-e Tir , Valiasr and Ferdowsi – which formed part of the focal point of Sunday 's fierce confrontations .
Three city - centre underground stations were also closed as authorities sought to block off gathering points for protesters .
But skirmishes were reported between opposition supporters and government forces in Haft -e Tir square .
Teargas was said to have been fired at opposition supporters who had gathered outside Ebn-e Sina hospital , where the nephew of the reformist leader Mir Hossein Mousavi was pronounced dead after having being shot on Sunday .
The clampdown followed the arrests of at least 10 senior political figures overnight , including three Mousavi aides and Ebrahim Yazdi , 78 , a former foreign minister and one - time adviser to the late Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , spiritual leader of the 1979 Islamic revolution .
Last night Barack Obama praised " the courage and the conviction of the Iranian people " while condemning the government for attacking demonstrators with " the iron fist of brutality " .
The US president said Iran 's troubles were caused by its leaders ' decision " to govern through fear and tyranny " and demanded " the immediate release of all who have been unjustly detained within Iran " .
The crackdown reprised the response to June 's post-election protests , when many prominent activists were detained after mass demonstrations against President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's disputed re-election .
But they served only to emphasise Iran 's devastated political landscape as opposition figures voiced outrage that Sunday 's Ashura ceremony , a day of reverence for the Shia Islam martyr Imam Hossein , became steeped in blood after security forces allegedly opened fire on demonstrators .
While the government continued to deny that accusation yesterday , witnesses reported that plainclothes Basij militia members had hit protesters ' heads with steel batons in an apparent attempt to inflict fatal injuries .
Family and friends of many of the injured avoided taking them to hospitals , where security agents were waiting to identify and arrest casualties .
Doctors were instead called to people 's homes to administer emergency treatment .
The fatalities raised questions about the religious legitimacy of Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , who stood accused of breaking the basic tenets of Islam by permitting killing during the holy month of Muharram .
Another reformist leader , Mehdi Karroubi , implied that Khamenei was worse than the former shah , whose troops never opened fire on Ashura .
" What has happened to this religious system that it orders the killing of innocent people during the holy day of Ashura ? " Karroubi said .
His comments were echoed by Mohsen Makhmalbaf , the Paris - based Iranian film - maker and unofficial spokesman for Mousavi .
He compared Khamenei to the 7th century Umayyad caliph Yazid , hated in Shia Islam as the slayer of Imam Hossein , and added : " I 'm upset with myself for fighting against the shah .
At least when he realised people did n't want him , he left the country . "
Makhmalbaf 's statement , posted on his website , went further by comparing Khamenei to Saddam Hussein , the former Iraqi leader who is hated in Iran for invading the country in 1980 .
" Khamenei … we are going to pull you up from your Saddam - like well and shed light on your face – but not with the flashlight of an American soldier , " the statement said .
Makhmalbaf also alleged that Ali Mousavi Khamane , the nephew of the reformist leader , had been targeted by state security agents who went to his house to assassinate him .
Suspicions multiplied when the dead man 's relatives accused the security forces of removing his body from Ebn-e Sina hospital , purportedly for a forensic investigation .
Opposition figures suggested the move was intended to prevent the Mousavi family from holding mourning ceremonies , which the government fears could turn into even bigger protests .
Sunday 's violence spread far beyond Tehran .
Disturbances were reported in other cities , including Isfahan , Mashhad , Shiraz and Tabriz , where a further four people were reportedly killed .
More ominously for the government 's authority , clashes were also said to have occurred in smaller cities such as Babol , Arak and Orumiyeh .
Sunday 's scenes evoked memories of the last days of the shah , when demonstrators took to the streets to confront the former monarch 's forces .
However , Hossein Bastani , an Iranian political analyst , warned against drawing parallels with the present situation .
" The shah 's regime collapsed when many members of the army , who were just doing their military service and were really supporters of Khomeini , rebelled and went over to the other side , " he said .
" This regime has learned from that .
They have invested too much in creating their own dedicated forces .
They may be a tiny proportion of Iran 's population , but they are absolutely committed to the Islamic republic , very violent and very efficient . "
( CNN ) --
For most of the past week , when someone typed " Michelle Obama " in the popular search engine Google , one of the first images that came up was a picture of the American first lady altered to resemble a monkey .
On Wednesday morning , the racially offensive image appeared to have been removed from any Google Image searches for " Michelle Obama . "
Google officials could not immediately be reached for comment .
Google faced a firestorm of criticism over the episode .
First , it banned the Web site that posted the photo , saying it could spread a malware virus .
Then , when the image appeared on another Web site , Google let the photo stand .
When a Google image search brought up the photo , an apologetic Google ad occasionally appeared above it .
The ad redirected users to a statement from Google which read , " Sometimes Google search results from the Internet can include disturbing content , even from innocuous queries .
We assure you that the views expressed by such sites are not in any way endorsed by Google . "
The California - based company then explained that search results rely on computer algorithms that take into account thousands of factors .
" The beliefs and preferences of those who work at Google , as well as the opinions of the general public , do not determine or impact our search results , " it said .
The company said that the integrity of its search results is extremely important .
" Accordingly , we do not remove a page from our search results simply because its content is unpopular or because we receive complaints concerning it . "
A user alerted Google to the picture via an online help forum two weeks ago .
The altered image can be found here , although clicking on this link will take users to a photo that many will find offensive .
The Internet was abuzz Tuesday and Wednesday with reaction to the image .
Some online users demanded that the photo be blocked , while others said it should remain on free speech grounds .
" There is no way to defend this heinous incident , " said a Twitter user who gave her name as Alheli Picazo of Calgary , Canada .
" People often claim their right to free speech to mask blatant racism and insulting bigotry and always seem to get away with it , " she told CNN via e-mail .
" When it comes to issues of discrimination , hiding behind free speech just does n't cut it . "
A Twitter user who gave his name as Jerry Wright of Hoboken , New Jersey , disagreed .
" I am absolutely disgusted by this picture , but the Internet has thousands and thousands of offensive images .
Should Google get rid of all of them ?
Where do you draw the line , " he asked CNN via e-mail .
In 2004 , Google posted a similar note of apology when a search for " Jew " pulled up anti-Semitic sites as top results .
Among the factors that Google uses to rank its results is how many sites link to an image or a Web page .
Users have sometimes artificially inflated a search ranking through coordinated efforts , known as " Google bombing . "
With Google letting the Obama image stand , a Twitter user who identified herself as Jill Harper of Indianapolis , Indiana , suggested a different tack : Point out the person who posted the photo .
" Instead of Google deleting the photo , there should be a campaign against the person who posted the photo , " she said by e-mail .
" Make a publicized attack noting the outrage of displaying such an offensive photo .
This way , the person who posted it would feel the public outcry to pull the photo . "
On a bullet - scarred side street in Baghdad ’s downtown , where U.S. Marines famously helped tear down the statue of Saddam Hussein in April of 2003 , an inconspicuous entryway tucked between a steel - shuttered shop and a rickety candy stall leads to a flight of steep concrete stairs .
Rusted water pipes run precariously over and across the poorly lit top step , tripping first - time visitors .
The second - floor landing bottlenecks into a dark , empty hallway .
Women in black abayas hurry across the buckled floor tiles in silence and quickly disappear through an unmarked plywood door on the right .
The decrepit two - bedroom apartment behind this unassuming portal is an essential junction of what activists in Iraq and their U.S. supporters call the Underground Railroad .
This railroad is a small , clandestine network of several shelters , located mostly in Baghdad , for the countless but commonly overlooked victims of the war in Iraq : women who have been raped , battered , or forced into prostitution , and women who , accused of bringing dishonor to their families by having been abused , have been rejected or even threatened with death by their relatives .
These shelters serve women who have nowhere else to turn for help .
Operated despite recurring death threats and lack of government support by a team of 35 Iraqi activists who call themselves the Organization of Women ’s Freedom in Iraq ( OWFI ) , the shelters offer a glint of hope for civil society .
The Underground Railroad was founded in 2004 by Baghdad - born architect - turned - feminist - organizer Yanar Mohammed , head of OWFI , along with MADRE , an international women ’s rights group based in New York .
It provides the only sanctuaries for victims of sexual abuse and domestic violence outside the quasi-autonomous Kurdistan region in northern Iraq , where the local government and nongovernment organizations operate several shelters .
In addition to providing temporary asylum , it helps women resettle in places where their abusers cannot find them easily .
Since its inception , says MADRE policy and communications director Yifat Susskind , the railroad has helped thousands of women .
Several have been transferred to Turkey and at least two now live in the United States , but most of the rescued women have remained in Iraq .
- Advertisement -
Saddam Hussein ’s regime persecuted political dissidents but allowed women personal rights and freedoms ; assaults on women were rare .
But when violence engulfed the country after the U.S. invasion , women became “ the easiest targets , ” says OWFI member Dalal Juma .
Violence against women is now rampant and goes virtually unchecked by Iraq ’s new legal system .
Sexual violence is “ severely under­reported , ” Amnesty International wrote in March , and along with other crimes against women and girls , is usually committed with impunity .
The Healing Process
The healing process is started by sharing .
Release your pain by sharing your experiences of Lotus Notes with the others here using the form below .
Constructive criticism is encouraged ( maybe we can help IBM out ? ) , i know some good old fashion bitchin goes a long way to making me feel better , just keep it clean ….. ish .
Post your error messages , stories of woe ( or success ) both will provide hope or solace .
Now you ready ?
Vent away !
Needle exchange is AIDS prevention that works .
While no one wants to have to put on a condom , every drug user prefers injecting with a clean needle .
In 2003 , an academic review of 99 cities around the world found that cities with needle exchange saw their H.I.V. rates among injecting drug users drop 19 percent a year ; cities without needle exchange had an 8 percent increase per year .
Contrary to popular fears , needle exchange has not led to more drug use or higher crime rates .
Studies have also found that drug addicts participating in needle ­exchanges are more likely to enter rehabilitation programs .
Using needle exchange as part of a comprehensive attack on H.I.V. is endorsed by virtually every relevant United Nations and United States - government agency .
All over the world , however , solid evidence in support of needle exchange is trumped by its risky politics .
Harm reduction is thought by politicians to muddy the message that drug use is bad ; to have authorities handing out needles puts an official stamp of approval on dangerous behavior .
Consider the United States .
In 1988 , Congress passed a ban on the use of federal money for needle exchange ; President Clinton said he supported needle exchange but never lifted the ban , and it remains in effect .
It not only applies to programs inside the United States but also prohibits the U.S. Agency for International Development from financing needle - exchange programs in its AIDS prevention work anywhere in the world .
The administration of George W. Bush made the policy more aggressive , pressuring United Nations agencies to retract their support for needle exchange and excise statements about its efficacy from their literature .
( Today , U.N. agencies again recommend that needle exchange be part of H.I.V.- prevention services for drug users . )
Despite Barack Obama ’s campaign pledge to overturn the ban , his first budget retained it .
The House of Representatives recently passed a bill that would lift the ban — but it includes a provision that would make using federal money for needle exchange virtually impossible in cities , where it is needed most .
There are some parts of the world — Western Europe , Australia , New Zealand — that do widely use harm - reduction strategies , including needle exchange .
And programs have begun even in Iran , of all places , which offers needle exchange and methadone ; its program of giving prisoners methadone is now the world ’s largest .
China is now taking AIDS seriously , beginning to institute government - sponsored harm reduction nationwide .
But the overwhelming majority of drug injectors around the world still have no such access .
Because government financing is so politically unpopular , in most of the 77 countries that offer needle exchange , the programs are run by nongovernmental groups .
As a result , these efforts are small , isolated and often undermined by uncooperative police and health departments .
The world is casting aside the single most effective AIDS prevention strategy we know .
Russia needs needle exchange more than any other country : its H.I.V. epidemic is large , one of the fastest - growing in the world , and perhaps the most dominated by injecting drug use .
Yet the needle - exchange efforts that do exist are scarce , small and under siege .
I traveled there recently to see what lessons they hold .
At 9 p.m. on a May night , in a tough neighborhood in Moscow ’s north , I joined two young men as they climbed the stairs from the Metro.
Arseniy and David were in their late 20s , wearing jeans and baseball caps .
They had arrived to give out clean needles and promote harm reduction — but theirs was a guerrilla effort .
Image Credit ... Raquel Aparicio
Needle exchange is legal in Russia — sort of .
It must follow federal regulations .
The catch is that these regulations do n’t exist : the Federal Drug Control Service , whose top officials have called needle exchange “ nothing more than open propaganda for drugs , ” has been sitting on them for five years .
As a result , no new harm - reduction programs have started during that time .
Old ones continue where local authorities tolerate them , but Moscow ’s government disapproves of needle exchange .
So like their clients , Arseniy and David avoid the police .
One of their clients was Masha , who , like every other drug user I interviewed , talked about police extortion .
It is every addict ’s main fear , but avoiding police shakedowns means only more dangerous injecting : if you fear being caught walking around with a needle , you use the community needle your dealer provides .
PEOPLE’S LAW OFFICE REMAINS COMMITTED TO CLIENTS AND COMMUNITIES
Due to the CoronaVirus / Covid 19 pandemic , all of the staff at the People ’s Law Office are working from our homes .
We are operational and continue our zealous representation of our clients during this difficult time .
There may , however , be a delay in our receiving USPS mail and deliveries and urge all
Specialist fire crews are on their way to the leaking West Atlas oil rig in the Timor Sea which has caught alight .
Oil and gas first started leaking from the West Atlas rig off the north - west coast more than 10 weeks ago .
Since then the company reponsible , PTTEP Australasia , has being trying to intercept the hole using another rig , the West Triton .
After several failed attempts , the company says it was successful this morning .
While it was trying to fill the hole with heavy mud , the West Atlas rig and Montara well head platform caught fire .
All workers are reported to be safe and some staff are being evacuated to the West Triton rig .
In an interview with news agency AFP , a PTTEP Australasia spokeswoman said the leak had not been stopped when the fire broke out .
Authorities ordered to respond
Federal Resources Minister Martin Ferguson says he has told several agencies to do everything possible to stop the fire .
Mr Ferguson says the National Offshore Petroleum Safety Authority has been told to respond to the fire and Geoscience Australia has been put on standby to provide technical support .
The Federal Opposition 's environment spokesman Greg Hunt says the Government must set up an emergency taskforce to deal with the situation .
" We have a leak , we have a fire , we have air pollution , we have marine damage , and now we have an increasing risk of a continuing oil leak which will be even more difficult to stop , " he said .
Full impact unknown
Oil has been spilling into the Timor Sea at an estimated rate of 400 barrels a day since August 21 .
PTTEP Australasia says efforts to stem the leak have already cost the company $ 167 million .
The Federal Government yesterday released a report revealing birds and marine species are at risk from the spill , but it says the full impact can not be immediately determined .
A second , smaller leak in the Timor Sea at East Puffin Field has been running for more than seven weeks , but was only made public last week .
Dell 's Latitude
On quick - boot OS has been available on some of the company 's laptops for a little while now , but it looks like Dell has now found a new way to make those laptops boot fast but be more affordable .
That comes in the form of Latitude On Flash , which an actual flash module that snaps into a mini-card slot in the laptop and makes use of the laptop 's own x86 processor to speed up the boot process instead of a separate ARM chip like current Latitude On systems .
While that switch will still give you a boot time of eight to ten seconds , it apparently comes at some expense to battery life -- although we 're guessing the lower cost ( a $ 50 upgrade , as opposed to a $ 199 one ) will make that trade - off more than acceptable to most users .
Look for the upgrade right now on Dell 's Latitude E4200 , E4300 and Z laptops -- which , incidentally , also come with an updated Gen 2 interface for the Latitude On OS .
The non-doing of any evil , the performance of what 's skillful , the cleansing of one 's own mind : this is the teachingof the Awakened .
•
-- Harold Meyerson , in his Wednesday Washington Post
Harold Meyerson
America 's decade of dread
By Harold Meyerson
Wednesday , December 16 , 2009 ; A19
This decade began and ended in dread .
It began with Wall Street -- the World Trade Center -- targeted for mass murder .
It ends with Main Street fearful and reeling from economic reverses that Wall Street helped create .
It was the decade of distraction .
While the U.S. economy bubbled and then crumbled , the president for eight of the decade 's 10 years embroiled us in a grudge match with Saddam Hussein and then persisted in throwing lives and money into the chaotic conflict that ( as many predicted would happen ) ensued .
The decline of the American middle class was nowhere on his radar screen .
The stocks bubble of the late 1990s was succeeded by a bubble in housing ; these were the engines of our economic growth .
America 's production of goods no longer received the level of investment that had made it the engine of our economic growth from the mid-19th century through the 1970s .
The change began at the outset of the Reagan years , when the percentage of corporate profits retained for new investment dropped sharply .
A report from the International Labor Organization published last week shows where the money went : to shareholder dividends , disproportionately benefiting the wealthy .
In the prosperity years of 1946 to 1979 , dividends constituted 23 percent of profits .
From 1980 to 2008 , they constituted 46 percent .
Finance boomed .
The gap in annual wages between workers at financial companies and workers at non-financial companies , the ILO reports , grew from $ 11,000 in 1989 to $ 40,000 in 2007 .
The financial sector defended this shift by arguing that it had created many innovative financial products -- the very financial products that managed to turn downturn into Great Recession .
In an interview in Monday 's Wall Street Journal , former Fed chief Paul Volcker said that he has " found very little evidence that vast amounts of innovation in financial markets in recent years have had a visible effect on the productivity of the economy . "
He went on to say : " All I know is that the economy was rising very nicely in the 1950s and 1960s without all of these innovations . "
The dread in the land today is n't just a fear of losing your job -- or of your spouse , sister , father or child losing his or hers .
It 's a fear that America has been hollowed out , that we do n't have a sustainable path back to mass prosperity , let alone to economic preeminence .
A poll taken last month for the Council on Foreign Relations ( CFR ) shows that 44 percent of Americans considered China to be the world 's leading economic power , while just 27 percent thought the United States still held that throne .
Such fears can only be intensified by public policies that fail to champion America 's national interests by fostering the flight of investment abroad .
Overcoming some of our national phobia about having an industrial policy , the Obama administration has rightly targeted the renewable energy sector for investment -- a long overdue shift back to real , rather than financial , production .
But we do n't yet have policies to ensure that the real production we 're fostering is done at home .
As Joan Fitzgerald , director of the Law , Policy and Society program at Northeastern University , notes in a recent article , 84 percent of the $ 1.05 billion in federal clean - energy grants distributed since September has gone to foreign wind turbine manufacturers .
Unionized , high - wage Germany and non-unionized , low - wage China both have thriving wind - power industries that profitably export their products to us .
We have shunned policies that bolster domestic production , which is why more Americans are betting on China 's economy than on our own .
The problem is that America 's economic elites have thrived on the financialization and globalization of the economy that have caused the incomes of the vast majority of their fellow Americans to stagnate or decline .
The insecurity that haunts their compatriots is alien to them .
Fully 85 percent of Americans in that CFR - sponsored poll said that protecting U.S. jobs should be a top foreign policy priority , but when the pollsters asked that question of the council 's own members , just 21 percent said that protecting American jobs should be a top concern .
The moral world that we see in that poll is the moral world of Charles Dickens .
Of the elite of his day , he wrote in " Bleak House , " " there is much good in it .
. . . "
But , he continued , " it is a world wrapped up in too much jeweller 's cotton and fine wool , and cannot hear the rushing of the larger worlds , and cannot see them as they circle round the sun .
It is a deadened world , and its growth is sometimes unhealthy for want of air . "
America , at the end of this dreadful decade .
[ All emphasis added . ]
#
All through 1999 and 2000 , smart people kept reminding us that the 21st century would n't begin until Jan. 1 , 2001 , that 2000 was really the last year of thecentury .
Anyone who swallowed that guff , raise your hand .
Just as I thought .
Bystandard , then , not just the year but the first decade of the century is drawing to a close .
Earlier this week the estimablecolumnisthad some interesting reflections on this decade past , which I 've been trying to find an opportunity to share with you .
Through most of the postwar era , which is to say now the second half of the 20th century , America 's middle class has tended to assume that its destiny and economic prospects were basically linked with those of the financial ruling class .
Now , finally , it appears that these folks have learned what our lower economic classes have always known : that the financial elite , famously committed to the economics of " trickle - down , " are willing to share only what 's left over after its own insatiable greed is quenched , which of course it never really is .
The form in which we 've been hearing about this most in recent years is the stupendously inflated gap between rich and poor incomes .
And unfortunately , this looks like a schism that the Obama administration , which seems so clearly committed to protecting above all the economic interests of the financial elites , is singularly ill equipped ( I suppose I should say " ill disposed , " but it amounts to the same thing ) to deal with .
In the meantime we 're facing , most of us , a protracted period of dashed and diminished hopes and expectations .
Labels : economic inequality , Harold Meyerson
I can't take credit for the following research , which came from the great minds inside ESPN , but it clearly should give folks a clear picture of what Stanford running back Toby Gerhart has accomplished this year .
Toby Gerhart has been a battering ram all season for the Cardinal .
Ezra Shaw / Getty Images
One of the uncomfortable parts of making the case for Gerhart is that it requires poking holes in the resumes for the other top candidate , specifically Texas ' Colt McCoy and Florida 's Tim Tebow .
McCoy and Tebow have played well this season .
And both have had historical careers that wo n't be forgotten .
One of them may win the national championship .
But there 's simply not any question which player has had the best season while playing against the best competition .
That 's Gerhart .
Consider some notes , courtesy Chris Fallica , College GameDay researcher .
Gerhart has faced six of the top 46 rushing defenses and gained at least 123 yards against five of them .
His low against those six teams was 96 yards against Oregon State .
In those six games , Gerhart gained 881 yards ( 146.8 ) and ran for 14 TDs .
That average of 146.8 YPG is actually higher than his overall season average of 144.7 YPG .
Gerhart has finished strong .
In his last four games , three of which came against teams currently ranked in the AP Top 20 , Gerhart rushed for 742 yards ( 185.5 YPG ) and 12 TDs .
McCoy also has finished strong but in his last four games , Texas faced zero ranked teams -- two teams that went 1 - 7 in the Big 12 ( Baylor and Kansas ) along with Texas A&M and UCF ( which are 111th and 112th nationally in pass defense ) .
Tebow has finished strong in his last five games but , again , none of those five opponents are ranked .
The stretch consisted of Georgia ( 10th in SEC in scoring defense ) , Vanderbilt ( 2 - 10 , winless in SEC ) , South Carolina , FIU ( 119th in nation in total defense ) and Florida State ( 108th in nation in total defense ) .
In each of the last seven games , Gerhart has rushed for more , individually , than the opposing team has allowed against all other opponents .
Some of the highlights : Gerhart gained 178 yards on a USC defense that has allowed 116.5 rush YPG vs all other teams .
He gained 223 yards on an Oregon team which has allowed 118.3 rush YPG vs everyone else .
Gerhart was at his best when he played the best .
In four games against teams currently ranked , Gerhart rushed for 158.3 YPG and 12 TDs ( against unranked teams , Gerhart ran for 137.9 YPG ) .
Texas has faced only one team currently ranked this season ( No. 22 Oklahoma State ) .
McCoy threw for 171 yards on 16 - of - 21 passing and a TD in a game which the Texas defense / special teams accounted for two TDs .
Florida has also faced only one ranked opponent this year ( No. 15 LSU ) .
Tebow was 11 - 16 for 134 yards with a TD and Int , though that was his first game following a concussion suffered at Kentucky .
Gerhart did n’t pad his stats against bad teams .
Against Washington State and San Jose State ( two of the five worst rush defenses in the country ) , Gerhart gained “ only ” 121 and 113 yards – figures which represent two of his four lowest rushing totals this season .
19 of Colt McCoy ’s 27 TD passes and four of his five best passing games have come against teams which currently do not have a winning record .
Against opponents with winning records , he 's thrown for eight TDs and five Ints .
Tim Tebow ’s last two games accounted for two of his three highest offensive outputs of the season ( 311 vs FSU , 317 vs FIU ) .
As mentioned above , those teams are in the bottom 13 nationally in total defense .
Stanford faced only one team from a non-AQ conference this season ( San Jose State ) .
The other two non-conference opponents were Wake Forest ( ACC ) and Notre Dame .
Stanford also faced nine Pac - 10 opponents .
Texas ’ four non-conference opponents were UL - Monroe , Troy , UTEP and UCF – all from non-AQ conferences .
Florida ’s four non-conference opponents were Charleston Southern , Troy , Florida International and Florida State – three of which are from non-AQ conferences .
The only comparison Gerhart loses ?
Florida and Texas are undefeated , while Stanford has four losses .
Yet the losses were n’t Gerhart ’s fault .
In them , he ran for 109.3 YPG and 8 TD , while Stanford ’s defense allowed 34.8 PPG .
Tebow and McCoy had the luxury of playing with the No. 1 and No. 5 total defense ( Stanford is 85th ) and the No. 1 and No. 9 scoring defense ( Stanford is 65th ) .
Again , this is n't about McCoy and Tebow not being good players or Texas and Florida not being good teams , even though both paths to undefeated were no where near as arduous as what Stanford faced .
It 's simply this .
Gerhart is the most outstanding player in college football , which is what the Heisman Trophy is supposed to recognize .
Sarah Palin is even crazier than I imagined
I have n’t read the former Alaska governor ’s new book , but I see that she ’s already brought the crazy in an interview with ABC News .
" I disagree with the Obama administration " on Israeli settlements , Palin told Barbara Walters .
Fair enough .
It sure seems like the administration ’s heavy focus on getting Benjamin Netanyahu to commit to a settlement freeze has backfired , making the Israeli prime minister more popular than ever and exposing the impotence of Palestinian leader Mamoud Abbas in the process .
But that ’s not what Palin meant .
" I believe that the Jewish settlements should be allowed to be expanded upon , because that population of Israel is , is going to grow , " she continued .
" More and more Jewish people will be flocking to Israel in the days and weeks and months ahead .
And I do n’t think that the Obama administration has any right to tell Israel that the Jewish settlements cannot expand . "
This is , quite frankly , morally and strategically obtuse .
Setting aside the " right " of Israel to take land that the Palestinians see as theirs , as Israeli author Gershom Gorenberg wrote last January in FP , the settlements are hugely problematic for peace :
The message written on the landscape is simple : Every day , the settlements expand .
Every day , Israel grows more entangled in the West Bank .
To a large degree , the Israeli and Palestinian publics have accepted the need for a two - state solution .
But time , and the construction crews , are working against it .
No one knows exactly where the point of no return is — when so many Israelis will have moved into so many homes beyond the pre-1967 border that there is no going back .
But each passing day brings that tipping point nearer .
If a solution is not achieved quickly , it might soon be out of reach .
This is why , from their inception , successive American presidents of both parties have denounced this colonization of the West Bank , although rarely , such as when George H.W.
Bush put real pressure on the Israelis by temporarily holding up loan guarantees , have they done more about it than talk .
Even George W. Bush , the bulk of whose Israel policy can be fairly summed up as " Let Ariel Sharon do what he wants , " at least expressed his displeasure over the settlements every now and again .
So Palin is way out there on the lunatic fringe , supporting an Israeli policy that all serious people understand to be deeply corrosive to the prospects for peace and to Israel itself .
But I ’d also note that her lack of precision in talking about the issue , while hardly surprising , betrays a continued lack of familiarity with even the most basic nuances of the conflict .
She does n’t , for instance , make any distinction between existing settlements and new ones , which is at the heart of the debate right now .
It ’s depressing to think that this lazy , uninformed woman might have been a heartbeat away from the presidency .
Posted by John , December 28th , 2009 - under Socialism .
Tags : 2009 , Capitalism , Continuity
2009 was seemingly the perfect example of that old conservative saying : plus ça change , plus c’est la même chose , or roughly translated , the more things change , the more they stay the same .
Continuity is very much the theme for 2009 .
In the United States Obama continued the policies of his predecessor , George W Bush .
In Australia the Rudd Government has continued the work of the previous Howard government , but in a more nuanced and less confrontational manner so far .
The polluting profiteers had a big win at Copenhagen , but that continues the last 250 years of capitalist policies .
Imperialist competition between the US and China destroyed the summit , an outcome that suits both major powers .
The success of the world economy over the last decade laid the groundwork for the misnamed global financial crisis , whch although it seems to have by - passed Australia at the moment , continues to destroy jobs and capital across Europe and North America .
The bail out of the banks continues the logic of state interventions for the past 30 years and the victory of neo-liberalism with keynesian characteristics .
The economic crisis saw the number of people malnourished or starving increase to 2 billion while food production rose .
Imperialist wars continued to wreak destruction on Iraq , Afghanistan and spread into Pakistan .
Yemen will be the next battle front , although US bases in Columbia might see the commander in chief of terror toy with the idea of imposing a Pinochet solution on countries like Venezuela and Bolivia and the overthrow of the radical nationalist leaderships .
And of course there is always Palestine – the true nature of US imperialism and its Israeli attack dog revealed for all the world to see in Operation Cast Lead and the blockade of Gaza , entrapping 1.5 million in a concentration camp .
The slow genocide of the Palestinians continues , with the chief barracker Obama urging his killers on .
Chinese imperialism continued its seemingly inexorable growth , and the Australian state and sections of the bourgeoisie juggled their relationship between it and American imperialism .
While we will trade with the devil , our defence white paper identified China as a future military threat .
This will push us closer to that other devil , US imperialism , while selling minerals and energy to the Chinese .
Of course , Chinese capitalism , with its on - going rapid capitalisation , is sowing the seeds for a future collapse of its general rate of profit and the social turmoil that may produce .
In Australia the Government and Opposition fought a fake war over climate change .
This battle between the do - nothings and the deniers is Copenhagen writ small , with the same result .
The trade union leadership in Australia continues its class collaborationist policies , this time in the guise of support for the Labor Government on a range of matters , especially the ALP ’s Workchoices lite .
But all is not dark in the kingdom of capitalism .
As a response to the economic crisis , mass strikes and demonstrations in France , Greece , Ireland , Iceland and some Eastern European countries broke out .
The dictatorship in Iran faces an upsurge of popular opposition much like the Shah in 1978 and 79 .
If workers there set up workers councils to run society as part of their struggle we could witness the birth of a new society for humanity .
The Uighurs and Tibetans continued to resist Chinese domination .
The Afghans continued their fight against the foreign invaders .
Millions realised the failure of Copenhagen was a failure of the system , not just the individuals involved and some could be swept into action to save the planet .
In Australia strikes began to re-appear as a tool to win just claims while the bosses , perhaps drunk on their successes of the last decades , resisted them .
Our hope must be that isolated strike incidents become generalised responses .
Humanity faces economic and environmental crises .
Only a fundamental democratic re-ordering of the way goods and service are produced can address those crises and feed all of us .
We workers have that power .
As the bourgeoisie prove incapable of dealing with their economic and environmental breakdowns , 2010 could be the year in which we turn their continuity into systemic discontinuity and witness the seeds being sown for a new democratic society to satisfy human need .
8 Pittsburgh Steelers
Losing three games to teams with a combined 9 - 28 record certainly qualifies as a bumpy road .
Talk about going from the penthouse to the outhouse .
7 Oakland Raiders
Had JaDreadful Russell been benched sooner , the Raiders could have been in the playoff hunt .
Is there finally hope for Raider Nation ?
6 Washington Redskins
Coulda , woulda , shoulda … but the Redkins definitely should have handed the undefeated New Orleans Saints team its first lost of the season .
Did n’t happen though and the Skins are now 3 - 9 .
5 Detroit Lions
A record of 2 -10 is better than being winless … but it still sucks .
The Lions have some talent on offense , but will need to get better defensively next season .
4 Kansas City Chiefs
Exceptional at one thing this year … getting blown out .
We personally watched the Chargers obliterate them two weeks ago and the Broncos did the same thing last weekend .
Just a putrid football team .
3 Cleveland Browns
Played reasonably well in the second half against the Chargers on Sunday and carried that over to a victory against the Steelers .
Maybe Eric Mangini will be keeping his job after all .
Ahhhh…no he wo n’t .
2 Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Perhaps there is a reason that there has never been a professional coach named Raheem .
Josh Freeman is a promising young quarterback , but throwing five interceptions is always a recipe for disaster .
1 St. Louis Rams
This team is Stephen Jackson and a dog shit taco .
Kyle Boller might have hooked up with Carrie Prejean , but he has n’t hooked up with many of his no -name receivers on the football field .
It has been ugly with a capital U for the Rams once again this year .
Addiction is n't a choice ,
but getting help is .
Treatment for Alcohol and Drug Addiction
There 's a lighter way ..
. together
Treatment for Depression
Healing begins when pain is
shared with someone who cares
Treatment for Trauma
Welcome to Casa Palmera – where life begins again .
Casa Palmera is a nationally recognized subacute residential treatment center in San Diego , California offering drug rehabilitation , treatment for alcohol addiction as well as treatment for mood disorders and anxiety and trauma disorders .
Casa Palmera is staffed with a diverse team of psychiatrists , psychologists and therapists who work together to help each patient move forward within a caring community .
We design individualized treatment plans and apply a holistic approach in a world class healing environment .
While offering drug and alcohol rehab in San Diego , Casa Palmera also provides treatment to patients from Los Angeles , Orange County and across the United States .
I can’t believe it ’s less than two weeks until Christmas .
It just kinda sneaked up on me .
Speaking to Edge at the London Games Conference , Sony ’s Pete Edwards has admitted that PlayStation Home no longer has “ priority ” status , saying that the firm has proved that there is a market for the online community and no longer sees its development as its first concern .
“ It ’s been a long road , ” he said .
“ We ’ve proved there is a market out there and we ’ve got a lot of people that spend a lot of time in [ Home ] . ”
“ It ’s not a priority right now but there is a business model there . ”
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
I ’m not really sure what he means by those statements , and with the Edge website currently down for maintenance it ’s tricky to get more from the quotes saved .
I ’m presuming he means that actually developing for Home is n’t a priority anymore for SCEE , but courting publishers and developers to create their own content will still be up there on the to - do list .
We ’ll try and clarify .
Enlarge By U.S. Army Staff Sgt. Mark Burrell via Reuters Army Spc. Nicholas Pieniazek of Delanson , N.Y. , tries to block a shot by an Iraqi soldier during a recent soccer game at a post southeast of Baghdad .
Improved security has created free time for U.S. troops .
CONTINGENCY OPERATING BASE ADDER , Iraq  Pfc. Adrian Vesik heard that war could be hell .
He was happy to discover when he arrived in Iraq earlier this year that his war experience also would include salsa dancing , yoga and martial - arts classes .
" When I signed up for the Army , I thought I was going to be a hero — go out and do some fighting , " says Vesik , 19 , during a break at a Filipino - Okinawan jujitsu class .
" I have n't come close to doing anything that I was trained to do .
I work , maybe , four to five hours a day .
I have time to try all these new things .
It 's not so bad . "
Because of new rules that require Iraqi approval for all U.S. missions , and a general decline in violence nationwide , many of the 117,000 U.S. troops stationed in Iraq say they now have more idle time than at any previous point in the six - year war .
Combat is still a daily reality in some parts of Iraq , and U.S. troops are being killed here at a rate of about one a week .
But for many troops in places such as this large military base in southern Iraq , traditional soldiering such as kicking down doors and searching for roadside bombs has at least partly given way to book clubs , karaoke nights , sports and distance - learning university programs .
HOW IT WAS : Photos , video from Ramadi in 2005 SECURITY : Number of Iraq attacks drops 85 % BEHIND THE NUMBERS : U.S. casualties in Iraq , Afghanistan and beyond LEAVING IRAQ : Withdrawal date approaches PRESIDENT : Obama sticks to pullout plan Many troops express relief at the diminished threat of injury or death .
Yet some say they have struggled with depression because they do n't feel like they are doing enough .
Others say they are frustrated by the sense they 're being underutilized — particularly at a time when their comrades in Afghanistan are struggling to beat back the Taliban .
" It 's been hard to get used to how much things have changed , " says Army Staff Sgt. Wayne Kersh , 31 , of St. George , Utah , who is on his third deployment in Iraq .
" During the other tours , we were always going .
You went on patrol , you ate , you slept , and then you did it again .
You never had to think about keeping a soldier occupied . "
The improvement in Iraq 's security recently prompted Gen. Ray Odierno , the top commander here , to accelerate the pace of sending troops home .
He announced last month that 4,000 more troops — about the size of an Army brigade — will be going home by the end of October .
Even more will leave next year , until only 50,000 troops remain after Sept. 1 , and the rest are to be gone by the end of 2011 .
The drawdown is occurring as President Obama is evaluating a request for more troops in Afghanistan .
Simply shifting troops from one war to another is difficult because of specialized training needs , transport logistics and other factors .
But a smaller force in Iraq should , over time , free up the manpower to increase forces in Afghanistan , should Obama decide that is necessary .
" An accelerated drawdown in Iraq would give the Pentagon more flexibility to meet the force requirements for Afghanistan , even if no troops were transferred directly between the two theaters of war , " says James Phillips , an analyst at the Heritage Foundation , a Washington think tank .
This week , Odierno canceled the deployment of a brigade scheduled to arrive in Iraq next January .
The Pentagon has no plans yet to send that unit to Afghanistan .
But Phillips says that brigade likely will be sent there .
The USA is still spending about $ 7.3 billion a month on the Iraq war , training Iraqi troops , providing security and assisting Iraqi forces as they target insurgents responsible for bombings and other attacks .
Yet , there has been a more relaxed atmosphere , particularly since June 30 , when U.S. forces had to leave Iraqi cities and towns as part of the security agreement between the two countries .
Even in rural areas , all combat operations are led by Iraqi soldiers and police ; U.S. troops are asked only to provide minimal support .
Such progress means U.S. troops leave their bases less frequently .
And when they do , it 's to train Iraqi troops or to meet with community leaders about civic projects .
Lt. Col. Jay Gallivan , who commands the Army battalion that advises Iraqi Security Forces in the southern provinces of Dhi Qar and Muthanna , says there is an ongoing debate over where U.S. troops can best be used .
He says the current number of troops here is adequate to train and assist the Iraqis .
" As forces depart , you have to start asking the question of what are things you do n't do , " Gallivan says .
Sgt. Jonathan Blanton , 23 , says he fell into a depression during his first days here because he expected more action and wondered why he was even needed .
On his previous tour in Iraq , during the massive U.S. troop increase in 2007 , Blanton 's infantry unit fought in some pitched battles in the restive city of Baqouba , and he was wounded by a roadside bomb north of Baghdad .
He was expecting more of the same this time .
" I felt like many of the infantrymen , " says Blanton , of New Summerfield , Texas .
" Any Joe will tell you we 're not doing what we 're supposed to do — we 're not kicking down doors .
But I eventually came to understand that things have changed .
That part of the war is over , and that 's a good thing . "
U.S. troops — particularly here in relatively peaceful southern Iraq — are seldom involved in combat operations these days , says Col .
Peter Newell , who commands more than 4,000 soldiers in an advisory brigade to the Iraqi security forces in an area the size of South Carolina .
" For the young soldier who thought he would be kicking down doors , I 'm sure it can be disappointing , " says Newell , who fought in the violent siege of Fallujah , Iraq , in 2004 .
Yet , the work remains intense for his brigade leaders , Newell says , as they focus on training Iraqi police and army units so they are adequately prepared to take over when the U.S. military leaves Iraq .
" I would say this mission might be less physically exhausting than previous tours , but for senior leaders we 're in a period that is more mentally exhausting than the war has ever been , " he says .
Passing the time Sgt. Neil Gussman , 56 , came to Iraq knowing that deployments can be filled with torturously slow periods waiting for something to happen .
Gussman , who enlisted in 1972 and later joined the Pennsylvania National Guard in 2007 — after a 23 - year hiatus from the military — recalls that when he served in Germany in the late 1970s , the Army would occasionally show a movie for soldiers in the field .
They mostly killed time by reading .
In Iraq , he was surprised to see few soldiers reading for pleasure , so he started two book clubs .
One , called Beyond Narnia , reviews essays by C.S. Lewis , who wrote the children 's series , The Chronicles of Narnia .
Lewis ' religious themes have made the club popular with chaplains here at Adder , Gussman says .
The other club , the Dead Poets Society , is reading the works of Dante and Virgil .
At one recent meeting , soldiers debated the notion of romantic love , a concept that Gussman argues was first introduced in Virgil 's Aeneid .
The soldiers discussed whether marrying for love was logical , and whether some of the Iraqis they 've met have it better through their arranged marriages , Gussman says .
" When I asked if any of them wanted the group to arrange a marriage for them , there were n't any takers , " Gussman jokes .
While the book clubs are heady endeavors , Chief Warrant Officer John Dorman might have them outdone .
The former helicopter pilot is using his spare time to teach himself calculus and advanced geometry .
His office is littered with origami figures he 's made to study the tetrahedron , math textbooks and a white board covered with formulas and diagrams unrelated to his job as a human resources administrator in Iraq .
Dorman , 32 , of Orlando , says he has a fairly busy work schedule most days and regularly puts in 12 - hour shifts .
That still leaves him with 12 hours to fill , and Army life is free of many of the routine chores of home life .
" I have plenty of time to focus on this , " says Dorman , who is considering becoming a math professor once he gets out of the Army .
" Working on this stuff helps me get away from it all .
It 's a good distraction . "
Dancing and fighting Each night , as many as 15 soldiers gather for mixed martial arts training at what has been dubbed the " fight club . "
On a recent evening , advanced students of Army Staff Sgt. Aaron Martinez are drenched in sweat after several hours of intense exercise .
One of the last drills of the night requires one fighter to try to unlock himself from an opponent and then knee him in the face .
One of Martinez 's students quickly bloodies his sparring partner 's nose .
The injured soldier shakes it off , and the class resumes .
" This is a huge stress relief , " Martinez says .
" It 's a great way for some of these guys to blow off steam . "
The most popular spot on this base , which houses more than 8,000 people from all five branches of the military , seems to be 6 Pazzi — an Italian restaurant with an outdoor dance floor surrounded by 10 - foot - high blast walls .
Three nights a week , troops wearing T - shirts and training shorts come to dance salsa , merengue and bachata .
Weekly hip - hop and country music nights also are held .
The dance floor is basically a concrete patio , and the only decoration is a neon palm tree .
That 's enough for troops to forget for a couple of hours that they 're in Iraq , says Pfc. Lisandro Lantigua , 19 , of Corona , Calif. , who spends much of his day preparing containers of military equipment to be shipped back to the U.S. or sent to Afghanistan .
Lantigua says his work likely will get busier in a few months as the U.S. begins to withdraw from Iraq .
For now , he wants to take advantage of the down time .
Salsa night is one of his favorites .
Crowds gather early , and by 9 p.m. most tables are filled with soldiers drinking non-alcoholic beer and smoking from hookahs .
Lantigua and his buddy , Sgt. Hector Saillant , 29 , of Albuquerque , are regulars and snag a table .
On this night , Lantigua is eyeing a dark - haired soldier .
After a couple of hours of watching her , he asks her to dance .
After one song , Lantigua rejoins Saillant , who is surprised that his friend returns so soon .
" She 's ( based ) up in Baghdad , " Lantigua explains .
" She 's just down here for tonight . "
Across the floor , Sgt. Mark Lewin , 28 , a Miami native on his second tour in Iraq , is dancing with Pfc. Bianca Peralta , 19 , of San Antonio , who is just a few weeks into her first deployment .
Peralta says she was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere on the base , while Lewin says he is still overcoming his initial shock about how much more relaxed the situation seems .
" On my last tour , I was sleeping in my Humvee most of the time , " Lewin says .
" These deployments are long ; anything that can provide a little distraction is great . " a recent soccer game at a post southeast of Baghdad .
Improved security has created free time for troops .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
EARLIER this year , America 's Transportation Security Administration , the agency responsible for airport security , published an improperly redacted version of its operating manual on the internet .
After travel blogger Seth Miller noticed the error and another blog , Boing Boing , publicized it , the agency finally admitted the mistake to the Washington Post on Wednesday .
Here 's the Post 's summary of what got leaked :
The 93 - page TSA operating manual details procedures for screening passengers and checked baggage , such as technical settings used by X - ray machines and explosives detectors .
It also includes pictures of credentials used by members of Congress , CIA employees and federal air marshals , and it identifies 12 countries whose passport holders are automatically subjected to added scrutiny .
On Monday , the TSA posted a response to the news on its blog :
TSA has learned that an outdated version of our Standard Operating Procedures document had been improperly posted to the Federal Business Opportunities Web site .
TSA took swift action to remove the document when this was discovered .
The version of the document that was posted was neither implemented nor issued to the workforce .
In fact , there have been six newer versions of the document since this version was drafted .
Standard Operating Procedures change regularly as intelligence provides information on new threats and we find better ways improve security .
So how did this mistake happen ?
TSA 's employees do n't know how to properly redact Adobe PDFs .
Boing Boing 's Cory Doctorow explains :
Unfortunately , the security geniuses at the DHS do n't know that drawing black blocks over the words you want to eliminate from your PDF does n't actually make the words go away , and can be defeated by nefarious al Qaeda operatives through a complex technique known as ctrl - a / ctrl - c / ctrl -v .
Thankfully , only the most elite terrorists would be capable of matching wits with the technology brilliance on display at the agency charged with defending our nation 's skies by ensuring that imaginary hair - gel bombs are kept off of airplanes .
Harsh words .
But this is serious business .
Over at the Atlantic , Marc Ambinder asks whether the TSA 's mistake compromised a secret intelligence program , WOMAP .
( A senior intelligence official tells Ambinder that the damage wo n't be " significant " or " lasting . " )
In any case , it 's high time that Adobe send some folks over to DHS for some refresher training on Acrobat .
Properly trained employees would n't have made such a silly mistake .
Until now , home cooks wanting to try the method have had to improvise , with solutions from low - tech ( a stockpot and a handful of ice cubes ) to high ( a chamber sealer and an immersion circulator , generating about $ 1,500 in start - up costs ) .
But there seems to be an audience , however small , for an easier and cheaper way .
The first 500 SousVide Supreme machines sold out via the Internet before shipping in November , according to the manufacturers .
More are on the way , available for order online now , and scheduled to reach Sur la Table warehouses in January .
I recently spent a week with the device , basically a bread - machine - size hot - water bath , with simple , intuitive temperature controls .
The heavy , boxy countertop unit and the long cooking times of some sous - vide recipes ( up to two days ) are not always inviting .
But simple dishes like skirt steak were , as promised , transformed .
Image Lamb cooked in the new SousVide Supreme .
Credit ... Evan Sung for The New York Times
Oven - baked apples usually have good flavor but a mealy , exhausted texture .
To test the machine , I combined peeled apples with butter , spices , brown sugar and raisins , then sucked the air out of the bags with a handheld sealer .
( The SousVide Supreme is not sold with a vacuum seal system . )
Because of renegade air bubbles , I had to force the bags underwater , and there was splashing , scalding and profanity .
Even so , the apples that emerged six hours later ( they were done after two , but bobbed in the water for another four without complaint ) were exactly as hoped for : tender , almost custardy , infused with butter and sweet juice but not at all overcooked .
While the apples were in , I scouted to see if I could slip in some whole eggs ( sous vide is the reason there are so many beautifully slow - poached eggs on menus these days ) .
But no : the apples demanded a 170 - degree cooking temperature , and eggs prefer 150 ; the machine generally can’t cook two different foods at the same time .
went out there an understudy .
She came back a tough cookie .
And a showbiz disaster became a " beautiful theatrical moment , and the actors onstage and the 2,700 people in the audience shared something . "
That 's how Clark recalled it all Wednesday .
On Tuesday night , in the midst of the quietest moment in the hugely popular Broadway tour of " Wicked " at the State Theatre in PlayhouseSquare , a drunken , obscenity - filled brawl broke out in the audience , tour manager Steve Quinn said .
Clark , a standby filling in as Elphaba , the green witch , had to make a quick decision as police and others scuffled with -- and eventually handcuffed and forcibly removed -- a screaming woman in the audience , Quinn said .
Clark could have followed Hugh Jackman and Patti LuPone , who recently stopped shows when cell phones rang in the audience .
Instead , Clark sang the sad , beautiful " I'm Not That Girl " despite the increasing volume and invective , until the perpetrator was dragged out kicking .
" I thought , ' If the show stops , then she wins .
If I go on , she loses . ' "
As Clark sang the last notes in the newly minted silence , the audience rose to give her an ovation that " felt like a whole minute , and I guess I kind of took a bow .
It was very magical . "
As for the other woman in the tale , Cleveland police identified her as Kathleen Holmes , 49 , of Rock Creek .
She was charged with two misdemeanors , and would have been released if she had n't attacked the booking officer , police said .
She was charged with felonious assault and was in jail Wednesday night .
Holmes will get her chance to sing this morning , when she 's due to be in the audience of a judge .
BONUS VIDEO : Hugh Jackman stops a show because of a cell phone ringing :
“ If you do n’t put yourself in a position where you can act on the pressure track , you ’ll be less likely to have the engagement track work , ” said a high - ranking administration official , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the delicacy of the matter .
“ The key is for the Iranians to see both sides of this . ”
To that end , he said , the United States is refusing to take any measures off the table , even an embargo of gasoline and other refined fuel .
European countries fear such measures would inflict misery on the Iranian people by creating shortages that would make them angry at the West and drive them into the arms of an unpopular government .
“ We ’re not going to be in the business of pre-emptively excluding anything , ” the American official said .
“ The key is not what ought to have an impact on them , but what in their eyes will have the most impact on them . ”
For several months , officials said , the administration has been talking with other countries about a list of potential sanctions against Iran .
Congress is weighing legislation to expand financial sanctions , while the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , Representative Howard L. Berman , Democrat of California , is pushing a bill that would levy sanctions on foreign companies that export gasoline to Iran .
Existing sanctions have had some practical consequences .
In Tehran , the power goes out regularly , a result of a shortage of electricity generators , which are on the list of prohibited goods because of their potential for military use .
That did not happen even a decade ago .
Still , the experience of the United States in policing its own unilateral economic sanctions  which were imposed after the 1979 hostage crisis and expanded several times since then  shows that restrictions are more likely to drive up prices of banned foreign goods than to stop them totally from flowing into Iran .
The world is full of rogue nations and smugglers skilled at hiding illicit goods in the vast stream of global trade , and other nations may not be as willing as the United States to police sanctions rigorously .
The guilty plea by the Dutch avionics company late last month was just the latest in a string of indictments against several hundred such defendants since 2007 , when the Bush administration significantly increased efforts to enforce the United States ’ own trade restrictions with nations like Iran .
It 's still an elusive target for our old friend Mr. Blurrycam , but
We just got some basic specs on the new , decidedly more newspaper - and college textbook - friendly Amazon Kindle DX .
Here 's what we know : it 's got a 9.7 - inch display ( as opposed to the current six - inch unit ) , a long - requested built - in PDF reader , and the ability to add annotations in addition to notes and highlights -- whatever that means .
We 're also hearing that New York Times will be offering a $ 9.95 / month subscription , a little lower than the current $ 13.99 .
Honestly , that all sounds to us like this really is just a Kindle with a larger screen , not the newspaper savior it 's being hyped as , but ol ' Jeffy B. might still have surprises in store , so we 'll see .
Seriously , can't Wednesday just hurry up and get here already ?
Looks like Mssr. BC decided to throw down -- check out some pics in the gallery !
Some more details care of the Wall Street Journal .
Chief information officer for Cleveland - based Case Western Reserve University -- the college whose president will be taking the stage with Jeff Bezos -- Lev Gonick said select students are being issued the new , larger screen Kindles ( does n't specify DX ) in the fall semester with pre-installed textbooks for chemistry , computer science and a freshman seminar .
Five other universities including Pace , Princeton , Reed , Arizona State , and Darden School at the University of Virginia are also said to be signed up for the trial .
As for the new details on the device itself , the report states it 's got a more functional web browser , with no word on how that 'll jibe with Whispernet .
In the back it it says Wystie and her ( ? ) new husband were travelling were honeymooning in Hawaii when they got me these cool gifts .
Congratulations to them .
Aloha !
The debate about the social acceptability of alcohol over cannabis is a slurred , slightly incoherent one that has been going on for years .
Each substance inflicts its own damage on the user .
But what about those of us who use neither very much ?
Which do we prefer ?
After all , a city centre could never be over - run by doped - up students ; they'd be in their rooms , being somnolent and boring .
They might be developing psychotic illnesses , but at least they are n't peeing on our walls .
Retired Gen. Wesley Clark — the onetime Democratic candidate for president — told Congress Tuesday in little - reported remarks that the United States should begin planning for an exit from Afghanistan , breaking ranks with Obama ’s current Afghan commander Gen. Stanley McChrystal .
The former Supreme Allied Commander of US forces Europe reminded Congress of the “ legacy of Vietnam ” in considering the US strategy in Afghanistan .
Obama ’s commanders have called for an increase of as many as 60,000 troops in the war - torn country .
ADVERTISEMENT
You ’ve got to “ figure out where you ’re going , ” Clark told the House Armed Services subcommittee on oversight and investigations .
“ How do we get out of here ?
Because our presence long term there is not a good thing .
We ’re playing into the hands of people who do n’t like foreigners in a country that ’s not tolerant of diversity .
And that ’s not going to change . ”
Clark pressed Congress to begin devising an exit strategy from the country .
He said that the US should strengthen its relationship with Pakistan and work with the Pakistani government to target al Qaeda , while diminishing its presence in neighboring Afghanistan .
He also argued that economic development in Afghanistan was important .
If the US were to increase its forces in Afghanistan , Clark said , a exit strategy should be in place first .
“ The legacy of Vietnam really looms over these discussions , ” Clark said .
“ It ’s particularly painful for me to see where we are in Afghanistan . ”
Clark commanded an infantry battalion during the Vietnam War and was shot four times .
He was awarded a Silver Star for his efforts in battle .
ADVERTISEMENT
The retired general said he preferred a “ minimalist ” approach that would subvert Afghan terrorism , as some Democrats , including Vice President Joe Biden , have argued .
Biden has asserted that the US should draw down its Afghan military presence and focus on the Taliban , while taking the fight to al Qaeda .
A Committee Democrat criticized Clark ’s approach , saying a focus on rebuilding Afghanistan was akin to former Vice President Dick Cheney ’s approach to Iraq .
Clark replied : “ I ’m not sure what the Cheney solution was to Iraq , but I ca n’t associate myself with it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The primary issue , ” Clark said , “ is get the stategy exactly right . ”
Enlarge by P. Holm , AP Charts shows number of people unemployed per job opening available since WASHINGTON 
The number of job seekers competing for each opening has reached the highest point since the recession began , according to government data released Friday .
The employment crisis is expected to worsen as companies stay reluctant to hire .
Many economists expect a jobless recovery , putting pressure on President Barack Obama and congressional Democrats to stimulate job creation .
There are about 6.3 unemployed workers competing , on average , for each job opening , a Labor Department report shows .
That 's the most since the department began tracking job openings nine years ago , and up from only 1.7 workers when the recession began in December 2007 .
The highest point after the 2001 recession was 2.8 workers per opening in July 2003 , as the economy suffered through a jobless recovery .
Employers have cut a net total of 7.2 million jobs during the downturn .
While layoffs are slowing , Friday 's report shows the other critical piece of a labor market recovery -- hiring -- has yet to begin .
" Fewer people are facing job loss , " said Heidi Shierholz , an economist at Economic Policy Institute in Washington , " but once you have lost your job , you are in serious trouble . "
The department 's Job Openings and Labor Turnover survey found less than 2.4 million openings in August , the latest data available .
That may seem like a lot of jobs , but it 's down from 3.7 million a year ago and half its peak in June 2007 .
It 's also the lowest tally on nine years of government records .
At the same time , the number of unemployed Americans doubled from the beginning of the recession to 14.9 million in August .
Economists fear the job market will take years to recover .
Shierholz said the economy faces a " jobs gap " of almost 10 million -- the 7.2 million jobs lost plus the roughly 125,000 per month that would have been needed since the recession began just to keep up with population growth .
To close that gap and get back to pre-recession levels in two years would require more than 500,000 new jobs per month , a pace of job creation that has n't been seen since 1950 - 51 , Shierholz said .
Most analysts expect the nation to keep losing jobs through this year and the unemployment rate to peak above 10 percent by the middle of next year , even as the economy starts to recover .
" The recovery in output continues to be unaccompanied by a recovery in jobs , " said Nigel Gault , chief U.S. economist for IHS Global Insight .
He expects the unemployment rate , currently at 9.8 percent , will be at 8.6 percent in 2012 .
Cynthia Rosso , a Potomac Falls , Va. - based marketing and communications professional laid off in March , is painfully aware of the competition she faces .
A networking group where she once announced jobs she was trying to fill as a manager is now dominated by people looking for work .
" Very few people get up and say , ' I have a job to offer , ' " she said .
Rosso went to a job fair over the summer but turned back after seeing a line snaking around the building .
She later heard that 3,000 job seekers showed up to vie for the attention of a handful of employers .
The jobs crisis is likely to have political repercussions .
The last time the unemployment rate topped 10 percent , in 1982 , President Ronald Reagan 's Republican party lost 26 seats in midterm elections .
Congressional Democrats are working on various proposals to both provide relief to the unemployed and create jobs .
The House and Senate have both agreed to extend jobless benefits , though the two bills have to be reconciled .
House and Senate leaders also are considering extending an $ 8,000 tax credit for first - time homebuyers , and creating a new credit for companies that add jobs .
Still , Republicans in Congress say rising joblessness and the talk of additional policy moves demonstrates that the administration 's $ 787 billion stimulus package has n't worked .
Administration officials contend that job losses would have been worse without it .
The Federal Reserve , meanwhile , is expected to keep the short - term interest rate it controls at a record low near zero until sometime next year , in an effort to bolster the economy .
High unemployment makes price hikes less likely , but some analysts fear inflation could result if the Fed waits too long to raise rates .
Economists offer several reasons why companies are n't hiring .
Many employers laid off huge numbers of workers earlier this year but have since found that productivity jumped , enabling them to maintain output .
" For now , many of them are trying to find out how far they can push that , " Gault said .
Many employers also are unsure about whether the economy can continue to grow once the impact of government stimulus fades and are n't likely to hire until that uncertainty eases , Gault said .
Efforts by the administration to reform health care and address climate change also create uncertainty among businesses about whether they 'll soon be facing higher costs , according to Steven Davis , an economics professor at the University of Chicago .
" When there 's that type of uncertainty in the air , it 's a good reason to pull back and wait before making any ( hiring ) decisions , " he said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Forming a spiraling circle around a strong vertical core , Kazakhstan ’s new National Library in Astana is a sight for sore eyes .
Designed by BIG Architects , who were recently awarded first prize in an open international design competition , the library 's naturally lit interior corridors provide a perfect place to read your favorite book .
The new 355,000 sqaure foot ( 33,000 sq m ) library will be located in the center of Astana with views of the entire city .
The entire community will have access to the library , which will be open for meetings , cultural events , and historical record keeping .
Outside , visitors will find various trees , plants , rocks , and minerals taken from all over the country , and will have a chance to experience firsthand their diverse native landscape .
To minimize cooling loads on the library , BIG used advanced computer modeling to calculate thermal exposure on the building .
Through this effort , they were able to maximize shading and regulate solar impact .
source : here Tweet
The Fuck You Act
The Fuck You and Making You Fuck Yourself with Threats of Destroying Your Life Act
By now you ’ve probably heard about the Stupak amendment , which would make it illegal for any insurance offered on the exchanges set up by the health care reform bill to cover abortion services .
It is being allowed to the floor by the leadership , and indications are that there may be enough votes for it to pass .
[ It did pass . ]
If it were to remain in the final bill , it would strip practical access to abortion from millions of women , a number which would increase when the exchanges open to businesses .
...
Meanwhile the bill itself will force people to buy insurance , provides inadequate subsidies , and falls hardest on the middle class and young people — forcing them to spend a huge chunk of their discretionary income on average , and doubtless pushing many families into bankruptcy ( plenty are on the verge , it is impossible to imagine that this wo n’t push them over the edge ) .
And yet it is still supported by the same people who supported it all along .
Apparently nothing can happen which would cause them not to support it .
I can only conclude that both Democratic politicians and many progressive bloggers want to be back in the opposition , since they keep being willing to swallow bad policy .
Policy so bad , in fact , that it seems designed to hurt Democratic electoral prospects .
Forget doing the right thing morally , I do n’t expect that of Democratic politicians .
But apparently they are also incapable of acting in a way designed to make sure they keep their majority .
Swanson documents Conyers ' history on the issue of impeachment in devastating detail .
It is a genuine Show of Horrors , and it provides plentiful examples of the rationalizations , equivocations , misrepresentations and outright lies that are required when an individual declines to fight against what he himself regards as monstrous and immensely destructive .
Swanson goes through all the major arguments that have been used in the last few years to discourage impeachment -- all the arguments that many of you have undoubtedly seen offered by most of the leading liberal and progressive writers -- and he demolishes every single one of them .
...
This is one of the bitter , deadly fruits of cowardice in the face of evil .
It helps to illuminate a critical principle , one that would be very simple to appreciate if it were not for the unstinting efforts made by Democrats like Conyers and the most vocal of Democratic apologists to evade the truth and refuse to acknowledge the obvious : each retreat from battle makes the next battle that much harder .
The Democrats are always talking about " saving their gunpowder " for the next fight , which will be the genuinely important one .
But each act of cowardice of this kind -- and it is cowardice , we should call such acts by their rightful name -- weakens them , rather than making them stronger .
Each concession to evil makes evil stronger , while the coward reinforces his own cowardice .
Thus , evil consolidates and expands its reach -- and those who would fight against evil are pushed farther offstage .
...
Appreciate just how pathetically shabby this is .
Conyers might have lost his prerogatives within the existing system .
That possibility carried more weight than defending liberty , justice and fundamental human decency .
Thus , the lesson : when you choose to be a critical part of a system that has become this corrupt -- and the endless corruptions of our corporatist - authoritarian - militarist system have been documented at great length here and in other places -- you will not ameliorate or " save " it .
The system will necessarily and inevitably corrupt you .
“ We did what we promised the American people we would do , ” said Representative Steny H. Hoyer , Democrat of Maryland and the majority leader ...
The lies begin with the name itself .
The bill is titled : Affordable Health Care for America Act
In fact , the bill 's primary purpose has absolutely nothing to do with providing " affordable health care . "
The purpose is to extract as much money as possible from " ordinary " Americans -- and to do so at the point of a gun ( what do you think those financial penalties and even possible prison time are , if not a gun pointing directly at your head ? ) -- and shovel it directly to already - engorged insurance companies .
Americans will beto buy , which as we all know , many of us through deeply painful personal experience , has nothing whatsoever to do with healthAnd Americans will be forced to spend money for largely useless insurance -- which insurance will often beuseless just when they need it most critically -- in amounts that may devastate them and their families .
How might we refashion the bill 's title , in an attempt to render it just a bit more accurate ?
After all , we surely can agree that we should at leastto speak and write in ways that correspond to the facts in even a vague , approximate manner , if only from time to time .
Hmm ... let 's try this :
No , in this case , that 's not quite right , not quite complete .
Ah , here we go :
This continues a theme of long duration at this humble blog .
Welsh also writes :
This strikes me as not precisely correct .
As a practical matter , much can still happen between now and the summer and fall of 2010 .
A lot of variables will determine how successful the Democrats are in maintaining a majority , beginning but hardly ending with the final form of this bill .
Much more significantly , I think Welsh 's formulation ( at least in this post ) fails to mention a deeper underlying problem .
I discussed this issue in the final section of " Those Who Enable the Triumph of Evil , " where I excerpted David Swanson 's painful and detailed examination of how and why John Conyers , once an admirable politician in many ways , slowly and inevitably surrendered certain key principles that Conyers himself had repeatedly declared to be of supreme importance to him .
A few passages from what I wrote there will convey the sense of the issue I 'm referring to , both with regard to the Democrats in general , and in connection with this latest abomination in particular :
With very few exceptions , and the exceptions are so few in number that they cannot alter the general direction of events , these are corrupt individuals operating in a profoundly corrupt and infinitelysystem .
That is the basic underlying truth , or at least a statement closer to where the truth will be found .
Against that terrible fact , all the rest recedes into the comparative meaninglessness and even triviality of empty public pageantry .
In the NY Times story about the House passage of this detestable bill , we read this utterance from the awful Steny Hoyer :
On this occasion , Hoyer is entirely correct .
If you listened carefully to what almost every politician said during the last election campaign -- and I emphatically include what Obama and all leading Democrats said -- and if you understood what they were saying , you realized that they told you over and over again that they would fuck you in an endless variety of ways , until almost every last drop of your blood and almost every dollar you possess were gone .
In their infinite kindness , they wo n't kill you , for they hope to extract still more from you , as your life and hope slowly ebb away .
They 've kept their promise .
They 've fucked you yet again , just as they said they would .
And they are very far from done .
Note : merci à tous ceux qui ont envoyé des questions par courriel , IRC , Jabber ou via LinuxFr.org .
Modérateur : Bonjour à toutes et à tous , nous avons le plaisir d'accueillir ce soir pour notre quinzième causerie April Alix Cazenave , responsable affaires publiques à l'April .
Pour répondre à toutes vos questions sur le thème « Hadopi et Hadopi II » .
Pour mémoire , les questions sont à envoyer en message privé aux modérateurs Yoann Nabat et Benoît Sibaud .
Modérateur : La causerie se fait simultanément via Jabber / XMPP et IRC , via le bot hellgate .
Modérateur : Merci à
Alix de répondre aux questions .
Alix : Bonsoir à tous !
Modérateur :
Le plus simple pour commencer me semble être de résumer rapidement ce que Hadopi et Hadopi II veulent faire et pourquoi .
Alix :
Les projets de loi Hadopi et Hadopi 2 visent à donner les moyens aux ayants - droit et aux pouvoirs publics de faire une répression de masse du téléchargement non autorisé d'œuvres musicales et cinématographiques .
Le projet de loi Hadopi 1 avait choisi la voie administrative qui permettait de contourner les procédures judiciaires , avec tout ce que ça implique de lourdeur mais aussi de garanties pour les droits et libertés .
La loi Hadopi 1 a été censurée par le Conseil constitutionnel qui a notamment estimé qu'une autorité administrative ne pouvait pas réduire l'exercice d'une liberté fondamentale ( suspendre l'accès à Internet restreint considérablement la liberté d'expression et de communication ) .
Le CC a également censuré par la même occasion tout ce qui rendait les mouchards filtrants obligatoires .
Hadopi 2 prend la voie pénale pour tenter de faire la même chose , avec d'une part des contraventions de 5ème catégorie automatiques pour la « négligence caractérisée » - 1500 € d'amende et jusqu'à un mois de la suspension de l'accès à Internet - et l'ordonnance pénale pour la répression de la contrefaçon , avec une peine supplémentaire aux 3 ans et 300 000 euros d'amende : la suspension de l'accès à Internet jusqu'à un an .
C'est la « négligence caractérisée » qui nous intéresse plus particulièrement à l'April : elle sanctionne le fait que la connexion à Internet ait été utilisée pour télécharger des œuvres sans autorisation .
Elle ne repose sur aucune preuve matérielle , et impose pour ne pas être passible de la contravention , d'installer des mouchards filtrants .
Comme les DRM , les mouchards filtrants sont ontologiquement incompatibles avec le .
Modérateur : Je participe à des développements en libre ( GCC ) , et je ne me sens pas * directement * concerné par Hadopi [ dans mon travail de développeur de logiciel libre ] .
Je trouve aussi que les lois Hadopi sont néfastes , mais je ne me sens pas concerné ( n'ayant jamais téléchargé de musique , légalement ou illégalement ) .
Amateur de musique classique et d'opéra , je déplore l'absence de contenus musicaux ( même payants ) compatibles / Linux ( sans DRM ) .
Je pense surtout que ces lois sont mal faites , et que le législateur a bâclé son travail ( et ce point me scandalise , car on est tenté de généraliser aux autres domaines de la loi , donc à penser que les lois sont plus généralement mal faites ) .
Je m'attends à ce que le Conseil Constitutionnel censure certaines dispositions d'Hadopi2 .
Enfin , Internet va réellement continuer de bouleverser la diffusion des biens culturels .
Je ne comprends pas trop pourquoi l'April insiste autant contre Hadopi , alors qu'il y a peut - être des combats tous aussi importants ( les brevets - logiciels ou non- , la privauté sur le net ... ) et surtout que le logiciel libre est la cause principale d'April !
Quelles seraient les conséquences concrètes des lois Hadopi sur les développeurs français des gros logiciels libres tels que le noyau Linux , le compilateur GCC , le lecteur multimédia VLC , le navigateur Firefox ?
Alix :
Les conséquences de Hadopi concernent davantage les utilisateurs de logiciels libres que les développeurs , qui ne sont touchés que lorsqu'ils développent des solutions de sécurité .
Pour les utilisateurs , les mouchards filtrants obligatoires leur nient le droit d'être maîtres de leurs ordinateurs .
En effet , un dispositif qui effectue un contrôle d'usage privé et renvoie des informations à un serveur distant sans qu'on puisse le maîtriser est ontologiquement incompatible avec les 4 libertés , notamment la liberté de modifier le logiciel .
Or les mouchards filtrants sont le seul moyen de ne pas être condamné à une contravention lourde ( 1500 € d'amende et une suspension de l'accès à Internet jusqu'à un mois ) .
Les risques de se faire condamner parce que sa borne wifi a été utilisée par un tiers , parce que son adresse IP a été usurpée ou tout simplement parce que les relevés informatiques sont erronés ( de la faute du FAI ou celle des agents assermentés ) , n'est pas négligeable .
On parle de 30 à 40 % de faux positifs .
Pour les développeurs , le problème est autre : les mouchards filtrants seront labellisés par la HADOPI ( l'autorité administrative ) et il y aura donc une discrimination sur le marché des solutions de sécurisation ( sécurité informatique ou filtrage genre iptables ) .
C'est à cause de cette double discrimination - juridique et économique - que l'April s'est investie dans ce dossier .
L'investissement de l'April sur ce dossier n'enlève rien à son action sur d'autres dossiers comme les brevets logiciels , les standards ouverts ou les référentiels d'interopérabilité .
Modérateur : Ce qui « émeut » le plus les libristes est l'obligation de sécurisation de sa ligne ;
Or nous ne savons absolument rien des dispositifs permettant de prouver cette sécurisation , dont les spécifications ont été renvoyées à d'autres instances .
En cas d'impact de ces dispositifs sur les utilisateurs de logiciel libre , quels sont les recours contre les décrets d'application ou autres spécifications décrites par la HADOPI ?
En clair , comment les utilisateurs de logiciel libre pourront - ils se protéger contre les débordements possibles de la loi ?
Alix :
Si la loi Hadopi 2 est validée par le Conseil constitutionnel avec la négligence caractérisée et les mouchards filtrants , alors plusieurs solutions s'offriront aux utilisateurs de logiciels libres pour faire valoir leurs droits , mais elles ne sont pas anodines .
Tout d'abord , si les adhérents de l'April le souhaitent , la possibilité d'attaquer le décret en Conseil d'État qui suivra forcément la promulgation de la loi sera étudiée .
Cela a déjà été fait avec succès sur le décret d'application de la loi DADVSI .
Ensuite , il y a les recours d'ordre judiciaire qui s'offrent à tout justiciable français et européen .
D'abord , l'appel et la cour de Cassation .
Ensuite , le recours à la Cour de Justice des Communautés Européennes ou même la Cour Européenne des Droits de l'Homme .
Ce sont des procédures longues mais qui peuvent annihiler totalement la portée de dispositions comme la négligence caractérisée ( Il est prévu également des possibilités de contestation au niveau du Tribunal correctionnel , mais elles n'offrent à mes yeux aucune garantie sérieuse ) .
Modérateur : J'ai une question concernant ces « mouchards filtrants ».
Ils sont parfois appelés pare - feu ou « logiciel de sécurisation » par les politiciens .
Ces logiciels ne sont - ils pas un mythe ?
Existent - ils déjà sur des OS propriétaires ?
Comment un logiciel peut faire la distinction entre une œuvre contrefaite et une copie ou conversion légale d'une œuvre ?
Comment le logiciel distingue - t - il une œuvre libre d'une œuvre de major ?
Et finalement comment un utilisateur de smartphone WiFi pourra « sécuriser » son appareil dont la RAM et la puissance CPU ne permettra pas de faire tourner de lourds processus qui surveillent les usages ou comparent des signatures d'œuvres ?
Alix :
Ces logiciels posent effectivement nombre de problèmes conceptuels .
Le principe en a été imaginé par des gens qui de toute évidence n'ont aucune pratique de l'informatique .
L'incompétence de la ministre Albanel ( et de ses conseillers ) s'illustre bien sur le fameux « pare - feu d'OpenOffice » ;)
Ils n'ont pas pris en compte toute la complexité technique qu'un contrôle d'usage + filtrage imposé aux utilisateurs supposaient .
Ils n'ont pas non plus pris en compte le fait qu'il y a souvent plus d'un ordinateur par foyer aujourd ' hui .
De la même manière qu'ils n'ont pas pris en compte l'impossibilité dans l'absolu de sécuriser de manière fiable une borne wifi , ce que les services informatiques des ministères ne savent pas faire .
Ces logiciels à ma connaissance n'existent pas encore , et il est difficile de dire si un tel marché peut se développer .
Pour en revenir à la sécurité informatique , j'aimerais rappeler le cas d'Intramar [ réseau interne de la Marine nationale ] qui a été infecté par Conficker - or on sait qu'un ordinateur infecté par un ver communique avec d'autres machines sans que l'utilisateur puisse le contrôler .
Cela démontre bien qu'on ne peut pas demander au bon père de famille de sécuriser son accès à Internet contre des utilisations frauduleuses par des tiers .
On peut également se soucier des conséquences de ces mouchards filtrants pour la sécurité informatique des foyers français .
Pour référence , la Chine a renoncé à son projet de « pare - feu » ( en fait mouchard filtrant là aussi ) imposé aux familles chinoises parce que cela compromettait gravement la sécurité informatique des foyers chinois et par là même la sécurité informatique globale de la Chine .
On le voit bien , ces mouchards filtrants sont une aberration de bout en bout
Modérateur :
Et les mouchards pour filtrer la ligne seront - ils payants ?
Interopérables ?
Alix :
De grands débats ont eu lieu en commission à l'Assemblée nationale à ce sujet , ainsi qu'en hémicycle .
Les députés Patrick Bloche ( SRC ) et Jean Dionis du Séjour ( NC ) se sont battus pour qu'ils soient gratuits et interopérables , sans succès ; en hémicycle d'autres députés dont Martine Billard ( GDR ) ont tenté de nouveau de faire accepter des amendements dans ce sens .
Le rapporteur et la ministre Albanel se sont fermement opposés à la gratuité de ces dispositifs , invoquant des questions de marché .
Ils ont également refusé qu'ils soient interopérables , au motif que ( je cite ) « L'interopérabilité n'est pas nécessaire pour les consommateurs et elle est trop contraignante pour les éditeurs de logiciels .
»
Voir le communiqué Riposte graduée : le rapporteur s'oppose à l'interopérabilité , l 'April appelle à la mobilisation à ce sujet , avec des compléments d'information en notes de bas de page .
Modérateur :
On a vu de nombreux exemples d'usurpations d'adresses IP ( imprimante condamnée , bbox mal sécurisée , crackage wifi , ... ) .
Si un « coupable de négligence caractérisé » , par exemple une entreprise avec expert à l'appui ( j'imagine mal un particulier entrant dans ce type d'action ) , arrivait a prouver la faillibilité de la loi , cela créerait - il une sorte de jurisprudence pour tout le monde ?
« La faillibilité de la loi par la faillibilité des équipements » en somme .
Alix :
Oui , ce serait très intéressant pour faire une jurisprudence et disqualifier la négligence caractérisée !
Mais il est très compliqué de s'opposer à une contravention .
Étant donné que la procédure ne s'appuie que sur des relevés d'adresses IP , et sur aucune preuve matérielle ( contrairement par exemple au radar automatique qui implique une photo horodatée et située , qu'on peut aisément contester si elle doit l'être ) il est pour ainsi dire impossible de prouver son innocence .
Mais si ça peut se passer ( si le juge veut bien entendre ces arguments ) ou si la personne jugée contrevenante utilise ses recours pour obtenir gain de cause , alors nous aurons une jurisprudence qui montrera l'absurdité de cette disposition .
J'espère toutefois que le Conseil constitutionnel confirmera sa décision du 10 juin et invalidera la contravention , les mouchards filtrants et le principe de la suspension de l'accès à Internet avec interdiction de se réabonner .
Ce serait beaucoup plus simple :) .
Modérateur : Est-il souhaitable d'entrer en résistance pour s'opposer à cette loi ( chiffrement , proxies anonymes , etc. ) ?
Serait - il possible d'utiliser cette loi ( surtout la peur qu'elle génère ) en fournissant des services payants de VPN vers d'autres pays ?
Les utilisateurs lambda ne sachant pas ce que veux réellement dire « sécurité » , le nombre de connexions chiffrées risquent d'augmenter de manière générale .
Alix :
On ne peut pas dire qu'il soit « souhaitable » de chiffrer ou d'utiliser des proxies anonymes pour faire du bruit pour les agents des ayants - droit .
Cela va surtout affecter le travail des services de police contre la vraie criminalité .
De la même manière , l'EFF rappelle régulièrement que
Tor n'est pas fait pour protéger les échanges non autorisés en P2P , mais pour protéger des personnes qui vivent dans des régimes autoritaires et qui ne jouissent pas de la liberté d'expression et du droit à l'information .
Toutefois , il est évident que les échanges chiffrés vont se développer !
Cela aura des vertus aussi ( il est bon que nos concitoyens apprennent à se servir du chiffrement ) .
On voit déjà apparaître des services d'anonymisation , des VPN situés dans des pays peu regardants , ou encore du P2P chiffré et d'ami à ami ( par cooptation ) comme OneSwarm .
Là est le vrai marché qui va se développer grâce à Hadopi , pas celui des mouchards filtrants !
Modérateur : Franck Riester a déclaré dans un chat avec des internautes du Monde que le juge ne couperait l'accès à internet que s'il pouvait établir la preuve que c'était bien cette personne qui avait téléchargé .
Mais que se passe - t - il si on utilise l'argument du « des amis étaient de passage et ont utilisé mon ordinateur , je ne sais pas ce qu'ils ont fait avec ! » ?
Argument qui peut sembler absurde mais dans le cas des infractions de vitesse , si on déclare que l'on ne conduisait pas sa voiture ( et que bien sûr on n'est pas reconnaissable sur la photo ) on ne paye que l'amende et on ne peut pas avoir de retrait de points .
Alix :
Ça , c'est dans le cas de la contrefaçon .
Pour la négligence caractérisée , on n'a pas besoin de prouver que l'abonné a téléchargé , puisqu 'on le sanctionne sur sa non sécurisation de sa connexion à Internet .
Dans le cas de la contrefaçon a contrario , qui sera celui des plus gros partageurs de fichiers , il y aura soit perquisition soit aveu .
Mais nous ne sommes plus dans la procédure contraventionnelle et c'est très différent .
Modérateur :
Le rapporteur de la loi Franck Riester a affirmé dans Le Monde « Mais si jamais vous recevez un avertissement et que vous n'avez pas vous - même téléchargé illégalement , et que vous disposez d'un pare - feu , il sera à ce moment - là nécessaire de vérifier que les spécificités préconisées par l'Hadopi correspondent bien à celles dont dispose votre pare - feu .
Si ce n'est pas le cas , oui , il faudra investir dans un nouveau mode de sécurisation de votre accès Internet .
»...
Or dans HADOPI 1 , l'article L. 331-32 qui permettait de à la Haute Autorité de rendre « publiques les spécifications fonctionnelles pertinentes que ces moyens doivent présenter » a été censuré par le Conseil Constitutionnel .
J'ai donc l'impression que le juge n'aura absolument aucun moyen de trouver un citoyen irréprochable , ou non coupable de « négligence caractérisée ».
En tous cas une adresse IP ne permet pas à un juge de prouver une contrefaçon ou négligence .
Aura - t - on bientôt en France 10000 perquisitions par jours pour l'HADOPI ?
Alix :
J'ose espérer que les forces de police et la justice seront utilisées pour se préoccuper de cas plus graves , de trafic de drogue ou d'armes , de prévention et de répression des atteintes aux personnes , plutôt qu'à faire 1000 perquisitions par jour ! ;)
Plus sérieusement , le principe de la labellisation n'a pas été censuré par le Conseil constitutionnel .
Si on suit donc la logique du législateur , la HADOPI labellisera des mouchards filtrants qui permettront de s'exonérer de la « négligence caractérisée » car satisfaisant à l'obligation de moyens .
La question de la matérialité de la preuve et de la présomption de culpabilité sont très graves , et ce sont les mêmes que pour Hadopi 1 .
Le Conseil Constitutionnel a rappelé que le législateur peut renverser la charge de la preuve pourvu qu'il soit possible de prouver son innocence .
En l'occurrence , on ne peut pas prouver que ce n'est pas sa connexion à Internet qui a été utilisée .
On ne peut donc pas prouver qu'on est suffisamment sécurisé .
Pour ce qui est des mouchards filtrants , le fait qu'il n'y en ait pas de disponibles pour les systèmes libres ( ou des configurations peu répandues ) devrait disqualifier le principe même de la contravention .
Mais on ne peut prévoir ni ce que seront ces mouchards filtrants ( seront - ils dans les box des FAI directement ou sur le poste client ? ) ni la manière dont le Conseil constitutionnel et plus tard le juge jugeront la négligence caractérisée et les moyens de s'en affranchir
Modérateur : Je suis mineur , et pas forcément français .
Comment puis - je m'opposer à l'exécution d'une telle Loi ?
Alix :
Si tu es mineur , alors tu n'es pas concerné par la négligence caractérisée puisque tu ne peux pas contracter auprès d'un FAI .
Après , si tu n'es pas français mais que tu résides en France , tu peux être passible de sanctions pour contrefaçon , mais tu passeras au tribunal en procédure correctionnelle normale , l'ordonnance pénale étant réservée aux majeurs .
Enfin , si tu n'es pas résident français , cette loi ne te menace pas .
Mais si tu veux t'y opposer , fais de la sensibilisation chez toi notamment auprès des parlementaires nationaux et européens qui peuvent s'opposer à ce que ces dispositions s'étendent au - delà des frontières françaises et notamment dans ton pays .
Modérateur : Les adresses IP vont être stockées avec nos identités : par qui exactement ?
Les majors ?
Les mouchards seront - ils contrôlés par la CNIL ?
Alix :
Le rapporteur Riester et les ministres en charge des projets de loi se sont opposés à ce que la CNIL siège au sein de la HADOPI , qui va stocker nos adresses IP avec nos données nominatives ( identité , coordonnées ) .
Les agents assermentés des ayants - droit n'ont pas le pouvoir de demander aux FAI l'identité qui correspond à une IP , c'est déjà ça !
Mais il n'y aura aucun contrôle particulier de la CNIL sur ces données .
On ne sait pas non plus dans la loi combien de temps la HADOPI va conserver ces données , ni quelle sera la procédure applicable une fois un abonné blanchi .
La question du droit à l'oubli auprès de la HADOPI reste entière
Modérateur :
Je suppose que les courriels de l'HADOPI ne seront pas signés avec gnupg , comment saurai - je que c'est bien elle qui l'envoie ?
Ou bien va-t - on voir Frédéric Mitterrand surgir à une « key signing party » ( séance de signatures de clé numériques ) ?
Alix :
Le ministre de la Culture a une « key signing party » , malheureusement c'est pas demain la veille ; ) .
Il y a effectivement un problème de confiance vis -à - vis de l'émetteur et du contenu du courriel d'avertissement .
Cela me rappelle un article d'Astrid Girardeau ( Ecrans.fr ) sur l'exploitation de ce genre de courriels d'avertissements par des personnes malveillantes qui y joignent un virus .
Vous retrouverez tout un tas d'informations à ce sujet , sur la sécurité informatique et sur les risques de détournement de la loi , avec tout plein de références , dans l'argumentaire Hadopi : sécurisation ou contrôle d'usage ?
Modérateur : Christine Albanel et d'autres ont dit en séance que si l'on prouvait prouver que l'on était pas chez soi pendant le téléchargement on serait blanchi .
Leur a - t - on expliqué ce qu'était ssh , VNC , RDP , X11 ... ?
Alix : Non , ils n'ont aucune conscience de ce genre de dispositifs .
Ça me rappelle l'épisode des « contre- logiciels » de chiffrement dont Christine Albanel imaginait pouvoir disposer pour contrer tous ces petits malins qui chiffrent !
Ils estiment d'ailleurs que ce ne sera qu'une infime minorité , et que rares seront ceux qui pourront contourner la loi et le dispositif technique de détection de la HADOPI et des agents assermentés .
Une minorité de délinquants , comme toujours , qui passent entre les mailles du filet ! ;)
Mais il faut nuancer également l'affirmation de Christine Albanel .
L'absence du domicile s'entend notamment pour les personnes hospitalisées .
Difficile dans ce cas de prêter à qui que ce soit des violations du droit d'auteur via Internet .
Modérateur :
En cas de présomption de culpabilité et que l'on sait pertinemment être non-coupable , quelle est la marche à suivre pour prouver que l'on est innocent ( ex : je suis sous GNU / Linux et ne peut avoir le mouchard )
Alix :
Dans ce cas il faut tenter de contester au moment du premier avertissement , de l'avertissement par lettre recommandée ou lorsqu 'on est informé qu'une procédure contraventionnelle est en cours , mais le plus tôt est toujours le mieux .
Le problème est qu'il est impossible de prouver son innocence , contrairement aux infractions au code de la route ( je sais qu'on m'a emprunté / volé ma voiture , que ma voiture et moi-même n'étions pas à Toulouse à cette date etc. ) .
On ne peut savoir si une connexion est empruntée , si une adresse IP est usurpée , et on peut encore moins le prouver !
La procédure n'est donc absolument pas réaliste pour le défendeur .
Quant à l'obligation de moyen pour un utilisateur de GNU / Linux , s'il n'existe pas de dispositif labellisé , elle reste entière .
On ne sait absolument pas ce qu'il arrivera à ceux pour qui aucun dispositif labellisé n'est disponible pour leur configuration .
Les députés opposés au texte ont proposé des amendements visant à exonérer les personnes pour qui aucun moyen n'est disponible , mais ils ont été rejetés .
Le décret en Conseil d'État , si le Conseil constitutionnel ne censure pas , nous en apprendra peut - être davantage
Modérateur : Comment puis - je être sur à 100 % de la sécurisation de ma ligne , alors que même le prestataire choisi pour envoyer les courriels de l'HADOPI montre qu'il n'en est pas capable ?
Alix :
Je connais des députés qui vous diraient « mais bien sûr que l'informatique ça n'a rien de sécurisé !
Les échanges électroniques c'est plein de failles ! ».
C'est tout le paradoxe de cette loi : imposer une obligation de moyens là où les services de l'État eux-mêmes préfèrent renoncer ou montrent leurs limites .
Modérateur :
Les sites et médias qui indiquent comment détourner les mouchards ( par la virtualisation par exemple ) risquent - ils d'être accusés d'opposition à la justice , ou toute autre sanction ?
Alix :
Je ne peux pas répondre fermement à cette question , n'étant pas pénaliste .
Mais il me semble que non .
D'ailleurs sur DADVSI il y avait des articles qui prévoyaient spécifiquement de réprimer la diffusion de moyens ou de méthodes de contournement des DRM , ce n'est pas le cas pour HADOPI .
Donc il me semble que tant qu'il n'y a pas d'atteinte à l'ordre public on ne peut pas réprimer ce genre de choses .
Mais encore une fois je ne suis pas pénaliste et il faudrait s'adresser à quelqu 'un de plus calé pour en être sûr ;)
Ce qui est clair c'est que ça ne plaira pas aux majors
Modérateur : Depuis le début d'Hadopi ( et précédemment avec DADVSI ) il n'y a aucun professionnel du secteur de l'informatique qui ait affirmé que cette loi est réalisable ...
Mis à part les affirmations vagues de Mme Albanel ... « c'est possible d'après les FAI ».
Comment interpréter ce « mépris » de l'opinion d'un secteur complet sur lequel ils légifèrent ?
Alix :
Ce sont des lois de commande , qui permettent aux industries du divertissement de se livrer à une guerre de retardement contre l'évolution des usages liés au numérique .
La loi DADVSI avait ceci de plus qu'elle était une transposition d'une directive ancienne ( 2001 ) découlant d'un traité OMPI encore plus ancien ( 1996 ) , et que peu d'arguments portaient pour s'y opposer fondamentalement .
L'opposition sur HADOPI a été plus farouche , et il a été d'autant mieux démontré que ce projet était inepte qu'il était beaucoup moins technique que DADVSI , et donc plus facile d'accès à des députés non informaticiens .
Le fait est qu'on a pu constater la fermeture du gouvernement et des pro-Hadopi - voire l'autisme - face aux arguments solides qui leurs ont été opposés .
Je crois qu'ils espèrent ainsi faire de la dissuasion en semant la peur chez les plus jeunes , via leurs parents .
Mais , comme Nicolas Dupont - Aignan l'a dit en hémicycle : on dirait un enfant qui défie la marée avec son château de sable .
De plus je crois que ceux qui demandent ces lois ont une profonde méconnaissance de l'informatique et nous prennent tous pour des méchants qui essayent de les enfumer pour les empêcher de passer leurs lois et continuer de télécharger tranquillement .
Les problématiques juridiques et techniques leur importent peu au final .
Modérateur : Les courriels de l'Hadopi 2 ont - ils une quelconque valeur juridique ?
Ou bien est-ce comme Hadopi 1 ou seule la lettre recommandée commence véritablement le processus ?
À supposer qu'ils soient authentiques , quelle est la valeur de ces courriels , est-ce qu'on risque quelque chose à les ignorer ?
Alix :
Les premiers courriels marquent le début de la procédure , mais ils ont valeur d'information en réalité , car ce n'est qu'à partir de la lettre recommandée que les choses sérieuses commencent : c'est après la lettre recommandée qu'on risque de faire l'objet d'une procédure pour négligence caractérisée , voire pour contrefaçon .
Quant à l'authenticité des courriels , on en revient au « virus anti-piratage » et aux problématiques d'identification de l'émetteur du courriel .
Voir Hadopi : sécurisation ou contrôle d'usage ?.
Mais on ne risque rien à les ignorer , sauf qu'on laisse passer la chance ( pour peu qu'on relève la boîte assignée par le FAI ) d'essayer de contester les accusations dès le tout début de la procédure - sachant qu'on pourra toujours essayer de le faire par la suite .
Modérateur : Y a-t - il une évaluation de prévue sur l'efficacité de HADOPI , tout comme était prévue une de DADVSI ?
( qu'on attend toujours )
Au fait , ne devait - il pas y avoir une révision de la directive EUCD ?
A - t - on des nouvelles ?
Alix :
Tous les amendements prévoyant l'évaluation de HADOPI ont été rejetés , il n'y en a donc pas de prévue dans la loi .
D'un autre côté , quand on voit à quoi cela a servi pour DADVSI , on peut effectivement regretter le principe mais guère plus .
Quant à la révision de la directive EUCD , elle doit intervenir dans cette législature européenne .
Des rapports ont été faits mais le rapporteur Medina , qui avait commis un rapport particulièrement favorable aux industries du divertissement et défavorable aux citoyens et aux libertés , a renoncé à le présenter .
Nous ne manquerons pas de vous tenir informés de l'actualité de ce dossier .
Modérateur : La Quadrature du
Net est - elle une sorte de « spin - off » de l'April ( certains membres se recoupant , notamment au niveau du conseil d'administration ) ou son bras armé pour tous les sujets concernant Internet et / ou le droit d'auteur ?
Alix : La Quadrature du
Net est une organisation citoyenne indépendante , qui s'est formée sans lien avec l'April .
Sa formation répond à un besoin de traiter des problématiques qui dépassent le champ du Logiciel Libre , et donc celui de l'April .
La proximité entre l'April et lQdN est assez compréhensible : ceux qui se soucient du Logiciel Libre souvent se soucient plus largement des libertés à l'ère numérique , et nombreux sont ceux qui partagent leur bénévolat entre les deux structures .
L'action de lQdN et de l'April sur Hadopi montre bien cette ( non-) relation : l'April ne s'est pas occupée des questions juridiques générales sur la loi , ni des questions de financement comme la contribution créative , et lQdN ne s'est pas occupée de Logiciel Libre .
Mais les deux structures soutiennent l'action l'une de l'autre et se font référence sur leurs compétences respectives .
Il faut également rappeler que la Quadrature du Net n'a pas de conseil d'administration en tant que tel , et que si les gens actifs au sein de la Quadrature du Net peuvent être également actifs au sein de l'April et vice - versa , chacune a son organisation décisionnelle propre et indépendante de l'autre .
En aucun cas l'April ne décide de quoi que ce soit au sein de la Quadrature du Net , et vice - versa .
Ce qui n'empêche pas de se parler , bien évidemment ;)
Modérateur : Est-ce que Hadopi fragilise certaines licences libres plus que d'autres ?
Alix : Hadopi ne fragilise pas les licences libres .
Elle contraint à utiliser des logiciels propriétaires .
En cela , elle n'exclut pas certaines licences libres plus que d'autres - elle les exclut toutes , puisque ce sont les 4 libertés qui sont incompatibles avec les mouchards filtrants obligatoires .
Modérateur : Est -ce que l'April ne pourrait pas , aussi , s'engager sur un terrain plus philosophique ; sur la liberté de partage de sa culture avec ses amis ( à la base même de " la culture Hacker " des années 60/70 puis du projet GNU ) ?
Alix : L'April œuvre pour le partage des savoirs en défendant ce qu'elle estime être des libertés fondamentales à l'ère numérique .
Elle promeut les licences de contenus libres , comme la licence Art Libre ou les licences Creative Commons libres .
Le partage de sa culture avec ses amis est déjà prévu dans le droit d'auteur avec l'exception de copie privée .
En revanche , ce que nous voyons avec les lois sur le numérique , c'est une volonté de contrôler les usages privés qui permettaient autrefois de se faire découvrir mutuellement des artistes ou des œuvres .
L'April se prononce régulièrement sur ces questions lorsqu'elle est sollicitée .
Mais la promotion et la défense du Logiciel Libre , qui mobilisent énormément d'énergie actuellement , sont prioritaires et ne laissent pas la place à ce genre de campagnes .
Par ailleurs , d'autres structures le font très bien , qu'ils s'agissent de la Quadrature du Net ou de Libre Accès qui promeuvent une autre vision de la culture à l'ère numérique .
Modérateur : L'April a -t - elle été reçue par les nouveaux ministres en charge d'Hadopi ( Culture et Justice ) .
Si non , pourquoi ?
Et si oui , quel a été le résultat de l'entretien ?
Alix :
Non , parce que la demande n'en a pas été faite .
Nous n'avions alors matériellement pas la possibilité d'honorer un rendez - vous .
Nous étions au lendemain des européennes , juste avant les RMLL et à moins de trois semaines de l'examen du projet de loi .
Toutefois des documents ont été communiqués , en complément de conversations téléphoniques , au cabinet de Michèle Alliot - Marie afin qu'elle puisse prendre en compte nos arguments .
Malheureusement , comme c'était à craindre , cela n'a pas eu l'effet que nous espérions .
Modérateur : Pourquoi n'avons nous pas entendu le ministre à l'économie numérique ( parmi d'autres choses ? ) sur Hadopi ?
Le ministre devrait pourtant avoir son mot à dire .
L'avez vous contacté ?
Si oui , quelle a été sa réponse sur un tel silence ?
Alix : La Secrétaire d'État Nathalie Kosciusko - Morizet a eu l'occasion de s'exprimer sur Hadopi de manière assez originale dans les médias .
Mais elle n'était pas en hémicycle lors des discussions .
L'explication que j'y vois est que d'une part son ministère n'était pas en charge du dossier , et que son soutien n'a pas été sollicité ; d'autre part elle n'avait certainement aucune envie de s'investir dans la défense d'un projet de loi qu'en tant qu'internaute chevronnée elle devait savoir inadapté et mort - né .
Mais le mieux serait de demander à l'intéressée les raisons de son absence .
Ce n'est pas faute que les députés l'aient fait remarquer !
Modérateur : Quelle a été l'implication de l'April au niveau des parlementaires ?
Comment se passent les relations avec les parlementaires , que ce soient des pro- ou contre hadopi ?
Est-ce vous qui les contactez ou certains viennent - ils vous voir directement ?
Alix : L'April a travaillé avec de nombreux parlementaires sur ce dossier .
Elle a été sollicitée par certains , et a demandé des auditions à d'autres , notamment aux rapporteurs .
Sur les trois rapporteurs à l'Assemblée nationale , seul Franck Riester a refusé de nous recevoir et de donner suite à nos sollicitations et envois de documents .
Les députés généralement nous écoutent volontiers , et échangent avec nous sur un sujet où ils essayent d'y voir plus clair .
C'était notamment le cas des rapporteurs pour avis .
Toutefois nos arguments ne suffisent pas toujours à convaincre un député , surtout s'il base sa position sur la discipline de groupe ou sur l'affect « les artistes meurent sous les clics des internautes , il faut arrêter ce massacre » .
En revanche avec les anti-hadopi , nous avons eu des échanges très fructueux et ils ont bien exploité les documents qui leur ont été communiqués par l'April ou d'autres organisations comme la Quadrature du Net ou l'UFC .
Nombreux sont ceux qui ont très bien travaillé leur sujet , et cela s'est ressenti dans la qualité exceptionnelle des débats .
Modérateur : Pourquoi les députés étaient - ils plus « motivés » sur ce dossier que les sénateurs ?
Avez -vous autant de contacts avec les sénateurs que vous semblez en avoir avec les députés ?
Alix :
Nous avons moins de relations avec les sénateurs qu'avec les députés , notamment parce que les sujets du numérique les intéressent moins ( sauf lorsqu'il s'agit de fracture numérique et d'aménagement du territoire , ce qui est assez éloigné de nos problématiques ... ) .
Mais nous y travaillons , et la période d'après - hadopi sera propice au développement de relations durables .
Donc comme je l'ai dit les sénateurs sont peu intéressés par le numérique en général , et cela s'est ressenti dans les débats qui ont été plus courts et plus calmes au Sénat qu'à l'Assemblée nationale .
Enfin , il y a à l'Assemblée nationale un certain nombre de députés qui ont déjà vécu DADVSI et qui étaient particulièrement impliqués sur Hadopi .
Je pense à Jean Dionis du Séjour , Christian Vanneste , Marc Le Fur , Alain Suguenot , Patrick Bloche , Christian Paul , Didier Mathus , Martine Billard et Jean - Pierre Brard , et bien d'autres encore .
Leur compétence était déjà affirmée en 2006 , ils l'ont confirmée lors de ces débats .
Modérateur :
Mes députés restent muets à mes suppliques , que puis - je leur dire de plus pour leur faire comprendre qu'ils ont fait une bourde ?
Alix :
À part leur communiquer les argumentaires de l'April et des organisations amies , il faudra , si le Conseil constitutionnel censure Hadopi 2 , leur communiquer l'analyse de cette décision .
Je ne vois rien d'autre à faire pour l'instant .
Modérateur : Dans combien de temps sera saisi le conseil constitutionnel ?
De combien de temps dispose le Conseil constitutionnel pour donner ses conclusions ?
Alix : Le Conseil constitutionnel sera saisi très vite ( certainement dans la semaine ) par les députés anti-hadopi , et le Conseil rendra sa décision dans le mois qui suit .
Nous devrions avoir une décision d'ici quelques semaines donc , avant la fin octobre en principe .
Modérateur : L'April est-elle impliqué directement ou non dans le recours devant le conseil constitutionnel ?
Alix : L'April a communiqué des argumentaires aux députés en prévision de la saisine .
Modérateur : Quelles sont concrètement les dispositions de la loi qui peuvent être censurées par le conseil constitutionnel .
Et celles qui ont toutes les chances de passer ?
Alix :
Les articles prévoyant les sanctions pour négligence caractérisée ou contrefaçon peuvent être censurés pour les mêmes raisons que sur Hadopi 1 et DADVSI ( première version de la riposte graduée que Renaud Donnedieu de Vabres avait tenté d'introduire ) .
Les raisons sont : la présomption d'innocence , le respect des droits de la défense , la proportionnalité des peines , ou encore l'absence de définition dans la loi de la négligence caractérisée et des mouchards filtrants .
Il y a également tout ce qui concerne les zones dégroupées ou non dégroupées , par rapport à la possibilité de couper le service Internet sans couper le téléphone et la télévision , ainsi que l'enrichissement sans cause des FAI .
Globalement , il y a de nombreuses raisons de censurer l'essentiel du projet de loi de manière à le vider de son sens .
Mais ce sera au Conseil constitutionnel de se prononcer , et il peut estimer que les conditions dans Hadopi 2 sont suffisamment différentes de Hadopi 1 pour ne pas censurer , et éventuellement juste émettre des réserves d'interprétation sur certains points .
Il est très difficile d'en préjuger .
Néanmoins à titre personnel il me semble logique que le Conseil constitutionnel censure la négligence caractérisée comme il avait censuré le défaut de sécurisation : la présomption de culpabilité est irréfragable ( on ne peut pas prouver son innocence ) et les mouchards filtrants ne sont absolument pas encadrés .
Mais ce n'est que mon humble avis ;)
Modérateur : Après le conseil constitutionnel , quel est le timing d'application de la loi ?
( Conseil constitutionnel / Publication , Décret / mise en œuvre / etc. )
Des suites au niveau européen à envisager / attendre ?
Alix :
Après la décision du CC , la loi sera rapidement promulguée par le président de la République et sera publiée au Journal Officiel .
En deux ou trois jours , la loi devrait rentrer en application .
Pour ce qui est des décrets , on les dit prêts mais cela peut prendre du temps .
Pour DADVSI on avait attendu presque 5 mois le délai d'application que l'April a attaqué .
Mais cela peut être très rapide , et on peut s'attendre à voir les décrets paraître avant la fin de l'année .
Enfin , pour ce qui est de la CJCE , elle peut être invoquée suite à une condamnation sur des bases non conformes au droit européen , mais cela suppose que des procédures aient déjà eu lieu et il faut ensuite compter le temps de la procédure auprès de la CJCE .
Généralement ces questions - là prennent un certain temps qui se compte en mois .
Modérateur : Merci
Alix pour les quasi trois heures trente (! ) que tu viens de nous consacrer .
Le mot de la fin ?
Quelque chose à ajouter ?
Alix :
Je crains que nous n'en ayons pas fini avec les lois de contrôle et de minitélisation de l'Internet .
Au niveau européen , il se joue actuellement des questions très sérieuses sur la neutralité du Net , à laquelle nous sommes tous attachés .
La neutralité du Net est essentielle pour le Logiciel Libre .
Je vous invite tous à vous informer sur le site de la Quadrature du Net pour en savoir plus .
Par la suite , il est à craindre de nouvelles attaques contre nos libertés , par exemple sur l'usage de la cryptographie .
Nous avons encore d'autres batailles à prévoir sur le champ des libertés à l'ère numérique , et je ne parle même pas des combats que nous continuons de mener pour le Logiciel Libre !
Nous progressons à chaque nouvel affrontement , et je suis convaincue que la vision libre et ouverte de la société de l'information que nous défendons finira par l'emporter .
Le temps que ça prendra dépendra de l'énergie et de la détermination que nous mettrons à la défendre .
Merci à tous pour vos questions et votre attention pendant cette causerie .
Bonne fin de soirée à tous - bonne nuit - et à très bientôt !
Modérateur : Merci encore .
Et bonne nuit à tous .
Modérateur : La prochaine causerie aura lieu bientôt , sur un sujet à déterminer :) .
I ’m a big fan of Leo Babauta .
His book , The Power of Less , is required reading for anyone who wants a rewarding life .
But many of Leo ’s followers think doing less means , well , settling for less .
I ’m here to tell you it can mean achieving much more .
In the last 4 years , I ’ve been living the power of less .
In fact , I started with that philosophy well before I knew it was one .
Do Less to Achieve More
I annoy many of my partners and friends with my approach .
But the reality is , engaging in busy work is not the secret to success .
Success comes from ignoring the busy and sticking with developing content and pursuing projects that matter to your goals .
That means you need time to think .
Enjoy the Stillness
Do n’t get me wrong , I work hard and push the envelope .
But I choose the things I pursue very carefully .
And that means ignoring the immediate until I know the right thing to do .
Again , this often annoys people who want my immediate attention .
But when it ’s right , I act . . . and everyone involved is a lot happier with the eventual outcome .
Do n’t Do Things That Don’t Matter
The stereotype of the successful person is one who juggles multiple cats in the pursuit of maximum return .
I ’m telling you to drop most of those cats , and lovingly embrace that special one .
Making clear decisions about content and projects that work requires clear vision , and you do n’t achieve that in a frenzied , haphazard mode .
Right decisions require the right mindset , and a clear path to achieving the goal .
How clear is your mind right now ?
P.S. No cats were harmed in the writing of this post .
About the Author : Brian Clark is founder of Copyblogger and co-founder of DIY Themes , creator of the innovative Thesis Theme for WordPress .
Get more from Brian on Twitter .
Francis Murphy admitted pulling out his former partner 's eye A man who pulled out his former partner 's eyeball and tried to throw her from an eighth - floor balcony has been convicted of attempted murder .
The High Court in Edinburgh heard how Francis Murphy , 26 , attacked Natalie Farrell with a wire coat hanger at a block of flats in Dundee .
Despite admitting that he had gouged out the 27 - year - old 's eye , Murphy had denied trying to kill her .
He was remanded into custody and will be sentenced next month .
During the trial , Ms Farrell described the attack by Murphy at her home in Dundee 's Dalfield Court on 26 May this year .
She said she had ended her ten - year relationship with him and had started a new partnership with another man .
However , Murphy turned up at her home , attacked her new boyfriend , then grabbed her and said he was going to take out her eye with a metal hook .
She described how he tried at get his thumb and two fingers into her eye and pull it out .
' Distressing case '
She said she then passed out when Murphy began throttling her .
Murphy then pulled out her eye and threw it over an eighth - floor balcony .
Ms Farrell said she only learned that her eye had been pulled out when a friend found it and gave it to paramedics .
Her neighbour , Noel Pittham , told the court that he watched Murphy try to force Ms Farrell over the balcony as he attacked her .
The court also heard from Ms Farrell 's friend , Jade Hall , 24 , who recounted hitting Murphy with a brush to try to stop him from attacking her friend .
She said that it was only when she descended the stairs of the block of flats that she and another man found Ms Farrell 's eye lying in the street .
Murphy had claimed to police that he could remember nothing of the attack .
After the jury returned their verdict , Judge Lord Brailsford told them he recognised the case had been distressing .
He added : " It is not the sort of case that is run of the mill for us either . "
Ms Farrell , who was not in court to hear the verdict , is having treatment to see if she can be given an artificial eye .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Web developers have waited for what seems like ages for this month to come along .
Internet Explorer remains ahead of the rest of the competition , but since month after month it continues to lose ground to all other browsers , Firefox has now finally surpassed IE6 , which is easily the most hated version of Microsoft 's browser .
Firefox 's steady gain continues , Safari remains in a nonthreatening third place , Chrome is happily carving out a small niche for itself , and poor Opera can't seem to budge from fifth place .
In October , all browsers except for IE and Opera showed positive growth .
Between October and September , Internet Explorer dropped a significant 1.07 percentage points ( from 65.71 percent to 64.64 percent ) and Firefox moved up a sizeable 0.32 percentage points ( from 23.75 percent to 24.07 percent ) .
Safari increased 0.18 percentage points ( from 4.24 percent to 4.42 percent ) while Chrome once again moved further away from Opera : it gained a worthy 0.41 percentage points ( from 3.17 percent to 3.58 percent ) .
Opera slid 0.02 percentage points ( from 2.19 percent to 2.17 percent ) .
Although IE 's decline seems to be unceasing , the real shame is that the old versions have more share than the newer ones ( we can only hope that as Windows 7 gains popularity , this trend will reverse ) .
Still , given that IE6 had 23.30 percent of the market in October , this means that Firefox has now surpassed it :
You can see the market share pie for October 2009 , according to Net Applications , at the top of this post .
The graph just above shows how things at Ars are very different : Firefox continues to dominate , but the default browsers for Windows and Mac OS X still show their strength , and Chrome 's lead over Opera is much more significant at Ars.
Compared to last month , IE gained share ( possibly due to our review of Windows 7 ) , but so did Firefox .
Safari dropped quite a bit , while Chrome and Opera gained .
ON MySpace carving out a virtual niche of your own takes a few clicks of a mouse .
In the real world the job never ends .
As classical divas at the head of the class Cecilia Bartoli and Renée Fleming share native talent , personal glamour , a puritan work ethic , a capacity for self - criticism and also something extra : a scholar ’s taste for intellectual adventure .
Long evident in their discographies , these attributes shine again in their latest recordings , both for Decca .
Ms. Fleming ’s “ Verismo ” and Ms. Bartoli ’s “ Sacrificium ” are like graduate seminars dressed up as recitals .
Ms. Fleming , 50 , recalls the advice given her by Herbert Breslin , who masterminded Luciano Pavarotti ’s career .
“ ‘ You wo n’t make it if you do n’t sing bread - and - butter Italian opera , ’ he told me , ” Ms. Fleming said in a recent telephone interview .
“ I was constantly being pushed toward a European ideal of what it means to be a classical or opera singer , let ’s say in the Renata Tebaldi mode .
I reject that .
I ’m American .
I ’m eclectic .
I ’m going to follow my musical passions .
And if people do n’t like it , and it hurts my legacy , I ’m not going to worry about that . ”
The late 19th century and the first quarter of the 20th have proved particularly congenial to Ms. Fleming ’s gifts .
In 2006 she surveyed that period on “ Homage : The Age of the Diva , ” recorded in St. Petersburg , Russia , with Valery Gergiev leading the Orchestra of the Maryinsky Theater .
Inspired by historic recordings of stars like Mary Garden , Maria Jeritza , Rosa Ponselle , Emmy Destinn and Lotte Lehmann , the program included a sprinkling of favorites among a spate of rediscoveries .
WASHINGTON , March 9 ( UPI ) --
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security plans to study the possibility that human body odor could be used to tell when people are lying or to identify individuals in the same way that fingerprints can .
In a federal procurement document posted Friday on the Web , the department 's Science and Technology Directorate said it would conduct an " outsourced , proof - of - principle study to determine if human odor signatures can serve as an indicator of deception . …
As a secondary goal , this study will examine … human odor samples for evidence to support the theory that an individual can be identified by that individual 's odor signature . "
Advertisement
Officials said that the work was at a very early stage , but the announcement brought criticism from civil liberties advocates who said it showed the department 's priorities were misplaced .
The procurement notice said the department is already " conducting experiments in deceptive behavior and collecting human odor samples " and that the research it hopes to fund " will consist primarily of the analysis and study of the human odor samples collected to determine if a deception indicator can be found . "
" This research has the potential for enhancing our ability to detect individuals with harmful intent , " the notice said .
" A positive result from this proof - of - principle study would provide evidence that human odor is a useful indicator for certain human behaviors and , in addition , that it may be used as a biometric identifier . "
Advertisement
DHS spokeswoman Amy Kudwa told United Press International that " proof of concept " work was the very earliest stage of technological development .
The directorate " is trying to determine what factors of human behavior and chemistry can provide clues to the intent to deceive , " she said , adding that the work would be carried out by the Federally Funded Research and Development Center run by the non-profit Mitre Corp. , which conducts cutting - edge research for U.S. military , homeland security and intelligence agencies .
Barry Steinhardt , director of the ACLU 's technology and liberty project , told UPI that the plan showed the department had " misplaced priorities . "
" The history of DHS ' deployment of these technologies has been one colossal failure after another , " he said .
" There is no lie detector .
This research has been a long , meandering journey , which has taken us down one blind alley after another . "
Steinhardt added that even well - established biometric - identity technologies like fingerprinting have resulted in individuals being inaccurately identified , like Oregon lawyer Brandon Mayfield , who got an apology from the FBI after being wrongfully accused of having had a hand in the 2004 Madrid rail bombings .
" None of the biometrics for identity have worked very well , with the possible exception of DNA , " he said , adding that even fingerprint evidence was " increasingly being challenged in courts around the country . "
" This shows the misplaced priorities ( of DHS ) , " he said .
" The government does n't need to take us down another blind alley . "
Recent scientific research shows that so - called volatile organic compounds present in human sweat , saliva and urine can be analyzed using a technique known as gas chromatography - mass spectrometry .
Advertisement
Research published by the Royal Society in London in 2006 found " a substantial number of marker compounds ( in human sweat ) that can potentially differentiate individuals or groups . "
Researchers took five samples each from 179 individuals over a 10 - week period and analyzed them , finding hundreds of chemical markers that remained more or less constant for each individual over time .
An analysis of these compounds " found strong evidence for individual ( odor ) fingerprints , " the researchers concluded .
However , they warned that some individuals appear to have less distinctive odors than others , adding that " the reason for the variation in distinctiveness is unclear . "
More importantly , some individuals ' odors changed during the course of the study .
" Not all subjects had consistent marker compounds over time , which might be due to physiological , dietary or other changes , " the researchers concluded .
The researchers also cautioned that some of these marker compounds might be " exogenous chemical contaminants " from skin-care or perfume products or tobacco smoke and other substances present in an individual 's environment .
About a quarter of the 44 apparently distinctive marker compounds they were able to analyze appeared to be artificial contaminants , the researchers said .
" Determining the origins of individual and sex- specific odors -- and controlling exogenous chemical contaminants -- may provide the most important challenge for future … studies , " the researchers said .
Those challenges are likely to be significant , and they will multiply if the techniques are deployed in the field .
" While some of these sensors perform well in the lab , the real world may be different , " technology consultant and author John Vacca said .
" The technology is still in its infancy . "
Advertisement
Not all nuclear reactors are built alike .
Power plant designs can vary in their fuels , coolants and configurations , a fact beautifully illustrated by a series of reactor wall charts originally published in issues of Nuclear Engineering International during the 1970s and 1980s .
Since then , the charts have been lovingly collected by Ronald Knief , a nuclear engineer at Sandia National Laboratory .
Recently , he completed his collection with help from the Idaho National Laboratory library and began to digitize the drawings .
The first eight out of more than 100 have now been permanently archived online by the University of New Mexico libraries .
" This is not a CAD / CAM - type thing , " Knief said .
" This really is art . "
Like the maps that accompanied many issues of National Geographic , the charts were inserts that could be pulled out and tacked up like a poster .
They also served as teaching aids for Knief during his tenure at the University of New Mexico , and served to illustrate his books .
" He saved most of them , and it turns out that hardly anyone else saved them , including the publisher , " said Donna Cromer , a librarian at the University of New Mexico , who has worked with Knief on the project .
Drawn from reactors built in different nations , the cutaways direct attention to the variety that exists in reactor design .
Knief chose these eight as a cross-section of the industry .
" Each of them is representative somewhat of the state - of - the - art version of a particular reactor type , " Knief said .
Douglas Point , pictured above , is a boiling - water reactor .
In this type of plant , the coolant water flows directly through the fuel , boils and becomes steam , which drives a turbine .
" It 's a direct cycle , " Knief said , " similar to a standard coal plant . "
Boiling - water reactors are a common form of American reactor .
Story via Bibliodyssey
Image : Nuclear Engineering International / University of New Mexico
The dominant nuclear power plant type in the United States is the pressurized - water reactor .
SNUPPS , or Standardized Nuclear Unit Power Plant System , is one of a series of pressurized - water reactors built by Westinghouse .
In this kind of system , high pressure keeps the water flowing through the core from boiling .
The superheated water is then directed to a heat exchanger where it transfers its energy to a second set of lower - pressure pipes .
The water in them turns into steam , which then turns a generator .
Image : Nuclear Engineering International / University of New Mexico
Grand Gulf is a boiling water reactor designed by General Electric .
GE , Westinghouse and Babcock & Wilcox engineered the vast majority of American power plants .
Image : Nuclear Engineering International / University of New Mexico
The designs used by the nuclear industry are n't the same worldwide .
In Canada , natural — not enriched — uranium is used to power the CANDU reactors .
Natural uranium is composed of more than 99 percent uranium 238 , with just a small percentage of uranium 235 .
Enriching uranium increases the uranium 235 concentration in the material , which increases the amount of fission that occurs in a given amount of uranium .
The moderator in the CANDU reactor is heavy water , which has extra deuterium isotopes .
It 's used because it 's less likely to absorb neutrons than regular water , keeping the reaction from being " snuffed " out .
Image : Nuclear Engineering International / University of New Mexico
Fulton differs from the standard reactor because it uses graphite interlaced with uranium for fuel , like the very first critical nuclear " pile " built by Enrico Fermi and his colleagues under the football stadium at the University of Chicago .
Its coolant is helium gas .
Image : Nuclear Engineering International / University of New Mexico
Although China 's thirst for power has mostly been slaked by coal , the country has also completed some nuclear reactors like this Westinghouse - derived station built by the French company Framatome , now known as Areva .
Image : Nuclear Engineering International / University of New Mexico
The Oskarshamn nuclear power plant is one of 10 operating in Sweden .
The country , which also has large amounts of hydroelectric power , gets about 45 percent of its electricity from its reactors .
This plant is a boiling - water reactor .
Image : Nuclear Engineering International / University of New Mexico
The Super - Phenix was the only full - scale , liquid - metal , fast - breeder reactor .
That might sound esoteric , but for many years , a big chunk of the United States ' nuclear R&D program was devoted to just this kind of power plant .
Breeder reactors yield more fissile material than they use .
In other words , you get more plutonium out than you put uranium and plutonium in .
During an era when plutonium for weapons was considered essential and uranium supplies were thought to be scarce , breeders were a hot item .
Construction began on SFX in 1976 .
It was connected to the grid in 1986 and closed down in the late '90s .
The reactor experienced a variety of problems throughout its lifespan and spent a lot more time switched off than running .
Image : Nuclear Engineering International / University of New Mexico
Take a deep breath and savor the sweet stench of disappointment .
It ’s time for another installment of Wired.com ’s Vaporware Awards .
This is the 12th year we ’ve offered our annual roundup of the tech industry ’s biggest , brashest and most baffling unfulfilled promises .
As in years past , we turned to you , our readers , to offer suggestions on what we should include .
A few weeks ago , we posted the rules :
No rumors , it had to have been promised for this year , and anything that ended up delayed , derailed or otherwise absent was fair game .
You e-mailed , you commented , you tweeted .
There ’s one particular gaping hole this year .
We decided to give a pass to our long - reigning champ , Duke Nukem Forever .
We know , it just is n’t the same without Sir Duke , but it would n’t have been fair to include him , either .
Game company 3 - D Realms imploded this summer , and we ’re waiting for an official announcement from rights - holder Take - Two Interactive , before we declare this fish flesh or flush .
You can read the whole story now in the January issue of Wired magazine .
Two other big jobs got plenty of votes but were n’t included .
Boeing ’s 787 Dreamliner was popular , but the big bird actually flew , and the ship date has been 2010 for some time .
We ’re relying on those pesky union workers to earn it a slot on next year ’s list .
Same with the Large Hadron Collider .
The thing ( eventually ) turned on and did what it was supposed to do this year without exploding or causing total particle inversion on a universal scale .
So , no Vaporware Award .
The following 10 , however , were not so lucky .
Prepare to taste the waste .
10 . Spotify in the U.S .
The streaming - music service with the vast library , instant - play technology and the slick user experience launched in Britain in February 2009 .
Listeners went crazy for it , and Spotify now has millions of users across Europe .
The service was supposed to arrive stateside late this year , complete with streaming apps for the iPhone and for Android .
But so far , there ’s only been deafening silence .
Record labels still force partners into separate distribution deals for North America and the rest of the world , so Spotify has had to start over , signing a whole new set of contracts before opening up shop across the pond .
Complicating things is the fact that the cost of licensing on - demand music for the United States is excessive and unfriendly to Spotify ’s cheap - subscription model .
Meanwhile , savvy U.S. listeners are routing their streams through European proxy servers — or just going to LaLa or MOG — to get their fix .
Screenshot : Spotify ’s iPhone app
9. Pixel Qi’s display
Hardware start - up Pixel Qi has been promising a low - power , color , multimode display all year .
The company was founded by Mary Lou Jepsen , the brain behind the OLPC XO ’s innovative display , so you know they ’re good for it .
The Pixel Qi website still says its displays will be available in “ high - volume mass production ” by late 2009 .
And yet , you ca n’t get one .
No one we know of has seen one .
According to Jepsen ’s most recent blog post , they ’re now on schedule for Q1 2010 .
If the claims the company has been making during development bear out , this hot new display tech could upend the netbook and e-book markets .
But for now , it ’s still vapor .
Photo : Pixel Qi’s Screen / Mary Lou Jepsen
8. Mitsubishi 73 - inch LaserVue HDTV
Gadget lust hit new heights among the home entertainment crowd when Mistubishi first debuted its LaserVue line of 3 - D - ready , laser - powered , cinema - sized powerhouses .
These rear - projections
TVs have twice the color range of an LCD HDTV with lower power consumption .
And freakin’ lasers .
But sales of the “ small ” 65 - inch model , priced at $ 7,000 , were disappointing , and production of the planned 73 - inch model was halted , so Mistubishi could reassess the market for giant , expensive televisions in the midst of a shrinking economy .
Image : Mitsubishi
7. Penny Arcade Adventures : On the Rain - Slick Precipice of Darkness , Episode 3
Episodes 1 and 2 of this farcical role - playing game both came out in 2008 on multiple consoles and platforms .
The games won all sorts of awards and accolades from top publications , and earned raves from our own Game | Life blog .
The Penny Arcade games are short and episodic — play is limited to about five or six hours per adventure — so the only way to keep up the momentum is to release follow - up installments quickly .
Episodes 3 and 4 were set to arrive in 2009 , but neither has shown up .
Penny Arcade and the developers at Hothead Games have remained tight - lipped about the delays .
We ’d be happy just to see the third installment at this point .
Image : Penny Arcade / Hothead Games
6. D - Link Xtreme N450
This super - charged wireless N router from D - Link promises throughput of 450 Mbps — that ’s waay faster than any other N routers on the market , the fastest of which top out at about 300 Mbps .
The device has three antennas and all the extra bells and whistles ( glamour features on a router — wooo ) , but the crazy ridiculous throughput is the big selling point for the N450 .
The press release from CES 2009 ( back in January ) is still posted on D - Link ’s website , but the product never materialized .
Details about how the N450 achieves such blazing speed are sketchy , so we ’re expecting to see the proof once we get to taste the pudding .
Of course , the pudding has yet to hit the table .
Image : D - Link
5. TextMate 2
The award - winning Textmate code editor from MacroMates software is many a Mac programmer ’s dream tool .
It has powerful macros and auto - completing snippets for all the major programming languages and frameworks , and yet , it ’s simple to use and remarkably easy on the eyes .
Books have been written about it .
Some companies have their entire development teams running it .
But it ’s also been stuck in 1.x limbo for years .
Lead developer Allan Odgaard got so tired of answering the barrage of questions about TextMate 2 ’s release — including from those wondering if it would ever arrive — that he broke months of silence by posting a long sob story on his blog titled , “ Working on It . ”
He claimed version 2 is operational , but that it is “ lacking the spit and polish of a finished app . ”
He also refused to give a release date .
The fall 2009 release of Snow Leopard brought more compatibility setbacks .
It is perhaps no coincidence that Odgaard ’s chosen tagline for his app is “ The missing editor for OS X . ”
Image : MacroMates
4. Black Mesa
Black Mesa is a bizarre Frankenstein ’s monster of a game .
Part remake of the original Half - Life from 1998 , and part third - party mod of Half - Life 2 , Black Mesa is a complete ground - up rewrite of the first - person shooter using all new 3 - D models , textures and scripts .
It ’s being developed on top of the Source game engine .
Unlike Frankenstein ’s piecemeal creation , however , Black Mesa is still dead on the assembly table after almost six years of work .
At the end of 2008 , the development team posted a trailer featuring highlights from the game ( shown above ) , and announced a vague 2009 release date .
However , it was announced on the Black Mesa community forum in early December 2009 that the team would not be able to release the game in 2009 .
It ’s been pushed back to an early - 2010 release .
“ We placed a 2009 deadline on ourselves to motivate us and bring this six - year project to a close , ” writes project leader Carlos Montero .
“ And while we did n’t quite make it , we have come very close , and you can expect a complete , polished game to hit your hard drives in the near future .
We ’ll be sure and update if anything changes .
Until then , hang tight , it ’s coming ! ”
3. Red Scarlet Camera
Red Digital Cinema began causing waves among aspiring filmmaker types in 2007 when it introduced the Red One , the first digital cinema camera judged by the Hollywood elite to be truly worthy of the big screen .
It was a huge leap forward in both the quality and design of digital movie cameras , and now everyone ’s waiting to see what the company will do next .
They ’re going to have to keep waiting .
Red ’s most anticipated new camera is the Red Scarlet , the $ 3,000 little brother to the all - pro $ 17,500 Red One .
The Scarlet marks Red ’s first take on a high - end camcorder , and its specs blow away most other cameras in its price range .
It was promised in 2009 when it debuted at the 2008 NAB conference , but after numerous delays , the Red Scarlet is as elusive as the Scarlet Pimpernel .
It is now expected to arrive in May or June 2010 .
Shocker : Red ’s corporate mantra is “ Everything subject to change .
Count on it . ”
Reader dustypants writes , “ I have been waiting for this since last year , only to have it escalate in price three times and still not be released .
Lovable bastards . ”
Image : Red Digital Cinema
2. The CrunchPad
Big - daddy news blog TechCrunch has never shied away from pointing out the big mistakes being made by the various hopefuls trying to crack the tablet - PC market .
Site editor Michael Arrington had been seeing countless demos of these combination web - surfing , book - reading and video - playing devices , and he had judged most of them to be sub-standard .
So , Arrington hooked up with hardware - partner Fusion Garage and set out on a mission to create a better tablet — nay , the best tablet — for consumers .
The CrunchPad was envisioned , designed , priced at around $ 200 and slated for delivery by the end of 2009 .
However , Fusion Garage had different ideas .
The Singapore - based start up decided to bring the slim touchscreen device to market by itself without TechCrunch ’s involvement .
Both parties have made different claims about what the terms of the original agreement were , as well as who owns the intellectual property contained within the Linux - powered tablet .
Fusion Garage and TechCrunch are now involved in litigation , and the launch schedule is out the window .
The tablet has been renamed the JooJoo , the price tag is now $ 500 , and it ’s not arriving until next year .
Our readers , it seems , just want to get their hands on the thing .
“ I do n’t care if it was he said / she said , ” says Wayne Hartman .
“ Real artists ship ! ”
“ La tablette Crunch Pad est morte , ” says Merkapt .
“ Vive le JooJoo . ”
Photo : Wired.com
1. StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty
Another year , another “ almost done ” video game taking top prize .
This time , it goes to StarCraft II , Blizzard ’s long - anticipated sequel to the real - time strategy blockbuster StarCraft : Brood War .
The game picks up the story where the first game left off , continuing the battle between the Protoss , Terran and Zerg .
But the alien super - races must have signed some sort of armistice , because 12 years have lapsed since StarCraft ‘s release , and there ’s still no StarCraft II .
We were supposed to see a StarCraft II beta during 2009 , but it ’s been pushed back to first half of 2010 .
And the latest official announcements from Blizzard have pegged the game for a final - code release later in 2010 .
The company says the upcoming launch of its Battle .
net online gaming service is to blame .
So , we realize we ’re bending our own rules a little to include StarCraft II on this year ’s list .
But we reserve every right to do so based on several factors .
First , a playable version of StarCraft II debuted over two years ago at BlizzCon 2007 .
There ’s been no action since then , just an agonizingly long wait .
Furthermore , we ’ve seen first - hand reports , videos , demos and written reviews of the game all along , and the whole experience has been built up into an epic tease .
Finally , the public is downright irate .
We received more votes for StarCraft II from Wired.com readers than every other item on this list combined .
Here ’s a sample of some of your comments :
“ I do n’t care what Blizzard says .
It will never , ever be released . ”
– FireyFate
“ The waiting sucks .
It has been what , 12 years , since Brood War came out ?
Come on , Blizzard . ” – Aaron James Tangoan
“ I ’ve gone from ‘ I need this ’ to ‘ I could not care less . ' ”
– Luis Frost
“ Perhaps it ’s taking them extra time to figure out how to take the LAN networking code out . ”
– Andrew Lett
“ StarCraft : Brood War = Best RTS ever .
StarCraft II = Best RTS never . ” – Bill Cameron
“ I remembering pre-ordering it for my brother ’s birthday back in August of 2008 when Circuit City was still in business . ” –whoisdarr
“ So without Duke Nukem Forever , how am I supposed to get my name in the Vaporware survey ?
Guess I bet on the wrong horse .
Should ’ve picked StarCraft II . ” – Dennis Murphy
Image : Blizzard Software
The whole of Wired.com ’s editorial staff contributed to this article , but a special thank you goes to Senior Editor Dylan Tweney for his help .
See also :
Sketches By Leonardo Da Vinci ( Apparently )
I came across the following sketches that are said to be done by Leonardo Da Vinci himself .
With so much hoax news flying around one can never be too sure .
But , what i am sure of , is that the sketches are brilliant .
Take a look .
” Building – Magnificent ”
Breath - taking and got a fantastic feel to it .
Some kind of machine i suppose 🙂
Sci-fi-ism
==================================================================================
Letters By Vincent Van Gogh
A new exhibition in Amsterdam presents a spellbinding selection of letters sent by and to Vincent van Gogh .
The correspondence , which includes sketches of his own work , details the private life of the artist and reveals his thoughts on fellow painters .
The letters have been published both in a six - volume book by Thames & Hudson and online .
They are currently on display at the Van Gogh museum in Amsterdam and can be seen at the Royal Academy of Arts in London from 23 January 2010 .
Source : http://www.guardian.co.uk/artanddesign/gallery/2009/oct/07/vincent-van-gogh-letters
11 more pictures in the link above .
Boasting about your gamerscore is like measuring unicorn penises -- neither are real .
A test :
Go outside , stop someone , and tell them you 'll give them a whole 100 invisible ImagiPoints if they spend 10 minutes hopping on one leg .
Chances are , they 'll either give you a funny look or punch you in your stupid face .
Give a gamer a few Achievement points , and they 'll comply without question , and brag about it to all their other Achievement - hoarding friends .
The following achievements are real ... and have been nabbed by Xbots with far too much time on their hands .
You have to kill almost everyone else in free - for - all in four seconds , so you not only need to be Schwarzenegger , you need to be Schwarzenegger in " Commando " or be playing against four conjoined pacifists .
The odds against four Halo players getting close enough without Battle Rifling each other to bits are on par with being the first to say something homophobic in a PS3 / 360 discussion thread .
It 's so unlikely that you 've got a better chance just asking your enemies to let you shoot them in the head .
Unfortunately that 's exactly what people do .
A lot .
Screechingly .
Low - ranked lobbies are plagued by the begging of ultrasonic twelve year - olds , wrecking everyone else 's game for a single five - point achievement .
There 's an entire gaming culture based on " achievement matches " where achievements can be won by whining or knowing four other people as worthless as you are .
And once that little group is assembled , they line up for Spartan Two - in - Ones and everything else , shuffling space marines around the map into pretty arrangements and basically turning " Halo Deathmatch " into " Playing with dolls .
" A hypnotist could mesmerize you into dating your mother , as a chicken , and he still would n't be taking the piss as much as Activision .
" Buy a Guitar Already " rewards anyone working through a hard career using the Xbox controller -- at which point they might as well give points for listening to paintings or respecting Tila Tequila 's moral integrity , because they 're dealing with people who miss points so badly they can't see hedgehogs .
If you 're that good with your hands you could have spent those last few hours jerking off and still achieved more .
You'd be much more honest with yourself , your role in life , exactly how much you contribute to society .
You 're in a mall full of weapons , zombies , convicted murderers and a clown who thinks " Evil Dead " did n't have enough juggling in it .
If the important word there was " Mall ! " you 're not even a girl :
You 're an idiot Hollywood scriptwriter 's idea of a girl and are even now dreaming of clothes as you twirl the pink ribbons that spontaneously generate in your hair .
" Clothes Horse " rewards you for trying on every outfit in the Williamette mall , and since Black Mesa do n't sell HEV suits off the shelf , there 's less reason to be trying on clothes than there is to be playing a 2006 game and still having to goddamn go to the goddamn restroom to goddamn assholes save the stupid bastards stuck in the goddamn mall .
This achievement has a smaller market than " Quantum Mechanics for Sarah Palin . "
Someone who wants to try on pretty clothes but picks up Dead Rising obviously can't recognize letters or pictures enough to work out that they should be playing something else .
If you want to play Barbie with a controller , go buy FFX - 2 like all the other guys who are n't being honest enough with themselves .
Love the hot and sweet of this jelly .
Like most hot pepper jellies , it is wonderful spread over a block of cream cheese .
I also sometimes melt it down and use as a final baste on grilled back bacon , pork chops or chicken .
Prep time does not include sitting time for apricots and vinegar .
LATIFA ATIKAOAMANI , an election official , has just started counting ballot papers .
All day , the teaching supervisor and her wards have been helping women to vote in a classroom in Sarghuna High School in central Kabul .
She tallies each vote from piles of paper sorted according to the candidates in Afghanistan ’s presidential election .
From behind a cordon , three young election agents watch carefully .
Ninety - two women voted in Ms Atikaoamani ’s classroom .
Of that number , 58 voted for Hamid Karzai , the current president , who has led Afghanistan since the Taliban regime was ousted in 2001 .
In second place came Abdullah Abdullah , the former foreign minister , with 19 votes .
Trailing the leaders were Ashraf Ghani , a finance minister and former World Bank official , and Ramazan Bashardost , an anti-corruption campaigner .
In the section of the school reserved for men ’s voting , the story was much the same .
In one classroom , a large pile of ballots was accumulating for Mr Karzai , beside a more modest one for Mr Abdullah .
Preliminary results in the presidential election are expected on Monday .
The poll at the girls ’ school falls in line with polls conducted ahead of the election .
It also concurs with predictions by senior diplomats in Kabul that Mr Karzai has a good chance of winning outright in the first round , thereby avoiding a run-off .
However , a low turnout in yesterday ’s election , even in central Kabul , where security was tight , is likely to undermine the legitimacy of the result .
The Independent Election Commission predicted a 50 per cent turnout , but a considerably more slight vote threatens to give the losing candidates grounds to launch challenges .
It also plays into the hands of Taliban insurgents , who have urged people not to vote and who terrorised the ballot , which they claim is stage - managed by the US .
“ The number of voters is particularly low .
It does n’t really compare with previous elections , ” says Sayed Omar , an election observer and mathematics lecturer at King Fahd University in Saudi Arabia .
“ I ’m very surprised .
Some say it ’s because of security worries .
Others say it ’s because people have no interest , ” Mr Omar added .
“ The government has done much bribery and people do n’t trust the elections .
[ There are so few voters that ] it ’s like the people are dead . ”
He has heard that some polling stations in the Kabul area even closed by noon .
Mr Omar will be dumbfounded if Mr Karzai wins .
He cites the inability of Mr Karzai ’s government to spend money on improving basic services .
Similar complaints have been voiced by Mr Karzai ’s political opponents , who bemoan electricity shortages , bad roads and poor standards of education .
“ This area is one of the richest in the country .
But look at the [ broken ] chairs that our daughters have to sit on .
Look at the lights .
This is the best school in Kabul but it ’s worse than it was 40 years ago , ” he says .
Not everyone agrees .
Farida Nikzad , a high school graduate , said she was voting for Mr Karzai because life in Kabul was getting better .
Senior international election observers said turnout among the nearly five million registered voters varied considerably in different parts of the country .
“ It ’s going to be a lot of different elections – the question is how to put them all together , ” said an observer with the National Democratic Institute , a US not - for - profit group .
“ It ’s a really mixed bag in terms of normalcy , violence and low voter turnout . ”
He pointed to difficulties in provinces in the southern Pashtun belt , such as Khost , Paktika and Paktiya .
He added that voting in the north of the country , which has largely been spared the insurgency , had also been disrupted .
If turnout was disappointing in the capital , it was far worse in the provinces .
Insurgent attacks continued unabated across the country , in spite of efforts by the government to buy temporary peace on election day .
In Kabul , rocket and bomb attacks were reported .
In the Afghan capital ’s District 8 , a rocket - propelled grenade was fired at a polling station .
In the ensuing gunfight , which lasted for two hours , three militants were killed , said an eye - witness .
“ The Taliban deployed in small cells .
It seemed that they were creating diversionary tactics , ” said one security expert .
In Kandahar , the police said 28 incidents had taken place before noon .
These included Taliban attacks on three checkpoints and rocket fire into Kandahar city , killing three civilians .
Two roadside bombs exploded in polling stations , while 12 roadside bombs were deactivated in the city .
In District 10 , a poorer yet peaceful suburb of Kabul , the turnout was a little better than expected .
Fifty - two women came to the polling station staffed by Malalai Anwry , a psychology student at Kabul University , by midday .
Ms Anwry said more women , who usually work at home , had come to the polling station than she had expected , but she also said Afghanistan ’s turbulent history cast a long shadow over its people that was difficult to shake off with democracy .
“ Many people have lots of problems in the mind , ” she said .
“ There was 10 years of fighting and the Taliban regime was hard weather for them – for women . ”
As yesterday ’s vote shows , the country ’s “ hard weather ” has yet to lift .
– ( Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2009 )
We do n't think this case is going to work out for him
Californian resident Erik Estavillo filed a lawsuit today against World of Warcraft maker Activision Blizzard .
The man contends World of Warcraft is filled with illegalities , such as a slow game pace designed to make the player character " [ take ] longer to get where he or she needs to go , " according to a section of his civil complaint charge .
Besides the slow game pace , Estavillo also claims in the lawsuit his numerous health problems are caused by World of Warcraft .
OCD , Agoraphobia , Panic Disorder , depression and Crohn 's Disease -- yup , all from the game .
We suspect the judge presiding over this court case might ask him : " So ah , you say this game has given you six disorders -- so why did n't you stop playing it and stuff ? "
Further damaging the appearance of this lawsuit are two celebrities subpoenaed to support Estavillo 's case .
According to this seemingly off - kilter guy , Winona Ryder 's shared interest in J.D. Salinger 's classic
The Catcher in the Rye qualifies her presence in the court battle to " explain the signifcance of alienation in [ the novel ] and .
. . how alienation in [ it ] can tie to alienation in real life [ in ] video games such as World of Warcraft . "
Nope , we are n't making this up .
The second celebrity cited in the initial lawsuit paperwork is Depeche Mode founder Martin Lee Gore .
Estavillo named him in the lawsuit as a sort of ' alienation expert ' to testify on the matter , because he 's been known to be " sad , lonely and alienated , as can be seen in the songs he writes . "
This court case can be taken even less seriously because Estavillo is a sort of serial suer of game makers .
His last lawsuit was launched against Sony for his being banned in Resistance : Fall of Man ; at that time , he was reportedly enjoying the game Mortal Kombat Vs. DC , and was quoted as saying he was obsessed with playing as the Joker , and planned to " wear a purple suit during [ his ] court trials " in tribute .
Estavillo is hoping for $ 1,000,000 USD to help him deal with all of his troubles related to playing World of Warcraft .
Water recovery and re-use technology could become a key risk management tool for London ’s businesses as changing weather patterns
By : Ali Shah
End
-- Water recovery and re-use technology could become a key risk management tool for London ’s businesses as changing weather patterns , population growth and evolving regulation increase the potential for UK plc to face a future ‘ water crunch ’ .
The warning comes from sustainability experts Envirowise and follows research which found that 70 % of sustainability specialists consider the threat of dwindling water supplies to be equal to the impact of carbon emissions , while 54 % believe the world will run out of water before it runs out of fuel1 .
It is predicted that UK groundwater will begin to decrease by 2025 , with the overall amount of water available in English and Welsh rivers reducing by 15 per cent by 20502 .
In London , the issue is a particularly pressing one – the Environment Agency has identified the region as under serious water stress3 , highlighting the need for water efficiency measures to be implemented .
In addition , many companies could face changes to licences granted to allow water abstraction as result of the Water Act 20034 .
Sophie Greenhalgh , Envirowise Regional Manager for London , said : “ Water is set to become one of the most dramatically affected resources as the impact of climate change takes hold , but many businesses are not aware of the steps they can take to mitigate against this risk .
” Companies in the capital should explore practical steps including water saving devices and water recovery and reuse technology such as membrane filtration systems , which enable a large proportion of wastewater to be reused for processes such as heating , cooling and cleaning .
This can result in major cost savings through lower mains water and disposal charges , as well as an enhanced environmental reputation with customers and investors .
“ Taking such action now could not only pay enormous dividends in future years , it can also lead to short - term benefits .
In fact , recent Envirowise research5 revealed that UK companies could be missing out on combined savings of up to £ 10 million per day by failing to make changes in this area . ” UK businesses which pay income or corporation tax can also claim tax relief on recovery and reuse systems and water saving devices through the Water Technology List ( WTL ) , which is managed by Defra and HM Revenue & Customs in partnership with Envirowise as part of the Enhanced Capital Allowance ( ECA ) scheme for water - efficient technology .
Further information on the benefits of reducing water usage is available at www.envirowise.gov.uk.ENDSIssued on behalf of Envirowise and the WTL by Trimedia .
For further media information please contact Abi Dare or Davinia Livock on 0117 929 2311 .
Notes to editors1 ) Statistics taken from http://environment- analyst.com / downloads / Water - survey - pre ... , issue by WSP Energy & Environment , September 20092 )
Statistics taken from ‘ Water for people and the environment : Water Resources Strategy for England and Wales ’ , Environment Agency , March 20093 ) From ‘ Water resources in England and Wales – current state and future pressures ’ , Environment Agency , December 2008 ( http://publications.environment- agency.gov.uk/ pdf/GEHO120 ...
4 ) ‘ The Water Act 2003 : Modernising the Regulation of Water Resources ’ , published by the Environment Agency and available at http://www.environment- agency.gov.uk/ static / documents / Bus ...
5 ) Estimate based on data taken from ‘ A Review of Water Use in Industry and Commerce ’ Addendum Report , Envirowise , March 2008 About Envirowise : Envirowise is a Government - funded programme dedicated to putting the sustainable use of resources at the heart of UK business practice .
Since 1994
Envirowise has helped UK businesses save over £ 1bn by enabling them to significantly reduce their environmental footprints .
Envirowise offers businesses of all sizes and sectors a wide range of free , independent and practical advice designed to genuinely improve their processes , profitability and competitiveness .
Services include :• The Envirowise Advice Line on 0800 585794 •
An encyclopaedic website ( www.envirowise.gov.uk)of valuable and relevantinformation •
Over 200 events each year , from Product Design Workshops to major exhibitions About the WTL : Managed by Defra and HM Revenue & Customs in partnership with Envirowise , the WTL provides a selection of water efficient products that meet published eligibility criteria .
The web - based list , available at www.eca-water.gov.uk, is part of the Enhanced Capital Allowance ( ECA ) scheme for water saving technologies , enabling UK businesses which pay income or corporation tax to claim 100 per cent first - year capital allowances when they purchase listed products for use in their business .
This provides a helpful cash flow boost and results in a shortened payback period , allowing companies to quickly reap the financial benefits of water efficiency .
Since its launch in 2003 , the WTL has grown to encompass more than 1,800 products which qualify for tax relief .
These cover categories ranging from efficient taps and toilets to membrane filtration systems , mechanical seals , efficient washing machines and vehicle wash reclaim units .
http://www.envirowise.gov.uk#
# # About Envirowise : Envirowise is a Government - funded programme dedicated to putting the sustainable use of resources at the heart of UK business practice .
Since 1994
Envirowise has helped UK businesses save over £ 1bn by enabling them to significantly reduce their environmental footprints .
Envirowise offers businesses of all sizes and sectors a wide range of free , independent and practical advice designed to genuinely improve their processes , profitability and competitiveness .
Services include :• The Envirowise Advice Line on 0800 585794 •
An encyclopaedic website ( www.envirowise.gov.uk)of valuable and relevant information •
Over 200 events each year , from Product Design Workshops to major exhibitions
INDIANAPOLIS 
They tossed perfection away like a Christmas leftover .
They treated it with a casual shrug of the shoulders , disdain even , as if they were beyond such a trivial pursuit .
Standing on the precipice of NFL history , the Indianapolis Colts ' brain trust arrogantly , foolishly , treated Sunday 's second half like a preseason game .
The Colts rested many starters , particularly quarterback Peyton Manning , for most of the second half in Sunday 's 29 - 15 loss to the New York Jets at Lucas Oil Stadium — the Colts ' first loss of the season after a 14 - 0 start .
What happens now ?
Does this guarantee the Colts will reach the Super Bowl ?
Is that how it works ?
At least the New England Patriots ( 2007 ) and the New Orleans Saints ( '09 ) tried to do something special and noble , tried to do something that had been done just once in NFL history .
At least they tried to put a scare into the 1972 Miami Dolphins , who really should be sending a case of champagne up to Colts President Bill Polian and coach Jim Caldwell first thing this morning .
The Colts , though , could n't have been bothered .
They treated the second half as if it were gum on the bottom of a shoe .
They sent in backup quarterback Curtis Painter to hold on to a 15 - 10 lead , and it was like having Mel 's Detailing put the finishing touches on the Sistine Chapel .
It felt wrong .
It was wrong .
Cheap , really .
The players ?
They wanted this .
At least a fair shot at it .
" Who would n't ? " Reggie Wayne said .
" I mean . .. who would n't ?
Does n't everybody want to be a part of history ?
Not a season goes by that you do n't hear about the ' 72 Dolphins . "
He paused .
" I guess there 's a bigger picture , " Wayne said .
" We all wanted to play , but the big dog ( Caldwell ) made a decision and we have to roll with that decision .
We came out after halftime and felt like we were starting to roll and could score some points , but the manager took us off the mound . "
THE HUDDLE : Dolphins Don Shula salutes Colts after perfect bid ends
On a day when the locker room cleared out more quickly than usual , virtually every Colt was parroting the company line , Manning included .
And that 's no surprise .
This team does n't do controversy , at least not in public .
During most of the second half , Manning just stood silently and helplessly , watching as the perfect season circled the drain .
" We are followers of our head coach and the people in the organization to lead us and give us direction , " Manning said .
" That 's the way we 've always done around here .
Our job is to take instructions from our superiors and follow those instructions . "
At least in 2005 , the San Diego Chargers came to the RCA Dome and took the perfect season away from the Colts ' front - liners .
This time , the Colts flat - out gave it away .
Perhaps they are above all of that .
Maybe Polian and Caldwell are smarter than everybody else .
Or maybe they 're just too smart for their own good .
" The perfect season has never been one of our goals , " Caldwell said after becoming the first 14 - 1 head coach ever booed by his team 's fans .
" It 's never been anything we focused on or anything we talked about .
Obviously , we were placed in this situation , but you still have to look at your objective and keep an eye on what 's most important . "
There was no grousing about the decisions to sit several players , all of whom were dealing with injuries of some sort .
That 's the luxury you enjoy when you clinch the top seed in 13 games .
Ultimately , this was about one player — Manning .
The moment poor Painter came into the game in the third quarter , you could sense the deflation , in the offense , in the defense and in the crowd .
The Colts had waved the figurative white flag , and everybody knew it .
" Jim was going to make that call whenever he felt it was appropriate , " Polian said .
Asked about the fans ' angry response — and remember now , they 're still 14 - 1 — he said , " I understand that .. .. I can . "
In the end , this does n't make the Colts any more or less well - equipped to handle the coming postseason .
The truth is , they could win the whole thing ( in which case Polian and Caldwell will accept the mantle of genius ) or they could lose their first playoff game ( in which case , we will mention this game a couple thousand times ) .
This was n't about that , and really , nothing changes in terms of the team 's Super Bowl aspirations .
What mattered — or at least mattered to some of us , including the players — was the chance to become one of football 's forever teams .
The Jets ?
At home ?
With that offense ?
And then a game at Buffalo next week ?
It was right there .
Right there .
The Colts casually gave away this thing , spitting on football history along the way .
Maybe an organization that has lost its first - round playoff game four times in seven years knows a better way , but we 've seen what happens when this team stops trying to do its best to win .
Saw it in 2005 .
Saw it in '07 .
" Nobody said anything ( to Caldwell ) , " Wayne said .
" What could we say ?
This was his decision .
We 've got to live with it . "
The Colts are no less a Super Bowl contender today than they were two days ago .
But they had a chance , a rare opportunity to chase the ghosts of ' 72 .
And they acted like none of it mattered .
Someday , they will look back at this game , this moment in history , and decry the fact that they were n't allowed to chase the ultimate greatness .
The Indianapolis Star is owned by Gannett , parent company of USA TODAY
For as long as you have the dream , the passion , and the right tools , no dream is farfetched .
If you want to invest in a cutter that allows you to explore your passion , you need a perfect circuit machine to help you achieve that .
We have made this guide to help you buy the best circuit machines available in the market today .
Hopefully , our top picks will help you through the confusion , indecisiveness , and hustle that comes with shopping for the best there is in the market .
Cricut Maker
This is one of the best circuit machines available in the market today .
Circuit Marker is a powerful and very dependable machine and you can never go wrong using it .
It enables you to create anything from paper crafts , iron ons , and even leather crafts .
What makes this machine more interesting and suitable is its expandable double tools holder .
This machine has a fast - cutting speed with its powerful blade .
The rotary blade is designed to cut through fabrics and surfaces perfectly well .
For extra cutting power , this machine is designed for rolling and gliding action that makes cutting the surface both effective and controllable action .
Circuit Maker has pens and scoring tools .
Its structure is designed to simplify sewing and quilting on a large scale using digital technology .
It has a variety of digital sewing patterns and all you will need to do is to sew them together .
There is also the benefit of free simple design apps with the convenience of your mobile device and the computer .
Both images and fonts are free in any format .
This machine also has a docking slot for holding your device and a USB charging port .
Pros
It has very powerful blades .
It has a device USB charging port .
It has a docking slot .
It gives access to hundreds of digital sewing projects .
Its engine is turbocharged .
It has an excellent design .
It uses automated technology .
It is suitable for both beginners and professionals .
It is easy to use .
Cons
It has a very limited cutting area .
It is a bit pricey .
Cricut Explore One Cutting Machine
This electronic cutting machine enables you to handle any DIY projects in the comfort of your preferred space .
This machine has a wealth of features that will make your cutting project a very interesting and easy experience .
To start with , this machine has a link to Design Space Software .
Circuit Explore
One machine has 50 k+ free images that you can easily use for your designs .
All you need to do is to upload them and cut your images at absolutely no cost .
This machine also has free cloud - based apps that are compatible with various devices such as PCs , Mac , and iPhone .
Cutting wirelessly using this machine is very possible .
All you need to do is to purchase a wireless Bluetooth adapter and fit into your machine .
This machine is designed for a wide range of materials .
You can use it to cut iron - on , adhesive vinyl , and even leather fabrics .
This machine is most suited for DIY crafts and projects .
Pros
It is fitted with a smart dial setting
It has a powerful premium blade .
It has a USB port for charging your device .
It cuts to different dimensions .
It has 50 k+ free images .
It is tiny and portable .
It is affordable .
It allows wireless operations .
It accepts Bluetooth for wireless purposes .
It cuts a wide variety of materials .
Cons
It mostly cuts light materials .
The software it uses can only be accessed on the web .
The Bluetooth comes at an extra cost .
Cricut Expression 2 Machine
This machine has a whole new look and design with a very eye - catching look .
It is both powerful and versatile as it can perform the most basic tasks .
This all fun to use machine features a full - color LCD touch screen to work with .
This means that one does not require any extra device to manipulate and move around the images .
This machine can also be connected to the online platform to use various programs and software .
This machine also has other amazing features such as auto - fill and load last .
It also has a classic fit to page feature .
With this machine , you can use the independent image sizing feature to manipulate your images to suit your preference .
This machine is very easy to use , and it does not require any professional skills .
If you are ignorant of how to maneuver through graphic designs , this is the best machine to go for .
With the right cartridges plugged into the right place , you are good to work on your designs .
In a few words , this machine is an absolute time - saver .
Pros
It has a full - color LCD touch screen .
It does not require the use of a computer .
It is a time saver machine .
You can access free designs and software through this machine .
With this machine , you can work with most materials .
It comes with a 1 - year warranty .
It is easy to use .
You can access the online features .
It has thousands of images to work with .
It is powerful .
It is fun to use this machine .
Cons
You can not use custom made designs with this machine .
Cricut Explore Air 2 Mint
This versatile DIY machine is designed to accurately cut over 100+ ranges of materials .
It is powerful enough and has all the features one needs to undertake a lightweight project .
In fact , this machine has been named as one of the fastest circuit machines you can access in the market .
Its double tools holder enables the machine to cut , write , and scour all at the same time .
This machine is very easy to understand and use it to undertake compatible projects .
It has a premium Fine Point Blade and Housing .
This machine also has a software design space .
After purchase , this machine comes with a 2 - week free trial to Circuit access .
Circuit Explorer Air 2
Mint to create custom made designs and upload them using your computer .
This process is absolutely free , and it enhances your Design Space experience .
It has support groups all across the social media platforms which enable sharing of ideas and tips about the machine and similar projects .
Pros
It is one of the fastest .
It is powerful .
It has a double tool holder .
It is fitted with Bluetooth wireless technology .
It has two operations mode .
It can cut wood .
Its blades are powerful .
It accepts custom designs .
It has storage compartments .
Compact designs .
Cons
The software requires internet access .
It is a very loud machine .
It has no apps on Android devices .
Cricut Easy Press Mini Machine
This mini machine is both compact and stylish in design .
This machine is also very tiny but more effective when compared to most circuit cutting machines available in the market today .
It is very easy to use and just as functional as the large - sized circuit machines .
It is also very safe and lightweight to mean that it is ideal for on the go purpose .
If you are looking for a machine to use for your heat transfer projects , this should be your number one choice .
It is most suitable for customizing unusual projects like shoes or even stuffed animals .
It is designed with a ceramic coat plate .
This makes it ideal for dry , and even edge to edge heat .
Circuit Easy Press Mini Machine has an Infusible Ink project with a maximum input of 120v .
This machine is also fitted with a timer and has a shut - off element that makes it very safe to use .
This machine is effective , and it produces quality prints .
Its base has been insulated to further safety and its price makes this machine an outright steal .
Pros
It is portable .
It is very safe to use .
It has an insulated base .
It is designed for small projects .
It has shut - off features .
It is fitted with a timer .
It accepts customized projects .
It is very easy to use .
It is stylish and attractive .
It is lightweight and adjustable .
It uses infusible ink .
It is affordable .
Cons
It is not suitable for large projects .
The quality is not so great .
It does neither heat evenly nor reaches the stated temperature .
Features to Consider When Buying a Cricut Machine
Buying a circuit machine is not the typical go to the store and just pick an affair .
If you want something with superior quality and highly functional , there are key features to have in mind when going out to shop or making an order online .
* Lynn and Charlie have been together for over 20 years , and were married on August 13 , 2002 : Click here for photos of their wedding trip .
Blushing dusty nebula
Show in archive : true
This close - up of an area in the northwest region of the large Iris Nebula seems to be clogged with cosmic dust .
With bright light from the nearby star HD 200775 illuminating it , from above in this view , the dust resembles thick mounds of billowing cotton .
It is actually made up of tiny particles of solid matter , with sizes from ten to a hundred times smaller than those of the dust grains we find at home .
Both background and foreground stars are dotted throughout the image .
Researchers studying the object are particularly interested in the region to the left and slightly above centre in the image , where dusty filaments appear redder than is expected .
North is down , East is right .
The field of view is 3.3 arcminutes .
The image is a composite of four images obtained through blue , green , near - infrared and H - alpha filters .
A new project to create a 3D map of space so large that scientists can find a 500 million - light - year - size remnant from the early universe inside it began operation last month .
The Baryon Oscillation Spectroscopic Survey opened its eyes to the universe , taking in data from hundreds of galaxies and quasars in the constellation Aquarius , from its perch on the Apache Point Observatory in New Mexico .
Eventually , it will image two million galaxies and quasars .
“ The data from BOSS will be some of the best ever obtained on the large - scale structure of the universe , " said David Schlegel , an astronomer heading the team from Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory , in a press release .
BOSS was built atop the Sloan Digital Sky Survey infrastructure , which created a smaller map of the universe in our neighborhood .
The scientists put in new CCDs to better capture the infrared light that arrives redshifted from its trip across billions of light - years .
They also remade the fiber optics system so they could capture more objects .
" We 've rebuilt this telescope to make a much bigger map of the sky .
We put in more optical fibers .
We jammed in as many as we could fit , " Schlegel said .
" It 's a mix of high - tech and low - tech .
Every object we observe , we machine these plug plates and plug in these optical fibers . "
( See the image at the top of the page . )
Over vast areas millions of light - years across , the astronomers will map the enormous imprint of compression waves that blew through the early , hot universe and became etched into the distribution of matter .
It 's like measuring a sound wave pushing air molecules around , Schlegel said , but what the wave has moved is galaxies instead of molecules .
" These sound waves have been imprinted on the structure of everything in the universe .
Most famously , they are seen in the microwave background , " Schlegel told Wired.com .
" But you can also see it imprinted on all the structures of the galaxies today . "
That imprint , called the baryon acoustic oscillation , will yield important insights about the nature of dark energy , about which we know next to nothing .
Scientists will be able to use the BAO as an enormous ruler for measuring how the universe has expanded .
" It 's a big- ass ruler , " said Schlegel .
" It happens to be about 500 million light - years .
Even for us , that 's big . "
BOSS will be observing the sky for the next five years .
What the scientists hope the ruler will allow them to do is understand the period of accelerating expansion that began about six billion years ago .
" What we think happened is that we 've entered this period of acceleration of the universe just in the last six billion years , " Schlegel said .
" When the universe was half as old as it is now , it was decelerating and then all of a sudden it started accelerating , which we do n't understand . "
The problem is that we do n't have good data from that time period .
Thanks to intensive study of the cosmic background radiation , we have expansion information from when the universe was only 400,000 years old .
Then we have very recent observations from supernovae .
" But we do n't have much in between , " Schlegel said .
If BOSS can fill in that gap , we could not only learn about this mysterious something we call dark energy , but also grasp what happened during the universe 's adolescent growth spurt .
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
Time Warner , perhaps hip to the fact that I have n't bothered to check my meat space snail mail mailbox in the last three weeks , took matters into their own hands and inserted this warning directly into my browser .
Advertisement
At this point , file sharing warnings via snail mail and e-mail are pretty commonplace .
But this is the first time I 've heard of an ISP taking the matter straight to the browser .
At first I was worried , and then I was a bit annoyed , but I have to say , I give them credit for giving me the benefit of the doubt here .
The purpose of this email
and by email they mean the electronic message they forced onto my screen
is to remind you that the distribution of copyrighted material in this fashion may violate both copyright laws and Road Runner 's terms of service , and to tell you a bit about peer - to - peer programs , the dangers they can pose to your computer and our network , and the steps you can take to protect yourself .
Advertisement
Considering all of the horror stories you hear , this was a pretty reasonable intervention .
All I had to do was click , " I am aware of this issue and will take steps to resolve it , " and I was on my merry way .
Whether those steps should be deleting all the copyrighted material off my computer , removing my P2P software , getting my shit together and using a private tracker , or just trying a little bit harder to resist the urge to download Nic Cage 's entire filmography on Mininova , they do n't say .
But as Road Runner did n't treat me like a criminal , I 'll respect them by not being one .
Or at least being a sneakier one .
For some people , one copyright violation notice from their ISP is enough to scare them straight forever .
Others wear their warnings like badges of honor .
What are your experiences with ISPs and copyright infringement ?
Weigh in in the comments .
AMERICA is the wealthiest country in the world and its rich keep earning more .
In 2007 , the latest year for which data are available , the top 1 % increased their share of the country 's income to 23.5 % , according to analysis of tax returns by a pair of economists , Emmanuel Saez and Thomas Piketty .
The concentration of income earned by this top percentile now stands at its highest since 1928 .
Two - thirds of the country 's total gains in the five years to 2007 accrued to the top 1 % , whereas the bottom 90th percentile saw only 12 % of the extra income .
AFP / Shutterstock
Many lawyers leave their clients in the dark during the course of their case , but not us .
We understand how stressful it can be not knowing what is going on with your case , and we stay available for your questions and concerns day and night .
You will work directly with attorney Whelan , who will fight tirelessly for your rights without judgment .
We recognize the importance of trust in an attorney - client relationship , and we strive to earn and keep yours every step of the way .
Well , fellow adoring fans , it has arrived .
The latest visual opus from Lady Gaga involves Hitchcockian puns , a disco lizard ballerina , a polar bear cape , space pods , and plenty of pop culture references we can’t spell out before the jump .
Click through for our screen - by - screen analysis of the video for “ Bad Romance , ” complete with more cultural touchstones than you can shake a stick at ( Anna Wintour !
Where the Wild Things Are ! , Nurse Mildred Ratched ! ) 12 costume changes , and at least one full disrobing .
What happens when Anna Wintour gets cast in the revival of Rocky Horror Picture Show .
Pod creatures borrowed from the set trailer of Janet and Michael Jackson ’s 1993 space duet “ Scream . ”
Not even Lady Gaga is immune to the charms of Where the Wild Things Are .
She ’s professed her admiration of Warhol , why not Jean - Michel Basquiat ?
“ Black Hole Sun ” meets Hello Kitty revisit .
Evil nurses are rife in pop culture .
See : One Flew Over the Cuckoo ’s Nest .
Say , that looks a lot like Madonna in the “ Take a Bow ” years .
Time out for a second .
Where ’s Gaga ’s rib cage and spinal column ?
Or is she fully robotic .
Just another day , pantomiming hand jobs in Britney - approved rhinestones and nude body stocking .
Oh wait , no… there ’s no body stocking .
Hello , hairless cat .
Did you escape from your master ?
When in doubt , reference The Matrix .
This one screams Kanye to us : sunglasses , chrome , come to Jesus pose .
Fabulous !
Lounge lizard meets disco ball meets ballerina .
How in the hell does she walk in those shoes lobster claws ?
Looks a bit like Daphne Guinness , no ?
This cape is not PETA - approved .
confirmed as a reworked piece from designer Benjamin Cho ’s 2004 collection .
PETA has yet to comment .
Behold , a woman scorned .
2001 : A Space Odyssey meets Wild West hooker party .
Are we to assume her sparking bosom lit that bed on fire ?
If so , fantastic !
And in addition to pyromania , psychosis , nymphomania , and narcissism , Lady Gaga suffers from a disease called AWESOME that means she can make anal sex jokes out of Alfred Hitchcock films :
I want your psycho / Your vertigo stick /
Want you in my rear window /
Baby you ’re sick / I want your love
Now that is talent .
Mars marvel : Stunning image of the Red Planet in winter
Advertisement
Swirling with a myriad of shapes and textures this stunning image shows the surface of Mars in extraordinary detail .
These dunes seen within a crater on the planet were picked out by Nasa 's High Resolution Imaging Science Experiment ( HiRiSE ) camera .
The crater is in the Red Planet 's southern hemisphere and it was winter at the time the picture was taken .
The brighter areas picked out by the camera on Mars are being seen as as carbon dioxide or water frost .
This is generally concentrated on the east - facing slopes of the dunes , which are shadow and therefore cooler
Final preparations on HIRISE .
Built under the direction of the University of Arizona it has picked up seasonal changes on the dunes of Mars
The 65kg camera is on board the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter and it picked the season 's changes on the dunes .
HIRISE consists of a 0.5 m reflecting telescope , the largest of any deep space mission .
Built under the direction of the University of Arizona if also found a number of other interesting phenomena .
The brighter areas picked out are being seen as as carbon dioxide or water frost .
This is generally concentrated on the east - facing slopes of the dunes , which are shadow and therefore cooler .
Some dark spots on the dunes may be areas that have defrosted more than the surrounding terrain .
Dark - toned streaks are seen on many of the west - facing dune slopes .
The general dune morphology indicates formation by westerly winds .
However , closer examination of the image shows smaller - scale ripples that appear to have been formed by winds blowing from the south and north .
news Stopping to Take in Yonge Street
Yonge Street may not be the world ’s longest street , but as Ismail Atiev discovered when he set out to capture its length , it ’s still pretty damn long .
After first experimenting with stop motion in “ The Stop Motion Experience , ” Atiev , who ’s an aspiring musician and cinematographer , wanted to “ up the level ” for his next video and do something crazy .
So , starting at 9 a.m. on a clear day in April , he and his friend , Djabrail Tataev , armed themselves with two cameras and walked forty - two kilometres from Yonge and Wellington Streets in Aurora to the point where Yonge Street begins at Queens Quay in Toronto — a journey that took them fourteen hours to complete .
Collecting the photos for this video was an arduous process .
For the duration of the trip , the two stayed approximately ten metres apart and every thirty steps or so turned to take each others ’ photos .
“ We must have looked really strange , ” Atiev told Torontoist .
“ A lot of people were wondering what we were doing , but I was so set on finishing this thing that I had no time to stop and describe what we were doing ; it would just be too long of a story . ”
Besides the endless questions , their biggest time - killer was the cameras ’ batteries , which kept dying near the end and forced them on several occasions to duck into a fast - food establishment for a quick recharge .
The other big problem was the distance .
“ I ’ve never walked that much in a single day , ” explained Atiev .
“ Pretty much after Bloor and Yonge our feet were just killing us . ”
But the pain was worth it .
“ What I enjoyed about making this video is that when we start in Aurora , you can see how rural it is — a bunch of fields and not a lot of buildings — and as you ’re going , you can just see the buildings getting bigger and higher and the more lights and cars . ”
Atiev already has his next project planned , which he says is “ going to be ten times harder than the Yonge Street video and a lot more epic . ”
This article originally misspelled Djabrail Tataev ’s last name as “ Pataeve , ” the result of a transcription error .
The article has also been updated to replace Djabrail ’s nickname , “ D.J. ” , with his full first name .
Health Care Reform needs Natural Medicine - NewsGrabs Tuesday , 6 October 2009
Health Care Reform needs Natural Medicine
Health care cannot be reformed if we are to rely on prescription drugs and the doctors who push them .
We can not be safe and healthy without the knowledge that if the food we buy is not organic , it is loaded with chemicals used in a variety of poisonous products .
Poison kills , or it would n't be poison !
Eventually our bodies break down and lose the ability to heal themselves , yet we go running back to the doctor for more pills !
Americans need to get off drugs .
We need to look at the big picture and realize that we have other choices .
We need to accept Natural Medicine and Whole Body Healing as a legal medical practice that is safe and focused on our well being .
European Union : Probiotic health claims dismissed
Scientists at the European Food Safety Agency ( EFSA ) looked at 180 health claims for the supplements .
They rejected 10 claims and said a further 170 had not provided enough evidence of their effects .
Europe will have very " clean " food labels it seems .
No health information allowed .
But do we really need the Brussels Commission to protect us from finding out what certain foods might be good for ?
Are they thinking we are so weak we can't be trusted to read what someone believes their product is good for ?
100 % protected - 100 % governed .
Go Europe , go ... good for you ! :-(
EU : Pressure against Lisbon Treaty intensifies
With increasing numbers of European citizens showing their concerns about ratification of the Lisbon Treaty , the pressure against Lisbon is clearly intensifying , and it seems that ‘ No ’ voters are being encouraged by the ‘ Klaus ’ factor .
In an article written in June 2008 about the Czech threat to the Lisbon Treaty , the BBC quoted Sarkozy , as having said " Ireland is a problem , but if we have a second or third problem then it 's really going to get difficult " .
Treaty of Lisbon : Questions about the Irish Referendum
May I take the opportunity of saying that the current Lisbon referendum , as I presume you have noted , has been characterized by monstrous illegality on the part of several key parties , as follows : -
1 . The intervention of the European Commission , which is unlawful under European law
2 . The part - funding of the posters and press advertisements of most of Ireland 's Yes - side political parties by their sister parties in the European Parliament
3 . The Government 's unlawful use of public funds
4 . The failure of your own Referendum Commission to carry out its statutory function ...
Daily sweets ' linked to violence '
The Cardiff University study involving 17,500 people is the first into effects of childhood diet on adult violence .
It found 10 - year - olds who ate sweets daily were significantly more likely to have a violence conviction by age 34 .
Are You Depressed , or Just Human ?
The message -- all sadness is depression , depression is a chemical imbalance in the brain , this pill will make you happy , your doctor will get it for you -- could not be clearer .
The fact that the ad appears on television , the ultimate mass medium , also implies that depression is extremely common .
Study : Paxil Is Worst Drug For Suicide Attempts
An interesting paper came out in PLoS last week in which researchers from the University of Alabama looked at suicidal ideations reported in the FDA 's adverse events database for 832 prescription drugs and compared that with suicide attempts reported in the database .
The study covered 2004 through 2008 and found that Paxil was by far the worst drug of any kind on the market with 1,323 suicide attempts .
Paxil accounted for about one - third of all suicide attempts reported for all 32 anti-depressants ( 1,323 for Paxil and 3,572 for all anti-depressants ) .
Keep doctors independent ; ban fees from drug makers
Patients trust doctors as stewards of their health .
They revere them as scientists who can exercise sound , independent judgment .
Allowing doctors to promote drugs for pharmaceutical companies takes advantage of that trust and reverence .
It also compromises doctors ’ most important work : treating people who are ill .
Blockbuster Primate Study Shows Significant Harm from One Birth Dose of a Mercury - Containing Vaccine
A research team led by scientists from the University of Pittsburgh and Thoughtful House reported today that exposure to a birth dose of a hepatitis B vaccine that included an ethyl mercury preservative caused significant delays in the development of several survival reflexes in male rhesus macaque monkeys .
The findings were published on line today in the journal Neurotoxicology .
And here we are injecting that stuff into our babies quite routinely .
Why should we allow this ?
Advocacy Groups Ask President Obama to Order Suspension of Hepatitis B Vaccine Birth Dose
Considering a demonstrated 50 % increase in autism prevalence , combined with two recent studies indicating a potential role of the Hepatitis B vaccine as a factor in the development of autism , advocacy groups urge President Obama to order the immediate suspension of the recommendation and administration of the birth dose of Hepatitis B vaccine for all newborns – with the exception of rare cases where the mother tests positive for Hepatitis B .
Members of European Parliament question swine flu vaccine safety
Françoise Grossetête , a French Member of the EPP group said : " Loads of people say that seasonal flu is not that dangerous and not that many people die per year .
If the N1H1 is similar to that why make such a fuss about it ? "
H1N1 Swine Flu Vaccine Insert Warns of Guillain - Barre Syndrome , Vasculitis , Paralysis , Anaphylactic Shock , Death
( link from stephentvedten.blogspot.com - blog censored by Blogger .
Check out his other site at http://www.stephentvedten.com/ )
According to the package insert , the vaccine ( based on an earlier vaccine product known as Fluvirin ) is known to cause a whole host of very nasty side effects such as guillain - barre syndrome , vasculitis , anaphylactic shock and even death .
Of course anyone who has been studying vaccine side effects already knows that it causes all of these things , but the story here is that the insert for the swine flu vaccine itself is admitting all of these things .
The insert says that it was updated during September 2009 , so it reflects the very latest information .
Facts and Fiction About the 2009 Swine Flu Pandemic
In May 2009 the World Health Organization ( WHO ) stated that the outbreak of swine flu had passed and that there was no immediate danger of its spread .
However , a month later ( June 2009 ) , after a wave of various medical expert opinions surfaced predicting dire outcomes from swine flu virus , the WHO revised its statement and declared a swine flu pandemic .
Of course , this put a lot of pressure on the governments of many countries to mobilize their resources and get ready to meet the challenge of combating the flu with drugs and vaccines ...
Influenza diagnostic testing cannot distinguish between H1N1 and other viruses
You may not be able to find out definitively what flu virus you have .
Currently available rapid influenza diagnostic tests cannot distinguish between 2009 H1N1 and seasonal influenza A viruses .
Most people with flu symptoms this season will not require testing for 2009 H1N1 because the test results usually do not change how you are treated .
As of September 2009 , more than 99 % of circulating influenza viruses in the United States are 2009 H1N1 .
So it seems that " the flu " ( the seasonal one ) has morphed into " the swine flu " this year .
No distinction is being made between the flu and the swine flu .
One interesting question remains to be answered :
How does the CDC know that 99 % of the flu virus currently on the loose in the USA is H1N1 when their tests either cannot distinguish or are n't even being performed on the vast majority of cases ?
Clairvoyance ?
Or is it just a matter of " selling " the vaccine ?
A Heretic ’s View of Influenza ’s Role in Health & Disease
The immune system is the complex interaction between white blood cells , antibodies , hormones , proteins , enzymes , and inflammatory molecules called cytokines .
All act in silent synchrony to maintain health .
The body is exposed to billions of microbes on the skin , in the mouth , in the digestive tract , and on everything we touch .
Microbes that coexist with humans are called symbionts — organisms we have a beneficial relationship with , and are considered to be part of , our normal flora .
The immune system can easily recognize non-symbionts and effectively eliminates them .
This process occurs thousands of times per day with little fanfare .
However , it is not the “ invasion ” by external microbes that leads to symptoms known as an infection ; it is the compromise of the immune system due to the contamination of the terrain that allows this to occur .
Prediction :
What antiretroviral drugs will accomplish
Prediction 1 : The rates of death among young and middle - aged adults from “ non- AIDS ” conditions like heart failure , kidney failure , liver failure , and assorted cancers will begin to increase significantly within a decade .
Prediction 2 : The proportion of those “ benefiting ” from antiretroviral drugs who die or drop out will increase steadily .
Prediction 3 : For years , perhaps many years , these predicted happenings will be masked from general view by fudging of “ drop - out ” and death statistics .
Iatrogenic deaths will be reported as something else .
Eventually , though , it will become impossible to hide the real facts since they will become increasingly obvious to lay observers .
The Mitochondria & Degenerative Diseases or How ARVS cause AIDS
The fact that the slowing down , manipulation , and damage of the mitochondria is one of the tell tale signs of all degenerative diseases ... and that the drugs slow down and damage the mitochondria is something that really needs to be discussed .
In a recent study where they put several non-HIV positive people on HAART after only thirty days all showed mitochondrial DNA damage ...
Raindance Film Festival Screens House of Numbers - " A stunning piece of filmmaking ! "
We were flooded with hate mail , emails , legal letters couriered from the States from all sorts of people threatening us and accusing us of being prissy and smug about showing this film obviously from people who obviously had n’t seen it accusing this film of being an “ AIDS denialist ” film and I ’ve just seen the film and it ’s obviously not an “ AIDS denialist ” film at all .
It ’s just a brilliant piece of filmmaking – journalistic filmmaking which , anyone who takes the time and effort to see it should completely re-examine their view of the whole AIDS / HIV question …
I think history is gonna be re-written or should be re-written and perhaps this … film is one of the first steps .
The demise of the dollar
In the most profound financial change in recent Middle East history , Gulf Arabs are planning – along with China , Russia , Japan and France – to end dollar dealings for oil , moving instead to a basket of currencies including the Japanese yen and Chinese yuan , the euro , gold and a new , unified currency planned for nations in the Gulf Co-operation Council , including Saudi Arabia , Abu Dhabi , Kuwait and Qatar .
Secret meetings have already been held by finance ministers and central bank governors in Russia , China , Japan and Brazil to work on the scheme , which will mean that oil will no longer be priced in dollars .
This change has been bubbling under the surface for some years now .
Here is what I wrote six years ago : Will Oil End War Economy ?
- - -
CONTRIBUTE to these health newsgrabs .
Just tell me about a link you think is interesting .
Email me at ( sepp - at- lastrega - dot- com )
twitter ( healthsupreme )
facebook ( facebook.com/hasslberger )
And , by the way , there is much more information out there ...
There is a lot I cannot cover but other sources for this kind of information exist .
...
Dr Mercola 's health blog , Mike Adams ' Natural News and the One Click Group in the UK have good health information .
The Dr Rath Foundation is also putting out a weekly collection of health related news .
Here is the link to their Newsletter Archive .
For the influence of electromagnetic waves from radio , mobile phones and other radio emitting devices , check out the emr-updates group on Yahoo .
Genetic modification and issues around agriculture and foods are reported on the Organic Consumers Association site .
A few sites to keep up to date with the other side of world affairs , the stuff you wo n't necessarily find on your tv or in the papers :
http://www.whatreallyhappened.com
http://www.commondreams.org
http://www.globalresearch.ca/
http://www.truthout.org/
- - -
The individual is supreme and finds its way through intuition
Credo Action has launched a campaign to send a message to Verizon Wireless :
Why is Verizon Wireless co-sponsoring a pro-coal , anti-environment rally on Labor Day ?
It 's called the Friends of America Rally and over 25,000 people have already RSVPed to attend a political event to promote climate change denial and mountaintop removal mining .
Massey Energy , a dirty coal company and the most egregious violator of the Clean Water Act in history , is the moving force behind the event .
The rally features speeches by prominent global warming denier Lord Christopher Monckton and conservative pundit Sean Hannity .
Ted Nugent will provide musical entertainment .
Don Blankenship , CEO of Massey Energy , issued his invitation to the rally via a video onYouTube .
In it he says :
" Hello I'm Don Blankenship and I 'd like to invite you to a Labor Day rally in West Virginia .
We 're going to have Hank Williams and have a good time but we 're also going to learn how environmental extremists and corporate America are both trying to destroy your jobs . "
We are not making this up .
For more information read check out this blog post from our friends at The Nation .
Companies like Verizon Wireless may say they are not making a political statement when they participate in events like these .
But it 's never just about marketing .
After all this is the same company that made a decision to block NARAL Pro-Choice America 's text messages from its network .
Verizon Wireless has choices .
And once again , it 's made a very poor one .
Tell Lowell McAdam , President and CEO of Verizon Wireless to issue a public apology and immediately withdraw all support from this extremist , anti-environmental rally .
A tugboat struck the same reef as the Exxon Valdez tanker 20 years ago , spilling diesel into Alaska ’s Prince William Sound and creating a three - mile - long slick , the US Coast Guard said on Friday .
An unknown quantity of the fuel leaked from the Pathfinder tug after it ran aground Wednesday on Bligh Reef .
The boat ’s owners were pumping the remaining diesel from the original 33,500 gallons ( 127,000 liters ) in its tanks .
ADVERTISEMENT
Flyovers by a C - 130 cargo plane and helicopters revealed “ a light grey or silver diesel sheen spanning an area approximately three miles ( five kilometers ) long and 30 yards ( meters ) wide approximately one mile east of Glacier Island , ” the Coast Guard said on its website .
The tug had been scouting shipping lanes for ice when it struck the same rock that did for the Exxon Valdez on March 24 , 1989 , spilling 11 million gallons of crude into the sea in the worst US oil disaster .
Wednesday ’s accident was nothing like on the same scale and the Coast Guard said the slick was “ rapidly dissipating ” and not expected to hit the shoreline of Glacier Island for some time .
Experts surrounded the boat with containment booms to prevent the slick from spreading , while a recovery vessel , the Valdez Star , was using oil skimmers to try and recover spilled fuel .
“ There ’s no recoverable sheen , ” Jim Butler , a spokesman for Crowley Maritime Service which owns the tug , told the Anchorage Daily News ( ADN ) .
ADVERTISEMENT
When the remaining fuel is removed , officials will be able to estimate how much spilled into the sound , the Coast Guard said .
Butler said it was not clear how the tug ran aground , ADN reported , but a navigational error at such a well - known spot left some people dumbstruck .
“ Like most Alaskans , we at the Prince William Sound Regional Citizens Advisory Council are baffled as to how the Pathfinder managed to hit perhaps the most famous navigational hazard in the world — Bligh Reef — in conditions of relatively mild weather , ” council president Steve Lewis wrote in a blog posting .
ADVERTISEMENT
The accident raises questions “ about how well the painful lessons of the Exxon Valdez spill of 1989 have been learned by today ’s mariners , ” he said .
The Coast Guard said tests administered to the Pathfinder crew late Wednesday found no alcohol , ADN reported .
ADVERTISEMENT
The captain of the Exxon Valdez , Joe Hazelwood , had been drinking on board the tanker before the 1989 wreck .
HONG KONG —
One of Hong Kong ’s largest developers announced Wednesday that it had sold an apartment for 439 million Hong Kong dollars , setting a record , just hours after the city ’s chief executive warned that the city might be facing a real estate bubble .
The deal , valued at the equivalent of $ 56.6 million , set a record price per square foot for Hong Kong , and the developer , Henderson Land , said it was not aware of a higher figure ’s having been paid anywhere else .
Henderson Land declined to disclose the buyer ’s name but said it was a company registered in Hong Kong .
The buyer ’s representative spoke the local dialect with a strong mainland Chinese accent and appeared to be spending money earned on the mainland , a Henderson representative said .
As China ’s economic recovery has gathered force this autumn , wealthy Chinese are pouring fortunes into Hong Kong real estate , producing a powerful surge in prices for luxury real estate .
Hong Kong pegs its currency to the U.S. dollar and links its interest rates to American rates ; with a flood of money pouring into local banks , adjustable - rate mortgages are available in Hong Kong for an initial rate as low as 2.05 percent , fueling real estate speculation .
Scott Demuth Free Despite Emergency Government Motion Labeling Him an â€œAnarchistâ€ 
The government filed an emergency motion to keep an activist in jail because he is an “ anarchist ” and “ domestic terrorist ” who associates with a “ subversive , ” but in a response issued Monday , an Iowa district court did n’t buy it .
Scott Demuth will be released pending his trial .
Demuth has been indicted on animal enterprise terrorism charges for alleged “ conspiracy ” as part of the 2005 Animal Liberation Front raid at the University of Iowa that rescued more than 300 animals .
He and another Minneapolis activist , Carrie Feldman , had been targeted by a grand jury focused on the ALF raid .
Both Demuth and Feldman refused to testify on the grounds that the grand jury was a political witch hunt pressuring activists to speak , without an attorney present , about their political beliefs and political associations .
When Demuth was indicted , Judge Thomas Shields ruled that he could be released pending trial as long as he wore a GPS monitoring device and adhered to other criteria .
Assistant U.S. Attorney Clifford Cronk filed an emergency motion to keep Demuth behind bars , arguing :
Defendantâ€™s writings , literature , and conduct suggest that he is an anarchist and associated with the ALF movement .
Therefore , he is a domestic terrorist .
Yes , you read that correctly .
The government is arguing that First Amendment activity –writings , literature–and political beliefs are enough to make someone a terrorist .
Among the other reasons given to keep Demuth , a graduate student in the sociology department at the University of Minnesota , behind bars :
He has political friends .
According to the motion , he is an “ associate ” of Peter Young , “ an outspoken and subversive animal rights activist who has been prosecuted for ALF activities and , after being indicted for animal enterprise terrorism , was a fugitive from justice for several years . ”
According to the motion , he is an “ associate ” of Peter Young , “ an outspoken and subversive animal rights activist who has been prosecuted for ALF activities and , after being indicted for animal enterprise terrorism , was a fugitive from justice for several years . ”
He protests .
Demuth “ participated in an anti-government demonstration in front of the courthouse ” prior to the grand jury hearing .
Demuth “ participated in an anti-government demonstration in front of the courthouse ” prior to the grand jury hearing .
He has a network of support .
There were individuals in the courtroom who supported him , Cronk argued , and many people had called into the U.S. attorney ’s office opposing the grand jury “ based upon their belief that the use of the grand jury was abusive and unconstitutional . ”
[ Here is the full motion . ]
This is not an isolated incident .
It is becoming increasingly common to see this kind of inflammatory , unfounded rhetoric coming from prosecutors who hope to smear activists as terrorists before they even stand trial .
For instance , in Hugh Farrell ’s motion for bond , the government said he “ has been observed advocating literature and materials which advocate anarchy . ”
Stephanie Ernst summed up the threat of this pretty well in her comments over at change.org :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A soldier who crashed an eight - tonne armoured vehicle into a garden in a Norfolk village during a driving lesson has apologised to the homeowners .
The Spartan Armoured Personnel Carrier left the road in Letheringsett .
The soldier , who had recently returned from Afghanistan , had apologised to house owners Phil and Jayne Jones , a Ministry of Defence spokeswoman said .
She said the soldier was an experienced driver who was learning to drive tracked vehicles such as the Spartan .
The vehicle , complete with L- plates , was manned by members of the Light Dragoons , based at Swanton Morley .
The crew was on its way to a training ground .
Demolished fence
Mr Jones , 64 , and his 44 - year - old wife , an opera singer , were at home when the accident happened .
Mr Jones said : " We heard what sounded like a collision on the main road involving a heavy goods vehicle .
" We ran around to investigate and found a military vehicle sitting astride our fence . "
He said the tank had demolished a 20 - metre ( 65.6 ft ) section of fence .
Mr Jones added : " The soldiers were a nice bunch of chaps .
Like anybody would be , I think they were a little mortified . "
He said the fence had been mended and he was discussing payment with MoD insurers .
Was used in the episode " Home " of The WB series Everwood , and Clarice and Jess 's dance piece on So You Think You Can Dance .
View wiki
An English countryside church is proving to be a popular place for couples to marry - in Japan .
Developers have reproduced All Saints Church Brockhampton , near Ross - on - Wye in Herefordshire , on the 21st and 22nd floors of a tower block in Osaka .
On the same floors as the reproduced church are photographic studios and restaurants , while a hotel and honeymoon suites are above .
The Grade - I listed church is one of the few with a thatched roof in England .
Reverend Will Pridie said the developers had visited the church and took laser measurements to enable the new one to be built .
His wife , Wendy , said the Japanese developers , European Connections Ltd , had found the church by accident .
" They were travelling through Herefordshire and , I do n't know if they got lost or not , but they happened to pass by the church , " she said .
The developers said it was popular for Japanese couples to travel to Western - style churches to get married or for blessings .
They then contacted the church through its website and asked for permission for it to be copied .
" The Parochial Church Council agreed and they then made the replica , " she said .
The replica is three quarters the size of the original church .
" It looks stunning , it looks like the church in so many aspects , " Mrs Pridie added .
" We are a very tiny village and congregation .
I think everyone is just astonished that anyone would do such a thing - especially when you consider it is 21 floors up . "
Alexander Ovechkin : “ I ’m a ‘ caveman ’ because I do n’t care what others think of me ” ( Photo © The Canadian Press / Ryan Remiorz )
Alexander Ovechkin gave an interview to Anna Nasekina of Sovetskiy Sport in Montreal where his Capitals faced the Canadiens .
Ovechkin talked about being a caveman , not caring about what others think of him , the Olympics , girls , and a lot of other funny stuff .
RussianHockeyFans.com offers you a translation .
Anna Nasekina is a member of Russian Olympic Synchronized Swimming Team and a reporter for Sovetskiy Sport at the same time .
Last week she was in Montreal when Ovechkin ’s Capitals came there to face the Canadiens .
Anna and Alexander met in a restaurant in the city centre .
As soon as Anna entered the restaurant and approached Oveckhin he stood up and kissed her on a cheek .
“ Sanya ” , said Oveckin .
“ Anya ” , replied Anna .
Since the very first minute of their converstaion she felt as if she has known him for 10 years .
– What a great game it was yesterday .
– Yeah .
Now go to hockey in Moscow and compare .
– I ’ll sure do .
But is it that much different ?
– Like heaven and earth .
NHL is the best league .
Everyone dreams to play here .
– Do the Capitals have good chances at winning the Stanley Cup this year ?
– Well , we are leading the league now .
But there are like 70 games ahead of us .
– It must be very hard to play so many games ?
– No , it ’s good .
You just have to not think about fatigue .
Today we are in Montreal , tomorrow in Carolina and then again in Washington .
It ’s my life and I ’m used to it .
– Does your team fly on it ’s own plane ?
– Yes .
They make us wear suits .
See , I ’ve already put on mine ( adjusts the tie ) .
Every player got his own seat in the plane .
I ’ve got the second seat — the trump !
– You ’ve got the second seat in the bus too ?
– No .
In the bus I sit in the third row from the right .
And after the games I always take the back seat .
They are giving out beer there .
– How do you like Washington ?
– It ’s a good , calm city .
– Do you visit Moscow often ?
– I go there during my vacation .
If we do n’t make it to the playoffs the vacation lasts for five months .
If we do — three .
But usualy all players are injured so you spend the whole vacation trying to recover .
Are you a Muscovite youself ?
– Yes .
And where do you live ?
– Vodniy Stadion , the greenest region in Moscow .
When I ’m at home I go out to the the balcony , take a sip of beer , stretch myself and go to sleep .
Now this is Paradise !
That ’s how I relax .
A girl approaches Ovechkin for his autograph .
– There is no place in the world where they would leave you alone .
– Ah , come on !
Sometimes I get recognized , sometimes not .
It ’s not hard for me to give an autograph or make a photo .
And actually I ’m pofigist ( the one who does n’t care ) .
My popularity is n’t really important for me .
– So you do n’t have the star syndrome ?
– The star syndrome goes away the same way it comes .
– But it seems that the “ caveman ” reputation pleases you .
– I ’m a “ caveman ” because I do n’t care what others think of me .
I do n’t give a damn .
– If you did n’t give a damn you would n’t play the way you do .
– And maybe the only reason I do it is because I really do n’t care .
– Do you want to say that the manly bristle , the gap in teeth and yellow laces are n’t part of your image ?
– Wanna have some wine ?
( Ovechkin abruptly changes the topic and takes a sip of Californian Red )
– No , thanks .
Does somebody work on your image in the NHL ?
There must be a lot of imagemakes .
– I ’m an imagemaker for myself .
– Is fighting integral to hockey ?
– I do n’t fight , I hit .
If I do n’t hit them , they will hit me .
You were in Beijing , right ?
( Ovechkin changes the topic once again )
– I was .
– Great , was n’t it ?
– You do n’t say .
That ’s the best thing in my life .
– I was in Beijing when our women won a gold medal in fencing .
Now I ’m looking forward to Vancouver .
World Championships can’t compare with the Olympics .
We finished only 4th in Torino , this time we must fight harder .
– What ’s more important for you , the Olympics or the Stanley Cup ?
– Right now it ’s the Olympics .
I want to win the Olympics .
Tell me , you are a synchronized swimmer , right ?
You must have great stretching .
– Of course I do .
– And I have a lack of flexibility , you know .
I ’m a forward , I have to be flexible to split the defencemen .
Whenever I go to the gym I want to do some stretching but it never works out .
Did I tell you my hands are small ?
I ca n’t even grip my own wrist .
But , I can grip yours ( takes Anna by her wrist ) .
– Oh , come on , you can hold the stick after all !
( It ’s Ann ’s turn to change the topic now ) .
The other day I saw your photo on a magazine cover .
You look great !
– At least you liked me there ( smiles without a hint of ambivalence ) .
– Oh , please , do n’t tell me that girls do n’t like you .
– I do n’t care ( indifferently again ) , I ’m only 24 .
I still want to play the field .
And you ?
From Bulbapedia , the community - driven Pokémon encyclopedia .
This list is a record of the official English and German spellings for Pokémon names .
Names are listed by number in the order dictated by the National Pokédex , meaning that Pokémon from the Kanto region will appear first , followed by those from Johto , Hoenn , and subsequent regions .
Columns
English :
The official English name as dictated by Nintendo of America and used in all English - language games and merchandise .
: The official English name as dictated by Nintendo of America and used in all English - language games and merchandise .
German :
The official German name used in all German - language games and merchandise .
List of German Pokémon names
Generation I
Generation II
Ndex MS English German 152 Chikorita Endivie 153 Bayleef Lorblatt 154 Meganium Meganie 155 Cyndaquil Feurigel 156 Quilava Igelavar 157 Typhlosion Tornupto 158 Totodile Karnimani 159 Croconaw Tyracroc 160 Feraligatr Impergator 161 Sentret Wiesor 162 Furret Wiesenior 163 Hoothoot Hoothoot 164 Noctowl Noctuh 165 Ledyba Ledyba 166 Ledian Ledian 167 Spinarak Webarak 168 Ariados Ariados 169 Crobat Iksbat 170 Chinchou Lampi 171 Lanturn Lanturn 172 Pichu Pichu 173 Cleffa Pii 174 Igglybuff Fluffeluff 175 Togepi Togepi 176 Togetic Togetic 177 Natu Natu 178 Xatu Xatu 179 Mareep Voltilamm 180 Flaaffy Waaty 181 Ampharos Ampharos 182 Bellossom Blubella 183 Marill Marill 184 Azumarill Azumarill 185 Sudowoodo Mogelbaum 186 Politoed Quaxo 187 Hoppip Hoppspross 188 Skiploom Hubelupf 189 Jumpluff Papungha 190 Aipom Griffel 191 Sunkern Sonnkern 192 Sunflora Sonnflora 193 Yanma Yanma 194 Wooper Felino 195 Quagsire Morlord 196 Espeon Psiana 197 Umbreon Nachtara 198 Murkrow Kramurx 199 Slowking Laschoking 20 0 Misdreavus Traunfugil 201 Unown Icognito 202 Wobbuffet Woingenau 203 Girafarig Girafarig 204 Pineco Tannza 205 Forretress Forstellka 206 Dunsparce Dummisel 207 Gligar Skorgla 208 Steelix Stahlos 209 Snubbull Snubbull 210 Granbull Granbull 211 Qwilfish Baldorfish 212 Scizor Scherox 213 Shuckle Pottrott 214 Heracross Skaraborn 215 Sneasel Sniebel 216 Teddiursa Teddiursa 217 Ursaring Ursaring 218 Slugma Schneckmag 219 Magcargo Magcargo 220 Swinub Quiekel 221 Piloswine Keifel 222 Corsola Corasonn 223 Remoraid Remoraid 224 Octillery Octillery 225 Delibird Botogel 226 Mantine Mantax 227 Skarmory Panzaeron 228 Houndour Hunduster 229 Houndoom Hundemon 230 Kingdra Seedraking 231 Phanpy Phanpy 232 Donphan Donphan 233 Porygon2 Porygon2 234 Stantler Damhirplex 235 Smeargle Farbeagle 236 Tyrogue Rabauz 237 Hitmontop Kapoera 238 Smoochum Kussilla 239 Elekid Elekid 240 Magby Magby 241 Miltank Miltank 242 Blissey Heiteira 243 Raikou Raikou 244 Entei Entei 245 Suicune Suicune 246 Larvitar Larvitar 247 Pupitar Pupitar 248 Tyranitar Despotar 249 Lugia Lugia 250 Ho - Oh Ho - Oh 251 Celebi Celebi
Generation III
Ndex MS English German 252 Treecko Geckarbor 253 Grovyle Reptain 254 Sceptile Gewaldro 255 Torchic Flemmli 256 Combusken Jungglut 257 Blaziken Lohgock 258 Mudkip Hydropi 259 Marshtomp Moorabbel 260 Swampert Sumpex 261 Poochyena Fiffyen 262 Mightyena Magnayen 263 Zigzagoon Zigzachs 264 Linoone Geradaks 265 Wurmple Waumpel 266 Silcoon Schaloko 267 Beautifly Papinella 268 Cascoon Panekon 269 Dustox Pudox 270 Lotad Loturzel 271 Lombre Lombrero 272 Ludicolo Kappalores 273 Seedot Samurzel 274 Nuzleaf Blanas 275 Shiftry Tengulist 276 Taillow Schwalbini 277 Swellow Schwalboss 278 Wingull Wingull 279 Pelipper Pelipper 280 Ralts Trasla 281 Kirlia Kirlia 282 Gardevoir Guardevoir 283 Surskit Gehweiher 284 Masquerain Maskeregen 285 Shroomish Knilz 286 Breloom Kapilz 287 Slakoth Bummelz 288 Vigoroth Muntier 289 Slaking Letarking 290 Nincada Nincada 291 Ninjask Ninjask 292 Shedinja Ninjatom 293 Whismur Flurmel 294 Loudred Krakeelo 295 Exploud Krawumms 296 Makuhita Makuhita 297 Hariyama Hariyama 298 Azurill Azurill 299 Nosepass Nasgnet 300 Skitty Eneco 301 Delcatty Enekoro 302 Sableye Zobiris 303 Mawile Flunkifer 304 Aron Stollunior 305 Lairon Stollrak 306 Aggron Stolloss 307 Meditite Meditie 308 Medicham Meditalis 309 Electrike Frizelbliz 310 Manectric Voltenso 311 Plusle Plusle 312 Minun Minun 313 Volbeat Volbeat 314 Illumise Illumise 315 Roselia Roselia 316 Gulpin Schluppuck 317 Swalot Schlukwech 318 Carvanha Kanivanha 319 Sharpedo Tohaido 320 Wailmer Wailmer 321 Wailord Wailord 322 Numel Camaub 323 Camerupt Camerupt 324 Torkoal Qurtel 325 Spoink Spoink 326 Grumpig Groink 327 Spinda Pandir 328 Trapinch Knacklion 329 Vibrava Vibrava 330 Flygon Libelldra 331 Cacnea Tuska 332 Cacturne Noktuska 333 Swablu Wablu 334 Altaria Altaria 335 Zangoose Sengo 336 Seviper Vipitis 337 Lunatone Lunastein 338 Solrock Sonnfel 339 Barboach Schmerbe 340 Whiscash Welsar 341 Corphish Krebscorps 342 Crawdaunt Krebutack 343 Baltoy Puppance 344 Claydol Lepumentas 345 Lileep Liliep 346 Cradily Wielie 347 Anorith Anorith 348 Armaldo Armaldo 349 Feebas Barschwa 350 Milotic Milotic 351 Castform Formeo 352 Kecleon Kecleon 353 Shuppet Shuppet 354 Banette Banette 355 Duskull Zwirrlicht 356 Dusclops Zwirrklop 357 Tropius Tropius 358 Chimecho Palimpalim 359 Absol Absol 360 Wynaut Isso 361 Snorunt Schneppke 362 Glalie Firnontor 363 Spheal Seemops 364 Sealeo Seejong 365 Walrein Walraisa 366 Clamperl Perlu 367 Huntail Aalabyss 368 Gorebyss Saganabyss 369 Relicanth Relicanth 370 Luvdisc Liebiskus 371 Bagon Kindwurm 372 Shelgon Draschel 373 Salamence Brutalanda 374 Beldum Tanhel 375 Metang Metang 376 Metagross Metagross 377 Regirock Regirock 378 Regice Regice 379 Registeel Registeel 380 Latias Latias 381 Latios Latios 382 Kyogre Kyogre 383 Groudon Groudon 384 Rayquaza Rayquaza 385 Jirachi Jirachi 386 Deoxys Deoxys
Generation IV
Generation V
Ndex MS English German 494 Victini Victini 495 Snivy Serpifeu 496 Servine Efoserp 497 Serperior Serpiroyal 498 Tepig Floink 499 Pignite Ferkokel 500 Emboar Flambirex 501 Oshawott Ottaro 502 Dewott Zwottronin 503 Samurott Admurai 504 Patrat Nagelotz 505 Watchog Kukmarda 506 Lillipup Yorkleff 507 Herdier Terribark 508 Stoutland Bissbark 509 Purrloin Felilou 510 Liepard Kleoparda 511 Pansage Vegimak 512 Simisage Vegichita 513 Pansear Grillmak 514 Simisear Grillchita 515 Panpour Sodamak 516 Simipour Sodachita 517 Munna Somniam 518 Musharna Somnivora 519 Pidove Dusselgurr 520 Tranquill Navitaub 521 Unfezant Fasasnob 522 Blitzle Elezeba 523 Zebstrika Zebritz 524 Roggenrola Kiesling 525 Boldore Sedimantur 526 Gigalith Brockoloss 527 Woobat Fleknoil 528 Swoobat Fletiamo 529 Drilbur Rotomurf 530 Excadrill Stalobor 531 Audino Ohrdoch 532 Timburr Praktibalk 533 Gurdurr Strepoli 534 Conkeldurr Meistagrif 535 Tympole Schallquap 536 Palpitoad Mebrana 537 Seismitoad Branawarz 538 Throh Jiutesto 539 Sawk Karadonis 540 Sewaddle Strawickl 541 Swadloon Folikon 542 Leavanny Matrifol 543 Venipede Toxiped 544 Whirlipede Rollum 545 Scolipede Cerapendra 546 Cottonee Waumboll 547 Whimsicott Elfun 548 Petilil Lilminip 549 Lilligant Dressella 550 Basculin Barschuft 551 Sandile Ganovil 552 Krokorok Rokkaiman 553 Krookodile Rabigator 554 Darumaka Flampion 555 Darmanitan Flampivian 556 Maractus Maracamba 557 Dwebble Lithomith 558 Crustle Castellith 559 Scraggy Zurrokex 560 Scrafty Irokex 561 Sigilyph Symvolara 562 Yamask Makabaja 563 Cofagrigus Echnatoll 564 Tirtouga Galapaflos 565 Carracosta Karippas 566 Archen Flapteryx 567 Archeops Aeropteryx 568 Trubbish Unratütox 569 Garbodor Deponitox 570 Zorua Zorua 571 Zoroark Zoroark 572 Minccino Picochilla 573 Cinccino Chillabell 574 Gothita Mollimorba 575 Gothorita Hypnomorba 576 Gothitelle Morbitesse 577 Solosis Monozyto 578 Duosion Mitodos 579 Reuniclus Zytomega 580 Ducklett Piccolente 581 Swanna Swaroness 582 Vanillite Gelatini 583 Vanillish Gelatroppo 584 Vanilluxe Gelatwino 585 Deerling Sesokitz 586 Sawsbuck Kronjuwild 587 Emolga Emolga 588 Karrablast Laukaps 589 Escavalier Cavalanzas 590 Foongus Tarnpignon 591 Amoonguss Hutsassa 592 Frillish Quabbel 593 Jellicent Apoquallyp 594 Alomomola Mamolida 595 Joltik Wattzapf 596 Galvantula Voltula 597 Ferroseed Kastadur 598 Ferrothorn Tentantel 599 Klink Klikk 600 Klang Kliklak 601 Klinklang Klikdiklak 602 Tynamo Zapplardin 603 Eelektrik Zapplalek 604 Eelektross Zapplarang 605 Elgyem Pygraulon 606 Beheeyem Megalon 607 Litwick Lichtel 608 Lampent Laternecto 609 Chandelure Skelabra 610 Axew Milza 611 Fraxure Sharfax 612 Haxorus Maxax 613 Cubchoo Petznief 614 Beartic Siberio 615 Cryogonal Frigometri 616 Shelmet Schnuthelm 617 Accelgor Hydragil 618 Stunfisk Flunschlik 619 Mienfoo Lin-Fu 620 Mienshao Wie - Shu 621 Druddigon Shardrago 622 Golett Golbit 623 Golurk Golgantes 624 Pawniard Gladiantri 625 Bisharp Caesurio 626 Bouffalant Bisofank 627 Rufflet Geronimatz 628 Braviary Washakwil 629 Vullaby Skallyk 630 Mandibuzz Grypheldis 631 Heatmor Furnifraß 632 Durant Fermicula 633 Deino Kapuno 634 Zweilous Duodino 635 Hydreigon Trikephalo 636 Larvesta Ignivor 637 Volcarona Ramoth 638 Cobalion Kobalium 639 Terrakion Terrakium 640 Virizion Viridium 641 Tornadus Boreos 642 Thundurus Voltolos 643 Reshiram Reshiram 644 Zekrom Zekrom 645 Landorus Demeteros 646 Kyurem Kyurem 647 Keldeo Keldeo 648 Meloetta Meloetta 649 Genesect Genesect
Generation VI
Ndex MS English German 650 Chespin Igamaro 651 Quilladin Igastarnish 652 Chesnaught Brigaron 653 Fennekin Fynx 654 Braixen Rutena 655 Delphox Fennexis 656 Froakie Froxy 657 Frogadier Amphizel 658 Greninja Quajutsu 659 Bunnelby Scoppel 660 Diggersby Grebbit 661 Fletchling Dartiri 662 Fletchinder Dartignis 663 Talonflame Fiaro 664 Scatterbug Purmel 665 Spewpa Puponcho 666 Vivillon Vivillon 667 Litleo Leufeo 668 Pyroar Pyroleo 669 Flabébé Flabébé 670 Floette Floette 671 Florges Florges 672 Skiddo Mähikel 673 Gogoat Chevrumm 674 Pancham Pam - Pam 675 Pangoro Pandagro 676 Furfrou Coiffwaff 677 Espurr Psiau 678 Meowstic Psiaugon 679 Honedge Gramokles 680 Doublade Duokles 681 Aegislash Durengard 682 Spritzee Parfi 683 Aromatisse Parfinesse 684 Swirlix Flauschling 685 Slurpuff Sabbaione 686 Inkay Iscalar 687 Malamar Calamanero 688 Binacle Bithora 689 Barbaracle Thanathora 690 Skrelp Algitt 691 Dragalge Tandrak 692 Clauncher Scampisto 693 Clawitzer Wummer 694 Helioptile Eguana 695 Heliolisk Elezard 696 Tyrunt Balgoras 697 Tyrantrum Monargoras 698 Amaura Amarino 699 Aurorus Amagarga 700 Sylveon Feelinara 701 Hawlucha Resladero 702 Dedenne Dedenne 703 Carbink Rocara 704 Goomy Viscora 705 Sliggoo Viscargot 706 Goodra Viscogon 707 Klefki Clavion 708 Phantump Paragoni 709 Trevenant Trombork 710 Pumpkaboo Irrbis 711 Gourgeist Pumpdjinn 712 Bergmite Arktip 713 Avalugg Arktilas 714 Noibat eF - eM 715 Noivern UHaFnir 716 Xerneas Xerneas 717 Yveltal Yveltal 718 Zygarde Zygarde 719 Diancie Diancie 720 Hoopa Hoopa 721 Volcanion Volcanion
Generation VII
Generation VIII
Eggs
See also
* Break - up power would be given to council
* Size just one of many factors to be evaluated
* Plan offered as amendment to bill being debated ( Adds committee approval of Kanjorski amendment to bill )
WASHINGTON , Nov 18 ( Reuters ) - The U.S. House Financial Services Committee voted on Wednesday to approve a proposal that would empower government regulators to break up large financial firms that threaten economic stability .
The measure , offered by Democratic Representative Paul Kanjorski , was added as an amendment to a broader bill that was expected to face a committee vote later , possibly on Friday .
Full House action was unlikely until next month .
The government last year stepped in with massive bail outs of firms such as American International Group Inc AIG.N and Citigroup Inc C.N , fearful the collapse of a large firm could bring down the entire financial system .
Kanjorski , the chairman of the House capital markets subcommittee , proposed assigning the power to preemptively break up financial firms to a Financial Services Oversight Council , subject to review in some cases .
With a focus on the 50 largest U.S. financial firms , Kanjorski ’s amendment would require the council to evaluate several factors in determining whether to take action against a firm , including size , exposure , leverage and relationships .
The council could order firms to be put under tougher oversight , to halt or change their activities , to limit mergers and acquisitions , and in extreme cases , to break up .
Mandated divestitures of more than $ 10 billion would require the Treasury secretary ’s approval , while those above $ 100 billion would require the approval of the president .
The amendment would cover “ insurance companies , banks , hedge funds , whoever may be in an exposed area of causing systemic risk , ” Kanjorski said at a committee working session .
Firms could appeal council actions under the amendment , which the committee passed with 38 - 29 vote , largely on party lines .
The committee ’s broader bill had already proposed new powers for regulators to police , take over , restructure and shut down firms that pose a “ systemic risk . ”
The bill , as amended , comes amid a broad push by the Obama administration and Democrats to tighten bank and capital market rules in response to last year ’s financial crisis .
A bill introduced last week by banking committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , a Democrat , also called for establishing a council of financial regulators that could require companies that threaten the economy to divest holdings .
LOBBYISTS PUSHING BACK
In both the House and the Senate , “ financial lobbyists will continue to try to water down this new and intrusive federal regulatory power , ” said Joseph Engelhard , policy analyst at investment firm Capital Alpha Partners .
If a new break - up power does survive the legislative process , Engelhard said , it is unlikely a “ council of numerous financial regulators would be able to agree on such a radical step as breaking up a large bank , except in the most unusual circumstances , and that the Treasury Secretary ... would have the ability to veto any imprudent use of such power . ”
Kanjorski added he will coordinate with European Union officials on the issue because they share similar concerns .
EU regulators are set to turn the spotlight on 28 European banks bailed out by governments for possible mandated divestitures , officials said on Wednesday .
The EU executive has already approved restructuring plans for British lender Lloyds Banking LLOY.L , Dutch financial group ING Groep NV ING.AS and Belgian group KBC KBC .BR .
Giving break - up power to regulators would be “ a good thing , ” said Paul Miller , a policy analyst at investment firm FBR Capital Markets , on Wednesday .
Big banks in general are bad for the economy because they do not allocate credit well , especially to small businesses , he said .
“ Eventually the big banks get broken up in one way or another , ” Miller said at the Reuters Global Finance Summit .
“ It ’s still an extreme position , but it ’s building consensus probably faster than most people think . ”
( For text of the Kanjorski amendment , double - clickhere )
RELATED NEWS
* US big banks need to shrink - FBR ’s Miller , please double - click on [ ID : nN18111703 ]
* Britain ’s financial reform faces carve - up threat , please double - click on [ ID : nLI584950 ]
* New EU finance watchdogs seen muzzled on companies , please double - click on [ ID : nLI403283 ]
( Additional reporting by Karey Wutkowski in New York ; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama )
Ask any minimalist what they want for Christmas , and I guarantee they ’ll say “ nothing . ”
However , if you ’re set on buying something anyway , I ’ve compiled a list of gift ideas in keeping with their lifestyle .
( If you ’re the minimalist , you may want to pass this post along to friends and family ! )
So here it is — the Top Ten Gifts for a Minimalist ( or What to Give Someone Who Does n’t Want Stuff ) :
1. Amazon Kindle .
Yes , the Amazon Kindle is another gadget — but it can replace entire shelves of books !
Personally , I love the information in books but hate the physical format ; they take up too much space , they ’re bulky to carry , and they ’re heavy to ship .
I dream of having my entire library in digital format someday .
2. Scanner .
It ’ll help the minimalist in your life declutter their documents , and can also be used for digitizing photos , postcards , letters , magazine articles , and any other stray scrap of paper lying on their desk .
Two to consider : the NeatDesk Desktop Scanner and the Canon LiDE200 Scanner .
3. iTunes gift card .
If they have an iPod , they can always use some digital music .
4. Gourmet items .
Minimalists prefer consumables to stuff .
A bottle of fine wine , a box of nice chocolates , or a selection of fine cheeses will be appreciated and enjoyed — without generating any clutter .
5. Luxury bath items .
A bar of artisan soap , or luxurious lotion , is another lovely “ consumable ” gift .
Choose something that they ’d like , but would n’t necessarily splurge on for themselves .
6. Tickets .
Minimalists also prefer experiences to material things .
If it ’s consistent with their interests , tickets to a cultural ( symphony , ballet , opera ) or sporting event make an ideal gift .
7. Restaurant gift certificate .
Pick their favorite restaurant , or new hot spot , and treat them to a nice dinner out .
8. Gift membership .
Give them a year ’s membership to a museum , zoo , botanical garden , or other cultural institution .
They ’ll get free admission and other VIP perks .
9. Charitable donation .
If your minimalist is passionate about a certain cause ( or just generally philanthropic ) , make a donation to their favorite charity .
10 . Nothing .
Hey , it ’s probably what they asked for anyway — so why not make them happy , and make your life a little easier ? ;-)
I ’d love to hear any further suggestions !
If you ’re a minimalist , what would you like to receive ?
ONE of the world 's finest martial arts experts has spoken about how he drinks urine and what it does for him .
Ultimate Fighting Championships ' ( UFC ) light - heavyweight title - holder Lyoto " The Dragon " Machida is unbeaten .
He was asked by Men's Fitness magazine about his odd habit of drinking urine .
" I feel very well doing this , " Machida said .
" It is something I learned from my father when I was young .
It really strengthens my immune system , and those who have tried this say there is no harm .
" I really do n't recommend it to anyone .
It 's something my father passed on to me . "
The 185.4 cm 93kg Machida , from Belem , Brazil , defends his title for the first time against Mauricio “ Shogun ” Rua at the Staples Centre in Los Angeles on Sunday ( AEST ) .
Originally published as Ultimate fighting champion drinks urine
On July 27 , 2006 , Fidel Castro nearly died during emergency intestinal surgery to stem internal bleeding caused by chronic diverticulitis .
Since then , Cuba - watchers and obituary writers have been on high alert awaiting his demise .
Yet , more than three years later , Castro soldiers on , approaching his mortal end with the same zeal he lavished on his life .
The 83 - year - old appears to have adjusted to his medically mandated retirement , enduring various surgeries and their attendant complications .
A state - of - the art convalescent suite has been installed in his principal residence , Punto Cero , where he is surrounded by family and Cuba ’s finest doctors .
On his good days , he entertains well - wishers -- among them , Harry Belafonte and Oliver Stone .
And he continues to intervene in the thorny politics of Cuba .
In 2007 , while still hospitalized , Castro began a transition from being Cuba ’s commander in chief to its pundit in chief , penning columns he calls “ Reflections ” in the state - run newspaper , Granma .
Late last year , he offered some personal introspection .
“ I have had the rare privilege of observing events for a very long time , ” he wrote .
He then acknowledged the gravity of his illness .
“ I do not expect I shall enjoy such a privilege four years from now -- when President Obama ’s first term has concluded . ”
But until Castro is in the grave , we will be hearing from him .
While his brother Raul and the Cuban army are running the day - to - day affairs of the country , Castro retains and exercises veto power .
And Cubans continue to feel the strongman ’s sting .
Advertisement
In March , more than a dozen of the most senior members of the Cuban regime were purged from the government .
While Raul Castro had initiated the internal coup , Fidel was quick to weigh in and assail its casualties , all former members of his inner circle .
The men had succumbed to “ the honey of power , ” he wrote in his column .
Their replacements have dodged the limelight and tread far more carefully .
Castro ’s reluctant leave - taking -- with its periodic near - finales -- fits into a long tradition of Hispanic caudillos or dictators .
Consider , for example , the life -- and death -- of Francisco Franco , Spain ’s dictator of almost 40 years .
Both Castro ’s father and Franco hailed from the rugged northern countryside of Spain , a region renowned for its fierce and stubborn citizenry .
And notwithstanding divergent political ideologies -- Franco was a zealous anti-communist -- the two men had a good deal in common .
Both were willing to forge unpalatable and unpopular alliances with totalitarian states to shore up their power -- Franco with Nazi Germany and Castro with the Soviet Union .
And Franco ’s shrouded last days neatly foreshadowed Castro’s .
Franco became grievously ill in 1974 and was forced to turn over his rule -- “ temporarily , ” he insisted -- to Prince Juan Carlos .
Castro also initially ceded control to his brother only “ temporarily . ”
Like Castro , Franco had an unexpected recovery , though his lasted only a year before he died at the age of 82 .
Although it is generally believed that Franco died days earlier , his death was announced on Nov. 20 , 1975 , the same day on which Jose Antonio Primo de Rivera , the founder of Franco ’s fascist Falange party , died 40 years earlier .
Advertisement
Some assert doctors kept Franco alive under orders from the dictator that he would live until the ordained date .
But Franco ’s scheming to die with gravity and splendor backfired , and his protracted departure became a joke that would long outlive him .
“ Generalissimo Francisco Franco is still dead , ” Chevy Chase would intone with mock solemnity on “ Saturday Night Live ” as a running gag for nearly two years .
Castro ’s long goodbye is proving equally irresistible for late - night comedians .
“ He ran Cuba for almost 50 years , ” began Jay Leno in one riff .
“ And political analysts are now debating what kind of changes the Cuban people will hope for .
I ’m gonna guess : term limits . ”
Castro ’s untidy leaving has also kept the news media in an indefinite state of high alert , as they formulate and reformulate coverage and obituaries .
The veteran Spanish Civil War reporter Martha Gellhorn found herself in a similar pickle three decades ago .
In 1975 , she accepted an assignment from New York magazine to write about post -Franco Spain .
“ This thrills me , the sort of journalism I love , ” she wrote her son .
“ I am waiting for the old swine to die ; but obviously he is being kept breathing ( no more ) while the right tightens its hold on the country . ”
When I asked Castro in a 1994 interview when he would retire , he snapped : “ My vocation is the revolution .
I am a revolutionary , and revolutionaries do not retire . ”
In my previous post about generic actions in Rails 3 , I made reference to significant improvements in the router .
Some of those have been covered on other blogs , but the full scope of the improvements has n't yet been covered .
In this post , I 'll cover a number of the larger design decisions , as well as specific improvements that have been made .
Most of these features were in the Merb router , but the Rails DSL is more fully developed , and the fuller emphasis on Rack is a strong improvement from the Merb approach .
Improved DSL
While the old map.connect DSL still works just fine , the new standard DSL is less verbose and more readable .
# old way ActionController : : Routing ::Routes.draw do |map| map.connect " / main /:id " , : controller => " main " , :action => " home " end # new way Basecamp : : Application .routes do match " / main / :id " , : to => " main#home " end
First , the routes are attached to your application , which is now its own object and used throughout Railties .
Second , we no longer need map , and the new DSL ( match / to ) is more expressive .
Finally , we have a shortcut for controller / action pairs ( " main#home " is {:controller => " main " , :action => " home " ) .
Another useful shortcut allows you to specify the method more simply than before :
Basecamp :: Application .routes do post " / main / :id " , : to => " main#home " , : as => : homepage end
The :as in the above example specifies a named route , and creates the homepage_url et al helpers as in Rails 2 .
Rack It Up
When designing the new router , we all agreed that it should be built first as a standalone piece of functionality , with Rails sugar added on top .
As a result , we used rack - mount , which was built by Josh Peek as a standalone Rack router .
Internally , the router simply matches requests to a rack endpoint , and knows nothing about controllers or controller semantics .
Essentially , the router is designed to work like this :
Basecamp :: Application .routes do match " / home " , : to => HomeApp end
This will match requests with the / home path , and dispatches them to a valid Rack application at HomeApp .
This means that dispatching to a Sinatra app is trivial :
class HomeApp < Sinatra :: Base get " / " do " Hello World ! " end end Basecamp :: Application .routes do match " / home " , : to => HomeApp end
The one small piece of the puzzle that might have you wondering at this point is that in the previous section , I showed the usage of : to => " main #home " , and now I say that : to takes a Rack application .
Another improvement in Rails 3 bridges this gap .
In Rails 3 , PostsController.action ( : index ) returns a fully valid Rack application pointing at the index action of PostsController .
So main #home is simply a shortcut for MainController.action ( : home ) , and it otherwise is identical to providing a Sinatra application .
As I posted before , this is also the engine behind match " / foo " , : to => redirect ( " / bar " ) .
Expanded Constraints
Probably the most common desired improvement to the Rails 2 router has been support for routing based on subdomains .
There is currently a plugin called subdomain_routes that implements this functionality as follows :
ActionController :: Routing :: Routes.draw do |map| map.subdomain : support do | support| support.resources : tickets ... end end
This solves the most common case , but the reality is that this is just one common case .
In truth , it should be possible to constrain routes based not just on path segments , method , and subdomain , but also based on any element of the request .
The Rails 3 router exposes this functionality .
Here is how you would constrain requests based on subdomains in Rails 3 :
Basecamp :: Application .routes do match " / foo/bar " , : to => " foo#bar " , : constraints => {:subdomain => " support " } end
These constraints can include path segments as well as any method on ActionDispatch : : Request .
You could use a String or a regular expression , so : constraints => {:subdomain => / support\d /} would be valid as well .
Arbitrary constraints can also be specified in block form , as follows :
Basecamp :: Application .routes do constraints ( : subdomain => " support " ) do match " / foo / bar " , : to => " foo#bar " end end
Finally , constraints can be specified as objects :
class SupportSubdomain def self .
matches ?( request ) request .
subdomain == " support " end end Basecamp : : Application.routes do constraints ( SupportSubdomain ) do match " / foo / bar " , : to => " foo#bar " end end
Optional Segments
In Rails 2.3 and earlier , there were some optional segments .
Unfortunately , they were hardcoded names and not controllable .
Since we 're using a generic router , magical optional segment names and semantics would not do .
And having exposed support for optional segments in Merb was pretty nice .
So we added them .
# Rails 2.3 ActionController :: Routing :: Routes.draw do |map| #
Note that :action and : id are optional , and # : format is implicit map.connect " /:controller /:action / :id " end # Rails 3 Basecamp :: Application .routes do # equivalent match " /:controller (/:action (/:id ) ) (.: format ) " end
In Rails 3 , we can be explicit about the optional segments , and even nest optional segments .
If we want the format to be a prefix path , we can do match " ( / : format ) / home " and the format is optional .
We can use a similar technique to add an optional company ID prefix or a locale .
Pervasive Blocks
You may have noticed this already , but as a general rule , if you can specify something as an inline condition , you can also specify it as a block constraint .
Basecamp :: Application .routes do controller : home do match " / :action " end end
In the above example , we are not required to specify the controller inline , because we specified it via a block .
You can use this for subdomains , controller restrictions , request method ( get etc. take a block ) .
There is also a scope method that can be used to scope a block of routes under a top - level path :
Basecamp :: Application .routes do scope " / home " do match " / :action " , : to => " homepage " end end
The above route would match / home / hello / foo to homepage # foo .
Closing
There are additional ( substantial ) improvements around resources , which I will save for another time , assuming someone else does n't get to it first .
These days , truth be told , the entire company is on message .
That ’s because the data behemoth that Michael R. Bloomberg created and named after himself in 1981 , long before he became mayor of New York , finally has the reach , resources and appetites to try snaring the mantle of Most Influential  at least in the rarefied world of business news .
After years of being an underdog pushing its troops to be better and faster , Bloomberg now has an upper hand .
Publishing giants like Condé Nast , Time Inc. and The New York Times , with their veteran scribes and rich histories , have laid off people and scaled back .
Bloomberg may lack the pedigree and gloss of some of its rivals , but it has one thing they do n’t right now : money to throw around .
This year alone , Bloomberg , deploying the cash spouting from its data business , has recruited refugees from The Wall Street Journal and Fortune and opened bureaus in places like Ecuador and Abu Dhabi .
Its editorial staff ( which includes radio , TV and Web site workers ) now numbers 2,200 , compared with 1,250 journalists at The Times and 1,900 at Dow Jones ( a figure that includes the newswires and the Journal staff ) .
When the 80 - year - old BusinessWeek went on the block , Bloomberg opened its wallet and snatched it away from circling private equity firms in October for just $ 5 million in cash  a relatively small sum that still represents a big change .
For the last decade , Bloomberg has barely bothered to venture outside the realm of high finance ; its news was produced to help subscribers to its terminals make more money for themselves .
Image Daniel L. Doctoroff , Bloomberg 's president , talked with employees last month about the BusinessWeek acquisition .
Credit ... Daniel Acker / Bloomberg News
With BusinessWeek , likely to be renamed Bloomberg BusinessWeek , the company is setting its sights on a much broader audience .
That includes Main Street readers and , much more important for Bloomberg , senior executives , government leaders and other global movers and shakers .
It ’s also trying to revamp its Web site and television programming  long neglected inside the company  into services that appeal to people who do n’t trade securities for a living .
The hedgehog gave birth to three hoglets in Prestonfield Hotel 's reception
The owner of an Edinburgh five - star hotel has told of his " surprise " after a hedgehog walked in and gave birth to three tiny babies at reception .
A Prestonfield Hotel porter found the mother and her hoglets nesting behind a curtain and basket logs in the entrance hall and called the Scottish SPCA .
The family was rescued from the " unusual place " to the Scottish SPCA 's Middlebank Wildlife Centre in Fife .
They are now to be released into the wild after seven weeks of care .
Colin Seddon , of Middlebank Wildlife Centre , said : " This was a very unusual place for the hedgehog to choose to have her babies .
" She was obviously confused and knowing that she was about to give birth , decided to find the nearest warm and sheltered place , which just happened to be a very plush hotel .
The hedgehog gave birth to her brood behind a curtain in the reception " We were worried when she came in because it is not uncommon for a mother hedgehog to eat her young if she is disturbed or feels threatened , so we were obviously very keen to avoid that happening .
" Initially , we kept the family warm and dry and provided them with food and water , but we left them in almost complete isolation to minimise the risk of cannibalism .
" Thankfully this approach has proved successful and all three hoglets are now seven weeks old and ready to be released back to the wild with their mother . "
James Thomson , Prestonfield Hotel 's owner , told the BBC Scotland news website : " We were just delighted and surprised .
" The wellbeing of all our visitors to Prestonfield is of the utmost importance to us and so we are all really thrilled to hear that both mother and all three hoglets are healthy and are now ready to be released back home .
" We are just glad that they checked in for a little five - star luxury along the way . "
The hedgehogs are due to be released into the wild on Thursday at a site near Dundee .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
* Intervention not seen as dangerous for wider bank system
* Expected to be officially announced on Friday ( Adds government quote , details )
CARACAS , Nov 19 ( Reuters ) - Venezuela is to take control of four small banks , government sources with knowledge of the action said , citing problems of solvency and the origin of funds .
The move is not seen as causing wider problems for the financial system , analysts said .
Finance Minister Ali Rodriguez is expected to announce the intervention in Banco Canarias , Banco Confederado , Banpro and bolivar banco on Friday .
The banks will continue operating under government control .
“ There were problems in the demonstration of funds for the purchase , that ’s to say they did n’t show the origin of the funds , and index insolvency , ” said one senior government official , who explained that one of the banks was the subject of recent takeover negotiations .
Venezuela ’s banking sector is dominated by 10 banks which control 70 percent of the total funds .
One analyst said the affected banks are very small and the government intervention was not likely to cause further problems in the system .
( Reporting by Ana Isabel Martinez ; Writing by Frank Jack Daniel ; editing by Carol Bishopric )
It seems like a long time since the year 2000 .
Much of the tech we take for granted did n't exist at the turn of the century , and yet technologies such as Twitter have become part and parcel of our everyday lives .
Here are the online technologies , sites and services that future historians will see as defining the last decade .
1. Napster
Napster was n't around for very long - it launched in 1999 and was shuttered in 2001 .
The arrival of peer - to - peer file sharing of MP3 files blew the music business to smithereens .
Napster got popular very fast and was sued by Metallica in April 2000 .
Had the record industry embraced it rather than fought it , file sharing might not have become the industry - killing concern it is today .
2. BitTorrent
BitTorrent was n't designed for sharing music and movies : it was designed to speed up downloads .
It just happened to be brilliant for sharing music and movies too , hoovering up bandwidth at such a rate that many ISPs now block or throttle it .
3. Facebook
Twitter gets the headlines , but Facebook gets the traffic : the Harvard - only social network expanded to cover other universities , then companies , then the whole world , and it now has over 350 million active users .
It 's the AOL of the 21st Century , but its ambitions do n't stop there : its Facebook Connect acts as an electronic bouncer for a wide range of non-Facebook sites , including Yahoo ones .
4. AJAX
AJAX - Asynchronous JavaScript and XML - enables your web browser to get more data without refreshing the page , and it's the secret to browser - based applications that do n't demand the installation of plugins .
Google was the first big firm to really spot the potential of AJAX , using it to create services including Gmail and Google Maps and kicking off the web application explosion .
5. Blogger
Blogs were around before Blogger , but it took blogging from a niche pursuit to mainstream activity : Pyra Labs ' 1999 invention had amassed hundreds of thousands of users during the early noughties by the time Google came waving its wallet in 2003 .
Its secret was simple : Blogging with Blogger was - and is - a doddle .
6. Twitter
In truth , Twitter is less popular than Facebook - but the speed at which Facebook is attempting to copy it shows how influential it 's already become .
Twitter 's genius is twofold : you can follow people without getting their permission , which means a cat may look at a king , and there 's a huge number of Twitter clients you can use to access the service .
It 's the email of social networking .
Bob Reis '
RELICS & ANTIQUITIES
Generally speaking , a relic is anything left over from before you were alive .
For instance , to my children , I am a relic .
Antiquities are things from so long ago that you can't figure out how many generations it 's been .
But seriously folks , what I 'm going to try to sell here are objects handmade by humans " a long time ago . "
In this section will be found prehistoric artifacts , " native " manufactures from all over the world , " primitive " or " traditional " money items , and other things from the pre-electronic cultures .
I do not sell things that are obviously grave robbed and chunks of sculpture and buildings that could conceivably have been busted off of an intact object for the express purpose of selling on the antiquities market .
I try to stick to whole small objects , preferably with site data .
Almost everything " ancient " that I have does not come with official papers .
Almost all of it , except for Pakistan and China , did not come to me from the country of origin , but rather from " old " collections .
The Pakistan & China stuff came before the inception of the current restrictions .
I WILL NOT BE HANDLING IRAQI AND AFGHANI ANTIQUITIES UNTIL THE SITUATION STABILIZES
Relics inventory
WEST AFRICAN iron currency items
WEST AFRICA , bronze & brass bracelets
WEST AFRICA , manillas
ALGERIA , Neolithic flint arrowheads
ARROWHEADS from ancient Bulgaria , Iran , and Rome
AUSTRALIA , Aboriginal stone tools
BELGIUM , Neanderthal stone tool sold
BOLIVIA , ground stone axe
BULGARIA , copper axes and a dagger , c. 4000 - 3500 BC sold
BULGARIA , Bronze Age knives , c. 2000 BC
BULGARIA , Bronze
Age dagger , sickle , and spearpoint , c. 1000 BC
BULGARIA , Celtic La
Tene culture bronze artifacts , 2nd century BC
BULGARIA , Greco - Macedonian gold votive olive leaves sold
BULGARIA ? , ancient and medieval iron arrowheads sold
CAMBODIA , Khmer bronze & silver things
CHINA , weapons & tools
CHINA , neolithic stone arrows & tools
CHINA , ancient bronze halberds sold
CHINA , ancient bronze and iron axes sold
CHINA , ancient bronze spearheads
CHINA , ancient bronze crossbow mechanisms
CHINA , bronze and iron arrowheads
CHINA , ancient bronze knives sold
CHINA , ancient bronze daggers & swords
CHINA , ancient bronze armor scales sold
CHINA , miscellaneous weapons
CHINA , ancient bronze hooks
CHINA , horse related objects
CHINA , ancient bronze horse tack and ornaments
CHINA , ancient bronze chariot parasol spoke ends
CHINA , household objects
CHINA , Han dynasty " spirit mountain " incense burner sold
CHINA , ancient bronze cups , spoons , ornaments
CHINA , personal items , jewelry
CHINA , ancient beads , spindle whorls , pendants , etc .
CHINA , ancient bronze belthooks
CHINA , bronze mirrors
CHINA , stone & bronze seals sold
CHINA , personal adornment
CHINA , miscellaneous
CHINA , ancient bronze things that might be ornaments or might be money
CHINA , amulets , including old ones and silver specimens
CHINA , ancient clay " Hell " money
CHINA , bronze and iron weights
CHINA , jade & other stone objects
CHINA , pottery sold
CHINA , miscellaneous antique objects
COLOMBIA , copper axe or axe - money sold
CONGO , copper Katanga crosses , big & small sold
COSTA RICA , precolumbian tripod bowl
COWRIES
DENMARK , prehistoric stone tools
ECUADOR , Chillanes culture , c. 800- 1534 , copper sold
ECUADOR , Manteño culture , c. 800- 1534 , copper axes , etc. sold
ECUADOR , Puruha culture , c. 1300 - 1500 , ground and polished stone axes
ECUADOR , Puruha culture , c. 1300 - 1500 , ornaments in copper , silver , gold & shell
EGYPT
ENGLAND , NORFOLK , Paleolithic , c. 750,000 - 250,000 BC , pebble tools sold
ENGLAND , Henbury Pit , Mousterian ( Neanderthal ) , stone tools sold
ENGLAND , Neolithic , c. 4000 - 2000 BC , lot of 6 flint tools sold
ENGLAND , 16th century knife sold
ETHIOPIA , various artifacts sold
FIJI , tambua sold
FRANCE , pre-abbevillean pebble tools , c. 700-450,000 BC sold
FRANCE , Abbevillean pebble chopper , c. 700-250,000 BC sold
FRANCE , Mousterian ( Neanderthal ) jasper scrapers , c. 80,000 BC
FRANCE , Mousterian ( Neanderthal ) stone tools , c. 50,000 BC sold
FRANCE , Dordogne , c 30,000 - 18,000 BC , split and cut bone fragment sold
GERMANY , Neolithic stone tools sold
GERMANY , Celtic iron " Druid knives , " c. 200 BC
GIBRALTAR , Mousterian ( Neanderthal ) stone tool
GREECE sold
HITTITE bronze arrowheads & Baal figurine sold
INDONESIA , JAVA , Neolithic stone axes and adzes sold
INDONESIA , Bronze
Age bronze axes
INDONESIA , 1000 year old " Indo - Pacific " glass beads & some carnelians too
INDONESIA , ancient & antique tin and bronze rings
INDONESIA , bronze and lead ring money
INDONESIA , kris knives
IRAN , bronze arrowhead sold
IRAN , old brass seal
IVORY COAST , Senufo brass figure
JUDEA , c. 300 - 100 BC , bronze spearpoint
KENYA , ostrich egg shell beads sold
LAOS , canoe money
LEBANON , ancient Persian bronze fibulae
LIBYA , Acheulian ( homo erectus ) stone handaxes , c. 200,000 BC
MALI , Neolithic flint axes and other tools
MALI , Tellem culture , 10 - 15th c. AD , bronze bracelets & beads sold
MALI , 18 - 19th century brass bracelets
MEXICO , stone tools
MEXICO , pottery
MEXICO , copper hoe money sold
MOROCCO , Neolithic flint arrowheads sold
NIGER , Neolithic flint axes and other tools
NIGERIA , medieval copper bracelets
NIGERIA , brass " bagulu " bracelets
NIGERIA , brass pipe & cigar holder
NIGERIA , iron knives , hoes , bells
PAKISTAN , bronze axes sold
PAKISTAN , iron axes
PAKISTAN , daggers
PAKISTAN , bronze spearheads
PAKISTAN , bronze short spears
PAKISTAN , iron spear & javelin heads ( & butts )
PAKISTAN , ancient and medieval arrowheads
PAKISTAN , horse tack & ornaments
PAKISTAN , antique military miscellany
PAKISTAN , a batch of medieval iron tools
PAKISTAN , clay sculpture
PAKISTAN , stone sculpture
PAKISTAN , bronze bells & ritual objects
PAKISTAN , ancient and medieval seals
PAKISTAN , ancient & medieval metal jewelry
PAKISTAN , ancient & medieval clay , stone , & shell jewelry
PAKISTAN , ancient bronze perfume bottles & lids
PAKISTAN , ancient razors , mirrors , cosmetic palettes , & other toiletry articles
PAKISTAN , ancient bracelets
PAKISTAN , ancient buttons & pins
PAKISTAN , ancient and medieval kohl applicators , etc .
PAKISTAN , cups , bowls , knives , spoons , other food related
PAKISTAN , lamps , inkpots , other vessels
PAKISTAN , Sasanian artifacts from Darel
PAKISTAN , some fake Indus & Greek material
PANAMA , precolumbian terra cotta olla
PAPUA NEW GUINEA , boar tusks sold
PERSIA , bronze arrowhead
PERU , Spanish colonial " Nueva Cadiz " beads sold
ROMAN artifacts sold
SAUDI ARABIA , c. 40,000 - 10,000 BC , stone tools
SCOTLAND , Iron
Age pot sherd sold
SCYTHIAN bronze spearpoint sold
SINGAPORE , Paleolithic stone scraper
SPAIN , ALICANTE , c. 7000 - 6000 BC , stone tool
SPAIN , Celtic iron spearhead sold
SPANISH COLONIAL , ship 's signal cannon sold
SWITZERLAND , Neolithic Lakedwellers , stone points
THAILAND , Paleolithic stone scraper
THAILAND , Shan region , sword sold
THAILAND , Hill Tribes silver jewelry
TIBET , miscellaneous objects
TOGO , holed stones
UKRAINE , ancient & medieval artifacts
USA , Arizona , Anasazi potherds
USA , Alabama , stone points
USA , Indiana , stone points
USA , Mississippi , stone points
USA , Missouri , stone points
USA , North Carolina , stone points
USA , Ohio , stone points
USA , Washington , stone point
USA , Euro trade pipe fragment sold
Ever wondered if you'd be happier in sunny Florida or snow - covered Minnesota ?
New research on state - level happiness could answer that question .
Florida and two other sunshine states made it to the Top 5 , while Minnesota does n't show up until number 26 on the list of happiest states .
In addition to rating the smile factor of U.S. states , the research also proved for the first time that a person 's self - reported happiness matches up with objective measures of well - being .
Essentially , if an individual says they 're happy , they are .
" When human beings give you an answer on a numerical scale about how satisfied they are with their lives , it is best to pay attention .
Their answers are reliable , " said Andrew Oswald of the University of Warwick in England .
" This suggests that life - satisfaction survey data might be very useful for governments to use in the design of economic and social policies , " Oswald said .
The happy - states list , however , does n't match up with a similar ranking reported last month , which found that the most tolerant and wealthiest states were , on average , the happiest .
Oswald says this past is based on raw averages of people 's happiness in a state , and so does n't provide meaningful results .
" That study cannot control for individual characteristics , " Oswald told LiveScience .
" In other words , all anyone has been able to do is to report the averages state - by - state , and the problem with doing that is you 're not comparing apples with apples because the people who live in New York City are nothing like the individuals living in Montana . "
Rather , Oswald and Stephen Wu , an economist at Hamilton College in New York , statistically created a representative American .
That way they could take , for example , a 38 - year - old woman with a high - school diploma and making medium - wage who is living anywhere and transplant her to another state and get a rough estimate of her happiness level .
" Not much point in looking at the happiness of a Texas rancher compared to a nurse in Ohio , " Oswald said .
The happiest states :
1. Louisiana 2 . Hawaii 3 . Florida 4 . Tennessee 5 . Arizona 6 . Mississippi 7 . Montana 8 . South Carolina 9 . Alabama 10 .
Maine
The scientists caution , however , that the top spot , Louisiana , might not reflect current levels of well - being since the data were collected before the disruption caused by Hurricane Katrina .
They are confident that data for the other states does accurately reflect happiness levels .
See the full list of 50 states ( and the District of Columbia ) here .
Happiness measures
Their results come from a comparison of two data sets of happiness levels in each state , one that relied on participants ' self - reported well - being and the other an objective measure that took into account a state 's weather , home prices and other factors that are known reasons to frown ( or smile ) .
The self - reported information came from 1.3 million U.S. citizens who took part in a survey between 2005 and 2008 .
" We wanted to study whether people 's feelings of satisfaction with their own lives are reliable , that is , whether they match up to reality — of sunshine hours , congestion , air quality , etc — in their own state , " Oswald said .
The results showed the two measures matched up .
" We were stunned when it first came up on our screens , because no one has ever managed to produce a clear validation before of subjective well - being , or happiness , data , " Oswald said .
They were also surprised at the least happy states , such as New York and Connecticut , which landed at the bottom two spots on the list .
" We were struck by the states that come at the bottom , because a lot of them are on the East Coast , highly prosperous and industrialized , " Oswald said .
" That 's another way of saying they have a lot of congestion , high house prices , bad air quality . "
He added , " Many people think these states would be marvelous places to live in .
The problem is that if too many individuals think that way , they move into those states , and the resulting congestion and house prices make it a non-fulfilling prophecy . "
Would you be happier in another state ?
Using both the subjective well - being results , which included individual characteristics like demographics and income , and the objective findings , the team could figure out how an individual would fare in a particular state .
" We can create a like - to - like comparison , because we know the characteristics of people in every state , " Oswald said .
" So we can adjust statistically to compare a representative person hypothetically put down in any state . "
This new research will be published online on Dec. 17 by the journal Science .
LAUNCHING THE BAILEY BRIDGE
The British " Bailey bridge " is a knock - down steel bridge , which can be transported in a truck train and erected where needed .
With the change of some bolt - head sizes only , it has been adopted by the U.S. Army .
The bridge is a " through " type with the roadway carried between the main girders .
These girders are formed of panels pinned together to make 10 - foot bays .
The strength of the girder of 60 - foot span can be increased from 20 tons up to better than 80 tons by making it a double - truss , double - story type .
The basic unit is a welded , flat - lattice girder 10 feet long , 5 feet 1 inch high , and 7 inches wide , made of high - tensile structural steel , weighing 570 pounds , which can be carried by six men .
TANK CROSSING DOUBLE - TRUSS , SINGLE - STORY BRIDGE
The " launching " -- or actual placing of the bridge out across a stream -- is usually done by pulling the completed structure out and across the stream over rollers by means of a " launching nose " or extension , made by pinning on to the end of the bridge the necessary number of 10 - foot bays , which extend out ahead of the bridge .
The pulling is done by means of suitable cables made fast on the opposite side of the stream .
If necessary , of course , the free end of the bridge can be floated , derricked , or cantilevered out across the gap .
The following account from British sources of a method of launching a bridge without the use of the nose extension is of practical value to engineers .
* * *
To reduce the problem of jacking down to one end of the bridge only , it has been found possible to launch a " DS " -- double truss , single story -- counter - weight instead of the launching nose .
In preparing to launch by this method careful attention to the height of the rollers must be given as there is no nose into which a link can be placed .
Launching should be done on a level plane , allowance being made in the calculation for the sag of the bridge and for the base of the end posts projecting 6 inches below the bottom chord as well as for any difference in bank height .
A normal layout of stores with stringers placed further back from the rocking rollers than is usual , is satisfactory .
In construction , a normal double - story bridge , less decking , is built to the requisite length .
A Single - story skeleton tail is added , the bridge being kept as near the point of balance as possible by frequent booming out .
The last bay is decked and counter - weight is added according to the table :
Length of bridge Length of tail Counter - weight 60 D. S. 50 feet 2.5 tons - 3 bays of decking 70 D. S. 60 feet 5.1 tons - 6 - do- 80 D. S. 70 feet 5.55 tons - 7 -do-
Counter - weights are calculated with the center line of rollers on center line of base - plate .
On completion , four men are sent to the far bank to position the bearing under the end posts ; remainder of the party launch the bridge , pushing downward and outward .
When the bridge has reached the far bank , and the head has been lowered to rest on the base plates , two jacks are placed on the end of the tail and two jacks one bay back from the bridge .
Jacking proceeds until the panel pins connecting all but the last bay of the tail can be driven out with a sledge hammer .
The tail is jacked down on to the plain rollers and pushed back out of the way .
The bridge is now jacked up on the near bank , the rollers are removed and the base plates are positioned .
Packing is placed under the remaining bay of the tail .
By jacking down on to the packing , the remainder of the tail can be removed .
End posts are fitted and the jacking down is completed .
Decking can be fitted and the far ramps placed while the jacking is in hand .
The advantages gained from this method of construction are :
(1) A shorter span of bridge than would normally be necessary , can frequently be used .
(2) Jacking down one side only and dismantling the tail after the bridge has been opened to traffic , speeds the time of completion .
(3) Construction is possible with reduced working numbers and equipment .
Note
An American official source suggests that the losses of small tools , which are difficult to replace , will be considerably reduced if bridge erectors , when working over water , will carry them slung around their necks with string .
The hide - faced hammers may be adapted for stringing by drilling a hole , or cutting a groove in the handle , near the hand end .
Finally , Blinky , Pinky , Inky , Clyde , and even old Pacster get some religious iconography happening for themselves .
A creative group of X - mas - and - Pac - Man-loving cats and kittens in Madrid have created a truly festive monument to the holiday ... and the video game .
Check the video after the break for the whole , utility - burning display in action -- and commenters , feel free to translate . [ Via technabob
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab was refused a visa A man charged with trying to blow up a transatlantic plane had been on a UK watch - list , the government has said .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , 23 , was refused a visa in May and placed on a security list after he applied to study at a bogus college .
He targeted a Detroit - bound flight from Amsterdam with explosives hidden in his clothes , it is claimed .
Police are searching several London properties linked to the Nigerian ex-University College London student .
Father 's fears Home Secretary Alan Johnson said people on the same list as Mr Abdulmutallab could not come into the UK , although they could pass through the country in transit and were not permanently banned .
Those on a more serious watch - list for terror - related reasons would automatically have their details passed on internationally , but this is not always the case with information about a person rejected because of concerns about an academic application .
Mr Abdulmutallab had also been on the US 's lowest risk watch - list since November , although it allowed him to travel on planes flying into the country .
He was placed on it by US authorities after his father contacted both Nigerian and foreign officials to express his concerns after his son had ceased contact with his family .
US FLIGHT ADVICE
Only one item of hand luggage , including items bought airside BA and Virgin Atlantic not charging to check in extra hand luggage Check in wrapped presents Passengers subject to " pat - down " searches before boarding , on top of usual security checks Customers to remain seated during final hour of flight
No access to hand luggage and a ban on leaving possessions or blankets on laps during this hour
' Jet bomber ' family tell of shock Father warned about ' jet bomber ' Obama orders air security review
The home secretary told BBC Radio 4's Today programme the US authorities should theoretically have been informed that Mr Abdulmutallab was on a UK watch - list , and he doubted there had been a " hiccup " in procedures .
He said the UK 's border security was extremely " robust " : " We have a very , very strong border in this country , we have strong security measures .
We 've now monitored 135 million people trying to enter the country . "
Mr Johnson also said there was a need to establish the nature of Mr Abdulmutallab 's activities while he studied in the UK from 2005 to 2008 .
He said he did not believe that Mr Abdulmutallab had been acting alone , adding that police and security services were examining whether he had been radicalised while at University College London ( UCL ) .
UCL has confirmed that a person of the same name and description as Mr Abdulmutallab took an engineering with business finance degree at the university between September 2005 and June 2008 , when he successfully graduated .
In a statement on Monday , UCL said it was " deeply shocked " by recent events .
" During his time on the course , Mr Abdulmutallab never gave his tutors any cause for concern and was a well mannered , quietly spoken , polite and able young man , " it said .
A spokesman also confirmed that Mr Abdulmutallab was president of UCL's Islamic society between 2006 and 2007 .
' Downright complacent '
Concerns have been raised about how Mr Abdulmutallab allegedly managed to take a device - constructed from explosives moulded around his body - onto a plane .
The home secretary said the UK intended to be " at the cutting edge " of full body scanning technology , and would " put it in place as quickly as possible " .
The key question is what did authorities know about him before the attack ?
Gordon Corera
BBC security correspondent
How are passengers screened ?
" There is an issue of cost , and you always have to get this balance between ensuring that the security of our population , which is our primary concern , is balanced against people going about their normal daily business , " he added .
Shadow home secretary Chris Grayling said : " We should not jump to any conclusions following the events in the United States , but the home secretary is being downright complacent if he thinks we have a tight and secure student visa system . "
BBC security correspondent Gordon Correra said the alleged attack prompted a number of questions about Mr Abdulmutallab , as well as many concerning the relationship between authorities in the UK and US .
" The key question is what did the authorities know about him before the attack ?
" In terms of the UK there has been the suggestion that he might have crossed the radar of the security service MI5 while he was in the UK , but without any indication that he was planning an attack .
But was he in contact with any extremists here ? "
Our correspondent also said Mr Abdulmutallab's most recent application for a UK visa raised the question of why he would want to enter the country .
Extra check - in time
Air travellers are undergoing " pat - down " searches before boarding , and being restricted to one item of hand luggage .
Several US - bound flights from London 's Heathrow and Gatwick airports were delayed by two or three hours on Sunday .
US authorities introduced the measures , along with a ban on leaving seats in the hour before landing , after Mr Abdulmutallab was tackled on Northwest Airlines Flight 253 from Amsterdam as it approached Detroit on Friday .
UK airport operator BAA said airline staff were carrying out checks , and advised passengers to leave extra time to check in .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you thought that the digital TV transition , with its billion - dollar coupon program for converter boxes , was a migration nightmare , wait until it 's time for the phone system to dump its legacy circuit - switched system and move to an all - IP communications network .
That day could be coming sooner than you think ; the Federal Communications Commission has just requested comment on its planning for the transition .
As the document notes , we 've been through such transitions before on a smaller scale , including the DTV transition in mid-2009 and the earlier switch from analog to digital mobile networks .
" While each transition is different , policy has played an important role in ensuring consumers were protected from loss of essential services and were informed of the choices presented by the transition , " says the FCC .
The agency is n't yet ready to announce a " glide path " to an all - IP network , but it does want to start assembling knowledge about what 's likely to break and how existing programs like the FCC 's special phone services for the deaf will make the transition .
Telecom carriers increasingly run IP backbones and last - mile IP access to offer Internet service to home and business users .
Cable and telcos like AT&T and Verizon have for years tried to move people in the direction of IP - delivered services , especially for phone service ( when it comes to TV service , AT&T is the main IP - only player in the US ) , but huge sections of the country still rely on Plain Old Telephone Service ( POTS ) using circuit - switched services .
The transition to a fully packet - switched IP network , when it comes , will be " market led , " but the FCC is already starting to think about how to protect consumers from the " loss of essential services " and how to inform them " about the choices presented by the transition . "
If you thought showing grandma how to hook up a digital - to - analog converter box was tricky , wait until you install her IP phone or plug her ancient rotary dial into a router .
Given that voice services now make up only a fraction of the data traveling across the total US communications networks , it certainly makes little economic sense to continue supporting two separate systems
But , as with anything that has grown up for a century , pulling the plug requires plenty of planning .
Just imagine the education campaign that tries to explain to Americans that their phone calls will now be subject to the latency , jitter , and network bandwidth issues that come with VoIP — and just wait until the entire issue of voice communications intersects with network neutrality concerns .
Robert Gowdy may have died May 2 , 2008 , but memory of his burial lives on .
While the Mesa native 's passing from congestive heart failure surely came as a shock to his family , it 's his graveside burial at a city cemetery that has sparked a lawsuit against the city , Preston Funeral Home and two other parties in Maricopa County Superior Court .
The lawsuit - initially filed in April by 24 relatives and later combined with a separate suit brought by his widow Roxanne and their three children - involves the 50 - year - old 's burial at a city cemetery .
There , his casket broke apart after falling into the grave at an angle .
Roxanne Gowdy declined to comment for this story and referred all questions to her attorney , Keith Nelson .
Requests for comment left for Nelson and the other relatives ' attorney , Bertrand Russell , also were not returned .
The lawsuit states that day after Robert 's death , Roxanne Gowdy began funeral arrangements with Preston Funeral home .
While there , she contracted with the funeral home to purchase a " Renaissance " solid - wood casket , the lawsuit states .
However , the casket was n't available so the funeral home 's director , Rev. James Preston , offered to " upgrade " to a better " Madison " casket free of charge .
Arrangements were then made for Robert Gowdy to be buried within a city cemetery .
Friends and family gathered at the plot May 10 , 2008 .
City employees Enido Ayala and Gonzalo Meza , both named defendants in the lawsuit , were standing by waiting to lower the casket .
As the funeral service ended , Robert Gowdy 's wife , and their children Robert Jr. , Robyn and Russell Gowdy stood along the gravesite to pay their final respects as the casket was lowered , the lawsuit states .
Ayala and Meza began slowly depositing the casket into the ground , when the lowering device near the head of the casket broke .
" The broken strap caused the casket to slide head - first at an angle into the grave , hit the side of the vault , and come to rest in the grave at approximately a 45 - degree angle , " the lawsuit states .
" The impact of the casket into the side of the vault caused the casket lid to disconnect and exposed Robert Sr. 's body to the entire assembly . "
As the deceased man 's family and friends looked on in horror , Ayala and Meza reportedly fled on foot , the lawsuit states .
City Attorney James Fritz , who is representing the city , denied the claim in court documents , but said Tuesday that the casket itself caused the incident .
" Our contention is that we did n't do anything wrong , " Fritz said .
" The edge of casket was actually very sharp and cut the strap ( lowering the casket ) .
There are other incidents around the Valley similar to this one . "
While family and friends looked on , two members of the funeral assembly climbed into the grave to remove the casket .
As they began to lift the damaged box from the grave , the bottom separated from the sides " causing Robert Sr. 's body to slide off the casket and into the bottom of the grave .
Robert Sr.'s body was lifted , drug out of the grave , and placed on the ground . "
The body was then lifted by its arms and legs , and carried into the hearse .
However , in court documents , the funeral home denied Robert Gowdy 's body slid from the casket .
Back at the gravesite , the family found that the " Madison " casket was made of particle board held by staples , the suit said .
Six days later , family and friends again gathered at the gravesite for a second burial .
Ahead of the service , the widow asked to view Robert Gowdy 's body one last time , and was again " mortified . "
" Preston Funeral Home dressed Robert Sr. in a black pinstripe suit ( Robert Sr. hated pinstripes ) and in various other clothing that did not match , including a blue shirt and brown tie , " because his original burial clothes were soiled , the lawsuit states .
Additionally , a friendship bracelet Robyn had given to her deceased father was missing , the lawsuit states .
Also named in the suit are city employees Rick Fifield and Darrell Forrest ; the Aurora Casket Company ; and the Frigid Fluid Company , which made the casket - lowering device .
The people who drive the buses already have a union .
Now there 's a movement afoot to create one for TTC riders .
In a week punctuated by token hoarding , a fare hike and a six - hour subway disruption comes the suggestion that a transit users ' union is the better way to represent riders ' frustrations and interests .
Riders unions already exist in cities as far - flung as Edmonton and Los Angeles , where about 3,000 transit riders actually pay dues to help ward off fare increases and improve service .
In New York the Straphangers Campaign , named for the way transit riders grip a strap or bar to avoid falling , issues influential reports on the cleanliness of subway stations and poorly performing bus routes .
This week 's TTC fare hike could be the rallying point for a similar movement here , said John Cartwright , president of the Toronto & York Region Labour Council , a union coalition .
For disgruntled riders , boycotts do n't appear to be the answer .
A boycott organized on Facebook last week to protest the January hike had no visible impact .
Boycotts are not even an option for transit users who do n't own cars and do n't get paid if they do n't go to work , Cartwright said .
" We ca n't ask people to boycott .
Single parents coming down from Rexdale do n't have a choice but to take transit , " he said .
For Edward Lantz , who lives on a disability income , the January fare hike means $ 11 less each month for groceries .
" We know what 's going on in regards to people on low incomes .
They 're having a hard time deciding whether to pay the rent – it's either rent or food – and now this added cost of the TTC pass is coming into play , " said Lantz , chair of the St. James Town chapter of ACORN , another of the riders ' union organizers .
( The Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now advocates for moderate and low - income families . )
" It 's not only affecting people on the low - income scale , it 's affecting what was once called the middle class , " he said .
Organizers have already started a website called TTCRiders.ca .
But they 're loosely modelling their group on the Los Angeles Bus Riders Union .
Formed in 1991 , the L.A. union has its roots in the American civil rights movement , said lead organizer Manuel Criollo .
The Bus Riders Union helped stop the Los Angeles transit authority from eliminating monthly bus passes and got the price reduced from $ 49 to $ 42 , a fare it sustained for eight years , he said .
More recently , it has been pushing to divert road funds to transit , and in a refrain that will be familiar to Torontonians , it wants the federal government to chip in for a share of operating costs .
" When we had the first meeting , about 20 people showed up , " Criollo said .
" Now our reach is big .
We have n't sat on our laurels .
Most bus riders know who we are . "
For a decade another group , Toronto 's Rocket Riders , met as a caucus of the Toronto Environmental Alliance ( TEA ) .
A kind of transit fan club , it went dormant about six months ago .
Now , with the TTC planning to build downtown - style streetcar service into the suburbs through its Transit City plan , the constituency of transit advocacy needs to change , said Katrina Miller , TEA campaigns director .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" We need a group that 's much broader , that takes into consideration riders not just in the downtown but also in the suburbs , " she said .
" This new union would be focused on trying to represent all Toronto riders – those who are currently riding and those who want to use transit as a way of getting around . "
Environmental concerns have created a pent - up demand for more and better transit , and politicians know that , Miller said .
" Ultimately though , the number one motivation is cost and convenience , " she said .
" If it 's not affordable , convenient or reliable people are n't going to make the switch en masse . "
me : So , we ’ve decided that the Superman symbol would be the best image to represent [ what we do ] .
me : The Superman symbol .
Do you mean the “ S ” inside a shield logo from Superman ’s chest ?
they :
And on his cape !
It ’s perfect , so we ’re going to use it .
me : Have you licensed it ?
they : What ?
me : Have you licensed it for use from Warner Brothers ?
they :
It ’s a comic book , you see it everywhere .
It ’s not Warner Brothers .
me : So , you have n’t licensed the trademarked Superman logo from Warner Brothers , and are going to use it to brand your [ product ] .
they : to show how strong it is .
me : we ’ll need to license the logo in order to use it , it will likely cost more than your current budget , and it ’s highly unlikely Warner will allow it for [ your use ] .
they :
No , it fits perfectly and it been around forever .
You see it on everything , t- shirts , tennis shoes , the even made that new movie .
Let ’s use that one and go fast .
me : go fast ?
they : Yeah , I ’ve got it right here .
The code for it , in 3D , right off the video game .
Let ’s put that right up top .
me : I ’m going to need cash upfront .
Letting One Small Aquatic Festival Bloom
Back in 2001 , I mused : “ It seems really hard to start a new country full - time .
Could we start one as a weekend festival ? ” , and thus was born the idea of Ephemerisle .
A few weeks ago , we finally took the first steps by holding the very first Ephemerisle event .
It was in sheltered waters , and did not have political autonomy , but it was an awesome start to a very different strategy to achieve political freedom than what has been tried – and failed – in the best .
There ’s enough interesting coverage online now to give you a round - up .
The Ephemerisle 2009 Coverage wiki has videos , pictures , and participant reports .
( My favorite video is of the whole festival dancing to “ I ’m On A Boat ” ) .
Major media coverage so far includes Danny O’ Brien in the Irish Times , Declan McCullagh on his CBS News blog , and Brian Doherty in Reason Magazine .
Brian ’s piece : Building Ephemerisle – Can a party on a river lead to liberty on the sea ?
is the longest , and closes with a long quote from me about how Ephemerisle can pave the way to seasteading :
“ As long as we position it from the beginning as a festival about trying to go to the ocean , we ’ll build up a community who love working and playing on the water , and who are interested in it even if we know there will be brand new problems once we get to the ocean , ” Patri says , linking the play of Ephemerisle , difficult as it was , with the work of permanent seasteads .
“ Even if we have n’t built knowledge , we will have built community .
We ’ll have a group of smart , creative people who have been there riding along with the vision and willing to step up when we need to make that next step , to think and test about how to move seasteading to the next stage . ”
My favorite commentary on the political aspects of Ephemerisle came in the comment thread to Will Wilson ’s post on Postmodern Conservative .
Will wrote :
… the whole thing was at times creepily non-political .
It seemed to me like the demographic was evenly split between those who were primarily there to build floating stuff and those who were primarily there to party .
I ’ll attribute this for now to the fact that it took us a while to climb Maslow ’s Hierarchy of Needs .
Debating and discussing political philosophy is difficult when one does n’t have shelter , and construction of the floating platforms took much longer than anticipated .
The next few years will be crucial for the future of the project — if major engineering challenges get met but people still are n’t debating , I think that spells trouble for Ephemerisle ( seasteading would still work , however , the two concepts are synergistic but separate ) .
And Glen Raphael responded ( emphasis his ) :
I think you ’ve just convinced me of the opposite .
( and that I need to attend next year – I did n’t get there this time ) .
The difficulty of surviving in this new frontier is a feature , not a bug .
The New World and the Old West were n’t free or libertararian to the degree that they were because people debated political philosophy in their copious spare time and thereby reached the especially well - reasoned conclusion that they should spend minimal resources on government .
No , they were free and libertarian because people were too busy working and surviving to put up with needless bureaucratic obstacles to getting stuff done .
Politics in the old frontiers was an afterthought , something that got short shrift .
The pioneers had to fight off predators , build shelter , clear fields , improve water supplies , plant and gather and prepare well enough to survive the next winter .
Any time there was a need to solve a political problem , they ’d apply the proven programming technique do the simplest thing that might possibly work so they could get back to the more important stuff .
Serious politics is a luxury good .
If a large fraction of ephermerisle participants were too busy being productive – learning , producing , solving problems – to waste much of their non-recreational time on politics , that seems like an excellent indication that they were on the right path .
Zing !
I ’m not sure how I feel about this idea – after all , my vision is to have a society with low regulation and luxury , that is productive but not a constant struggle for survival .
But Glen beautifully captures the pioneer spirit and the reason why freedom tends to be found on the frontier .
Our challenge is to create a society that is , in a sense , an eternal frontier – that maintains this attitude even as it grows .
My hope is that dynamic geography will do this , but for it to even have a chance , we need to find an incremental path to get to the seasteading world .
Ephemerisle is one such path .
I ’m glad to have it in our portfolio of approaches , and as you can see from the coverage , this first year was an amazing , incredible experience .
Dec. 4 , 2009  --
Anyone who hoped that Comcast 's takeover of entertainment giant NBC Universal would slash cable prices is in for a disappointment .
In fact , the cable distributor now has more power to keep prices high and limit free access to NBC shows online .
" Comcast is hostile to the open , free models that NBC has been supporting for many years , " said Colin Dixon , a media analyst at Diffusion Group .
" That should be a serious cause for concern . "
NBC airs network programs such as " The Biggest Loser " and " The Office " for free to anyone with a television , while also offering cable shows from the Bravo and USA channels for free on the Hulu Web site .
Comcast , on the other hand , is a cable provider that makes most of its money from distributing content over cable lines in return for a monthly subscription fee .
It 's only natural , Dixon and others said , for Comcast to want to maintain a tight grip on subscribers .
" A cable operator does n't make any money when a channel distributes its content for free , " said Dixon .
" It 's in their interest to try to make that content pay and make it difficult to get . "
Comcast announced plans Thursday to buy 51 percent of NBC Universal from General Electric for $ 13.75 billion .
The deal gives Comcast , the country 's largest cable distributor , control of NBC , Telemundo , more than 20 cable channels and the Universal Pictures movie studio .
Some consumers hope that the merger could result in lower cable bills , now that Comcast can negotiate lower rates for NBC content .
But analysts say that 's not likely to happen .
" This is not about getting cheaper content , " said Craig Moffett , a media analyst at Bernstein Research .
Instead , he said , the merger is meant to help Comcast tap into new revenue streams .
In fact , Comcast has little power to set the prices it pays to NBC for content , unless it 's also willing to lower prices for other buyers such as Time Warner Cable and Verizon .
" The parent company could flex their muscles , but it does n't want to weaken NBC 's ability to get a higher fee from someone else , " said Greg Ireland , a research manager at IDC .
In addition , because the television industry is closely regulated by the Federal Communications Commission , any attempt at gaining an unfair competitive advantage will raise red flags .
The deal comes at a time when cable companies are beginning to lose leverage because more consumers are getting their content for free on the Internet .
It is sure to highlight the ongoing struggle between distributors and programmers for Americans ' dollars .
Because of the recession , programmers such as NBC , ABC , HBO and Fox have seen advertising revenues drop .
To replace the lost income , programmers have begun asking cable distributors for a higher cut of subscription revenues .
Time Warner cable , which has several contracts – with Fox and The Weather Channel , among others -- expiring at the end of the year , says that some programmers have asked for fee increases of up to 300 percent .
As a negotiating tactic , programmers often pull shows from a distributor , which makes viewers angry at their cable providers .
" When a programmer comes to us and asks us for a 300 percent price increase for their content , that 's what causes your cable bill to go up , " says Alex Dudley , a spokesman for Time Warner Cable , arguing that programmers already get their fair cut .
Last year , Time Warner received $ 16.3 billion from subscribers , and paid $ 3.7 billion – almost a quarter – to companies such as News Corp ( which owns Fox ) and NBC Universal .
While that seems like a small percentage , Dudley points out that maintaining a national network of cables and wires to deliver the content is pricey .
" It 's an ongoing war .
Distributors want as much of the money as possible , and the people who create the content want their share , " said Carl Howe , director of media consumer research at the Yankee Group .
Consumers , meanwhile , are being squeezed on both sides .
" The only way your cable bill will go down , " said Howe , " is if you cancel your service . "
My friend , the wonderful sf writer Peter Watts was beaten without provocation and arrested by US border guards on Tuesday .
I heard about it early Wednesday morning in London and called Cindy Cohn , the legal director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation .
She worked her contacts to get in touch with civil rights lawyers in Michigan , and we mobilized with Caitlin Sweet ( Peter 's partner ) and David Nickle ( Peter 's friend ) and Peter was arraigned and bailed out later that day .
But now Peter faces a felony rap for " assaulting a federal officer " ( Peter and the witness in the car say he did n't do a thing , and I believe them ) .
Defending this charge will cost a fortune , and an inadequate defense could cost Peter his home , his livelihood and his liberty .
Peter 's friends are raising money for his legal defense .
I just sent him CAD $ 1,000 , because this is absolutely my biggest nightmare : imprisoned in a foreign country for a trumped - up offense against untouchable border cops .
I would want my friends to help me out if it ever happened to me .
Update :
Here 's more from Peter , in his own words : " Along some other timeline , I did not get out of the car to ask what was going on .
I did not repeat that question when refused an answer and told to get back into the vehicle .
In that other timeline I was not punched in the face , pepper - sprayed , shit - kicked , handcuffed , thrown wet and half - naked into a holding cell for three fucking hours , thrown into an even colder jail cell overnight , arraigned , and charged with assaulting a federal officer , all without access to legal representation ( although they did try to get me to waive my Miranda rights .
Twice . ) .
Nor was I finally dumped across the border in shirtsleeves : computer seized , flash drive confiscated , even my fucking paper notepad withheld until they could find someone among their number literate enough to distinguish between handwritten notes on story ideas and , I suppose , nefarious terrorist plots .
I was not left without my jacket in the face of Ontario 's first winter storm , after all buses and intercity shuttles had shut down for the night .
" In some other universe I am warm and content and not looking at spending two years in jail for the crime of having been punched in the face . "
Update : David Nickle sez , " This is just to let you know that we 've got a snail - mail address for people to send cheques – Bakka Phoenix Science Fiction Bookstore has agreed to collect and forward them .
The details are here on my blog . "
Sf writer David Nickle writes ,
Hugo - award - nominated science fiction author Dr. Peter Watts is in serious legal trouble after he was beaten , pepper - sprayed and imprisoned by American border guards at a Canada U.S. border crossing December 8 .
This is a call to friends , fans and colleagues to help .
Peter , a Canadian citizen , was on his way back to Canada after helping a friend move house to Nebraska over the weekend .
He was stopped at the border crossing at Port Huron , Michigan by U.S. border police for a search of his rental vehicle .
When Peter got out of the car and questioned the nature of the search , the gang of border guards subjected him to a beating , restrained him and pepper sprayed him .
At the end of it , local police laid a felony charge of assault against a federal officer against Peter .
On Wednesday , he posted bond and walked was taken across the border to Canada in shirtsleeves ( he was released by Port Huron officials with his car and possessions locked in impound , into a winter storm that evening ) .
He 's home safe .
For now .
But he has to go back to Michigan to face the charge brought against him .
The charge is spurious .
But it 's also very serious .
It could mean two years in prison in the United States , and a ban on travel in that country for the rest of Peter 's life .
Peter is mounting a vigorous defense , but it 's going to be expensive – he 's effectively going up against the U.S. Department of Homeland Security , and he needs the best legal help that he can get .
He 's got that help , courtesy of one of the top criminal lawyers in the State of Michigan .
We , Peter 's friends and colleagues here in Canada , want to make sure he gets the help he needs financially to come out of this nightmare whole .
The need for that help is real .
While Peter is a critically successful science fiction writer , he is by no means a best - selling author .
Without help , the weight of his legal fees could literally put him on the street by spring .
We can't let that happen .
So there 's going to be fundraising .
We 're going to think of something suitable in the New Year – but immediately , anyone who wants to help can do so easily .
Peter 's website , rifters.com , has a link to a PayPal account , whimsically named the Niblet Memorial Kibble Fund .
He set it up years ago for fans of the Hugo - nominated novel Blindsight and his Rifters books , to cover veterinary bills for the cats he habitually rescues from the mean streets of Toronto .
Peter has made it clear that he does n't want to use the veterinary money to cover his lawsuit .
But until we can figure out a more graceful conduit for the legal fund , that 's the best place to send donations for now .
Just let Peter know that the donation 's for his legal defense , and that 's where it will go .
Here 's the link to the backlist page on Peter 's website , rifters.com , or you can just send a PayPal donation to donate@rifters.com .
The link to the Niblet Memorial Kibble Fund is in the middle of the page .
The page also links to Creative Commons editions of all his published work , which he 's made available free .
Peter would approve , we think , if you downloaded one or two or all of them .
Whether you make a donation to the legal fund or not .
Update : David Nickle adds , " there 's a very small correction I need to make to the account that 's gone , erm , viral .
I had thought that Peter had made his way back on foot ; in fact , police released him in shirtsleeves at the Canadian side of the border .
It was a winter storm , he was in shirtsleeves , but he did n't have to cross the bridge on foot .
I 'd misunderstood Peter 's account on that point . "
Welcome to our world of research
Here at Nottingham we deliver research that transforms lives and shapes the future .
Our research impact Discover the research that 's transforming lives across the world Read more
Browser does not support script .
Search Alternatively , view the A to Z research listings
Browser does not support script .
What is one of the most heard complaints about the current Android phones ?
The battery life .
Today we are going to take a quick look at one of the most useful applications in the market .
APNdroid is simply an on / off switch for your APN service .
What this means is that while you are not using your edge / 3g you can have it turned off , saving your phone ’s battery .
With your APN turned off you can still receive and make phone calls , and text messages like normal .
But you will need to turn it back on if you wish to use the browser , maps , or want to send any MMS messages .
APNdroid is alsoÂ open source , check it out if you ’d like to see exactly how it works .
If you have ever been disappointed with your android device ’s battery life , then please try APNdroid and simply turn off your wireless data while you are not using it .
You ’ll be amazed by how much longer you make it between charges , even if you just leave it off while you are asleep .
Many of you have stories of Decembers gone technologically wrong , but telling them to friends over the dinner table only gets you laughs and sympathetic looks .
Telling them to Gizmodo can get you pizza and fame .
Pizza and fame .
Advertisement
Basically , we want to hear your holiday - themed tales of gadget horror and technology disasters .
As incentive to open up and share , we 've got some free pizza for the very best ( or worst , depending on how you look at it ) story .
What we 'll do is post that story along with some of our favorite runner - ups so you 'll become Internet - famous and a part of Gizmodo history .
Sounds good , no ?
I know it might be scary to share a traumatizing tale , but you 're safe here and we wo n't laugh too much .
So , email me your stories with the subject line " Holiday Horror " and make me want to give you pizza and a post on Gizmodo .
I absolutely love this song .
Maybe the official re-tweet will forgive my thread necromancy here , but I think it 's time I took this into Audacity ( unless someone has a better Linux tool they 'd recommend ) and dropped the intensity on the drum entrance .
It 's just too heavy for me .
I know most modern music for TV and small movies is synth rather than orchestral , but it can be really jarring when you go from something that 's beautifully orchestral and natural sounding to some painfully obvious synth trumpet or sax ; or in this case drums .
Tamandua ( Tamandua tetradactyla ) is a smaller specie of anteaters and are the closest related to sloths and armadillos .
Owners say that the Tamandua are the ‘ perfect ’ anteaters ; just the right size , and just the right amount of attitude .
By looking at the pictures it seems they know how special they look , and do n’t mind posing in sweaters and other handmade clothes .
According to owners they know how to open windows , drawers , cabinets and containers and they respond to their name .
The downside to owning this pet is that they like tearing things up and will use their long claws on almost anything , including your furniture .
They also need to follow a very strict and diet .
And lastly they come with a hefty price tag of approximately $ 4500 .
Tamanduas are very loving , but just like cats , they tend to “ let you ” love them .
If you like this , you must see : Chito made friends with the croc
UNStudio , a Dutch architecture firm has been commisioned by LVMH to design Louis Vuitton ’s flagship store in Japan which is a futuristic 10 - storey landmark building that consists of retail space , café , spa , bookstore , as well as an event and exhibition space .
UNStudio aims to establish an architectural equivalent of the identity of Louis Vuitton in which classical and modern qualities are blended , reinforcing each other .
The elements that represent the classical values connected to the Louis Vuitton brand are implicitly present throughout the design .
These elements are to a large extent identical to the modernity also implicit in the name Louis Vuitton , along with the value of inventiveness .
The element that moves through all the scale levels of the design is the leaf shape .
The leaf is found in the floor plan , in the section and in the elevation .
It has been applied to the construction also , responding to location - specific constructional demands .
Leaf - shaped openings in the façade give the building a strong identity with landmark potential , while complying with the necessity for discreetness with respect to visibility from the outside .
The leaf shape can be seen as bearing a connection to the famous Louis Vuitton monogram .
The building follows the structure of a grand house : with three levels , each spanning a varying number of split - level floors and each with its own atmosphere and purpose .
Each floor is in principle divided into four leaves , which are set in a spiral pattern with a height difference between each leaf of 2.70 meters .
Terrace zones , which offer a mix of functions in a garden setting , mark the different vertical sections of the house , with the sense of intimacy growing towards the top of the building .
We Recommend :
A tidal wave is washing over Europe , and it has already begun to transform the digital music landscape overseas .
In the next few months , the company expects to make its way to the U.S .
Spotify is a program similar to iTunes that lets users listen to just about any song on demand .
For free .
The application takes a page from the Google model -- give a fantastic product away and plan to make money from ads .
It also has a " freemium " component -- that is a business model where the cow and milk are free , but the bells and hormones cost extra .
In order to play music on smart phones ( including a spiffy iPhone app ) or store songs to be played without an Internet connection , users must subscribe to Spotify Premium , a 10 - euro - per - month plan .
Each subscriber can sync three devices with up to 3,333 songs .
But Spotify has said in prior interviews that it expects the majority of users to stick with the free version .
For that reason , U.S. record labels are skeptical , according to a recent story in the Financial Times .
Subscription services such as Napster and Rhapsody have failed to attract significant followings .
The Financial Times also claims that Spotify delayed its launch in America due to roadblocks in talks with the labels here .
Spotify spokesman Andres Sehr maintains that it 's still on track to make its way stateside early next year , as the Swedish company has told Pop & Hiss for weeks .
Because " the U.S. is the largest music market in the world , " Sehr said , " it 's a long process . "
Compared with the back - and - forth with European labels when Spotify was just starting out , this is nothing .
" We negotiated with the record labels for two years before we launched , " Sehr said .
" We 've shown that we 're really popular , " Sehr said in a phone interview from Stockholm .
" There 's data , and we see how things work . "
" Really popular " might be an understatement .
According to firsthand accounts from folks across the pond , Spotify is practically ubiquitous in some circles .
Barely a year old , the service hit the ground running in the half - dozen countries it operates in .
We 've been testing the software for about three weeks .
It blows the doors off of anything on the market and poses a major threat to several music services fighting for attention .
' The Plan ' serves not as a standalone movie as ' Razor ' was , but as half retcon and half detail filler .
Before people start going crazy and saying how it's not a retcon since it was " planned " from the beginning , just rewatch the series .
The producers obviously made stuff up as they went along which actually worked quite well in the end .
The movie jumps around from scenario to scenario never really pushing a narrative and instead illuminating certain events of the series with information on what the Cylons were doing .
My expectations were not high when I heard the idea for the movie , but when I saw the trailers and read quotes from Edward James Olmos , I began to warm to the idea , though I was never ecastatic about it .
Unless there was something truly revolutionary about the movie , there was no way a retelling of the the miniseries and first 2 seasons could be better than an original story .
In a sense I was right .
There were no major revelations , no event that made me want to watch the entire series again ( more than I normally would ) , and certainly was n't the Battlestar Galactica we 've learned to be amazed by , but it was interesting to see everything from the perspectives of the Cylons .
Interspersed through the movie are old scenes from the miniseries and the first two seasons .
I 'm not sure how much new footage was shoot , but there was an awful lots of old footage .
It was a little funny seeing how people became much older instantly though the problem could not be avoided .
The quality of the the old footage , especially from the miniseries is noticeably different than the rest of the movie , but since I 'm not an expert on editing , I have no clue what they could have done .
Cavil is the main character of ' The Plan ' as he inserts himself , much like Jacob did in the season 5 finale of Lost , into everyone 's lives .
He becomes essential the main villain of Battlestar Galactica , and not Cylons .
We get a very sympathetic views of the other models , while Cavil is portrayed as even more of a bastard .
Dean Stockwell does a wonderful job as a deceitful manipulator , constantly up to tricks and no good .
We got to see more of Number Four ( Simon ) possibly than the in whole series .
On one of the ships , he has a wife and daughter , and is reluctant to embrace his Cylon side .
Cavil pushes him to destroy the ship they are on and Simon clearly does not want to do anything .
He loves his wife and even asks Cavil to save his wife .
Cavil tells him that if they survive , it would be worse since they would know Simon was a Cylon .
Eventually , Simon airlocks himself , and is discovered to be a Cylon anyways .
Who would have known ?
Even life as a Cylon sucked .
We see Cavil manipulate Five into putting on the suicide vest and see him actually detonate it .
Leoben develops his Kara obsession while listening to communications in the fleet .
It 's really creepy as he sits there with this radio thing just listening to her talk .
The story of Anders is probably the biggest change .
When the attack happens , he is scared and is n't seen as the leader yet .
He even admits later to Cavil that he wanted to run away .
He and is group attack the Cylons and we see him take charge .
The writers could have spent much more time developing Anders 's story which I thought could have been made into an entire movie .
There are a couple scenes in the beginning with Ellen Tigh sitting with Cavil in a bar in Picon .
After the attack , Cavil takes her onto a medical ship where she is brought into the fleet .
Totally random , but Kate Vernon did a good job .
Boomer gets quite a bit of attention as Cavil manipulates her into sabotaging the ship and ultimately shooting Adama .
Cavil is able to control her with an wooden elephant which turns on her innate Cylon .
When he takes it away , Boomer turns back into a human and remembers nothing of what transpired .
Cavil has a small story of his own unrelated to the other characters .
There is a boy hanging around where he lives .
To show the cruelty of Cavil , he stabs the boy in cold blood .
There 's a
Six we 've never really seen before that mocks how everyone is failing , and is in bed with Cavil most of the time .
For parental warning , there is nudity and a sex scene in the movie .
That 's probably going to be cut out on TV or censored in some way .
Like the nudity in Caprica and the excessive drinking in the series finale , it was unnecessary , other than to show how degenerate the colonies are .
The final 30 minutes was where things get interesting and felt like Battlestar Galactica .
There is a sharp divide between the Cavil that was with Anders and the one on the Galactica .
The Anders Cavil has a change of heart after seeing Kara interact with Anders after her return .
He has a rifle trained perfectly on her head , and yet there is some part of humanity that exists in the deepest recesses in this otherwise horrible machine that made him hold back .
When he comes back to the Galactica and is caught as a Cylon , he tells the Galactica Cavil that they should not have annihilated the humans .
Galactica Cavil tells him he 's crazy and even threatens to have him boxed .
As the two Cavils are sent flying into the vacuum of space , the Galactica Cavil gives one last incredible monologue explaining why Cylons are better than humans .
Overall , I was n't impressed or disappointed .
The acting was great and the tone was great .
The pacing was good , expect it was very choppy .
With so many different storylines going on , I was able to keep track of what was going on , but with so much going on , everything felt like it could have been more .
I really liked seeing the other colonies and their destruction which are most of the pictures I 've included .
The architecture of each are different and I would love to get an interactive look at each planet .
Score : 8.7/10
Now you can have holiday fun , tasty eats , and a good dose of Web - enabled turkey technology all as part of Thanksgiving thanks to Portland - based Turkey Tracker , the best Web - based Thanksgiving you ’ll ever see .
We here in good old Portland love our food .
And we love our technology .
And we love the Web .
But far too often those loves remain separate and distinct .
I mean , sure there ’s some crossover — Whiffies and KoiFusion jump to mind — but by and large , our food and tech are usually two completely different realms .
Well not anymore , my friend .
Now you can have holiday fun , tasty eats , and a good dose of Web - enabled turkey technology — all as part of Thanksgiving — thanks to Portland - based Turkey Tracker , the best Web - based Thanksgiving you ’ll ever see .
Sure , sure .
I hear you .
“ We ’ve got our family football game . ”
“ We like to watch the pro games on the tube . ”
“ We ’re cooking all day . ”
Well , forget all of that .
If the Pilgrims had had the Interwebs , this is how they would have spent Thanksgiving .
Trust me .
Revel in the preparation of the turkey and all the trimmings .
Learn more about libations that will make your Thanksgiving more jolly .
Astound at appetizers that will have you wanting more .
I mean , literally wanting more .
You see , Turkey Tracker all takes place on your machine .
You ’re a virtual participant in their timely turkey preparation .
No muss .
No fuss .
Unless of course you start licking your monitor or something .
So grab your centerpiece , your festive salt and pepper shakers , your baster , and your potato masher and park your little heinie in front of your machine , and get set to revel in all of the Thanksgiving preparation vicariously .
I mean , come on .
They ’re livestreaming the turkey prep .
They ’re answering questions from the audience .
They ’ve even gone all dorkbot on some gadgets to track the turkey temperature .
What , I ask , could be better than this ?
That ’s right .
Nothing .
Nothing tastes as good as being geeky feels .
Still not convinced ?
Well , maybe this recent Ignite Portland presentation will help .
http://blip.tv/play/AYGxj3UC
Want to get in on the fun ?
Join the Turkey Tracker Flickr group and you ’ll get the chance to submit your own tasty turkey images to appear on the Turkey Tracker homepage .
Finally — and honestly most importantly — the Turkey Tracker folks are raising money for the Oregon Food Bank .
And that , alone , makes it worth your time to visit the site .
Even if you ’re of the vegan persuasion .
( NOTE :
There are no meat products displayed on the pledge link above . )
And if you really must step away from your machine or go play football or whatever , make sure to follow Turkey Tracker on Twitter so that you do n’t miss out on one delicious second of this Turkey Day spectacle .
For more information or to join in on the tracking of the turkey , visit Turkey Tracker .
( Image courtesy eyeliam .
Used under Creative Commons . )
Like this : Like Loading ...
Top 5 Development Studios of 2009
Harmonix Music Systems ( The Beatles : Rock Band , Rock Band Network )
Naughty Dog ( Uncharted 2 : Among Thieves )
Rocksteady Studios ( Batman : Arkham Asylum )
Runic Games ( Torchlight )
Valve Software ( Left 4 Dead 2 , DLC for Team Fortress 2 and Left 4 Dead )
Developer Honorable Mentions
Development studios primarily earn their reputation on the strength of the games they release , and rightly so .
But many studios make a name for themselves beyond that , based on interaction with their fans , impressive post - release support , strong first impressions , or succeeding in genres or business models that are traditionally particularly challenging .
These five studios fulfilled some of those criteria .
Eligible groups released at least one game during 2009 .
Only specific development teams , offices , or divisions were considered ; entire publishers were not . ( listed alphabetically )
In addition to having kicked off the current wave of music - driven video games , Cambridge - based Harmonix Music Systems has stayed at the forefront of it through its ambitious but relatively restrained stewardship of thefranchise .
The company 's sole internally - developed retail release this year , , was a cut above the rapid - fire band tie-ins that populate the genre , serving as a self - contained tribute to an iconic band that built on the design framework the studio has perfected .
But more broadly , Harmonix 's stewardship of the mind - boggling voluminous and diversesong catalogue has ensured the franchise 's increasingly - broad appeal .
It 's a lineup that ranges from The Who to Roy Orbison to The Zombies to the Pixies to Alice in Chains to Lucinda Williams , totaling more than 1000 tracks across individual downloads , bundles , and full albums .
And that number will only increase with the full launch of the Rock Band Network , a suite of community - driven tools allowing musicians to create their own - compatible tracks .
The software is already available , so when the marketplace opens up , it should start with a healthy stock .
Aside from garnering considerable praise for its action - adventure sequel , Naughty Dog set a particularly strong example this year for its desire to document and demonstrate its development practices to its fans and to the rest of the game development community .
On the public - facing side , Naughty Dog developers -- not just marketers -- produce a surprisingly high number of behind the scenes videos discussing its design philosophy , development goals , and general studio culture .
Staffers also participated in multiple extensive real - time chats with fans , answering questions about all aspects of the project .
The company also addressed its development peers , sending staffers to demonstrate extensively at shows like Game Developers Conference and Develop ; the company is planning to give numerous talks during GDC 2010 drilling down deep into 's production .
London - based Rocksteady Studios ' first effort , the 2006 shooter , was relatively well - received , but generated little attention .
With its followup , this year 's , the studio created a new first impression for itself overnight , establishing a top - notch reputation on the back of one of 2009 's most acclaimed releases .
What 's more impressive about the feat is thatsucceeds where nobody else has .
It 's tough enough to make a truly great licensed game -- after all , the segment does n't have much of a quality threshold , and it's been demonstrated that tie-ins can sell well regardless -- but it 's even harder to make a truly greatgame .
For over two decades , the dark knight 's video game presence has been , with few exceptions , abysmal .
Butis highly playable , strongly evocative , and inventive from a design standpoint , showing that all the license needed was the right caretaker .
IP owner Warner Bros. clearly agrees , having recently announced Rocksteady will be hanging on to the caped crusader for another round .
Seattle - based Runic Games hit the ground running this year .
Starting with an open - source renderer -- already an unusual choice -- the startup churned out its highly - polished debut effortin only 11 months .
The - esque action RPG was widely praised as fun and addictive in the way the genre strives to be , but it 's Runic 's approachability and receptiveness to feedback that has particularly distinguished it beyond its development prowess .
Developers from the company have made an effort to respond to fan concerns and suggestions , provide information and context , and participate in a heroic number of community interviews and podcasts .
In a particularly famous incident , the studio set a bar for accessibility concerns .
Mere hours after a forum member mentioned that one of the game 's camera effects left her unable to play sections of the games due to an uncommon eye condition , a Runic developer patched in a user toggle for the option -- at 8:00 am on a Sunday morning , no less .
Valve goes to great lengths to share its philosophy on ongoing post - release content with the rest of the development community , but it still arguably acts on that philosophy better and more frequently than anyone else , supporting its games long after their ship dates with free content ( at least on the PC ) in an era when day - one paid DLC is becoming the norm .
But that 's most evident with the two - year - old multiplayer shooter , which has played host to a dizzying ( and seemingly neverending ) stream of new content , gameplay tweaks , and almost joke - like additions .
It 's almost a totally different game than it was at launch ; it 's seen more persistent evolution than some MMOs .
The game 's fundamentally tongue - in - cheek premise of warring corporate entities provides a perfect canvas for the studio's continuing content insanity , as documented by its consistently hilarious blog .
Case in point : the game 's Soldier and Demoman classes are currently locked in a community - wide war that has seen the Demoman equipped with a new shield and claymore ( the sword kind ) .
Ace TeamBioWareDejobaan GamesFrom SoftwareRockstar NorthTelltale GamesTwisted Pixel Games
Today 's Teens More Anxious , Depressed and Paranoid Than Ever Research shows that mental illness has been on the rise since the 1930s .
Dec. 10 , 2009  --
Mental illness may be a sign of the times , a new study suggests .
According to researchers , psychological problems among teens have been on the rise since the 1930s , and Americans ' obsession with material gains and success may be to blame .
" We have become a culture that focuses more on material things and less on relationships , " said lead researcher Jean Twenge , author of " Generation Me " and an associate professor of psychology at San Diego State University .
Twenge said this focus is affecting mental health on a societal level .
The study , which has not yet been officially published , analyzes data on the mental health and personality of over 63,000 high school and college students between 1938 and 2007 .
Drawing on self - reports from widely used psychological surveys , including the Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory , researchers found that over time , more and more students are reporting symptoms of mental illness .
Eight - five percent of college students today fall above the average mental illness " score " of students in the 1930s and 1940s .
Students today report they feel significantly more isolated , misunderstood , and emotionally sensitive or unstable than in decades past .
Teens were also more likely to be narcissistic , have low self - control , and express feelings of worry , sadness , and dissatisfaction with life .
Although self - reported symptoms would not be enough to diagnose mental illness in these populations , the authors suggest that changes in students ' responses over time suggest a real change in mental health levels .
' Prozac Nation ' Coming True ?
The authors are also quick to point out that increases in these symptoms may even be underestimated in recent years because of the increasing number of Americans on antidepressant and anti-anxiety medication .
In more recent times , they write , " those answering the survey might have had their mental state stabilized already by drugs . "
A study out of Northwestern University released Monday offers further support to this claim : researchers found that patients on the antidepressant drug Paxil experienced changes in personality , such as being more outgoing .
As a possible result , they may have been less likely to suffer from psychological problems or relapse into depression .
Could Economic Depression Lead to Personal Depression ?
Why are teens having more psychological issues with each passing generation ?
One possibility put forth by the researchers is that levels of mental illness increase when the economy goes south .
However , given that the economy has fluctuated considerably since the 1940s but this trend has only showed a steady increase , researchers say this is unlikely .
It is also possible that students today are more willing to admit to having psychological problems than generations past because of increasing awareness and acceptance of mental health issues .
But according to Twenge , the MMPI controls for this " socially desirable responding . "
The data do not suggest that the extent to which respondents adjust their responses to give the " right " impression has changed over time .
The most likely culprit , the authors write , is that changes in our cultural values are behind teens feeling more anxious , depressed , isolated , and stressed - out .
Materialism at the Core
" When you talk about generational change -- as this study does -- it 's really about changes in the culture , " Twenge said .
The researchers cannot say for sure which societal changes are behind this change , but looking at students ' responses concerning things like the importance of money or the value of family and personal relationships , researchers say an increasingly materialistic culture is likely at fault .
" These results suggest that as American culture has increasingly valued extrinsic and self - centered goals such as money and status , while increasingly devaluing community , affiliation , and finding meaning in life , the mental health of American youth has suffered , " the authors write .
Consumer Culture May Be the Culprit
Experts in psychology and psychiatry agree .
Margit Burmeister , professor of psychiatry and human genetics at the University of Michigan , said it " makes very good sense with what we know of lifestyle changes in the past 50 years " that our consumer culture is affecting mental illness .
She added that " genetic vulnerability [ to mental illness ] is the other side of the coin that needs to be kept in mind " -- in other words , as our society piles more and more stress onto its citizens , those who are predisposed to crack under the pressure , will .
" The same stress level that energizes one individual may trigger depression in another , " Burmeister said .
Dr. Bruce Rabin , medical director of the Health Lifestyle Program at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center , said that beyond our society 's focus on external goals , the stress level among parents in recent times has impacted the type of children we raise .
Children today " lack meaningful , healthy role models , " Rabin said .
" They learn from those they love ... if role models are short tempered [ or ] tell children to leave them alone because they are under a lot of stress ... there will be an effect on the child 's mental health development . "
In this way , he said , children learn which aspects of life to make a priority .
Relationships take a back seat , and work , success , material gains take precedence .
Treatment for the Modern Mind
So what does this mean for the coming generations ?
" Whether this trend has topped out or will continue upward remains to be seen , " the authors write , but these results suggest that the demand for mental health services is likely to increase in the coming decades .
And we " might need to re-think preventing and treating depression , " Burmeister said .
If increased materialism and decreased community are really to blame -- at least in part -- for this trend , the authors write , then interventions may have to be taken at the societal level .
They add , " knowing which larger social trends ... may lead to more [ psychological problems ] is an important starting point in building a society of people with better mental health . "
Congratulations to the National Organization For Marriage , a group dedicated to making sure a large segment of the population cannot get married , on their successful campaign to scare people in Maine .
NOM raised a zillion dollars or so from hateful bigots across the nation whose names they refuse to disclose , which is , of course , a violation of state campaign finance law .
But if it works , who gives a shit ?
53 % of Maine voters agreed that if the gays get married , they will attempt to force the children to learn , in public schools , that gay people exist , and that they should not be beaten to death for crimes against God .
Once again we learn the shocking truth that putting the civil rights of minority groups to a popular vote does not work very well .
Crazy , right ?
Here is a classic sketch from The Dana Carvey Show that is more relevant than ever , again :
Companies are n't moving fast enough , the government says
The new coalition government in Oslo said it was considering introducing a law which would require 40 % of boardroom posts to be filled by women .
Norway 's previous government drew up the law , which it threatened to apply if companies failed voluntarily to meet minimum quotas by 1 July this year .
Only a fifth of Norway 's 590 publicly listed firms comply with the quotas .
" It 's not going fast enough , " said Karita Bekkemellem , Norway 's minister for family and children .
" I do n't want to wait 20 or 30 years until sufficiently intelligent men finally appoint women to the boardrooms . "
She added : " I wish to establish , from January 1 2006 , a system of sanctions which makes it possible to break up companies . "
Out of all proportion
For a woman to get in a man must get out - it is not difficult to find qualified women
Norwegian government
The cabinet of Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg is due to examine the gender equity law which , once applied , would give companies two years to comply before being threatened with break - up .
Critics condemned the proposed law , arguing it could force some companies to relocate outside Norway .
" The closure of a company is a punishment out of all proportion to the offence , " said Sigrun Vaageng , who heads Norway 's employers ' association .
" In theory , the government can break up a company because it is missing a single woman . "
But a spokeswoman for Ms Bekkemellem said introducing the law could be the only way to of ensuring equality in the boardroom .
" It is a question of power , " the spokeswoman said , insisting that several surveys had found that companies where both sexes were strongly represented on the board were more profitable .
" For a woman to get in a man must get out .
It is not difficult to find qualified women . "
