If Mr. Stevens loses his seat , the trial ’s implications could be felt on a broad political scale , helping Democrats in their drive to win enough seats in the Senate to give them a filibuster - proof majority of at least 60 votes .
Within an hour of the verdict ’s becoming public , Democrats in Senate races around the country immediately sought to make the conviction an issue for their opponents , demanding that those who had received money from Mr. Stevens , who was generous with contributions to his colleagues , return it .
If Mr. Stevens wins and insists on keeping his seat , his fate will be in the hands of his Senate colleagues .
A senator can be expelled only by a two - thirds vote of the entire Senate , so a conviction does not automatically cost a lawmaker his seat .
Since 1789 , only 15 senators have been expelled , most for supporting the Confederacy during the Civil War , the Senate Web site states .
In 1982 , the Senate Ethics Committee recommended that Senator Harrison A. Williams , Democrat of New Jersey , be expelled because of his conviction on bribery , conspiracy and conflict of interest charges in the Abscam scandal , and in 1995 the committee recommended the expulsion of Senator Robert W. Packwood , Republican of Oregon , for sexual misconduct .
Both men resigned before the full Senate could vote .
Should Mr. Stevens be expelled or resign on his own , the Alaska governor , Sarah Palin , would most likely have to call a special election to fill the vacancy , according to state legal officials .
Image Senator Ted Stevens left court in Washington after the guilty verdict .
Credit ... Hyungwon Kang / Reuters
Ms. Palin , the Republican nominee for vice president , issued a statement late Monday , saying she was “ confident that Senator Stevens will do what ’s right for the people of Alaska . ”
Governor Palin did not specify what that was .
She did ask that the verdict be respected , saying that it “ shines a light on the corrupting influence of the big oil service company that was allowed to control too much of our state .
It was part of the culture of corruption I was elected to fight .
And that fight must always move forward regardless of party or seniority or even past service . ”
Tog : A New Way To Social Network - ify Your Rails Apps
Tog is a new extensible open source social networking platform that you can add to your Rails apps developed by Keras Software Development .
It
Unlike the incumbent Community Engine , Tog is not a plugin - nor is it a stand alone application like Lovd By Less or Insoshi .
It 's a collection of many plugins and scripts that can " togify " your existing application - adding the social networking features straight in .
For example , the tog_social plugin adds basic social networking support such as profiles , groups , and " following . " tog_mail , on the other hand , adds internal messaging / mail folders .
Tog 's developers have done a good job putting together a cohesive official Web site , so it 's easy to learn more .
They also point to a number of existing sites that are using Tog in some capacity .
Tweet This Post
The RIAA has apparently had a change of heart towards a Texas woman accused of sharing music over KaZaA when she was 16 years old .
In Maverick v. Harper , the industry group has backed off its demand for a jury trial and has instead opted to accept a judge 's $ 7,400 damage award : $ 200 for each of 37 songs downloaded in whole or in part by the RIAA 's hired investigative gun , MediaSentry .
Whitney Harper admits to using KaZaA , but said that she had no idea that it was illegal to download and share music over P2P .
She cited a lack of warnings from the KaZaA software that the music contained on the popular network was " stolen or abused copyrighted material " and a general lack of understanding of copyright infringement , P2P applications , and P2P networks .
Judge Xavier Rodriguez ruled in September that , while Harper was guilty of copyright infringement , she was an " innocent infringer . "
So instead of having to pay up to $ 30,000 in damages for each of the 37 songs , Harper was directed to pay $ 200 — below the usual $ 750 lower limit for violations of the Copyright Act .
Initially , the RIAA resisted the judge 's ruling , opting instead for a trial on the amount of damages .
The RIAA has since altered its stance , filing a motion for entry of judgment and fighting Harper 's request that the trial go forward .
Harper makes " no cogent argument to demonstrate why Plaintiff 's Motion should not be granted , " argue the record labels .
" Instead , Defendant attempts to resurrect an issue that has no bearing on Plaintiffs ' motion and that has already been decided by the Court , twice . "
The issue referred to by the RIAA is whether simply making a file available over a P2P network is sufficient to constitute copyright infringement .
Judge Rodriguez had ruled previously in Maverick v. Harper that making available constituted infringement , notes the RIAA , and Harper 's attempts to get him to reconsider are " vexatious . "
What the RIAA fails to note is that the landscape has changed , not only since Maverick v. Harper was originally filed in 2007 , but in the weeks since the judge 's $ 200 - per- song award was made .
Just days after the RIAA rejected that award , a federal judge in Minnesota overturned the $ 222,000 verdict against Jammie Thomas , citing an incorrect jury instruction on the " making available " issue .
Harper 's attorneys included that opinion in their motion asking that the trial go ahead as planned .
While it would be appropriate in a " normal lawsuit " to stick with the $ 7,400 judgment , argue her attorneys , this case is anything but normal .
" [ I ] in this case we have this single case , one of tens of thousands of lawsuits filed as a part of a massive campaign to preserve a business model currently dominant in the music , " reads the motion .
" This Court is aware that this case is not about the actions of Whitney Harper , a young lady who was 14 to 16 years old at the time of alleged infringement .
It is instead about an 18 billion dollar industry that was once on a rising trend , now facing its comeuppance by rapidly evolving technology and eroding morals . "
An RIAA spokesperson declined to comment on why the group has reversed course and decided to accept the $ 7,400 judgment mere weeks after angling for a much higher number .
We suspect there are a couple of factors .
First is the making - available issue mentioned above .
It 's a bedrock of the group 's legal campaign against P2P users , and the RIAA is anxious to avoid having that eroded by yet another adverse ruling .
Another reason is bad PR .
That 's right — despite appearances , the RIAA does have concerns about its public image .
RIAA and record label executives are on record that the lawsuits are not meant to make money ; rather , they are meant to educate users and act as a deterrent .
We noted in our previous coverage of this case that rejecting the court 's award and pushing for what could be a six - figure damage award made the RIAA look hypocritical .
Should the judge deny the RIAA 's motion for entry of judgment , the trial would take place in mid-November .
The mural will be removed once the owner of the wall is established An artwork by street artist Banksy in central London will be removed to send a message to graffiti artists in the city , a council has decided .
Westminster City Council has ordered a 23 ft - high ( 7 m ) mural , entitled One Nation Under CCTV , to be removed from a building on Newman Street .
The artist 's sketches have sold for thousands of pounds at auctions .
But deputy leader of the council Robert Davis said keeping the mural would mean " condoning " graffiti .
The mural has the words " One Nation Under CCTV " stencilled above two painted people .
One appears to be a child in a red hooded top apparently painting the words , while a police officer holding a camera and a brown dog look on .
The mural is painted on the wall of a building shared by Royal Mail and another business .
Of course he is not going to fill in a form and apply for permission .
Notoriety is what makes Banksy exist
Rupert Maas , art critic
The council said the artist did not gain the necessary permission and , once it has established who owns the painted wall , the artwork will be removed by the owner .
Mr Davis , who is also chairman of the council 's planning sub committee , said : " I take the view that this is graffiti and if you condone this then what is the difference between this and all the other graffiti you see scrawled across the city ?
" If you condone this then you condone graffiti all over London . "
Mr Davis said the building 's owner had " every right " to sell or exhibit the Banksy graffiti - as long as it was removed from the wall .
" What we are against is people coming around without proper permission or consent and exhibiting their work without permission . "
' Vibrant and interesting '
Art critic Rupert Maas defended Banksy 's graffiti , saying it made the city " vibrant and interesting " .
" He is doing something that is quite valid , " Mr Maas said .
" Here he is making a point that we are increasingly governed by CCTV cameras .
I think it 's great - good for him . "
Mr Maas added : " Of course he is not going to fill in a form and apply for permission .
Notoriety is what makes Banksy exist . "
Banksy has created at least one other artwork in the borough , in an underpass in Marble Arch .
But that mural has not been removed as the whole area is being redeveloped , the council said .
" One option would be to remove it and sell it and invest that money into council services , " Mr Davis said .
On Thursday a Banksy oil canvas , entitled Tesco Value Tomato Soup , was sold for £ 117,600 by auction house Bonhams .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
News about GEWar and a depository for useless stuff that I find on the web .
It 's just like a Mini Mall !
Former CIA covert operations officer Valerie Plame Wilson is coming to Moravian College Oct. 29 to share the fallout she endured when senior White House and State Department officials revealed her secret status to the national media .
Plame 's name was published in 2003 , shortly after her husband , retired ambassador Joseph Wilson , challenged the Bush administration on its use of purported intelligence to justify the invasion of Iraq .
A Justice Department investigation exposed that Karl Rove ; I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby ; and Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage were involved in her outing .
Libby was indicted on charges of perjury , obstruction of justice and lying to federal investigators , and in March 2007 was found guilty on four of the five counts against him .
Plame Wilson will present the 25th annual Cohen lecture at Moravian .
Her talk , " Civility and Public Service , " will touch upon her book , " Fair Game : My Life as a Spy , My Betrayal by the White House , " and she will share her thoughts on what she considers abuse of public trust by the Bush administration .
The 8 p.m. lecture in Johnston
Hall is free , but advance tickets are required .
Tickets can be obtained online or by calling 610-625-7880 .
They can also be picked up at the information desk in the Haupert Union Building on Moravian 's Main Street campus .
The Cohen Arts and Lecture series was established in 1984 through the generosity of the late Bertha F. ( Berte ) Cohen ' 37 and the late Bernard L. Cohen , to express personal appreciation for their longtime association with the College and the Bethlehem community .
Their daughter , Moravian College Trustee Nancy Cohen Engels , has ensured the program endures .
Johnston Hall is located near the corner of Monocacy and Locust Streets .
Doors open at 7:30 p.m. , and seating is general admission .
For more information , call 610 861-1491 .
WASHINGTON --
After one spectacular failure , the $ 700 billion financial industry bailout found a second life Wednesday , winning lopsided passage in the Senate and gaining ground in the House , where Republicans opposition softened .
Senators loaded the economic rescue bill with tax breaks and other sweeteners before passing it by a wide margin , 74 - 25 , a month before the presidential and congressional elections .
In the House , leaders were working feverishly to convert enough opponents of the bill to push it through by Friday , just days after lawmakers there rejected an earlier version and sent markets plunging around the globe .
The measure did n't cause the same uproar in the Senate , where both parties ' presidential candidates , Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama , made rare appearances to cast " aye " votes .
In the final vote , 40 Democrats , 33 Republicans and independent Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut voted " yes . "
Nine Democrats , 15 Republicans and independent Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont voted " no . "
The rescue package lets the government spend billions of dollars to buy bad mortgage - related securities and other devalued assets held by troubled financial institutions .
If successful , advocates say , that would allow frozen credit to begin flowing again and prevent a deep recession .
Even as the Senate voted , House leaders were hunting for the 12 votes they would need to turn around Monday 's 228-205 defeat .
They were especially targeting the 133 Republicans who voted " no . "
Their opposition appeared to be easing after the Senate added $ 110 billion in tax breaks for businesses and the middle class , plus a provision to raise , from $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 , the cap on federal deposit insurance .
They were also cheering a decision Tuesday by the Securities and Exchange Commission to ease rules that force companies to devalue assets on their balance sheets to reflect the price they can get on the market .
There were worries , though , that the tax breaks would cause some conservative - leaning Democrats who voted for the rescue Monday to abandon it because it would swell the federal deficit .
" I 'm concerned about that , " said Rep. Steny Hoyer , D - Md. , the majority leader .
As revised by the Senate , the package extends several tax breaks popular with businesses .
It would keep the alternative minimum tax from hitting 20 million middle - income Americans and provide $ 8 billion in tax relief for those hit by natural disasters in the Midwest , Texas and Louisiana .
It does n't designate a way to pay for many of the tax cuts , though , angering the House 's band of conservative " Blue Dog " Democrats .
Leaders in both parties , as well as private economic chiefs everywhere , said Congress must quickly approve some version of the bailout measure to start loans flowing and stave off a potential national economic disaster .
" This is what we need to do right now to prevent the possibility of a crisis turning into a catastrophe , " Obama said on the Senate floor .
In Missouri , before flying to Washington to vote , McCain said , " If we fail to act , the gears of our economy will grind to a halt . "
Critics on the right and left assailed the rescue plan , which has been panned by their constituents as a giveaway for Wall Street , and has little obvious direct benefit for ordinary Americans .
Sen. Jim DeMint , R - S.C. , a leading conservative , said the step was " leading us into the pit of socialism . "
Sen . Bernie Sanders of Vermont , an independent who 's a self - described socialist , said the rescue was fundamentally unfair .
" The masters of the universe , those brilliant Wall Street insiders who have made more money than the average American can even dream of , have brought our financial system to the brink of collapse , " Sanders said , and are demanding that the middle class " pick up the pieces that they broke . "
Still , proponents argued that the financial sector 's woes were already being felt by ordinary people in the form of unaffordable credit and underperforming retirement savings and without the bailout would soon translate into even more economic pain for working Americans , including more job losses .
" There will be no balloons or bunting or parades , " when the rescue becomes law , said Sen.
Chris Dodd , D - Conn. , the Banking Committee chairman .
But lawmakers will have " the knowledge that at one of our nation 's moments of maximum economic peril , we acted -- not for the benefit of a particular few , but for all Americans . "
The Senate specializes in high - stakes legislating by enticement , and the long list of sweeteners it added was designed to attract votes from various constituencies .
Tax cuts new and old are favorites for most House Republicans , the main target of intense lobbying to gain support for the measure .
Help for rural schools was aimed mainly at lawmakers in the West , while disaster aid was a top priority for lawmakers from across the Midwest and South .
Another addition , to extend the deductibility of state and local taxes for people in states without income taxes , helps Florida and Texas , among others .
Increasing the deposit insurance cap was a bid to reassure individuals and small businesses that their money would be safe in the event their banks collapsed .
It was particularly geared toward small banks that fear customers will pull their money and park it in larger institutions seen as less likely to fold .
The FDIC would be allowed to borrow unlimited money from the Treasury Department through the end of next year as a way to cover the increased insurance limit .
If used , it would be the first time the agency has tapped Treasury for a loan since the early 1990s .
Raising the limit -- along with the SEC 's decision to ease accounting rules on valuing assets -- helped House Republicans claim credit for some substantive changes .
And with constituent feedback changing dramatically since Monday 's House defeat and the corresponding market plunge , lawmakers ' comfort level with the package increased markedly .
-- Associated Press
Missouri is one of the battleground states that does n’t have early voting .
This year , Missouri is a true toss - up .
Today , the Secretary of State , Robin Carnahan , released new voting information — and predicted turnout will be 76 % .
There are 340,000 new voters in the state — and a big chunk of them are young .
From Robin Carnahan ’s press release :
CHUTZPAH WATCH ….
During her gubernatorial campaign , which was just two years ago , Sarah Palin struck a defiant tone in defense of the Bridge to Nowhere : “ We need to come to the defense of Southeast Alaska when proposals are on the table like the bridge and not allow the spinmeisters to turn this project or any other into something that ’s so negative . ”
And yet , there was Palin today , once again , lying about the infamous pork project : “ You ’re going to hear a lot about the abusive practice of earmarks in Congress from our good senator here .
We championed , in Alaska , the reform of the old earmark process .
We told Congress , ‘ Thanks , but no thanks for that Bridge to Nowhere up in Alaska . ’
If our state wanted a bridge , we were going to build it ourselves . ”
Now , it ’s obvious she ’s lying .
She knows she ’s lying .
She knows that we know she ’s lying .
But she just does n’t give a damn .
At this point , it ’s bordering on pathological .
( According to one count , the McCain campaign has now repeated the lie 23 times . )
The Obama campaign ’s response was pretty clever :
“ On the same day that dozens of news organizations have exposed Governor Palin ’s phony Bridge to Nowhere claim as a ‘ naked lie , ’ she and John McCain continue to repeat the claim in their stump speeches .
Maybe tomorrow she ’ll tell us she sold it on eBay , ” said Obama campaign spokesman Tommy Vietor .
Regardless , it takes a certain amount of chutzpah to keep telling a lie after it ’s been exposed as an obvious distortion .
Indeed , over the last 24 hours , several major news outlets , including the AP , the Wall Street Journal , Newsweek , and the Washington Post , have all made it clear that Palin ’s claim is simply and plainly false .
So , why repeat a lie that ’s already been exposed ?
Who knows ?
The McCain campaign clearly does n’t respect voters very much .
McCain , Palin , & Co. also probably do n’t respect reporters , and assume that if they repeat the same lie over and over again , eventually the media will stop pointing it out .
The campaign also does n’t have much respect for Palin ’s record , or the team would point to her actual accomplishments , instead of obvious lies .
Whatever the motivation , the McCain campaign simply has a problem telling the truth .
With each passing the day , the disdain this gang shows for the democratic process becomes a little more breathtaking .
Advertisements
The campaign of Barack Obama unveiled a new ad today that sought to turn the celebrity charge leveled against him by John McCain on its ear .
The ad features shots of McCain on The View , Saturday Night Live , Leno , and Letterman , but the beneath the celebrity charge is a very clever ad that ties McCain to the politics of old .
Here is the Obama ad :
Many people might view this ad as nothing but a response to an attack , but there is a deeper message here .
Beyond the video of McCain on the talk shows , this is the script of what the voice over says , “ For decades , he ’s been Washington ’s biggest celebrity .
John McCain .
And as Washington embraced him , John McCain hugged right back .
The lobbyists – running his low road campaign .
The money – billions in tax breaks for oil and drug companies , but almost nothing for families like yours .
Lurching to the right , then the left , the old Washington dance , whatever it takes .
John McCain , a Washington celebrity playing the same old Washington games . ”
Advertisements
The Obama campaign has been able to take the most recent buzz word of the campaign , celebrity , and fuse it with their message that John McCain is a Washington insider .
The word Washington is used four times in the script , and McCain ’s name and Washington are used together at the beginning and end of the ad .
This is a very clever way to tie McCain to anti-Washington feelings that most voters have right now .
We got a preview of this ad yesterday , when Bill Richardson used the Washington ’s biggest celebrity line on ABC’s This Week .
I think it is fine for Obama to use the celebrity attack to try to advance his message that McCain is a Washington insider , but this whole celebrity debate itself is really nothing more than a distraction campaign to keep us from focusing on the real issues , and anything that keeps Obama from talking about the issues benefits McCain .
It was around 8 am this morning , John Heilemann reports , that Barack Obama first learned of the passing of his grandmother , a longtime guardian central in his upbringing .
The Democratic presidential nominee maintained his composure throughout the day , including during an enthusiastic speech in Jacksonville , Florida .
But he could not contain all outward signs of grief tonight at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte .
After a break in a rain storm , Obama delivered a speech that , in part , eulogized his grandmother .
It would be hard , in the attached video , to see that this remembrance moved the candidate to tears , but for some dabs of the cheek , so steady and familiar was the candidate 's rhythm as he spoke .
Here is how Heileman described the scene from nearer the stage :
He calls her a " quiet hero " — like a lot of quiet heroes in the crowd , in the country ...
As Obama says all this , his voice is mostly steady , but tears are streaming down his right cheek — the first public tears he has shed , as far as I know , in his time on the national stage .
When he finishes , he reaches inside his pocket , pulls out a white handkerchief , wipes his eyes , then carries on with his speech , returning a few times to the woman who shaped his character as much as anyone in the world .
On a different day , in a different year , such meditations on the emotional life of a politician might seem treacly .
Maybe to some they do , even now .
But in the context of a historic election , and of a candidate who has earned a reputation for being unflappable , it is hard not to be moved .
You might recall the term “ nuclear option ” from 2005 , back when the Republicans still controlled both houses of Congress ( not to mention the Executive and Judicial branches ) .
Even if you remember the name , do you remember what it was all about ?
Bush had successfully gotten over 95 % of his judicial nominees approved by the Senate ( who have the constitutional duty to review such appointments ) , but he was greedy .
He wanted the rest approved , but the Democrats were threatening to filibuster the remaining nominees .
As Senator Dick Durbin put it :
People across the country understand what it means to change the rules in the middle of the game , which is what the nuclear option would do .
It would eliminate the filibuster on judicial nominees , a tradition of the Senate that ’s been here for over 200 years .
…
He wants more power .
It ’s not just the power to govern .
It ’s the power to rule .
The “ nuclear option ” would require an “ up or down vote ” on judicial nominees .
So who was promoting the nuclear option ?
Here ’s Senator Jon Kyl ( the junior Senator from Arizona , where McCain is the senior Senator ) in an interview from June 2005 on PBS , defending the nuclear option :
For 214 years it has been the tradition of the Senate to approve judicial nominees by a majority vote .
Many of our judges and , for example , Clarence Thomas , people might recall , was approved by either fifty - one or fifty - two votes as I recall .
It has never been the rule that a candidate for judgeship that had majority support was denied the ability to be confirmed once before the Senate .
It has never happened before .
So we ’re not changing the rules in the middle of the game .
We ’re restoring the 214 - year tradition of the Senate because in the last two years Democrats have begun to use this filibuster .
In the end , the Republicans prevailed , not because they actually used the nuclear option , but because the threat of it caused the Democrats to back down .
Kyl even warned the Congressional Democrats after the 2004 election that “ voters will be watching for more cooperation and less confrontation when we gather again in January . ”
Now , fast forward to yesterday , just three days after the election of Barack Obama and the Republicans are already striking a confrontational pose .
Jon Kyl ( now the second - ranking Republican in the Senate ) , giving a speech at the conservative Federalist Society in Phoenix , warned president - elect Barack Obama that he would filibuster Supreme Court appointments if those nominees were too liberal .
Where is your 214 - year tradition now , Senator Kyl ?
The voters are still looking for more cooperation and less confrontation , but you ca n’t even wait for Obama to be sworn in before you draw your sword .
One has to wonder what he would do if the Democrats proposed Kyl ’s own solution — the “ nuclear option ” — in response to his threat of a judicial filibuster .
I would love to hear the dripping hypocrisy of what he would say against it .
US Journalists & War - Crime Guilt Editor ’s Note :
This year , the U.S. news media cheered the opening of the $ 450 million Newseum in Washington , a self - congratulatory celebration of American journalism .
However , rather than giving themselves that expensive pat on the back , the major U.S. media organizations might have done something to show remorse for their complicity in the Bush administration ’s propaganda that justified the invasion of Iraq .
As freelance journalist Peter Dyer notes , prosecutors at the Nuremberg Tribunals deemed such journalistic support for war crimes to be a capital offense : October 16 is an anniversary that should hold considerable interest for American journalists who have written in support of ” Operation Iraqi Freedom ” – the invasion and occupation of Iraq .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Sixty - two years ago , on Oct. 16 , 1946 , Julius Streicher was hanged .
Streicher was one of a group of 10 Germans executed that day following the judgment of the first Nuremberg Trial – a 40 - week trial of 22 of the most prominent Nazis .
Each was tried for two or more of the four crimes defined in the Nuremberg Charter : crimes against peace ( aggression ) , war crimes , crimes against humanity , and conspiracy .
All who were sentenced to death were major German government officials or military leaders .
Except for Streicher .
Julius Streicher was a journalist .
Editor of the vehemently anti-Semitic newspaper Der Stürmer , Streicher was convicted of , in the words of the judgment , “ incitement to murder and extermination at the time when Jews in the East were being killed under the most horrible conditions clearly constitut ( ing ) … a crime against humanity . ”
Presenting the case against Streicher , British prosecutor Lieutenant Colonel M.C. Griffith - Jones said : “ My Lord , it may be that this defendant is less directly involved in the physical commission of the crimes against Jews .
...
The submission of the Prosecution is that his crime is no less the worse … that he made these things possible – made these crimes possible which could never have happened had it not been for him and for those like him .
He led the propaganda and the education of the German people in those ways . ”
The critical role of propaganda was affirmed at Nuremberg not only by the prosecution and in the judgment but also in the testimony of the most prominent Nazi defendant , Reichsmarshall Hermann Goering :
“ Modern and total war develops , as I see it , along three lines : the war of weapons on land , at sea and in the air ; economic war , which has become an integral part of every modern war ; and , third , propaganda war , which is also an essential part of this warfare . ”
Two months after the Nuremberg hangings , the United Nations General Assembly passed Resolution 59 ( I ) , declaring : “ Freedom of information requires as an indispensable element the willingness and capacity to employ its privileges without abuse .
It requires as a basic discipline the moral obligation to seek the facts without prejudice and to spread knowledge without malicious intent . ”
The next year another General Assembly Resolution was adopted : Res. 110 which “ condemns all forms of propaganda , in whatsoever country conducted , which is either designed or likely to provoke or encourage any threat to the peace , breach of the peace , or act of aggression . ”
Although UN General Assembly Resolutions are not legally binding , Resolutions 59 and 110 carry considerable moral weight .
This is because , like the United Nations itself , they are an expression of the catastrophic brutality and suffering of two world wars and the universal desire to avoid future slaughter .
Propaganda Crimes
Most jurisdictions have yet to recognize propaganda for war as a crime .
However several journalists have recently been convicted of incitement to genocide by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda .
Because there is stiff resistance , especially from the United States , the effort to criminalize war propaganda faces an uphill battle .
However in legal terms it seems relatively straightforward : if incitement to genocide is a crime , then incitement to aggression , another Nuremberg crime , could and should be as well .
After all , aggression – starting an unprovoked war – is “ the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole , ” in the words of the judgment at Nuremberg .
Criminal or not , much of the world now sees incitement to war as morally indefensible .
In this light and in light of Goering ’s three - part recipe for war ( weapons , economic war and propaganda ) it is instructive to look at the role which American journalists and war propagandists have recently played in bringing about and sustaining war .
The Bush administration began to sell the invasion of Iraq to the American public soon after 9/11 .
In order to coordinate this effort President Bush ’s chief of staff , Andrew Card , established the White House Iraq Group ( WHIG ) in the summer of 2002 expressly for the purpose of marketing the invasion of Iraq .
Among the members of WHIG were media figures / propagandists Karen Hughes and Mary Matalin .
WHIG was remarkable not only for its recklessness with the truth but for the candor with which it acknowledged it was running an advertising campaign .
A Sept. 7 , 2002 , New York Times article entitled TRACES OF TERROR : THE STRATEGY ; Bush Aides Set Strategy to Sell Policy on Iraq reported :
“ White House officials said today that the administration was following a meticulously planned strategy to persuade the public , the Congress and the allies of the need to confront the threat from Saddam Hussein … . ''
‘ From a marketing point of view , ’ said Andrew H. Card Jr. , the White House chief of staff who is coordinating the effort , ‘ you do n't introduce new products in August . ’ ''
It was as if the “ product ” – the unprovoked invasion of a sovereign state – was a consumer good , like a car or a TV show .
The sales pitch was the manufactured “ imminent threat ” of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction .
In other words , the business of WHIG was incitement to aggressive war primarily through the propaganda of fear .
Along those lines WHIG ’s most prominent member , National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice , invoked the specter of an Iraqi - generated nuclear holocaust in a Sept. 8 , 2002 , CNN interview with Wolf Blitzer :
“ We do know that there have been shipments going into Iran , for instance – into Iraq , for instance , of aluminum tubes that really are only suited to – high - quality aluminum tools that are only really suited for nuclear weapons programs , centrifuge programs .
...
The problem here is that there will always be some uncertainty about how quickly he can acquire nuclear weapons .
But we do n't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud . ”
The smoking gun / mushroom cloud images were among the most memorable of all the White House war propaganda .
They were generated just a few days earlier in a WHIG meeting by speechwriter Michael Gerson .
The existence of Iraqi weapons of mass destruction was central to the Bush administration ’s campaign for war .
Other important elements were Saddam Hussein ’s ties with Al Qaeda and the strongly implied association of Iraq with the tragedies of 9/11 .
All were false .
In propaganda , though , selling the product trumps truth .
Unquestioning Submission
The role played by American mainstream media during the run-up to the invasion of Iraq was marked by widespread unquestioning submission to the Bush administration and abandonment of the most fundamental journalistic responsibility to the public .
This responsibility is embodied not only in Resolution 59 but in the Society of Professional Journalists Code of Ethics as well , which states : “ Journalists should test the accuracy of information from all sources and exercise care to avoid inadvertent error . ”
The failure of influential American journalists , such as the New York Times ’ Judith Miller , to test the accuracy of information played a critical role in the Bush administration ’s successful effort to incite the American public to attack a country which was not threatening us .
Though she was far from alone in selling the case for war , Miller -- through her seemingly uncritical reliance on dodgy informants -- was probably responsible to a larger degree than any other American journalist for spreading the fear of nonexistent Iraqi weapons of mass destruction .
As such she and other influential journalists who failed in this way bear a share of moral , if not legal , responsibility for hundreds of thousands of deaths , millions of refugees and all the other carnage , devastation and human suffering of “ Operation Iraqi Freedom . ”
Some prominent American media figures , however , went considerably further than simple failure to check sources .
Some actively and passionately encouraged Americans to commit and / or approve of war crimes , before and during Operation Iraqi Freedom .
Prominent among these was Fox News ’ Bill O’Reilly who – regarding both Afghanistan and Iraq – advocated such crimes forbidden by the Geneva Convention as collective punishment of civilians ( Gen. Con. IV , Art. 33 ) ; attacking civilian targets ( Protocol I , Art. 51 ) ; destroying water supplies ( Protocol I Art. 54 Sec. 2 ) and even starvation ( Protocol I , Art. 54 Sec. 1 ) .
Sept. 17 , 2001 : " The U.S. should bomb the Afghan infrastructure to rubble : the airport , the power plants , their water facilities , and the roads " in the event of a refusal to hand over Osama bin Laden to the U.S .
Later , he added : “ This is a very primitive country .
And taking out their ability to exist day to day will not be hard .
…
We should not target civilians .
But if they do n't rise up against this criminal government , they starve , period . ”
On March 26 , 2003 , a few days after the invasion of Iraq began , O’Reilly said : “ There is a school of thought that says we should have given the citizens of Baghdad 48 hours to get out of Dodge by dropping leaflets and going with the AM radios and all that .
Forty - eight hours , you 've got to get out of there , and flatten the place . ”
[ See Peter Hart 's “ O' Reilly 's War : Any rationale — or none — will do ” Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting , May / June 2003 ]
Collective Punishment Another tremendously influential journalist , Pulitzer Prize winner and former executive editor of the New York Times , the late A.M. Rosenthal , also advocated attacking civilian targets and collective punishment in regard to waging war against Muslim nations in the Middle East .
In a Sept. 14 , 2001 , column , “ How the U.S. Can Win the War ” , Rosenthal wrote that the U.S. should give Afghanistan , Iraq , Iran , Libya , Syria and Sudan three days to consider an ultimatum demanding they turn over documents and information related to weapons of mass destruction and terrorist organizations .
During these three days , “ the residents of the countries would be urged 24 hours a day by the U.S. to flee the capital and major cities , because they would be bombed to the ground beginning the fourth day . "
Right - wing media figure Ann Coulter , on the Sean Hannity Show on July 21 , 2006 , called for another war and more punishment of civilians , this time in Iran : ” Well , I keep hearing people say we can't find the nuclear material , and you can bury it in caves .
How about we just , you know , carpet - bomb them so they can't build a transistor radio ?
And then it does n't matter if they have the nuclear material . ”
This pattern of the major U.S. news figures advocating aggressive wars even predated 9/11 .
Three - time Pulitzer Prize winner Thomas Friedman published a strident call for war crimes including collective punishment of Serbs and the destruction of their water supplies over the Kosovo crisis :
“ But if NATO 's only strength is that it can bomb forever , then it has to get every ounce out of that .
Let 's at least have a real air war .
The idea that people are still holding rock concerts in Belgrade , or going out for Sunday merry - go - round rides , while their fellow Serbs are ‘ cleansing ’ Kosovo , is outrageous .
It should be lights out in Belgrade : every power grid , water pipe , bridge , road and war - related factory has to be targeted .
" Like it or not , we are at war with the Serbian nation ( the Serbs certainly think so ) , and the stakes have to be very clear :
Every week you ravage Kosovo is another decade we will set your country back by pulverizing you .
You want 1950 ?
We can do 1950 .
You want 1389 ?
We can do 1389 too . ” [ New York Times , April 23 , 1999 ]
These casual -- even joking -- comments about inflicting war on relatively weak countries came from American journalists and media figures at the very top of their profession .
Each was addressing an audience of millions .
It is difficult to overstate their influence .
Over the past decade alone , the massive destruction and carnage wreaked by American pursuit of “ the supreme international crime ” of aggression has been enabled by negligent , reckless and / or malicious use of this influence .
Sadly , the words of Nuremberg Prosecutor Griffith - Jones concerning the propaganda of German journalist Julius Streicher hold considerable meaning today for some of the most prominent journalists in the country which , 60 years ago , provided the guiding light at Nuremberg : Streicher “ made these things possible – made these crimes possible which could never have happened had it not been for him and for those like him . ”
In 1947 , the United Nations General Assembly passed Resolution 127 in which “ the General Assembly … invites the Governments of States Members … to study such measures as might with advantage , be taken on the national plane to combat , within the limits of constitutional procedures , the diffusion of false or distorted reports likely to injure friendly relations between States . ”
Unfortunately , 60 years later , little progress has been made .
War propaganda is still legal and very much alive – flourishing , in fact , as demonstrated by periodic calls for one more invasion of a country which has never threatened the U.S. : Iran .
As matters stand today , with the United States still the world 's preeminent military power , the American propagandists who enabled Operation Iraqi Freedom and other wars of aggression have little need to worry about their legal responsibilities under the Nuremberg principles .
A strong case can be made , though , that they have blood on their hands .
Peter Dyer is a freelance journalist who moved with his wife from California to New Zealand in 2004 .
He can be reached at p.dyer@inspire.net.nz .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Stephen Pelc is managing director of MicroProcessor Engineering Ltd .
He can be contacted at www.mpeforth.com
Engineering is the art of making what you want from things you can get .
-- Jerry Avins
I am a design chauvinist .
I believe that good design is magical and not to be lightly tinkered with .
The difference between a great design and a lousy one is in the meshing of the thousand details that either fit or do n't , and the spirit of the passionate intellect that has tied them together , or tried .
That 's why programming ( or buying software ) on the basis of " lists of features " is a doomed and misguided effort .
The features can be thrown together , as in a garbage can , or carefully laid together and interwoven in elegant unification , as in APL , or the Forth language , or the game of chess .
-- Ted Nelson
We know about as much about software quality problems as they knew about the Black Plague in the 1600s .
We 've seen the victims ' agonies and helped burn the corpses .
We do n't know what causes it ; we do n't really know if there is only one disease .
We just suffer -- and keep pouring our sewage into our water supply .
-- Tom Van Vleck
There is increasing realisation that there are no magic bullets for software development .
Interactive languages returned to fashion in the web developer world , which also saw a return to multi-language programming -- use each language for what it 's good at .
I 'm going to look at one of these interactive languages , Forth , and show what people are doing with it , and why it 's a powerful tool .
Modern Forth systems are not like their ancestors .
The introduction of the ANS / ISO Forth standard in 1994 separated implementation from the language .
One result was a proliferation of native - code compiling systems that preserved the traditional Forth interactivity while providing the performance of batch - compiled languages .
It is the combination of performance and interactivity that makes modern Forth systems so attractive .
What is Forth ?
Forth is a member of the class of interactive extensible languages .
Interactive means that you can type a command at any time and it will be executed .
Extensible means that there 's no difference between functions , procedures and subroutines ( called " words " in Forth parlance ) that you defined and the ones that the system provides .
Forth is an untyped language whose primary data item is a cell .
A cell is the size of an item on the stacks , normally 16 , 32 , or 64 bits .
Underlying all languages , there 's an execution model or virtual machine ( VM ) .
C and the other languages have one and so does Forth .
Forth is rare among languages in exposing the VM to the programmer .
The VM consists of a CPU , two stacks , and main memory ; see Figure 1 .
The stacks are conceptually not part of main memory .
When I refer to " the stack " I mean the data stack .
[ Click image to view at full size ]
The two stacks are called the data stack and the return stack .
The data stack holds arguments to words , return values , and transient data .
The return stack holds return addresses and can also be used for temporary storage .
There are several consequences of having two stacks , the most important of which are :
return addresses do not get in the way of the data stack , so words can return any number of results .
Items on the stack do not have names -- they are anonymous .
Because items on the stack are anonymous , you sometimes have indulge in stack juggling using words like DUP and SWAP to manipulate the stack .
In the spirit of the marketing principle " advertise your worst feature " , the anonymous stack leads , in part , to Forth 's well - deserved reputation for small applications .
Because stack juggling requires thought , you improve productivity by reducing thought .
Many small words reduce the thought required by splitting the job into manageable chunks .
A side effect of this is that you reuse code at a much finer grain in Forth culture than in most others .
The ease of code reuse at this level leads to small applications .
Factoring at this level means that access to many performance - critcal routines is through small well - defined interfaces .
A consequence is that you can make major changes easily .
For example , an embedded system can move from EEPROM data storage to a file system very quickly .
Forth is a very agile language .
For those who are unfamiliar with Forth , the Forth text interpreter is a little odd .
It deals with whitespace delimited tokens .
These tokens are looked up in a dictionary .
If found they are either executed or compiled .
If a token is not found , its is considered to be a number .
If number conversion fails , an error occurs .
That 's all !
A consequence of this is that a valid Forth word name can contain any non-whitespace characters .
Because there 's a lot of interactive testing , many commonly used words are short .
The common strange - looking ones are @ ( fetch ) , ! ( store ) and .
( integer print ) .
The collection of word names is called the " dictionary , " which can be split into vocabularies ( namespaces ) .
For more about the Forth interpreter , see JForth : Implementing Forth in Java by Craig A. Lindley .
Some modern Forth implementations include :
I do n't have the space to teach you Forth , and I 've referenced a few tutorials at the end of this article .
I have also referenced a few modern Forths that can be freely downloaded .
How AIG 's Collapse Began a Global Run on the Banks By Porter Stansberry
Oct 7 2008 10:55 AM www.dailywealth.com
Something very strange is happening in the financial markets .
And I can show you what it is and what it means ...
If September did n't give you enough to worry about , consider what will happen to real estate prices as unemployment grows steadily over the next several months .
As bad as things are now , they 'll get much worse .
They 'll get worse for the obvious reason : because more people will default on their mortgages .
But they 'll also remain depressed for far longer than anyone expects , for a reason most people will never understand .
What follows is one of the real secrets to September 's stock market collapse .
Once you understand what really happened last month , the events to come will be much clearer to you ...
Every great bull market has similar characteristics .
The speculation must – at the beginning – start with a reasonably good idea .
Using long - term mortgages to pay for homes is a good idea , with a few important caveats .
Some of these limitations are obvious to any intelligent observer ... like the need for a substantial down payment , the verification of income , an independent appraisal , etc .
But human nature dictates that , given enough time and the right incentives , any endeavor will be corrupted .
This is one of the two critical elements of a bubble .
What was once a good idea becomes a farce .
You already know all the stories of how this happened in the housing market , where loans were eventually given without fixed rates , without income verification , without down payments , and without legitimate appraisals .
As bad as these practices were , they would not have created a global financial panic without the second , more critical element .
For things to get really out of control , the farce must evolve further ... into fraud .
And this is where AIG comes into the story .
Around the world , banks must comply with what are known as Basel II regulations .
These regulations determine how much capital a bank must maintain in reserve .
The rules are based on the quality of the bank 's loan book .
The riskier the loans a bank owns , the more capital it must keep in reserve .
Bank managers naturally seek to employ as much leverage as they can , especially when interest rates are low , to maximize profits .
AIG appeared to offer banks a way to get around the Basel rules , via unregulated insurance contracts , known as credit default swaps .
Here 's how it worked : Say you 're a major European bank ...
You have a surplus of deposits , because in Europe people actually still bother to save money .
You 're looking for something to maximize the spread between what you must pay for deposits and what you 're able to earn lending .
You want it to be safe and reliable , but also pay the highest possible annual interest .
You know you could buy a portfolio of high - yielding subprime mortgages .
But doing so will limit the amount of leverage you can employ , which will limit returns .
So rather than rule out having any high - yielding securities in your portfolio , you simply call up the friendly AIG broker you met at a conference in London last year .
" What would it cost me to insure this subprime security ? " you inquire .
The broker , who is selling a five - year policy ( but who will be paid a bonus annually ) , says , " Not too much . "
After all , the historical loss rates on American mortgages is close to zilch .
Using incredibly sophisticated computer models , he agrees to guarantee the subprime security you 're buying against default for five years for say , 2 % of face value .
Although AIG 's credit default swaps were really insurance contracts , they were n't regulated .
That meant AIG did n't have to put up any capital as collateral on its swaps , as long as it maintained a triple - A credit rating .
There was no real capital cost to selling these swaps ; there was no limit .
And thanks to what 's called " mark - to - market " accounting , AIG could book the profit from a five - year credit default swap as soon as the contract was sold , based on the expected default rate .
Whatever the computer said AIG was likely to make on the deal , the accountants would write down as actual profit .
The broker who sold the swap would be paid a bonus at the end of the first year – long before the actual profit on the contract was made .
With this structure in place , the European bank was able to assure its regulators it was holding only triple - A credits , instead of a bunch of subprime " toxic waste . "
The bank could leverage itself to the full extent allowable under Basel II .
AIG could book hundreds of millions in " profit " each year , without having to pony up billions in collateral .
It was a fraud .
AIG never any capital to back up the insurance it sold .
And the profits it booked never materialized .
The default rate on mortgage securities underwritten in 2005 , 2006 , and 2007 turned out to be multiples higher than expected .
And they continue to increase .
In some cases , the securities the banks claimed were triple A have ended up being worth less than $ 0.15 on the dollar .
Even so , it all worked for years .
Banks leveraged deposits to the hilt .
Wall Street packaged and sold dumb mortgages as securities .
And AIG sold credit default swaps without bothering to collateralize the risk .
An enormous amount of capital was created out of thin air and tossed into global real estate markets .
On September 15 , all of the major credit - rating agencies downgraded AIG – the world 's largest insurance company .
At issue were the soaring losses in its credit default swaps .
The first big writeoff came in the fourth quarter of 2007 , when AIG reported an $ 11 billion charge .
It was able to raise capital once , to repair the damage .
But the losses kept growing .
The moment the downgrade came , AIG was forced to come up with tens of billions of additional collateral , immediately .
This was on top of the billions it owed to its trading partners .
It did n't have the money .
The world 's largest insurance company was bankrupt .
The dominoes fell over immediately .
Lehman Brothers failed on the same day .
Merrill was sold to Bank of America .
The Fed stepped in and agreed to lend AIG $ 85 billion to facilitate an orderly sell off of its assets in exchange for essentially all the company 's equity .
Most people never understood how AIG was the linchpin to the entire system .
And there 's one more secret yet to come out ...
AIG 's largest trading partner was n't a nameless European bank .
It was Goldman Sachs .
I 'd wondered for years how Goldman avoided the kind of huge mortgage - related writedowns that plagued all the other investment banks .
And now we know : Goldman hedged its exposure via credit default swaps with AIG .
Sources inside Goldman say the company 's exposure to AIG exceeded $ 20 billion , meaning the moment AIG was downgraded , Goldman had to begin marking down the value of its assets .
And the moment AIG went bankrupt , Goldman lost $ 20 billion .
Goldman immediately sought out Warren Buffett to raise $ 5 billion of additional capital , which also helped it raise another $ 5 billion via a public offering .
The collapse of the credit default swap market also meant the investment banks – all of them – had no way to borrow money , because no one would insure their obligations .
To fund their daily operations , they 've become totally reliant on the Federal Reserve , which has allowed them to formally become commercial banks .
To date , banks , insurance firms , and investment banks have borrowed $ 348 billion from the Federal Reserve – nearly all of this lending took place following AIG 's failure .
Things are so bad at the investment banks , the Fed had to change the rules to allow Merrill , Morgan Stanley , and Goldman the ability to use equities as collateral for these loans , an unprecedented step .
The mainstream press has n't reported this either :
A provision in the $ 700 billion bailout bill permits the Fed to pay interest on the collateral it's holding , which is simply a way to funnel taxpayer dollars directly into the investment banks .
Why do you need to know all of these details ?
First , you must understand that without the government 's actions , the collapse of AIG could have caused every major bank in the world to fail .
Second , without the credit default swap market , there 's no way banks can report the true state of their assets – they 'd all be in default of Basel II .
That 's why the government will push through a measure that requires the suspension of mark - to - market accounting .
Essentially , banks will be allowed to pretend they have far higher - quality loans than they actually do .
AIG can't cover for them anymore .
And third , and most importantly , without the huge fraud perpetrated by AIG , the mortgage bubble could have never grown as large as it did .
Yes , other factors contributed , like the role of Fannie and Freddie in particular .
But the key to enabling the huge global growth in credit during the last decade can be tied directly to AIG 's sale of credit default swaps without collateral .
That was the barn door .
And it was left open for nearly a decade .
There 's no way to replace this massive credit - building machine , which makes me very skeptical of the government 's bailout plan .
Quite simply , we can't replace the credit that existed in the world before September 15 because it did n't deserve to be there in the first place .
While the government can , and certainly will , paper over the gaping holes left by this enormous credit collapse , it can't actually replace the trust and credit that existed ... because it was a fraud .
And that leads me to believe the coming economic contraction will be longer and deeper than most people understand .
You might find this strange ... but this is great news for those who understand what 's going on .
Knowing why the economy is shrinking and knowing it's not going to rebound quickly gives you a huge advantage over most investors , who do n't understand what 's happening and can't plan to take advantage of it .
How can you take advantage ?
First , make sure you have a substantial portion of your net worth ( at least 10 % ) in precious metals .
I prefer gold bullion .
The gigantic liabilities the world governments will vastly decrease the value of paper currencies .
Buy bullion and keep it somewhere safe .
Second , I can tell you we 're either at or approaching a moment of maximum pessimism in the markets .
These kinds of panics give you the chance to buy world - class businesses incredibly cheaply .
Third , if you 're comfortable short selling stocks ( betting they 'll fall in price ) , now is the time to be doing it … simply as a hedge against further declines .
Keep the fraud of AIG in mind when you form your investment plan for the coming years .
By following these three strategies , you 'll survive and prosper while most investors sit back and wonder what the hell is going on .
Good investing , Porter Stansberry **** P.S. Readers can receive full access to our DailyWealth report , The Three Best Gold Investments Right Now .
In this report , you 'll learn the real drivers of the gold price , why gold has a place in every portfolio , and the best ways to own gold right now .
To access it free of charge , click here .
Scientists from the Universities of Bath and Exeter have developed a rapid new way of checking for toxic genes in disease - causing bacteria which infect insects and humans .
Their findings could in the future lead to new vaccines and anti-bacterial drugs .
They studied a bacterium called Photorhabdus asymbiotica , which normally infects and kills insects , but which can also cause an unpleasant infection in humans .
By testing groups of genes from the bacteria against three types of invertebrates ( insects , worms and amoebae ) and mammalian cells , the scientists were able to identify toxins and other molecules , called virulence factors , made by the bacteria that allow it to infect each type of organism .
Dr Nick Waterfield and Dr Maria Sanchez - Contreras are investigating bacteria that infect the Tobacco Hawk Moth caterpillar .
By pinning down the genes responsible for each of these possible virulence factors and comparing them with the genes of well known bacteria , the scientists have been able to map out which regions of the bacteria ’s DNA control its ability to infect and damage invertebrates , and also potentially humans .
Dr Nick Waterfield from the University of Bath ’s Department of Biology & Biochemistry said : “ Many bacteria have evolved to infect one particular type of plant or animal and most of the toxins they use to do this also have an effect in other hosts .
“ Some of the toxins they use for infecting can also allow the bacteria to jump across into another species like humans , perhaps with fatal consequences . ”
Dr Maria Sanchez - Contreras , who works with Dr Waterfield at the University of Bath said : “ We have developed a new way of discovering a greater number of previously unknown toxins and measuring how dangerous or virulent these bacteria are .
Identifying the genes responsible for the production and secretion of these bacterial toxins will allow us find ways to prevent disease .
“ Our new technique , called Rapid Virulence Annotation ( RVA ) , allows us to make faster assessments of the disease - causing agents in multiple types of organism ; it lets us pinpoint sequences of genes which may pose a risk to humans ; and it gives us a powerful tool to identify virulence genes in other known bacteria .
“ Finally , it helps us identify new targets for drugs to fight these diseases and control pests , and for developing preventive vaccines . ”
Richard ffrench - Constant , Professor of insect microbiology from the University of Exeter ’s Cornwall Campus adds : “ RVA allows us to look for virulence factors that are totally novel and does not rely upon traditional searches based on factors already known from other bacteria .
We have already discovered that some totally unexpected genes are indeed involved in bacterial virulence .
This technique should prove to be a gold mine for potential vaccine candidates . ”
The scientists are already using this relatively cheap and highly accurate RVA technique in other disease - causing bacteria to identify the genes which allow some diseases to jump the species barrier .
Article : Waterfield NR , Sanchez - Contreras M , Eleftherianos I , Dowling A , Wilkinson P , Parkhill J , Thomson N , Reynolds SE , Bode HB , Dorus S , Ffrench - Constant RH , Rapid Virulence Annotation ( RVA ) : Identification of virulence factors using a bacterial genome library and multiple invertebrate hosts , doi : 10.1073/pnas.0711114105
MPs had tried to get Kuwait 's exchange closed to save investments Shares on the main Arab stock markets have fallen sharply amid concern the financial crisis in the US and Europe is spreading to the Middle East .
Egypt 's main index dropped by more than 16 % , while shares in Saudi Arabia lost about 8 % cent of their value .
Both markets have dropped by more than 40 % since the beginning of 2008 .
Analysts spoke of panic in markets , with investors concerned about the future for banks , and companies exposed to a faltering property market .
While billions of dollars were wiped off share values in the Arab world , the Israeli stock exchange rose sharply after the central bank cut interest rates .
The Saudi stock market , the Arab world 's largest , has now lost more than 40 % of its value this year .
The Cairo and Alexandria Stock Exchange ( CASE ) temporarily halted trading after shares of several major companies plummeted below a threshold of 10 % , the official Mena news Agency reported .
" It is a catastrophe .
It is clear that we will remain volatile and unpredictable as long as global markets remain impacted by the financial turmoil , " said Saudi economist Abdulwahab Abu - Dahesh in remarks quoted by AFP news agency .
Downward pressure Reports say Gulf stock markets have shed about $ 150bn of their capitalisation in the past three days , standing at about $ 800bn at the end of trading on Tuesday .
Saudi Arabia 's benchmark Tadawul All Shares Index continued to trade at a four - year low , dropping 472 points to 6253 , after its 732 - point fall on Monday .
Dubai's DFM
Index fell by more than 5 % to close at 3,369 points .
The Kuwait Stock Exchange closed down more than 2.5 % after losing 3.5 % on Monday .
Saudi analysts said the downward pressure was driven by a combination of general nervousness and a drop in profits reported by some banks affected by the global sub - prime mortgage crisis .
The Kuwaiti government reportedly rejected calls by lawmakers to intervene in the market to prevent more losses .
The market has fallen nearly 10 % since the end of the Eid holiday last week , despite the government supporting local banks with liquidity problems through an injection of tens of millions of dollars .
Meanwhile Israel 's TA - 25 index rose by nearly 4 % after the Bank of Israel announced a 0.5 - point cut in its base rate to 3.75 % .
Its tech stock index performed even better with a rise of 6.75 % .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
One of the longest - sought , most keenly anticipated high - tech weapons of the past century - namely , the dreaded circuitry - frying electromagnetic pulse bomb - seems to have had its schedule moved forward .
The electromagnetic pulse ( EMP , aka High Power Microwave or HPM ) weapon has long been theorised upon , ever since it was found that a nuclear explosion would produce such effects at the tail end of World War II .
People have speculated ever since that one might use EMP strikes - produced either by high - airbursting nukes , or perhaps by conventional explosives - pumped systems of some kind - for offensive purposes .
The EMP / HPM effect would be mainly useful for attacking electrical systems , though like any non- or less - lethal weapons technology it has acquired the reputation ( among the ignorant , anyway ) of being almost more dangerous to humans than an ordinary bomb would be .
But so far the only reliable way to produce a decent EMP has been to set off a nuke , and the game has n't been seen as worth the atomic candle .
The US military , seeking ways to addle enemy air defences and communications , has repeatedly tried to develop conventional EMP / HPM warheads powered by chemical explosives , but thus far without much luck .
Hints in a presentation given by a US air force official last year suggested that the American forces did n't see a viable pulse bomb coming into production any sooner than 2012 , perhaps once some basic research had been carried out .
Now , however , another presentation by the US general in charge of the Air Armament Center has suggested that an HPM weapon " packaged in inventory munitions mold line " - ie , it is a bomb - is already at the stage of " industry technology assessment " and a technology demonstrator could be built next year .
( Here , in pdf - page 30 . )
The presentation was flagged up by Flight International reporter Stephen Trimble at his DEW Line blog .
Of course , the US forces have thought they would have a working pulse bomb within a year or two for the last couple of decades at least , so there may not be any immediate need to start wrapping all your kit in tinfoil Faraday cages just yet .
But this shorter timescale does seem to make some sense out of the Pentagon 's ongoing efforts to harden military radars and so on - which , if they 're to work , ca n't be kept inside Faraday shielding - against pulse strikes .
There are those in the state of Maryland who are n't waiting for the US military to crack the problems , though .
" A rogue state or terrorist organization could easily acquire nuclear material for a smaller weapon for $ 20 m , " says Charles Manto , president of Instant Access Networks corp .
" That weapon could be fitted onto a Scud missile for as little as $ 100,000 , fired and detonated 80 miles into the air and affect the entire US east coast , " he adds .
Manto has just scored some state funding to prep the Maryland power grid for the inevitable terrorist Scud nuke pulse strike .
He reckons to do this using " patent - pending shielding technology that encloses a room or similar structure and protects it from EMP events ... [ the ] shielding , which includes layers of steel and aluminum , is up to 70 per cent lighter than materials traditionally used ...
This enables EMP - safe rooms to be portable . "
In addition to the portable tinfoil rooms , the plan is to establish pulse - proof " microgrids " powered by renewable energy sources such as windmills .
" A residential - scale wind turbine " will be pulse - hardened and used to start with , apparently .
( That is , a rooftop windmill of the type which is about as much use as a chocolate teapot ) .
We can't help feeling that the microgrid / tin - room / rooftop - windmill plan does n't go far enough .
Surely some kind of wearable rig would also be in order , featuring the traditional pulse - proof hat coupled with an on - head wind turbine providing reliable power for one 's personal electronics . ®
Congratulations to the nine finalists of the Mashable Showdown on VenCorps :
* Avenda * Bizak * Buybak * Change Round - Up * Commuto * molv * SocialVoter * Stream To Me * StyleHop
Over the next 30 days each startup will answer common questions VCs ask , share detailed biographies of their teams , make slide presentations , perform due diligence calls and get rated by expert judges .
This will be an exciting journey as the community learns more about each startup , and uses their points to pick their choices .
The startup with the most community support wins a $ 50,000 investment and 50,000 points .
Good luck to everyone !
A broad , transpartisan group of online activists have released a letter to the McCain and Obama campaigns , calling on the candidates to hew to " open debate " principles when they face off in the coming weeks .
The coalition is asking the campaigns to agree to insist on placing all video of presidential debates in the public domain , and to allow the questions at " town hall " debates to be selected — not just posed — by Internet users .
The letter 's signatories are a disparate group seldom found agreeing on much .
They include Lawrence Lessig , Glenn " Instapundit " Reynolds , Craig Newmark ( of the eponymous List ) , Arianna Huffington ( of the eponymous Post ) , RedState cofounder Mike Krempasky , Wikipedia 's Jimmy Wales , MoveOn executive director Eli Parisier , and former Bush / Cheney eCampaign director Patrick Ruffini .
While many networks have already permitted their debate footage to be freely ripped , mixed , and burned , Fox News and MSNBC caught flack from both flanks during the primaries when it sought to prevent its footage from being posted online .
The letter therefore asks the candidates to insist that any video of the debates be released into the public domain .
Somewhat more radically , the signatories are asking the candidates and networks to let Internet users vote on which questions should be posed , with moderators choosing a sampling from the top 25 .
The YouTube debate during the primaries was a good start , the letter argues , but " put too much discretion in the hands of gatekeepers . "
The result was a series of questions that were often " gimmicky and not hard - hitting enough " — think talking snowman — which " never would have bubbled up on their own . "
The letter does n't specify precisely how the seleciton process would work , but a source with the coalition suggested that the site 10 Questions , as well as a similar one recently debuted by Google , might serve as models .
Neither campaign had responded to a request for comment on the proposal as of press time .
Jack Black To Star
In ‘ Gulliver ’s Travels ’
Jack Black is set to star as the title character in a contemporary version of Gulliver ’s Travels for Twentieth Century Fox .
The original book by Jonathan Swift consists of 4 parts and follows Lemuel Gulliver , the first part of which ( and most known / used ) sees Gulliver end up in Lilliput , where to his surprise , he finds an island populated by people who are only 6 inches tall .
Shark Tale director Rob Letterman ( who also helmed the upcoming animated DreamWorks feature , Monsters vs. Aliens with Conrad Vernon ) has signed on to handle the directorial duties for this big - screen reimagining of Gulliver ’s Travels with Forgetting Sarah Marshall director Nicholas Stoller and Joe Stillman ( Shrek ) writing the script .
Shooting for the film begins in March 2009 .
The Spanish government said that it was setting up a fund of up to € 50bn ( £ 39 bn ) to buy distressed bank assets .
It is the first move by an EU state to copy the sort of radical measures being taken in the US , and reflects the severe difficulties now engulfing Spain ’s regional lenders as the property crash gathers speed .
Guest Blogged by John Gideon of VotersUnite.org
Tea -leaves from The Murfreesboro Post in Tennessee ...
But this election is different .
The six early voting sites across the county have experienced lines with 3,292 early ballots cast Wednesday and another 1,126 cast today by noon .
Some voters have complained of long lines in Smyrna and La Verge .
Bill Butler a blogger out of Nashville ( bill.butler.net ) wrote he waited two hours to vote on the first day of voting .
" I would much rather our poll workers be accurate than speed up the line because some people are waiting , " [ Elections administrator Hooper ] Penuel said .
Butler said the hold up was caused by slow computers to validate the voter 's registration and that it only took a few minutes to actually vote .
" Most depressing was watching only two of the five voting machines in use because of the slow registration validation process , " Bulter wrote .
Zimbra , the Web - based e-mail and collaboration application , has given educational institutions access to its Zimbra Collaboration Suite software .
Institutions will be able to choose whether they want on - site hosting , Zimbra 's hosting , or hosting through Zimbra 's local partners , depending on their needs .
Those who choose Zimbra 's hosting solution will enjoy the benefits of Yahoo's ( Zimbra 's owner ) infrastructure which should mean 99.9 % uptime , 24/7 support , and disaster recovery .
The fact that it 's all hosted in the cloud means that schools and colleges who choose this option wo n't have to worry about upgrading the software , hardware , or even maintenance .
Satish Dharmaraj , Zimbra co-founder and Yahoo !
vice president , puts it this way : “ Zimbra is now the only open collaboration solution on the market that is built from the ground up to offer both on - site and hosted options .
With the new Zimbra Hosted , we have removed the challenge of managing thousands of mailboxes and encouraged schools to rebrand Zimbra as their own , creating a communications portal that connects all key audiences . ”
As far as features go , Zimbra offers a scheduling calendar with RSS and Atom support , offline access via Zimbra Desktop , data privacy and protection , and integration with third party data via Zimlets , which are essentially widgets for Zimbra 's products .
Furthermore , there 's mobile access on a variety of handsets ( iPhone included ) , branding the collaboration suite with your own logo and color scheme , and special packages which include enterprise - grade features such as synchronization with Outlook , Apple products or BlackBerries .
Prices for all this vary depending on the product version and the number of mailboxes , though educational institutions will get substantial discounts .
So in 1804 work began on Fort Phillip .
To stand on what was then Windmill Hill , the township 's highest point , it would be in the shape of a hexagon , with stone walls several metres thick .
However , in 1806 , with only three of the six walls finished , all work stopped .
Two centuries later archaeologists have started digging on the site , now inside the grounds of Sydney Observatory , to learn more about the abandoned project and the concerns of the colonial rulers .
When it came to the Irish , said Caitlin Allen , an archaeologist from the Government Architect 's Office , " they were paranoid " .
Guns mounted on the fort 's completed walls , she said , faced back towards the town .
" That tells you they were probably more worried about an attack from inside the colony . "
During an armed rebellion " they would be able to bring the garrison up from Dawes Point , and the other fortifications around the harbour , and into the fort to defend the town " .
Fort Phillip was designed to outlast any siege .
Last week Ms Allen 's team made a big discovery , unearthing remains of a bomb - proof shelter that had been built into one wall .
Besides storing gunpowder , it could have also provided cover during an attack .
" Wonderful sandstone blocks with curved faces [ tell ] us it had a completely domed roof , " she said .
" We have also found the lovely flagstone floor of a small building that once stood in a courtyard that was in the middle of the fort . "
Other relics discovered include a handful of iron shot .
Just six weeks after work started on Fort Phillip , Irish convicts launched the brief Vinegar Hill uprising at Castle Hill .
In December that year King wrote to England , reporting that the " citadel is far advanced and when finished will afford the greatest advantages in resisting any attempt that may be made in the settlement " .
But it was never finished .
In 1848 one wall , which still stands today , was converted to serve as a platform on which a semaphore station and flagstaff were built .
In the 1850s the rest was levelled for the construction of Sydney Observatory .
Working on such " a substantial structure " from Sydney 's earliest days was " a treat " , Ms Allen said .
She said people were welcome to watch the digging , during observatory business hours .
At the site , on Sunday , November 2 , she will talk about her work as part of the Historic Houses Trust Sydney Open day .
Tickets - $ 30 or $ 25 concession - can be booked on 8239 2211 , also provide entry for the day to 50 sites around Sydney .
David Gutierrez
Natural News
Tuesday , Oct 21 , 2008
The FDA has come into conflict with Congressional investigators over its refusal to release information on which Chinese companies supplied a tainted blood thinner that has led to at least 81 deaths in the United States .
Earlier this year , the FDA issued its first alert over tainted supplies of the blood thinner heparin .
To date , the contaminated drug has caused allergic reactions that have led to more than 1,000 adverse events in the United States , including 81 confirmed deaths since January 2007 .
The tainted drugs have also been detected in 10 other countries .
In spite of the original warning , the FDA recently discovered that tainted heparin was still on the shelves in some California hospitals .
In response , the alert was widened to include hospitals , physicians groups and pharmaceutical organizations .
“ We found it on crash carts , catheter labs , and even on one hospital pharmacist ’s shelf , ” said Karen Riley of the FDA .
( Article continues below )
Heparin is a widely used blood thinner , frequently given in large doses to patients in order to prevent clotting during complex medical procedures such as kidney dialysis or heart surgery .
In 2007 , then - lead heparin manufacturer Baxter International made $ 30 million in sales of the drug .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Most of the heparin sold in the United States is manufactured from ingredients made in China , a major supplier of drug ingredients to the United States .
According to Baxter Chairman and Chief Executive Robert Parkinson , China is a favored source for heparin in particular , because “ that ’s where the pig population is . ”
The active ingredient in heparin is derived from pig intestines , and China has five times the pig population of the United States .
The FDA suspects that the deadly heparin originally became contaminated in a Chinese factory , but has refused to tell Congress which companies supplied heparin ingredients to the United States from China .
The agency says that confidentiality agreements with the producers bar it from revealing any of their names .
The FDA has determined that the tainted heparin was adulterated with a heparin - like chemical called oversulfated chondroitin sulfate , derived from shellfish .
The presence of this synthetic chemical suggests that the drugs were deliberately tampered with during the manufacturing process , probably to decrease costs for the supplier .
But the FDA does not yet know at what stage in the manufacturing process the chemical was added .
Full article here
Yesterday , Square Enix announced a couple games for the Xbox 360 .
Previously PS3 - only Star Ocean 4 is indeed Xbox 360 bound .
And multiplatform release The Last Remanent is getting released on the Xbox 360 first .
Today , Square Enix announced it 's upcoming " private party " in August that will be showcasing PS3 , PSP , DS and mobile games .
( No Xbox 360 titles , apparently ! )
Dubbed " DKΣ3713 " , the two - day Shinjuku event will be limited to only 2,400 attendees , picked by raffle through the Japanese Square Enix Members website .
The event will have new demos and new trailers .
Games that will be on hand are :
Advertisement
FINAL FANTASY XIII （PS3 ）
FINAL FANTASY Versus XIII （PS3 ）
FINAL FANTASY Agito XIII （Mobile ）
KINGDOM HEARTS Coded （Mobile）
KINGDOM HEARTS 358/2 Days （DS ）
KINGDOM HEARTS Birth by Sleep （PSP ）
DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY （PSP ）
The 3rd Birthday （Mobile）
Sigma Harmonics （DS ）
FINAL FANTASY VII ADVENT CHILDREN COMPLETE （Movie ／Blu-ray ）
Whew !
Look at that , FINAL FANTASY XIII is of course still listed as only a PS3 title .
And look , that rumor that FINAL FANTASY Agito XIII has been canned is not true .
Just what Japan needs , more Final Fantasy .
But where is Dragon Quest IX ?
Not listed , that 's where !
The event seems geared towards the FFXIII series and the Kingdom Hearts franchise .
Oh , and note , no clue what will be in trailer form and what will be playable — but we seriously doubt FINAL FANTASY XIII will be in playable demo form .
Advertisement
New Square Enix Event [ IT Media ]
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 October 29
Explanation :
As far as ghosts go , Mirach 's Ghost is n't really that scary .
In fact , Mirach 's Ghost is just a faint , fuzzy galaxy , well known to astronomers , that happens to be seen nearly along the line - of - sight to Mirach , a bright star .
Centered in this star field , Mirach is also called Beta Andromedae .
About 200 light - years distant , Mirach is a red giant star , cooler than the Sun but much larger and so intrinsically much brighter than our parent star .
In most telescopic views , glare and diffraction spikes tend to hide things that lie near Mirach and make the faint , fuzzy galaxy look like a ghostly internal reflection of the almost overwhelming starlight .
Still , appearing in this sharp image just above and to the right , Mirach 's Ghost is cataloged as galaxy NGC 404 and is estimated to be some 10 million light - years away .
Take a survey on Aesthetics and Astronomy .
We all know it ; when manufactured , electronic devices create a tiny amount of pollution , and that ’s where Dell wants to make things right .
The O2 project is their answer to the problem , and I have to say that while their intentions are commendable , I doubt that it will ever make it to the real world , at least not in the near future .
In its current form , the O2 PC features some nice decorative elements such as a bamboo finish and some space to put a potted plant .
I think the whole “ plant ” idea is rather interesting , but I ’m having trouble imagining people watering their plant without spilling a drop over their PC .
The computer would definitely have to be totally waterproof .
On the technical side , the O2 is composed of a biodegradable polymer skin based on cornstarch and bamboo .
All the computer ’s components can be easily recycled or re-utilized in case you do n’t want to keep the system as a simple flower pot once you get that whole new 48 - core system .
[ Via Tuvie ]
That deafening silence you hear coming from the McCain campaign is straight - talkin ' John touting his plan for privatizing Social Security ... not .
With Wall Street banks falling like dominoes , a hundred billion dollars vanishing overnight , and the Treasury Department scampering about with trying to prop up failing enterprises from Bear Stearns to Fannie Mae , and with domestic and global equity and bond markets swooning , Americans are afraid to open those envelopes that come every quarter telling them the value of their hard - earned 401 ( k ) retirement plans .
No wonder John McCain is n't touting privatizaton these days .
It 's not just that many of those private 401 ( k ) plans McCain and his ilk so love for the working stiff were invested in the very financial institutions that have seen their share values drop to zero , or in other financial institutions that were themselves heavily invested in the stocks or debt instruments of the growing list of failed institutions .
It 's that the tottering US financial edifice is shaking the broader markets , making stocks , bonds , and even giant insurance companies like AIG look like houses of cards , and a poor bet for funding one 's dotage .
Paul Krugman , in today 's New York Times , says that the Federal Reserve Bank and the US Treasury Department , in letting Lehman Bros , the nation 's fourth largest investment bank , go bankrupt , instead of doing yet another government bailout , was a kind of financial Russian roulette .
Could Lehman 's collapse lead to a wholesale collapse of Wall Street and the US banking system , ala 1929 - 31 ?
Krugman says , incredibly , that nobody really knows , including Fed Chairman Ben Bernacke and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
That 's not the kind of thing you want to hear when you 've managed , over the course of a working life , to save maybe a few hundred grand in a tax - deferred retirement plan that is all invested in stocks and bonds .
Nor is it very comforting , if you are one of the millions of Americans who put your money into some kind of insurance annuity , expecting to get a guaranteed stream of income for life , to hear that AIG , the largest insurance company and one of the biggest issuers of such " private pension " programs , is struggling to come up with $ 40 billion in cash to avoid going belly up itself .
Now fortunately , for nearly all American workers , there is a backstop : Social Security , which is not invested in any financial instruments , and which pays out monthly benefits to retired and disabled workers and their dependents based not upon the whims of the markets but on the lifetime earnings of the worker in question .
Unlike a 401 ( k ) investment , which is dependent for its size and reliability on the performance of the financial markets in which its assets are invested , or an annuity , which is dependent upon the financial survival and viability of the insurance company which issued it , Social Security is a program in which the payments of benefits are an obligation of the federal government , and are paid from a fund of money that has been paid into by the retiree and her employer in earlier years , by current workers and their employers who pay a tax on current earnings , and , if necessary , by supplemental funds allocated by the Congress .
Social Security benefits are adjusted each year for inflation ( though since President Bill Clinton , those adjustments have been reduced because of a sleight of hand that makes inflation appear to be less than it really is ) .
McCain , and Republicans in general , have been pressing for years to have Social Security privatized , or partially privatized , with at least some of the money taken from employees and employers for Social Security invested in financial instruments such as stocks or bonds .
They 've tried to sell this snake oil to young workers by pointing to the rising stock market , and claiming ominously that some day , with so many current workers approaching retirement , Social Security will go " bankrupt . "
Last year , the Bush Administration , which has filled the Social Security Administration with GOP hacks , actually had notices sent out to every American worker warning that " unless something is done , " Social Security might not be there for younger workers when it 's their turn to retire .
This kind of cynical scare tactic is beneath contempt , and is designed to weaken support for one of the most significant progressive legacies of the New Deal .
The reality is that as the Baby Boom generation reaches retirement , starting with the first Boomers who will hit 65 in 2011 , the elderly lobby , already enormously powerful , will swell to become perhaps the most powerful " special interest " voting bloc this nation has ever seen .
Retired Americans will have the electoral clout in another 10 years to make Social Security whatever they want it to be .
They ( we really , since at 59 I am part of that generation ) will insure that the government pays us and our fellow retirees a decent retirement stipend , and we will also insist that reforms be undertaken to insure that our kids also get secure retirements .
We will do this not by undermining the program , as McCain and other Republicans have called for , by privatizing all or part Social Security , but by making sure that every dollar earned by even the richest of people is taxed , instead of having the social security tax limited to the first roughly $ 100,000 of earnings .
We will demand that if more taxes are needed , they be paid by employers , not workers .
Currently employers and employees each pay about 7.5 % of wages as a payroll tax into the Social Security Trust Fund .
There is no reason why that split should be 50 / 50 , though .
Employers could pay a bigger share .
( Right wing economists try to argue that any tax paid by an employer ultimately comes out of the employees ' wages , but this ignores the law of supply and demand : workers do n't negotiate wages , or accept a job at a certain pay level , based upon the gross wage being paid , but on what they will be taking home each payday .
Extra taxes paid by an employer could not be automatically taken out of employee pay .
They would have to come out of corporate profits . )
The timing of the current spreading financial crisis has exposed McCain 's call for privatization of Social Security as a bad idea masquerading as reform .
Since McCain can be expected to pursue the idea if elected , it 's just one more reason for American voters to reject his candidacy .
_______
The crisis is n’t the only scary thing going on .
Something very ugly is taking shape on the political scene : as McCain ’s chances fade , the crowds at his rallies are , by all accounts , increasingly gripped by insane rage .
It ’s not just a mob phenomenon — it ’s visible in the right - wing media , and to some extent in the speeches of McCain and Palin .
We ’ve seen this before .
One thing that has been sort of written out of the mainstream history of politics is the sheer insanity of the attacks on the Clintons — they were drug smugglers , they murdered Vince Foster ( and lots of other people ) , they were in league with foreign powers .
And this stuff did n’t just show up in fringe publications — it was discussed in Congress , given props by the editorial page of the Wall Street Journal , and so on .
What it came down to was that a significant fraction of the American population , backed by a lot of money and political influence , simply does not consider government by liberals ( even very moderate liberals ) legitimate .
Ronald Reagan was supposed to have settled that once and for all .
What happens when Obama is elected ?
It will be even worse than it was in the Clinton years .
For sure there will be crazy accusations , and I would n’t be surprised to see some violence .
The next few years are going to be very , very tough .
Image
bright - temple.jpg
At 15766 x 1000 ( 100 % )
An image from Brad Templeton 's Photo Site
Ad !
Saw this article over at Lesbian Life on how to be a trans ally .
1. Do n't Assume .
You might not know if a transgender person is in your presence .
If speaking to a group , try to be inclusive .
2 . Do n't tolerate anti-trans remarks or jokes .
If someone makes a transphobic joke or remark , call them out on it .
Challenge transphobic thinking .
3 . Use the preferred pronoun .
If a person says she identifies as female , use " she " and " her " regardless of what that person 's body or appearance is .
If you are not sure which pronoun to use ask the person , " What pronoun would you like me to use ? "
4. Respect Confidentiality .
If a person comes out to you as transgender , transsexual or questioning , ask that person who else knows and who you can talk to about it .
5. Listen .
Every trans person 's experience is unique .
If someone is having a hard time coming out or experiencing discrimination , you can help a lot by just listening .
6 . Know your limits .
Admit when you 've reached the limit of your knowledge .
Ask for guidance or find an appropriate resource .
7 . Do n't try to Label someone .
If someone tells you they feel like they are " trapped in the wrong body " do n't tell them they are necessarily a transsexual .
People who are struggling with their gender identity often need the space to figure out for themselves how to identify .
8 . Do n't assume You Know What Their sexual Orientation is .
Sexual orientation and gender identity are not directly connected .
Someone who is transitioning may also be questioning their sexual orientation or may choose to identify in a different way then they have previously .
9 . Look at yourself .
Examine your own ideas of gender stereotypes and challenge those around you to do the same .
10 . Stay Open
Remember transgender people are individuals who deserve respect and understanding .
New Haven
IN the spring of 1837 , a great depression afflicted the northeastern United States .
All the banks in New York City , Philadelphia and Baltimore suspended cash payments , as did many in Boston .
Of the 850 banks in the United States , nearly half closed or partly failed .
If the crisis of 2008 was caused by poor lending , the Panic of 1837 , too , featured speculation and inflation .
The bank failures of 1837 were followed by high unemployment that lasted into 1843 .
Foreign over - investment ( chiefly British ) had augmented the bubble , which burst when the wily English pulled their money out .
President Martin Van Buren , a Jacksonian Democrat , refused any government involvement in a bailout , and so was widely blamed for the panic .
Van Buren was defeated in his re-election bid in 1840 by his Whig opponent , William Henry Harrison .
The similarities between the crashes of 1837 and 1929 are evident again today .
I am not an economist or a political scientist , but having been born in 1930 , I retain poignant early memories of the impact of the Great Depression upon my father , a working man who struggled to maintain a family with five children in a very hard time .
I am a scholar of literature and religion , and would advise whoever becomes president to turn to Ralph Waldo Emerson , whose influential vision of America was deeply informed by the crisis of 1837 :
I see a good in such emphatic and universal calamity as the times bring , that they dissatisfy me with society .
Under common burdens we say there is much virtue in the world , and what evil co-exists is inevitable .
I am not aroused to say , “ I have sinned : I am in a gall of bitterness , and a bond of iniquity ” ; but when these full measures come , it then stands confessed  society has played out its last stake ; it is checkmated .
Young men have no hope .
Adults stand like day laborers , idle on the streets .
None calleth us to labor .
The old wear no crown of warm life on their gray hairs .
The present generation is bankrupt of principles and hope , as of property .
I see man is not what man should be .
He is the treadle of a wheel .
He is a tassel at the apron string of society .
He is a money chest .
He is the servant of his belly .
This is the causal bankruptcy , this is the cruel oppression , that the ideal should serve the actual , that the head should serve the feet .
Then first , I am forced to inquire if the ideal might not also be tried .
Is it to be taken for granted that it is impracticable ?
Behold the boasted world has come to nothing .
Prudence itself is at her wits ’ end .
Pride , and Thrift , and Expediency , who jeered and chirped and were so well pleased with themselves , and made merry with the dream , as they termed it , of Philosophy and Love ,  behold they are all flat , and here is the Soul erect and unconquered still .
What answer is it now to say , “ It has always been so ? ” I acknowledge that , as far back as I can see the widening procession of humanity , the marchers are lame and blind and deaf ; but to the soul that whole past is but one finite series in its infinite scope .
Deteriorating ever and now desperate .
Let me begin anew .
Let me teach the finite to know its master .
Let me ascend above my fate and work down upon my world .
Fifth Third Bancorp ( FITB ) announced that Fifth Third Bank South Florida will assume approximately $ 250 million of deposits , including all uninsured deposits , from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation acting as receiver for Bradenton - based Freedom Bank .
The transaction will give Fifth Third approximately $ 675 million in deposits in the Bradenton - Sarasota - Venice Metropolitan Statistical Area .
For comments and feedback contact : editorial@rttnews.com
Steve Jobs is leaving Apple .
Not tomorrow , but probably very soon .
That 's why he started to say good bye today , doing something more important than just presenting new MacBooks , MacBook Pros , and an updated MacBook Air .
Advertisement
Today 's event was a play in which he clearly told everyone that the company is more than himself .
Since the very first minute , when he immediately sat down to let Tim Cook talk , he was saying : " Hey , look , Apple is more than Steve .
These are The Guys , the Goodfellas , the A - Team .
They share the same vision I have .
And they are going to push the company forward when I change my office chair for a hammock and caipirinhas on my private beach in Hawaii " .
Advertisement
In the past , Steve Jobs was always the Star of the Show .
Like his dear Johnny Cash , this man in black would come out on stage with an orchestra behind him , enthusing his audience with his voice and inflections , make his magic moves and leave everyone hypnotized until he left the building .
He was n't the best singer or the best guitar player , but he had it .
Like Johnny , he also shared the limelight with others from time to time , but it was only for a song or two .
The concerts were always " Hello , I'm Johnny Cash " .
The keynotes were always " Hello , I'm Steve Jobs . "
It was Steve 's Show from beginning to " one more thing , " and there was no doubt about it .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Today it was the confirmation that those days may be over forever .
It seems like Steve has decided it 's time not to appear like Johnny Cash anymore , but time to become Mick Jagger .
And with him , he brought Keith Richards , Charlie Watts , and Ronnie Wood .
Today Steve 's band played all the tunes in harmony , showing to the world that there 's more to Apple than just the frontman , even while his DNA is deep inside every single aspect of the company 's culture .
Instead of kicking off with a market analysis to prepare the ground , this time it was Tim Cook who took the stage wearing Steve 's color scheme : Blue jeans and black top .
Psychologically , this puts them at the same level , easing the future potential power transition .
Seems stupid , but you can bet it was n't coincidental , even while Cook has zero appeal when compared to the rockstar CEO .
Then came " Jony " Ive to talk about the design and aluminum laser making , and it was n't until minute 18 that Steve took over to present the actual toys .
27 minutes later , for a man that has taken on two - hour presentations without even blinking , the MacBook 2008 video kicked off only to be followed by a short Q&A - with Cook and Phil Schiller as wingmen - after which he had time to crack a quick joke about his own health .
Advertisement
How the MacBooks Are Carved Out of Solid Aluminum Apple has confirmed their new way to make laptops in the new MacBook 2008 line - up .
Previously , … Read more
Obviously , that 's what lies at the heart of this transition .
He joked about his blood pressure , taking a dig at this obsession with watching him decline , with the World 's Press looking for the Biggest News Ever in Tech History this side of Steve Ballmer announcing his sex change and a new name ( probably Dorita Estevez ) .
But while , like I said before , it 's not your business or mine to get into his private life , the man clearly understands that his baby , the company he created with the Woz from scratch , deserves a plan and a bright future .
Advertisement
It 's part of him .
He created it , he was pushed off it , and then he rescued it back from the pits of hell to the top of the world .
Along that path he made plenty of mistakes , but getting together the team that have been directing the company with him during the last few years is not one of those mistakes .
It may prove to be his biggest lasting achievement .
Advertisement
I 'm sure we still have a lot more shows like this , and that Steve Jobs will always stay at Apple like Bill Gates will always stay at Microsoft , even after his retirement .
But the play we saw today was the prologue of the new Apple Without Steve but With Steve Era , Jobs signaling that he's not alone at the helm , and that if he moves on , nobody should panic .
Not explicitly , but the message was there in big neon letters for everyone to see .
Seeing your own little Johnny or Jenny grow up to be president has traditionally been regarded as a pinnacle of parenting .
If you 're a parent , you might want to rethink that .
The families that have produced U.S. presidents are n't always great role models .
In fact , they show a striking tendency to be deeply flawed .
The childhoods of past presidents have been marked to an unusual degree by absent fathers , mothers so overinvolved that they could easily have been the original helicopter parents , and in some cases outright dysfunction , based on interviews with historians and family - history scholars and a review of presidential history books .
Childhood events that would destroy most children seem somehow to spark greatness in leaders - to - be , says Doug Wead , author of two books on presidents ' families .
As two candidates with highly unusual family backgrounds vie for the presidency , Mr. Wead even sees Sen. McCain and Sen. Obama -- to different degrees and in starkly different ways -- fitting a pattern he describes as " Mama 's boys with absent fathers who were perceived by the sons as high achievers , " he says .
To be sure , analyzing family patterns from afar , through the veil of history , risks oversimplifying them .
Many presidents ' families , including the parents of John Adams , Harry Truman and Dwight Eisenhower , serve as relatively positive examples .
But in this era of parental perfectionism , studying the unusual ones can lend hope to parents that our children , too , can rise above our foibles and failings .
Beyond any particular thing , Mr. Wead says , the key to success for past presidents was a harder - to - define internal drive .
In troubled families , children " who do n't fall through the cracks really have to become transcendent to survive , " says Monica McGoldrick , a Highland Park , N.J. , author , psychiatrist and family - therapy expert .
" When you do n't have two nice parents who are very supportive ... you seek out and find sources of resilience and transcendence -- and you become amazing . "
Some presidents ' families have been famously dysfunctional .
Thomas Lincoln abandoned 9 - year - old Abraham and his sister , 12 , for several months in their frontier cabin right after the death of their mother , while he went to find a new wife , says Doris Kearns Goodwin , a Pulitzer Prize - winning historian and author most recently of " Team of Rivals , " a book about Lincoln .
When Thomas finally returned with their new stepmother , Sarah Bush Johnston , the couple found them " wild -- ragged and dirty , " seeming barely human , the stepmother later wrote .
Abraham 's father was " constantly taking him out of school or making him work off debt with other farmers or making fun of him that he was lazy because he was reading " so much , Ms. Kearns says .
She and other historians credit his mother , Nancy Hanks Lincoln , and stepmother with providing the nurturing and love that propelled him to leadership .
" All that I am or ever hope to be , " Lincoln said of his mother , " I owe to her . "
In another notably troubled family , Bill Clinton 's father died before Bill was born ; his stepfather was a womanizer and an alcoholic who beat his mother , Virginia , according to biographer David Maraniss .
Although Virginia , a warm , nurturing woman , made her son the adored centerpiece of the family , President Clinton said later that he often pined for his birth father .
Many leaders manage to draw inspiration from troubled legacies , Mr. Wead says .
Sen .
Obama 's father , a failed Kenyan politician , separated from Barack 's mother when their son was 2 years old , saw Barack for only a few weeks during his childhood and died when Barack was 21 .
Yet the senator as a child experienced relatives ' larger - than - life stories about his father as " a morality tale , " he wrote in his book , " Dreams from My Father . "
He focused on his father 's good qualities -- as a brilliant , gifted orator with high ideals and ambitions -- and came to regard him as the embodiment of hope .
" Even in his absence , " Sen .
Obama wrote , " his strong image had given me some bulwark on which to grow up , an image to live up to , or disappoint . "
In an even stronger pattern , historians say , many presidents had dominant and eccentric mothers .
When Nancy McKinley 's son William became president , he set up a special telephone wire from the White House to her home in Ohio so they could talk every day , Mr. Wead says .
And when young Franklin Roosevelt was quarantined with scarlet fever at his boarding school , Sara Delano Roosevelt found a ladder and climbed to his window to inspect him daily , wrote historian Doris Faber in a 1968 book on presidents ' mothers .
Lyndon Johnson 's mother had Lyndon sleep in her bedroom when his father was away ; she " put him at the center of her life , " says Ms. Goodwin , his biographer .
That bond helped create in her son " that ambition to go forward in the world . "
Some presidents , including Woodrow Wilson and Lyndon Johnson , have actually called themselves " Mama 's boys . "
In his book " Faith of My Fathers , " Sen.
McCain , too , calls himself " my mother 's son . "
Even the McCain family , with its tradition of distinguished military service , fits the pattern of an absent father and an overinvolved mother who fills the gap , Mr. Wead says .
Sen .
McCain 's father was a respected four - star Navy admiral and commander of Pacific forces in the Vietnam war , but he was mostly absent from home during Sen.
McCain 's childhood .
Sen .
McCain reflects pride in his father and was taught to regard his long absences " not as a deprivation , but as an honor . "
But he also spends a fair amount of ink on his fathers ' failings .
He writes that he grew up lacking " a loving and protective family . "
He describes his father as " a distant , inscrutable patriarch " ; of his father 's battle with alcoholism , he writes that " when he was drunk , I did not recognize him . "
He turned to his mother as a result , writing , " Her heart has always been large enough to encompass her children with as much love and care as any mother 's child has ever enjoyed . "
( Both candidates declined through spokesmen to be interviewed for this column . )
Mr. Wead undertook his 2005 book , " The Raising of a President , " hoping to discover " some little key " to parenting children who rise to leadership , he says .
But , he found the presidents ' parents " were as neurotic and possessive and awful as anybody 's , " he says -- a discovery he found " very liberating " as a parent .
Instead , the unifying thread was " how these presidents were able to transcend these experiences or re-invent them as inspirational . "
What 's the takeaway for parents ?
" Love is the key , " Mr. Wead says .
Even in families that lacked discipline , future presidents were often able to find it elsewhere , in the military or school .
But with enough of the crucial ingredient -- parental love -- Mr. Wead says , a child can realize , " I do not have to be a prisoner of my past . "
Write to Sue Shellenbarger at sue.shellenbarger@wsj.com
MSI has spruced up its
Wind series of notebooks , and bring upon some noteworthy modifications in its designs , to make it more intriguing and purposeful for its users .
The new MSI U90 Wind netbook sports 8.9 - inch screen display , and exudes capacious storage with its built - in 80 GB hard drive ; further , the company has brought major change in the operating system it runs on , as it replaced Windows XP OS with the new SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop 10 , employing the KDE interface and does n’t offer on - board Bluetooth support .
All these changes has remarkably bring down the cost of the Linux version of MSI U90 netbook to GBP269 , GBP60 less than its parent model , making it more pocket friendly to its customers .
Meanwhile , the U100 netbook is available in bright pink flavour , and includes an impressive 120GB hard drive storage , which costs around GBP329 , and 80 GB version for the same ships with a price tag of GBP319 .
How to decipher the numbers of a blood test .
David Corcoran , a science editor , explores some of the topics addressed in this weeks Science Times .
Personal Health Crisis of Care on the Front Line of Health Finding doctors who know their patients well and who deliver informed care with efficiency and empathy has become quite a challenge in America .
Doctor and Patient The Dance Before the Diagnosis
In trying to protect patients , doctors may be misjudging them and the consequences of not sharing our suspicions .
Essay Healthy Right Up to the Day Youre Not Health is the opposite of a commodity : it flits around like Tinkerbell , defying all the best intentions and predictions .
Second Opinion Pain , a Limp and Winkle Pickers Disease Doctors who treat themselves may have fools for patients , but they look like geniuses compared with a reporter who tried to diagnose herself via the Internet .
Go to Special Section
Favorite Health Resources Science
Times asked some of its contributors for their favorite resources on health , whether online or in print .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
it was late into the night of September 2 , 2004 .
I was in the near - empty bar of the Essex House hotel in New York City .
George W. Bush had just delivered his acceptance speech at the gop convention at Madison Square Garden .
Before a pumped - up crowd , the president had declared that Iraq had been “ a gathering threat ” before he launched the invasion .
He blurred the line between the terrorists responsible for 9/11 and the insurgents in Iraq .
He described John Kerry ’s vote against war funding as a vote to leave US soldiers unprotected .
He claimed , “ Our strategy is succeeding . ”
As I sat in the bar writing my piece , the tables next to me slowly filled with senior reporters and top editors from the Washington Post .
Typing away , I could hear them deride Bush ’s speech as a collection of misrepresentations .
Their consensus was clear : Bush was trying to pull a fast one .
Yet the next morning , the paper ’s front page flatly proclaimed , “ Bush Promises ‘ a Safer World ’ : Acceptance Speech Sets Lofty Goals . ”
The lead article was a straightforward account of the address , with not a hint at the well - founded skepticism of the paper ’s own reporters and editors .
A media outfit , abiding by the conventional rules of journalism ( just the quotes , ma’am ) , had once again enabled a president who was not being honest .
And I was reminded of a 1997 remark by Ben Bradlee , the former executive editor of the Post : “ Even the very best newspapers have never learned how to handle public figures who lie with a straight face . ”
In recent years , Bradlee ’s axiom has been sorely tested .
And while the question of just where Bush fits in the annals of presidential prevarication will soon belong to historians , a related matter is worthy of immediate contemplation :
Will the Bush experience prompt the media to perform better next time the Bradlee test is relevant ?
The debate over Bush ’s relationship with the truth was well under way by the time the president took the stage at the Garden .
By late summer 2003 , a small flood of books had appeared questioning the veracity of the president and his political comrades , including my own The Lies of George W. Bush .
Mainstream journalists and right - wing commentators quickly reached a consensus on why these books were being published — not because of any real problem , but because liberals had been driven to irrational hatred of the president .
Writing in the New York Times , Matt Bai opined that “ the new leftist screeds seem to solidify a rising political culture of incivility and overstatement . ”
Also in the Times , James Traub — while acknowledging that Bush had served up “ quite a few actual fibs ” — observed , “ The sudden rash of jeremiads and their stunning popularity raises a question :
Why are so many liberals , including sane and sober ones , granting themselves permission to hate the president ? ”
In Time , James Poniewozik bemoaned “ the rise of the anger industry . ”
Going further , columnist David Brooks warned that “ The core threat to democracy is not in the White House , it ’s the haters themselves . ”
On cnn , Tucker Carlson said the anti-Bush books were written to cater “ to the paranoia and craziness of the far left ” and were “ selling because the Democratic Party has gone completely insane with Bush hatred . ”
The ideologues of the right and the oh - so - calm pundits of the center were redefining the issue :
Have the libs gone bonkers ?
They could not handle a serious discussion of Bush ’s untruthfulness .
As National Review editor Rich Lowry declared , “ I do n’t think the public is going to buy the idea that [ Bush is ] a liar . ”
Well , the public did , no thanks to the commentariat .
After September 11 , as many as 77 percent of Americans described Bush as honest and trustworthy .
By early 2004 only a little more than half believed that ; and earlier this year , 53 percent of the participants in a USA Today / Gallup Poll said that Bush “ deliberately misled the American public ” about wmd and Iraq .
It is a remarkable and defining fact of the Bush years that half the nation came to distrust him — right around the time he was reelected .
Will we wise up sooner next time ?
True , there are now more bloggers and websites that vet officials and journalists alike — from FactCheck.org ( courtesy of the Annenberg Public Policy Center ) to PolitiFact.com ( established by the St. Petersburg Times and Congressional Quarterly ) .
The Washington Post now rates fibbing pols on a 1 - to - 4 - Pinocchios scale .
But there have been few repercussions for those complicit in the Bush administration ’s truth mugging .
Look at the op - ed page of the New York Times , and you will find David Brooks and Bill Kristol ( who in a prewar debate with me on Fox News maintained with a straight face that Saddam was “ past the finish line ” on nuclear weapons ) holding forth as if nothing has happened .
Karl Rove pens a column for Newsweek .
Reporters who functioned as a conveyor belt for false information skated as well , with the notable exception of the Times ‘ Judith Miller .
A few media big shots did apologize for their prewar failure — sort of .
The Times in 2004 published a tepid editor ’s note conceding that its prewar coverage was “ not as rigorous as it should have been . ”
The Post ‘s Bob Woodward acknowledged that he and the Post should have been more aggressive .
And some reporters who do fret about being hornswoggled again — say , on Iran — have vowed to be more skeptical .
But not everyone got the memo .
That was evident this spring , when ex-White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan blasted his former boss for having relied on a “ political propaganda campaign ” to sell the Iraq War to the public .
McClellan also slammed the national press corps for having been “ too deferential to the White House ” and having insufficiently challenged its rationales for war .
It was rather like a serial killer complaining that the cops had been too incompetent to catch him .
But McClellan had a point , and the response from prominent journalists suggested that some still have n’t taken the first step on the road to recovery : admitting the problem .
nbc News White House correspondent David Gregory passed the buck .
“ I think we challenged the president …
If there was n’t a debate in this country , then maybe the American people should think about why not .
Where was Congress ? ”
He added that McClellan “ thinks … if we did not stand up and say , ‘ This is bogus , and you ’re a liar ’… we did n’t do our job .
And I respectfully disagree . ” abc News anchor Charlie Gibson also let himself off the hook : “ It was just a drumbeat of support from the administration .
It is not our job to debate them . ”
So could it happen again ?
“ Definitely , it could , ” says media critic Jay Rosen .
“ The press got played .
There is no way to learn from that until you can say , ‘ We got played . ’
They are n’t there yet . ”
How the media come to terms with the W era , Rosen adds , is essential to their future .
“ There is some recognition that if journalists cannot say false statements are false , we are n’t going to be needing journalists for long . ”
Ben Bradlee , too , worries the Washington press corps has n’t been much changed — or chagrined — by the Bush experience .
“ I ’ve never seen a story that has a lead paragraph that says , ‘ The president said this , ’ and a second paragraph that says , ‘ This is a lie , ' ” Bradlee remarks .
“ We just do n’t have that kind of balls . ”
What should the media do differently ?
“ My answer is to have a fetish about the truth and to consider the possibility the guys in power are lying on purpose , ” Bradlee says .
“ It ’s always a problem — I ca n’t remember a time when it was n’t a problem . ”
Aided by informants planted in protest groups , authorities raided at least six buildings across St. Paul and Minneapolis to stop an " anarchist " plan to disrupt this week 's Republican National Convention .
From Friday night through Saturday afternoon , officers surrounded houses , broke down doors , handcuffed scores of people and confiscated suspected tools of civil disobedience .
The show of force was led by the Ramsey County Sheriff 's Office in collaboration with the FBI , Minneapolis and St. Paul police , the Hennepin County Sheriff 's Office and other agencies .
But a St. Paul City Council member described it as excessive , while activists , many of whom were detained and then released without charges , called it intimidation designed to quash free speech .
At least five suspected leaders of the RNC Welcoming Committee , a self - described anarchist group , were taken to the Hennepin County jail , and another was being sought , said Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher .
On Saturday afternoon , he displayed a number of the confiscated items : a gun , throwing knives , a bow and arrows , flammable liquids , paint , slingshots , rocks and buckets of urine .
" We know these things were going to be used as weapons , " Fletcher said , a charge protesters and their advocates vigorously disputed .
Fletcher however , stressed that he and other agencies had informants planted inside this and other groups for " a long period of time . "
He described the raids as a strike against the RNC Welcoming Committee , which has vowed to block delegate buses at the convention , among other disruptive actions .
The raids began Friday night when Ramsey County sheriff 's deputies , guns drawn , used a battering ram to get through a door and into the former Smith Theater on St. Paul 's West Side that was being used as a gathering space by a protest group .
About 60 people were inside 627 Smith Av. S. watching a movie and eating when the raid began .
No one was arrested , but everyone inside was handcuffed and interviewed .
I ’m usually pretty measured when I respond to dumb ideas about evolution reported in the press .
After all , scientists are often misquoted , or misunderstood by reporters .
So , I did n’t really think it was worth writing about this story covering a lecture by UCL geneticist Steve Jones .
After all , I ’m hardly going to attend a faculty talk in London , and there ’s really no news here – Jones has been arguing for more than ten years that human evolution has slowed or stopped .
For example , this 1995 article in the NY Times describes his book , The Language of Genes :
" Natural selection has to some extent been repealed " in the case of humans , says Dr. Steve Jones , a geneticist at University College London .
Most social changes " seem to be conspiring to slow down human evolution , " he argues [ . ]
His ideas have been publicized for years outside of his books ; for example , a 2002 public debate .
But this latest Steve Jones kerfuffle seems to have impressive reach .
It hit Slashdot , for goodness ’ sake .
The Guardian has pubished an exchange of opinion pieces about it .
Bloggers of note have picked it up , almost universally to criticize it as a wrong idea .
Why it 's wrong
What I have n’t yet seen , in all the commentary , is a short and simple refutation for each element of his argument .
Let me lay out the components of Jones ’ argument , as explained in the current article and previous works :
1. Evolution includes natural selection , mutation , and random change .
Jones excludes gene flow , one of the usual four mechanisms of evolution – this allows him later to argue that population mixing is a sign of evolution stopping , when in fact it is evolution .
2 . Older fathers have a higher mutation rate than younger fathers or mothers , and the proportion of older fathers is now much less than in the past .
This is true , but minor compared to the main factor affecting the introduction of mutations into human populations : the population size .
The rate of new mutations in the population is 2 Nu , where u is the rate per individual , and N the number of people .
The population of the world has increased tenfold since 1700 .
All other things equal , this means ten times as many mutations – and twice as many mutations per generation today as in 1960 .
There are a smaller proportion of older fathers now than in 1700 , but the absolute number of older fathers is much , much greater .
Besides all this , the story of paternal age at birth is not so simple .
Over the past twenty years in the U.S. , the birth rate to fathers over 35 has been increasing , while the birth rate to fathers under 30 years has been decreasing .
Reproduction in men aged 20 - 35 grew markedly after World War II , but the fraction of births to older fathers has been climbing since 1970 .
To be sure , the current rate of births to older fathers remains substantially less than before 1940 , but this is part of an overall reduction in fertility across all age classes .
Over the past 200 years , a reduction in average male fertility has been made up by an increase in infant and juvenile survival , so even though the birth rate to older ( and younger ) fathers declined , the population size continued to grow .
3. Mortality of young people has reduced to near - zero .
Jones acknowledges that this is only true in industrialized economies , so I ’ll set aside the obvious point ( also made by Chris Stringer in this article : Mortality is still high among young people in a global context .
But Jones entirely neglects fertility .
Fertility selection depends on the variance in lifetime reproduction ( some people have more children than others ) , as well as the variance in age at reproduction ( some people have children earlier than others ) .
Selection does not stop , even if mortality does .
He also neglects the high human rate of spontaneous abortion , a continuing source of mortality selection .
Also , the decrease in mortality means that some mutations that once were deleterious are now neutral .
These mutations now will be retained in the population rather than rapidly eliminated , and some of them will increase under genetic drift .
In terms of the rate of change in frequency of these previously rare deleterious alleles , this means that the population will henceforth evolve more , not less .
4. Small isolated populations allow rapid evolution by drift .
But today ’s population is large and highly interconnected .
There ’s no denying this , at least if we ’re talking about the rate of change of allele frequencies within each small population .
However , the rate of fixation of neutral alleles is independent of population size .
And the global rate of evolution is far slower in a network of partially isolated subpopulations than in a single large population .
So this argument depends on what we mean by “ evolution . ”
Here ’s what we have from Jones in this context :
Small populations which are isolated can evolve at random as genes are accidentally lost .
Worldwide , all populations are becoming connected and the opportunity for random change is dwindling .
History is made in bed , but nowadays the beds are getting closer together .
We are mixing into a global mass , and the future is brown .
Jones ’ definition of evolution ( in argument 1 , above ) leads inevitably to confusion here .
Clearly , this “ mixing into a global mass ” is actually rapid evolution of human populations , measured in terms of changes in allele frequencies .
If Europe becomes “ brown ” in 500 years , that ’s a whole lot faster than the 20,000 years it took Europe to become “ non-brown . ”
Jones apparently means that sometime in the future , after this current , rapid period of evolutionary change , human evolution will be slow .
But he ’s wrong .
Mutations will be entering this large population faster than in the smaller global population of the past .
This future population will be vastly more variable than any of the small human populations of today .
Alleles under selection will be able to move and mix much faster than through the disjointed network of population contacts that existed 200 years ago .
Only by one measure will evolution be slower : the rate of change in frequency of neutral mutations .
But even that will be faster in the mixed future than the semi-isolated past , if we consider it globally instead of locally .
Longevity
Several respondents to Jones ’ arguments have taken an approach that I think is misguided .
Pointing out that human longevity was much lower in the past , they argue that a much lower proportion of children were being born to older fathers .
Actually , longevity has a very limited application to this argument .
The high juvenile and infant mortality rates of the past have no influence on the average age of fathers at reproduction , since fathers are a subset of people who survive juvenile and infant mortality .
For example , in the U.S. around 1850 , only around 60 percent of all people born would survive to age 20 .
These deaths greatly reduced the average longevity , but had no effect at all on the proportion of births to older fathers .
What matters is the fraction of young men ( 20 - 30 ) who survive to be older men ( 35 - 50 ) .
That fraction was high : roughly 85 % of twenty - year - old men in the U.S. in 1850 survived to age 35 , and two thirds survived to age 50 .
Older men were fathering a large fraction of the infants in early America and in pre-industrial populations .
This is because once they started , they did n’t stop , as long as they had a wife who could have children ( and widowers often remarried ) .
This was probably true in all agricultural societies , and likely in modern human hunter - gatherers back to 30,000 years ago or earlier .
If we go back further in time , we find a much higher mortality rate among young men , so that fathers over 35 made much less of a contribution .
But in historic times , older fatherhood has been very important to rate of new mutations per individual .
What ’s important is that ( a ) the proportional reduction of older fatherhood is a small effect compared to the increase in mutations due to the growth of the population , ( b ) part of the decline of birth rates to older men is compensated by a reduction of infant and juvenile mortality , and ( c ) older fatherhood is now rising , not falling .
I think Jones ought to pursue a far more interesting interpretation of these facts .
European and American men today are increasingly pursuing part of a reproductive strategy that was common in the past , but less common in postwar Europe and America .
Today , with lower infant and childhood mortality , the consequences of that strategy are potentially more powerful than in the past .
Bottom line
As always , claims about the rate of evolution in the future depend only slightly on empirical observations , and mainly on assumptions .
In this case , Steve Jones has defined the “ rate ” of evolution in a very particular way , to come to the story that he prefers .
I generally do n’t mind when prominent people say silly things about evolution .
It gives the rest of us a chance to explain why they ’re wrong , and teach about the mathematical basis of evolution as we do it .
In this case , it ’s sort of sad : Jones is out there making arguments and selling books , but he ’s clearly trapped in the pre-genome era .
The exciting thing about genetics today is the extent to which we can observe human evolution happening !
There ’s also an antiquated version of ethnocentrism here : how can we talk about the future of human evolution without considering the intense dynamics in today ’s developing nations ?
Relative to Africa and Asia , Europe is now a population sink .
American conflicts  from slavery to the Civil War to the war on terror  dominated the non-fiction finalists for the National Book Awards , which were announced on Wednesday .
“ The Dark Side : The Inside Story of How the War on Terror Turned into a War on American Ideals , ” a chronicle of the Bush administration in the post - 9/11 era by Jane Mayer , a staff writer for The New Yorker , was joined by Drew Gilpin Faust ’s “ This Republic of Suffering : Death and the American Civil War , ” a historical account of that war ’s massive death toll ; Annette Gordon - Reed ’s “ The Hemingses of Monticello : An American Family , ” a biography of the slave family owned by Thomas Jefferson ; and Jim Sheeler ’s “ Final Salute : A Story of Unfinished Lives , ” adapted from his Pulitzer Prize - winning work in the Rocky Mountain News about soldiers killed in the Iraq and Afghanistan conflicts .
The category was rounded out by Joan Wickersham ’s personal memoir “ The Suicide Index : Putting My Father ’s Death in Order . ”
The finalists in the fiction category offered a mixture of veterans and new authors .
The five nominees include “ Home , ” the third novel by Marilynne Robinson , a Pulitzer Prize - winner for her 2004 novel “ Gilead ” ; “ Shadow Country , ” by Peter Matthiessen , a founder of the Paris Review ; and “ The Lazarus Project , ” by the Bosnian author Aleksandar Hemon .
They are joined by Rachel Kushner ’s debut novel “ Telex From Cuba ” and “ The End , ” the first novel by Salvatore Scibona .
The poetry nominees are “ Watching the Spring Festival ” by Frank Bidart ; “ Fire to Fire : New and Collected Poems ” by Mark Doty ; “ Creatures of a Day ” by Reginald Gibbons ; “ Without Saying ” by Richard Howard ; and “ Blood Dazzler ” by Patricia Smith .
" History shows these plans do n't work .
What does work is to let the market clean itself out , " Rogers told " Worldwide Exchange " .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , like his predecessor Alan Greenspan and together with Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson have been intervening in the markets and preventing them from acting naturally , he added .
" Capitalism is where the market does its work .
These guys , for the last 8 to10 years , have refused to let the market do its work to clean itself out , " Rogers said .
( Watch the Jim Rogers interview on CNBC above ) .
Bernanke and Paulson , have been " dead wrong " for the past two years for telling the public that overall the US economy was fine , " why would anybody listen to them ? , " he added .
Rogers cited the examples of Russia and South Korea , both marred by crises toward the end of the 1990s , and which afterwards enjoyed years of rapid growth .
" You let things collapse … and you have a clean growth afterwards , " he said .
Rogers said he was back into buying Chinese shares over the past weeks as the country 's monetary policy had started to loosen up , and that commodities offered better returns than stocks .
Among the local ballot measures to be decided on Election Day , California ’s Proposition 8 is perhaps the most fiercely contested .
Backers of the proposition to ban same - sex marriage in the state cast their campaign in apocalyptic terms .
“ This vote on whether we stop the gay - marriage juggernaut in California is Armageddon , ” born - again Watergate felon and Prison Fellowship Ministries founder Chuck Colson told the New York Times .
Tony Perkins , the president of the Christian right ’s most powerful Beltway lobbying outfit , Family Research Council , echoed Colson ’s language .
“ It ’s more important than the presidential election , ” Perkins said of Prop 8 .
“ We will not survive [ as a nation ] if we lose the institution of marriage . ”
Click Image To View Video
The campaign for Prop 8 has reaped massive funding from conservative backers across the country .
Much of it comes from prominent donors like the Utah - based Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints and the Catholic conservative group , Knights of Columbus .
Prop 8 has also received a boost from Elsa Broekhuizen , the widow of Michigan - based Christian backer Edgard Prince and the mother of Erik Prince , founder of the controversial mercenary firm , Blackwater .
While the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints ’ public role in Prop 8 has engendered a growing backlash from its more liberal members , and Broekhuizen ’s involvement attracted some media attention , the extreme politics of Prop 8 ’s third largest private donor , Howard F. Ahmanson , reclusive heir to a banking fortune , have passed almost completely below the media ’s radar .
Ahmanson has donated $ 900,000 to the passage of Prop 8 so far .
I first met Ahmanson in 2004 , when he and his wife , Roberta , agreed to an interview request for an article I was writing for Salon .
Their exchanges with me marked the first time since 1984 that Howard had agreed to make contact with a journalist , and the first time since 1992 for Roberta .
Howard agreed to answer questions only by email because , according to Roberta , his Tourette ’s Syndrome made chatting on the phone with a stranger nearly impossible .
He functions “ like a slow modem , ” she said .
Her dual role as her husband ’s spokesperson and nurse quickly became apparent .
“ My goal is the total integration of biblical law into our lives , ” Ahmanson once said .
Few Americans have heard of Ahmanson — and that 's the way he likes it .
He donates cash either out of his own pocket or through his unincorporated Fieldstead & Co. to avoid having to report the names of his grantees to the IRS .
His Tourette 's syndrome only adds to his mysterious persona , as his fear of speaking leads him to shun the media .
While Ahmanson once resided in a mental institution in Kansas , he now occupies a position among the Christian right ’s power pantheon as one of the movement ’s most influential donors .
During a 1985 interview with the Orange County Register , Ahmanson summarized his political agenda : “ My goal is the total integration of biblical law into our lives . ”
The campaign to teach “ intelligent design ” in public school classrooms , the Republican takeover of the California Assembly , and the rollback of affirmative action in California — Ahmanson has been behind them all .
He has also taken a special interest in anti-gay crusades .
Ahmanson ’s most controversial episode related to his funding of the religious empire of Rousas John Rushdoony , a radical evangelical theologian who advocated placing the United States under the control of a Christian theocracy that would mandate the stoning to death of homosexuals .
With Prop 8 organizers claiming in a virtual mantra that their measure will not harm gays or take rights away from heterosexual Californians , Ahmanson has good reason to conceal his involvement in the campaign .
When Howard F. Ahmanson Jr. was born in 1950 , his father , then 44 years old , was feting visiting kings and queens and basking in the opulence of his mansion on Harbor Island , an exclusive address in Southern California 's Newport Harbor .
Howard Junior was tended by an army of servants and ferried to and from school in a limousine .
Watching the world glide by through darkened windows , he was gripped with a longing to cast off his wealth and disappear into anonymity .
He burned with resentment toward his father , a remote , towering presence , referred to by friends and foes alike as “ Emperor Ahmanson . ”
While Ahmanson Sr. showered local institutions in the Los Angeles area with charitable gifts from the fortune he amassed as the founder of Washington Mutual , his son was starved for attention .
The Emperor ’s succession plans began to erode when Ahmanson turned ten and his beloved mother served his father with divorce papers .
She died a few years later .
When Howard was 18 , his father died , too , sinking him into depths of despair .
With his $ 300 million inheritance , he was now California ’s — and perhaps America ’s — richest teenager .
But he was without direction , afraid and utterly alone .
The tics , twitches and uncontrollable verbal spasms caused by his Tourette ’s syndrome worsened .
He could not cope with his emotions and during increasingly stressful episodes he would uncontrollably blurt out shocking statements .
Unable to look people in the eye when he spoke to them , he became socially paralyzed .
Diagnosed as schizophrenic , he spent two years at the Menninger Clinic , a Topeka , Kansas psychiatric institution .
" I resented my family background , " he told the Register in 1985 .
" [ My father ] could never be a role model , whether by habits or his lifestyle , it was never anything I wanted . "
After graduating from Occidental College with poor marks , Ahmanson became drawn to a heavily politicized brand of Christianity that was growing popular in evangelical circles .
He discovered the writings of a radical right - wing theologian whose family was massacred in the Armenian genocide , R.J. Rushdoony , Rushdoony ’s book , The Politics of Guilt and Pity , in which the theologian mocked wealthy liberals , struck a particular chord with the young Ahmanson .
“ The guilty rich will indulge in philanthropy , and the guilty white men will show ' love ' and ' concern ' for Negroes and other such persons who are in actuality repulsive and intolerable to them , ” Rushdoony wrote .
Ahmanson read avidly as though Rushdoony were describing his own life .
While Ahmanson gave no indication he shared Rushdoony ’s crude racism , through the theologian ’s scathing critique of “ the guilty rich ” he began to release himself from the burden of responsibility to carry on his father ’s legacy .
He promptly sold his stock in his father 's company and invested it in lucrative real estate acquisitions , with a goal of earning returns of 20 to 25 percent per year .
That assured that his wealth would grow quickly , but it also made him vulnerable to people who manipulated his residual guilt complex to get a cut of his fortune .
Rushdoony ’s political ideas provided Ahmanson with a framework for his philanthropic machinations .
Describing his philosophy as “ Christian Reconstructionism , ” Rushdoony painstakingly outlined plans for the church to take over the federal government and “ reconstruct ” it along biblical lines .
He provided detailed plans for how it would provide healthcare , pave roads and reorganize schools , and how it would mete out justice .
Calling for the literal application of all 613 laws described in the Book of Leviticus , Rushdoony paid special attention to punishments .
Instead of serving prison sentences , criminals would be sentenced to indentured servitude , whipped , sold into slavery , or executed .
“ God 's government prevails , ” Rushdoony wrote , “ and His alternatives are clear - cut : either men and nations obey His laws , or God invokes the death penalty against them . ”
Those eligible on Rushdoony ’s long list for execution included disobedient children , unchaste women , apostates , blasphemers , practitioners of witchcraft , astrologers , adulterers , and , of course , anyone who engaged in “ sodomy or homosexuality . ”
After Ahmanson ’s awakening , R.J. Rushdoony reveled in his discovery of a financial angel willing to fund the growth of his think tank , Chalcedon , while expanding the influence of Reconstructionist philosophy .
He rewarded Ahmanson ’s generosity by giving him a seat on Chalcedon ’s board of directors .
Ahmanson was profoundly grateful .
At last , in Rushdoony he had found the attentive and approving father he yearned for his whole life .
" Howard got to know Rushdoony and Rushdoony was very good to him when he was a young man and my husband was very grateful and supported him to his death , " Roberta Green Ahmanson told me .
The Ahmansons were at Rushdoony ’s side when he died in February 2001 .
Roberta Ahmanson was not reticent about her and husband ’s political views .
When I asked her if they favored biblical law as a governing model for the United States , for example , she casually responded , “ I 'm not suggesting we have an amendment to the Constitution that says we now follow all 613 of the case laws of the Old Testament ...
But if by biblical law you mean the last seven of the Ten Commandments , you know , yeah . ”
The year of Rushdoony ’s death , Ahmanson gave $ 1 million to the Institute for Religion and Democracy , a conservative outfit in Washington focused on weakening the political influence of historically liberal mainline churches .
The IRD immediately placed Roberta Ahmanson on its board of directors after receiving her husband ’s donation .
Ahmanson ’s money was budgeted specifically to generate a smear campaign against the Episcopal Church ’s first openly gay bishop , Eugene Robinson .
The campaign ’s spearhead came in the form of a 2004 column by Weekly Standard editor Fred Barnes titled “ The Gay Bishop ’s Links . ”
Barnes , who neglected to mention his membership on the IRD ’s board of directors in his column , falsely alleged that the Web site of a gay youth group Robinson founded contained links to " a pornographic website , ” and claimed without independent sourcing that Robinson " put his hands on " a Vermont man " inappropriately " during a church meeting " several years ago . "
The IRD circulated the column to various cable news networks , but only Fox News — which also employs Barnes as a regular pundit and host of a talk show — agreed to broadcast it .
Though a panel of bishops investigating the charges discredited Barnes ' smear , it helped widen the rift within the Episcopal Church and divide it from its global affiliates .
In May 2007 , 11 ultra - conservative congregations from Northern Virginia bolted from the Episcopal Church and joined forces with the Anglican Church of Nigeria , led by Archbishop Peter Akinola .
Akinola , who once called homosexuals “ lower than beasts , ” spent much of 2006 lobbying his Nigeria ’s legislature to pass a bill meting out five year prison terms to any gay people who dare to gather — or even touch one another — in public .
While the Episcopal global schism represented a towering achievement for Ahmanson , the passage of Prop 8 would be the apotheosis of his long career .
He does not seek credit — recognition only damages the causes he funds .
Ahmanson derives satisfaction from transforming a nation the same way he transformed himself .
“ The Christian view of man is that we 're not perfect , ” Roberta Ahmanson told me .
“ You do n't give to things that base themselves on the optimistic view that human beings are going to be doing it right . ”
Note :
This article has been corrected to note the proper name , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints , not the Church of Latter - Day Saints as originally published .
Remember back to the first week in September , when it seemed like every day there was a new “ gate ” ?
Actually , believe it or not , “ Troopergate ” used to be known as “ Palingate ” in Alaska because we naively believed there was only one .
Oh , how innocent we were .
Since that long ago time , our naivete has fallen away , and “ gates ” have been springing up like mushrooms all over Alaska : Troopergate , babygate , bookgate , pastorgate … the list seemed endless .
Add to that a whole host of more recent and harder to say “ gates ” – Leaving - your - town - in - debt - gate , collecting - per - diem - while - living - at - home - gate , charging - victims - for - rape - kits - gate , trying - to - rid - the - world - of - wolves - and - polar - bears - gate , and we ’ve been busy people .
We ’ve been focusing on John McCain ’s I - did n ’t - vet - my - running - mate - so - I ’m - going - te - let - everyone - else - do - it - gate .
But now , a brand new “ gate ” surfaces .
I present “ House Gate ” .
There will be more digging on this one in the days to come , but here ’s what we know now .
Six months before Palin stepped down as mayor in October 2002 , the city awarded nearly a half - million - dollar contract to design the biggest project in Wasilla history to Kumin Associates .
Blase Burkhart was the Kumin architect on the job — the son of Roy Burkhart , who is frequently described as a “ mentor ” of Palin and was head of the local Republican Party ( his wife , June , who also advised Palin , is the national committeewoman ) .
Asked if the contract was a favor , Roy Burkhart , who contributed to her campaign in the same time frame that his son got the contract , said : “ I really do n’t know . ”
Palin then named Blase Burkhart to a seven - member builder - selection committee that picked Howdie Inc. , a mostly residential contractor owned at the time by Howard Nugent .
Formally awarded the contract a couple of weeks after Palin left office , Nugent has donated $ 4,000 to Palin campaigns .
Two competitors protested the process that led to Nugent ’s contract .
Burkhart and Nugent had done at least one project together before the complex — and have done several since .
A list of subcontractors on the job , obtained by the Voice , includes many with Palin ties .
One was Spenard Builders Supply , the state ’s leading supplier of wood , floor , roof , and other “ pre-engineered components . ”
In addition to being a sponsor of Todd Palin ’s snow - machine team that has earned tens of thousands for the Palin family , Spenard hired Sarah Palin to do a statewide television commercial in 2004 .
When the Palins began building a new family home off Lake Lucille in 2002 — at the same time that Palin was running for lieutenant governor and in her final months as mayor — Spenard supplied the materials , according to Antoine Bricks , who works in its Wasilla office .
Spenard actually filed a notice “ of its right to assert a lien ” on the deed for the Palin property after contracting for labor and materials for the site .
Spenard ’s name has popped up in the trial of Senator Stevens — it worked on the house that is at the center of the VECO scandal as well .
Todd Palin told Fox News that he built the two - story , 3,450 - square - foot , four - bedroom , four - bath , wood house himself , with the help of contractors he described as “ buddies . ”
As mayor , Sarah Palin blocked an effort to require the filing of building permits in the wide - open city , and there is no public record of who the “ buddies ” were .
The house was built very near the complex , on a site whose city purchase led to years of unsuccessful litigation and , now , $ 1.3 million in additional costs , with a law firm that ’s also donated to Palin collecting costly fees from the city .
Dorwin and Joanne Smith , the principals of complex subcontractor DJ Excavation & Development , have donated $ 7,100 to Palin and her allied candidate Charlie Fannon ( Joanne is a Palin appointee on the state Board of Nursing ) .
Sheldon Ewing , who owns another complex subcontractor , Weld Air , has donated $ 1,300 , and PN&D , an engineering firm on the complex , has contributed $ 699 .
Ewing was one of the few sports - complex contractors , aside from Spenard , willing to address the question of whether he worked on the house as well , but he had little to say : “ I doubt that it occurred , but if it did indirectly , how would I know anyhow ? ”
The odd timing of Palin ’s house construction — it was completed two months before she left City Hall and while she and Todd Palin were campaigning statewide for the first time — raises questions , especially considering its synergy with the complex .
So Todd Palin says he built his lakeside home with the help of some “ buddies ” who were also building contractors .
First of all , this alone is n’t as unusual as it might sound to those in the Lower 48 .
I personally know at least 4 people who have build houses with the assistance of “ buddies ” who were contractors .
Alaska is a very do - it - yourself kind of state .
Just as it is n’t really that unusual to be a pilot and own a small plane , or a snowmachine , or to go moose hunting .
However , that said , we ’re talking about the Palins .
Were this something that had been brought up as a stand - alone piece of evidence for a corruption investigation of a squeaky clean governor , I might never have thought it worth digging into .
But usually , once you ’ve established something is an onion , it does n’t matter how many layers you peel away , it ’s still an onion .
And once you ’ve established that someone abuses a position of power for self - gain ( which we just did when the Branchflower Troopergate report was released ) , you can pretty well imagine that no matter how many layers you peel away , you ’re likely to find more of the same .
Just as my first reaction with Palin ’s and Ted Stevens ’ “ connection ” to Spenard Builders Supply was to dare the Village Voice to find anyone who built a house in Alaska who DIDN ” T have a connection with Spenard Builders Supply , we should not dismiss it too hastily .
Patterns are patterns , and onions are onions .
Nothing in Alaska stays hidden for long these days .
Todd Palin ’s interview on Fox .
He talks about building the house at minute 2:00 .
Todd : McCain is ' conceding the popular vote ' David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Sunday October 19 , 2008
Print This Email This Sunday morning , NBC's Tom Brokaw talked with MSNBC political analyst Chuck Todd about how the polls are shaping up just several weeks prior to the election .
Todd told Brokaw that at this point , McCain appears to be " conceding the popular vote " in order to pursue victory through the Electoral College , similar to how outgoing President George W. Bush came to power .
Todd , making the argument that older voters could be the crucial demographic in the election 's endgame , claimed there 's been some evidence that they are shifting toward Obama .
" That 's how this thing becomes , from a close Electoral College battle to a landslide , " he said .
" And by the way , one more point about our map , as we 're seeing this shift .
It 's almost as if the McCain campaign is conceding the popular vote .
We 're seeing a lot of tightening in some places that , while Obama wo n't carry them , he 's not gonna lose by large margins .
" That means the McCain path is solely now an Electoral College path .
If he wins the Electoral College , it 's hard to see how he actually wins the popular vote . "
This video is from NBC's Meet the Press , broadcast October 19 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
theorem " ( a :: int ) dvd b == > a ^ n dvd b ^ n " proof - assume " a dvd b " show " a ^ n dvd b ^ n " proof ( induct n ) show " a^0 dvd b^0 " proof - have " a^0 = 1 " by ( rule power_0 ) moreover have " ( 1 dvd b ^ 0 ) " by ( rule zdvd_1_left ) ultimately show ?
thesis by simp qed next fix n assume " a ^ n dvd b ^ n " show " a ^ Suc n dvd b ^ Suc n " proof - from prems have " a * a ^ n dvd b * b ^ n " by ( intro zdvd_zmult_mono ) moreover have " a ^ Suc n = a * a^n " by ( rule power_Suc ) moreover have " b ^ Suc n = b * b^n " by ( rule power_Suc ) ultimately show ?
thesis by simp qed qed qed
READER COMMENTS ON
" Diebold Admits Their Tabulator Software Does n't Count Votes Correctly "
( 24 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 8/24/2008 @ 5:37 pm PT ...
" does not count votes correctly . "
You would have to define " correctly " correctly , who did " they " want to win ?
Not Gore , not Kerry , therefore you would have to define " correctly " correctly .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Gryphen said on 8/24/2008 @ 7:12 pm PT ...
Hell yeah I care !
I care so much that I blogged about it myself two days ago and wrote a letter to the editor of my local newspaper .
( Because guess whose state ALSO uses these machines ! )
But the smoking gun that I am waiting to have revealed to the general population is that these machines have been used by the Republicans to steal elections .
I cannot yet prove that but I have absolutely NO doubt that it is true .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Michael Jones said on 8/24/2008 @ 9:01 pm PT ...
We should just vote on their ATMs .
They seem to be able to count accurately to the penny .
It seems like they have been able to count large numbers , integrate different systems all over the world , create verifiable paper trails , and keep all of our major financial institutions happy .
It 's almost like they do n't wanna ' .
Hmmmmmm ????????
I care and I 've been pissed since 2000 !
It 's like watching a bad magician .
I saw that !!
Maybe I 'm lost in left wing world , but has this ever effected a race where the Republican lost ?
They will try to win this election by a thousand cuts .
This is just one of them .
Caging , voter ID , mis appropriation of resources on election day , lying 501C - 3s , not counting provisional ballots etc .....
Someone should call the Attorney General !
No wait ... I can't think about this .
I have to go to work so that I can afford Gas for my car .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean ( not in ) FL - 13 said on 8/24/2008 @ 9:23 pm PT ...
... Adding my flabber - gastation , for what it 's worth .
Following Ellen 's amazing work with utter disbelief .
As a truly perfect button to this stunner , Kathy Dent -- nefarious Sarasota Supervisor of Elections - - was interviewed this week by Fox 13 News about the potential problems that we may experience with our new voting machines .
Dent 's final comment was : " It 's Sarasota .. what can I say ? "
WHA ?...
So , " we 're Sarasota , we 're bound to fuck up ? "
The interview , while not airing on TV , has painted DENT in the most unflattering light .
While that is not hard to do , I wonder why FOX has included some of the most bizarro / amusing footage of DENT from our RECOUNT , where she is seen in full melt - down , screaming at Susan Pynchon of the Florida Fair Elections Coalition / Volusia Co. candidate for S.O.E ...
Click here for Video :
http://www.myfoxtampabay...rsion=1&locale=EN-US
... Dent 's meltdown has nothing to do with this particular interview , so I do n't quite get how this furthers FOX 's ever present , thinly veiled agenda .
Maybe they 're setting m'lady up for a fall ?
FLORIDIOT also mentioned in a previous thread that VERN BUCHANAN , our corrupt CAR SALESMAN / CONGRESSMEAN ELECT from FL - 13 , is facing seven court cases re : AUTO FRAUD and illegal campaign contributions .
Full story :
http://newsproject.org/node/111
Surely he would never throw an election ...
Truly cracked .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... nikto said on 8/24/2008 @ 10:27 pm PT ...
Wow .
It sure is hard to count votes accurately
on these systems , ai n't it ?
Counting votes is really really hard .
O mean , heck that 's ADDITION !
It 's a good thing Diebold machines and technology is n't used to keep track of millions of bank money depo$it$ and with drawals every day , all over the country .
That would be even MORE complicated
than counting votes .
Good thing , huh ?
..........................
.... Oh .
Never mind .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 8/24/2008 @ 10:54 pm PT ...
Wilbur ~
If diebold / premier screwed up even the slightest bit in it 's banking machines there would be hell to pay . . . " but since it 's only votes WTF ... "
Says the talking snake . . .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Diane said on 8/24/2008 @ 11:58 pm PT ...
As as emergency measure , can we demand the states use hand counted paper ballots for the Federal offices only ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 8/25/2008 @ 1:40 am PT ...
My grandson - in - law , the brilliant programmer , said , " The reason these companies do n't want to release their source codes is that they are such clumsy kludges , taking millions of lines of programming for a job that can be done with hundreds , that any sort of mischief can be hidden in the misch - masch nearly undetectably ! "
If he is right , the whole thing is not unreliability , it 's FRAUD !
If the machines are intended to give " Incorrect " answers ( Always skewed in ONE direction , even the suspicion should legislate against using them AT ALL !
And someone should go to jail for a long time .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Larry Bergan said on 8/25/2008 @ 1:54 am PT ...
Thanks for continuing to call this criminal corporation Diebold !
Calling them by their new witness protection name would allow them to disappear and duck accountability .
I guess we can all see why they want to keep the code secret now .
It 's obvious any competing vote tabulation corporation would want to steal computer code for their machines that can't count .
Up is down .
By the way , did we ever get to know what Kenneth Blackwell said when the C - Span feed went down during his testimony ?
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Jackie , Baton Rouge said on 8/25/2008 @ 4:11 am PT ...
We all knew the truth , we just could n't prove it .
This took place under the Clinton 's watch and I 'll be one of the first to say that is why Bill and Hillary were able to pull off their NH . hat trick .
Remember , Sen. Obama won in almost every hand - counted area and lost in almost every machine - counted one .
Her tears were just a head fake , to throw us off from the real deal .
Machine stolen votes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A blind person could see the fraud in this system .
The average American voter is too trusting in this broken system .
Just put the American flag in front of the polling place and we will believe anything .
Now what will we do to correct it ?
I 'm not voting again until these machines are destroyed and those responsible are prosecuted .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 8/25/2008 @ 5:42 am PT ...
You ca n’t tell the co-conspirators without a scorecard .
Connect the dots around these names , and you ’ll know who planned it , had foreknowledge of it , who had operational control , whose job it was to sell the public on an alternate reality , where your money and your freedom went , and why : A.B. “ Buzzy ” Krongard ; Abdullah Noman ; Abdussattar Shaikh ; Abraham Lowenthal ; Alan Makovsky ; Alex Diamandis ; Alvin K. Hellerstein ; Andrew Card ; Andrew Colsky ; Ari Fleischer ; Ariel Sharon ; Benjamin Chertoff ; Bernard Kerik ; Binyamin Netantahu ; Bob Graham ; Bush cousin ; Charles Thornton ; Colin Powell ; Dale Watson ; Daniel Kurtzer ; Daniel Lewin ; Daniel Pipes ; Dave Frasca ; David Frum ; David Makovsky ; David Rockefeller ; David Wurmser ; Dick Cheney ; Dominic Suter ; Donald Rumsfeld ; Douglas Feith ; Dov Zakheim ; Dror Levy ; Edward Luttwak ; Ehud “ Udi ” Mendelson ; Ehud Olmert ; Eliezer Tabibl ; Eliot Cohen ; Eliot Spitzer ; Elliott Abrams ; Elliott Broidy ; Eric Edelman ; Eric Findley ; Ezra Harel ; Frank Carlucci ; Frank Lowy ; Gene Corley ; Geoffrey Lambert ; George H.W. Bush ; George Tenet ; George W. Bush ; Hanane Sarfati/ Hanan Serfaty ; Harold Nelson ; Henry Kissinger ; Henry Shelton ; Howard “ Tzvi ” Friedman ; Howard Kohr ; Jack Abramoff ; Jacob “ Kobi ” Alexander ; James Baker ; James Schlesinger ; James Woolsey ; Jeb Bush ; Jerome Hauer ; John Ashcroft ; John Bolton ; John Brinkerhoff ; John Deutch ; John Gross ; John Howard ; John Lehman ; Jules Kroll ; Ken Melman ; Kenneth Adelman ; Kenneth R. Feinberg ; Kevin Delaney ; Larry Arnold ; Larry Franklin ; Larry Silverstein ; Leslie Gelb ; Lewis “ Scooter ” Libby ; Lewis E. Lehrman ; Lewis Eisenberg ; Loring Knoblauch ; Mahmoud Ahmad ; Marc Grossman ; Marc Rich ; Marion “ Spike ” Bowman ; Mark Loizeaux ; Marvin Bush ; Maurice Greenberg ; Maurice Sarfati / Moshe Tzorfati ; Meir Levy ; Mel Sembler ; Mete Sozen ; Michael Cherkasky ; Michael Chertoff ; Michael Mukasey ; Michael S. Goff ; Mickey Kantor ; Montague Winfield ; Monte Belger ; Morris Amitay ; Newt Gingrich ; Nicholas Rockefeller ; Oded Ellner ; Omer Marmari ; Paul Bremer ; Paul Kurzberg ; Paul Mlakar ; Peter Schoomaker ; Philip Zelikow ; Phillip Zack ; Porter Goss ; Ralph Eberhardt ; Ramon Gilsanz ; Randy Scheunemann ; Richard Armitage ; Richard Fishman ; Richard Haass ; Richard Holbrooke ; Richard Meyers ; Richard Miles ; Richard Perle ; Richard Tomasetti ; Robert McFarlane ; Robert Mueller ; Robert Zoellick ; Ronald Hamburger ; Ronald Lauder ; Rudie Dekkers ; Rudy Guiliani ; Rupert Murdoch ; Sam Miller ; Sam Zell ; Samual Anidjar ( Sayat on plane aka Mossad Agent ) ; Shabtai Shavit ; Shankar Nair ; Shaul Levy ; Silvio Berlusconi ; Sivan Kurzberg ; Stephen Lander ; Steve Goldsmith ; Ted Olson ; Theresa McAllister ; Thomas Dine ; Thomas Pickard ; Thomas White ; Tommy Franks ; Tommy Thompson ; Tony Blair ; Tony Gentry ; Victor Ganzi ; Wallace Hilliard ; Warren Buffett ; William Baker ; William Kristol ; Wirt Walker ; Yaron Shmuel ; Yisrael Ziv ; Yosef “ Yossi ” Kuperwasser
It ’s time to name names .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... plunger said on 8/25/2008 @ 5:45 am PT ...
Beware the Swiftboating of Exit Polls .
It 's next on the PNAC " to - do " list .
Agent Rove will take the lead .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/25/2008 @ 6:53 am PT ...
Brad sez " Does anybody care ? "
Watch this : " The Revolution will not be Televised , Fuck Fox News "
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 8/25/2008 @ 8:00 am PT ...
Hmmm ...
Just thinkin ... tee shirts BRAD TOLD YOU SO !!!
Voting Machines
Steal Elections . . .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 8/25/2008 @ 8:24 am PT ...
No electronic vote tabulation device can be validated .
A printer , well that 's different .
You can see the paper output .
You can drop that output into a pile of printed paper ballots and ensure public oversight .
While , back at the electronic signal level no public oversight will EVER BE POSSIBLE .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 8/25/2008 @ 8:32 am PT ...
Nope , Phil .
Remember , most folks ( 80 % according to studies ) do n't check their computer printed vote .
Of those who do check them ( as Rice University 's study showed last summer ) , two - thirds do n't notice vote flips on them .
Hand - marked paper ballots only , please .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... leftisbest said on 8/25/2008 @ 11:16 am PT ...
HERE'S THE REPUG GAME PLAN .
Get all the voting machine companies to admit they drop votes but it is too late to make the changes for the November election .
Then , if the Repugs lose big , as they should , they can scream bloody murder that the election cannot be verified and thus must be rejected .
Perhaps even to the extent that the current administration will have to stay in power until a new " improved , trustworthy " system can be devised .
And likely that will take years .
Fear not Americans , a " REAL " election will be held at some point before 2020 - the Repugs will tell us when it is safe to go back into the voting booth again .
Thank GOD they have our backs and are protecting us from those evil voting machine companies !!
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... mick said on 8/25/2008 @ 11:39 pm PT ...
HaY ... plunger , you forgot Tom Feeney ... whats with that ?
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 8/25/2008 @ 11:58 pm PT ...
So what is the answer for the disabled ?
( note that the following sentences / paragraphs are now out of logical sequence , because I had thoughts as I was replying and added and now can't get the whole thing to flow again .
It 's called rough draft brainstorming .
And no I do n't have time to fix it . )
I thought minimizing electronic devices to those that only print a paper ballot , and then only to be used " by the disabled " would be the route to go .
But if your saying no electronics at all ( which I do n't disagree with in theory ) how are the disabled to mark a ballot without causing the entire election to be compromised with unvalidatable electronic signals ?
And further , how do we stop the mentality of , " if it 's good enough for the disabled , it 's good enough for everybody . "
Which is basically where we are at now .
I remind everyone that I have suggested using some kind of glorified printer for the disabled for at least a year or so here .
I have n't heard a peep about that until just now .
What 's changed ?
Why would n't that be the best option to keep questionable votes to a minimum by only allowing access to such devices by those who truly need them .
Even a paper ballot is printed by some type of electronics .
If your able bodied , you fill out a paper ballot , if your not , you print your ballot on the spot .
What other way can it be done ?
Human assisted ?
e.g. a human physically assists them to mark a ballot ?
That 's gives up transparency , but in my opinion , it 's not my fault that the disabled were dealt the hand they were in life .
Where 's the middle ground ?
Or is it that because of the physical properties of electronics , there never can be any use for them ?
How did this work before electronic voting machines existed ?
Just asking .
As far as I am concerned , I would like the whole thing on paper , outdoors , in daylight , with no walls to hide boxes and stuff , and no electronic devices at all .
That being said , if I later in life become disabled , I too would have to give up transparency for the ability to vote .
To be honest I 'd rather have it that way , than to be forced to use a printer .
Currently there are less disabled people than there are able bodied .
That being the case , in my opinion accessibility is not an excuse for compromising an election by the introduction of electronics .
So how many percent of people are disabled ?
It 's obviously growing with this damn war .
Here 's another thought .
( to be fair , it 's just an idea do not get mad at me for thinking out loud )
If there 's no way for the disabled to mark a ballot , then perhaps they should n't vote at all .
The reasoning being , if the only way to allow them to vote is to introduce electronic signals which NO HUMAN can see .
There 's got to be some kind of logic .
Either we divide people up by groups , e.g. disabled , not disabled , or something , I do n't see how these two groups can't be separated as an issue .
One man has a problem , one does not .
Perhaps if your disabled you must vote at a specific location early .
Or perhaps the SOS itself makes a house visit .
I do n't know what the answer is , I do n't know everything , but I know that electronics in elections suck any way you slice it ; questions like these lead to other questions like , how does someone without a doctor prove they are disabled , and therefore need some kind ( seems nobody knows what kind ) of assistance ?
That heads down a really nasty road .
This should n't be that hard to figure out if we had some real leadership .
But to allow this crap to go on since the failure of the first election that used electronics is purely criminal .
Bottom line , if you want me to agree no electronics at all whatsoever .
( Which I would be more than happy to agree to ) What is to be done with the disabled ?
And what is to be done to the non disabled to stop them from creating a DoS voting event , while seeking fake help and running out of actual folks that can help ?
God this is worded like crap .
And I have a slight deja-vu on some of these questions / ideas , but have they really been completely thought out ?
If I do n't have a clear understanding of where we SHOULD be headed , then I can no longer help with election integrity .
If the printer idea is a half - ass half - measure that introduces so much crap problems into the loop , then what will be the non electronic replacement .
That NEEDS to be known .
Cause it would be simple for me to start saying no electronics , whatsoever .
I get it , I know the signals prevent oversight .
( sarcasm )
If we know the vote is flipped , why not just have it where the candidate that wins , is forced to be the looser ?
-- This stuff is so fucked up .
I know your busy with the thing in Colorado so I wo n't be upset , if you do n't respond .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 8/26/2008 @ 12:06 am PT ...
Furthermore , why the fuck were optical scan machines created in the first place ?
They have nothing to do with accessibility for the disabled .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 8/26/2008 @ 12:17 am PT ...
Another thought , if everybody signs on , or the majority signed on to the Creekside Declaration .
Is n't it way past the time to have a second meeting and hash out what a non electronic , public oversight election blueprint should actually be .
That way we all can have clarity and definition when these fucking Senators keep introducing this half ass legislation to half ass fix the problem that has gone on for far to many years .
It 's like I hear about serious discussion about voting , then the election goes away then nothing fucking happens .
Everyone goes back into there little caves and under their little rocks .
Then suddenly there 's another fucking emergency , and over - reaction , and under - studied crap take hold again .
Wash , Rinse , Repeat .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 8/26/2008 @ 12:24 am PT ...
One more thought ,
In California , we get mailed to us , something called a " Sample Ballot "
What if that was a REAL BALLOT ?
e.g. on election day you bring it in .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... michael said on 9/7/2008 @ 4:39 pm PT ...
Here in Califonia , they do mail you a real ballot .
All you need is to sign up for absentee voting .
But now they count these with Diebold optical scaM tabulators .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Cozmo said on 9/24/2008 @ 7:25 pm PT ...
Item posted by Markus Gothe < nihilus > on Tue 14 Oct 2008 03:22:57 AM UTC .
The third beta release of Gnash has just been made at version
0.8.4 . Gnash is a GPL'd SWF movie player and browser plugin for
Firefox , Mozilla , and Konqueror .
Gnash supports many SWF v7 features
and ActionScript 2 classes .
with growing support for SWF v8 and
v9 . Gnash also runs on many GNU / Linux distributions , embedded
GNU / Linux , FreeBSD , NetBSD , OpenBSD , non x86 processors , and 64 bit
architectures .
Ports to Darwin and Windows are in progress for a
future release .
The plugin works best with Firefox 1.0.4 or newer , and
should work in any Mozilla based browser using NPAPI .
There is also a
standalone player for GNOME or KDE based desktops .
Improvements since 0.8.3 release are :
* Keep Adobe happy with our users and our users happy with us by
changing " Flash player " into " SWF player " everywhere .
Adobe
claims " Flash " as a trademark and had asked a Linux distributor
to fix it .
* The popular SWF Twitter badge now renders correctly .
* Fix parsing of urls containing multiple question marks
* Fix support for movies embedding multiple sound streams
* Support for loading PNG and GIF images added .
* Improved rendering of SWF movies because of the less visible
changes listed below .
* Support for writing RGB / RGBA PNG images and JPEG images .
* Works with Potlatch OpenStreetMap editor
* New ' flvdumper ' utility for analyzing FLV video files .
* XPI packaging support for Mozilla & Firefox .
See the NEWS file for more improvements .
Gnash supports the majority of Flash opcodes up to SWF version 7 , and
a wide sampling of ActionScript 2 classes for SWF version 8.5 .
Flash
version 9 and ActionScript 3 support is being worked on .
All the
core ones are implemented , and many of the newer ones work , but may be
missing some of their methods .
If the browser only displays a blank
window , it is likely because of an unimplemented feature .
All
unimplemented opcodes and ActionScript classes and methods print a
warning when using -v with gnash or gprocessor .
Using gprocessor -v is
a quick way to see why a movie is n't playing correctly .
You can grab the Gnash sources from ftp://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/gnash/0.8.4 ,
or from Gnash Bzr from the branch .../ gnas-0.8.4 .
Binary packages for
Debian or RPM based systems will be available from your GNU / Linux
distribution , and from whatever BSD variant you are using .
Experimental
binary packages built by the Gnash team are also available at
http://www.getgnash.org, along with source snapshots .
Please
report packaging bugs upstream to your distribution .
If you think you
have found a bug in Gnash , then you should file as complete a report
as possible at https://savannah.gnu.org/bugs/?group=gnash.
Patches are
always preferred to bug reports , as this is a community project .
You
can submit patches at https://savannah.gnu.org/patch/?group=gnash, or
email them to gnash-dev@gnu.org .
Please include the operating system name and version , compiler
version , and which gnash version you are using , in your bug
reports .
For bugs in the plugin , please also add the browser and
it 's version .
Gnash does not support Firefox versions below 1.0.4 .
Questions about Gnash or offers of help can go to the developers email
list at gnash-dev@gnu.org .
b47a7ed4b7c66b8c2ebacc2286ef0d4b gnash-0.8.4.tar.bz2
3100e8d669795c03167a171937897c83 gnash-0.8.4.tar.gz
Moneygall has pulled out all the stops to bring " home " Barack Obama .
By Mark Simpson
BBC Ireland Correspondent
In the race to jump on the Obama bandwagon , the Irish have been quick off the mark .
Never mind the US President - elect 's 87 - year - old grandmother in Kenya , what about his great - great - great grandfather from Co Offaly ?
No sooner had the new president 's victory been confirmed , than he was being invited to visit by the Irish government , and to retrace his roots in the small village of Moneygall , on the road between Dublin and Limerick .
The village has a population of less than 300 and only has two pubs , but the locals reckon they could cope .
I 'm looking forward to going there and having a pint
President - elect Barack Obama
A welcome song has been written already .
The chorus goes : O'Leary , O'Reilly , O'Hare and O'Hara , there 's no -one as Irish as Barack Obama .
From the old Blarney stone , to the green hills of Tara , there 's no -one as Irish as Barack Obama .
For extra effect , when the song and lyrics appear on YouTube , an apostrophe magically appears to give O'Bama ( sic ) a more Irish feel .
So will the 44th President of the United States follow his immediate predecessors Bush and Clinton by visiting the Irish Republic ?
On the face of it , there 's very little chance of it happening .
By his own admission , he has quite enough on his plate with two wars , a global economic crisis and a planet in peril .
Shoemaker
But optimists will point to a comment Mr Obama made on the campaign trail .
Talking to ITN's Northern Ireland - born Washington correspondent John Irvine , Mr Obama put his hand on Irvine 's shoulder and said : " There 's a little village in Ireland where my great - great - great - great grandfather came from so I 'm looking forward to going there and having a pint . "
Before the Irish start rolling out the red carpet and putting up the red - white - and - blue bunting in Moneygall , this comment needs to be seen in context .
It was five - second soundbite , said with a smile during hundreds of hours of interviews on the campaign trail .
What 's more , Mr Obama got his Irish connection slightly wrong - it was his great - great - great - grandfather rather than his great - great - great - great - grandfather .
Locals celebrate in the Hayes pub .
So what is the family link ?
A Moneygall shoemaker called Fulmouth Kearney is Mr Obama 's great - great - great grandfather .
He emigrated to the US in 1850 at the tender age of 20 .
He married Ohio - born Charlotte Holloway .
They had eight children and so began the American family tree which culminated with Ann Dunham marrying Kenyan - born Barack Hussein Obama Snr , and the birth of Barack Jnr on 4 August 1961 .
The Irish connection may be a distant - distant - distant one , but it did n't stop residents of Moneygall celebrating this week 's US election result with a party at Hayes pub , and pouring a special pint in honour of their famous " son " .
One of the local businesses already advertises itself as based in " the ancestral home of Barack Obama " .
The village is reporting a flickering of interest from American tourists , with a couple from Indianapolis persuaded to interrupt a holiday in Limerick with an hour - long trip north to Moneygall .
Ian and Christy Walker told the Irish Times : " We went down to breakfast and the hostess said : ' Do you realise that Obama has Irish roots ? '
So we had to come to Moneygall . "
We went down to breakfast and the hostess said ' Do you realise that Obama has Irish roots
Ian and Christy Walker
Tourists from Indianapolis
They were the first , but they probably wo n't be the last post-election visitors .
And if the dollars keep coming , Moneygall will live up to its name .
Ireland is more than 3,000 miles from the White House but there is a long - standing presidential appeal .
John F Kennedy came to visit in 1963 , Ronald Reagan came in 1984 , while Bill Clinton made three trips and George Bush came in 2004 .
Between them , Mr Bush and Mr Clinton made four presidential visits to Northern Ireland , largely because of their involvement in the peace process .
How much attention Barack Obama pays to Northern Ireland will become clear on 17 March when , by tradition , he marks St Patrick 's Day at the White House .
Mr Clinton used to throw a big party .
Under Mr Bush , the occasion was always a more sober affair .
Given his mounting in - tray , Mr Obama may be too busy to do anything .
He is , we are told , a serious man for serious times .
But if things settle down in the Oval Office , there is a pint waiting for him on the bar at Hayes pub in Moneygall , and it 's already getting warm .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This competition has now ended .
Thanks for all those who participated to the survey .
TechRadar
Pro wants to find out more about the computing habits of our readers .
So we ’ve concocted this simple survey asking a couple of questions about your PC and smartphone ( yes , the latter is a computer too , albeit a pocket - sized one ) .
In return for your considered responses , we ’re giving you the chance to win a fantastic technology bundle worth more than £ 1,000 , consisting of the following :
To enter the competition and gain the chance of winning this not - so - little lot , all you need to do is answer the survey below :
Terms and conditions
By taking part in this competition , you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions below , as well as the Competition Rules
The competition will take place between 23/03/2017 and 06/04/2017 .
It is open to UK residents over the age of 18 .
Readers outside the UK can participate but will not be included in the draw
The prize winner will be chosen at random .
Our decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into
There will be one ( 1 ) prize , details of which will be announced on 13/04/2017 .
The competition closes on the 6/04/2017 ( entries made after 3 pm on that day may not be counted ) .
There is no cash alternative
Note that some of the giveaway items are review samples and might have missing accessories , boxes and the odd scratch on them .
Also check out :
[ Note : This is the 2nd article in the series How to Make Your Dreams a Reality . ]
I ’ve wasted a lot of time in my life doing what works .
I ca n’t count how many times I ’ve used this excuse to stall pursuing my dreams .
I went to college because that ’s just “ what works . ”
I go to a job and sit in a cubicle for 8 hours a day because “ it works . ”
I do n’t work on the weekends because I feel I need to reward myself for a week ’s worth of drudgery .
I have to say … “ it just works . ”
I do the expected things .
I try to make art because I ’m supposed to be creative .
I read because I ’m supposed to learn .
I dress a certain way because I ’m supposed to be cool .
It ’s not working .
I ’ve previously written a lot about the importance of following your own path and not living life based on a template .
The truth is , it ’s damn hard not to .
The few of us renegades that have evolved past living based on conventions and social norms are trying to keep our heads above water .
But the mainstream , the sea of “ what works , ” seems to keep pulling us back under .
The mainstream is n’t working for me ( in fact , I ca n’t remember a time it did ) .
Common sense is n’t working for me anymore either .
I do n’t need to do things that are common .
I do n’t need to do things that make sense to other people .
I do n’t need to go with the grain .
I do n’t need to take the path of the most resistance .
I do n’t need to follow the leader .
I need to follow myself .
Doing what works is killing our dreams because we have this expectation to follow a pre-planned life .
All throughout our schooling we ’re taught the same things .
We ’re given a template for life that just does n’t match up with what we really want .
It does n’t match because it ’s a template .
We may never find the job of our dreams .
We may never find anyone who can answer our deepest questions about life .
We may never have anyone show us how to live the lives we imagine .
We wo n’t find it because it ’s not us .
The only one who can answer those questions is really ourselves .
So if we want to make our dreams a reality , we have to stop doing what works .
We have to abandon the mainstream and embrace the unstream .
This means that we have to :
Take risks and possibly make a fool out of ourself once or twice ( or 200 times ) .
Make things up as we go along and generally have no idea what how we ’ll get to where we want to go .
We just know that we ca n’t settle for anything else .
Listen to our hearts .
See with our hearts .
Feel with our minds .
All of this is hard because it ’s so easy to do what works .
It ’s so easy to follow the path that ’s already been paved .
It ’s not as easy to do what ’s never been done .
It ’s not as easy to follow your dream of becoming a blogging entrepreneur on collectible 16th century mushroom lamps when no one else has ever done it .
It ’s not as easy to create a job for yourself , when you could just as easily fill out an application for one that already exists .
So if you want to make your dreams a reality .
You ’re going to have accept the fact that you ’re going to have to be your own boss .
Instead of following the rules , you make up your own rules .
Following the unstream
This past February I started this blog .
I did n’t know what I was doing .
I had experience as a web designer , but I barely knew what a blog was .
I found a lot of hype online about making money from blogs and I got excited .
I thought that maybe this would be my ticket out from the 9 - 5 grind .
Then I got a reality check .
I found that most blogs never make any money .
Even more discouraging was the discovery that most blogs that make money , are about how to make money online !
People are willing to pay money to learn how to make money .
But people are n’t as willing to pay for information on a blog .
That ’s why it ’s a blog .
It ’s supposed to be free , right ?
I realize that in order to make a living blogging , it takes a long term investment .
It also takes a willingness to accept a lot of strange looks when you tell people you ’re trying to start a business blogging .
People will doubt you .
They ’ll think you ’re crazy .
They ’ll tell you that you do n’t know what you ’re doing .
And you know what ?
You probably do n’t know what you ’re doing .
I did n’t .
I still do n’t .
Life is a messy business and trying to have everything figured out in advance is likely to bring more stress than it relieves .
Knowing what your doing has to no longer be a determining factor in the pursuit of your dreams .
I do n’t know what I ’m doing .
All I know is that I ’m not doing “ what works ” anymore .
I ’m doing what works for me .
I ’m following my own heart , my own path to happiness , wherever that may lead me .
I ’m trying my hardest to overcome the voice of practicality .
It ’s difficult sometimes going to a 9 to 5 and running this blog at the same time .
But I would rather be doing that , not knowing when my dreams will be realized than accept just doing what works .
If you ’re off the beaten path , you may be lonely .
But that ’s a good thing .
Because when you know you ’re treading uncharted waters , you ’re following the compass of your heart .
For more ways to not kill your dreams , join our tribe now :
Sharing is caring !
Ancient woodland in Britain is being felled at a rate even faster than the Amazon rainforest , according to new research today .
It shows that almost half of all woods in the UK that are more than 400 years old have been lost in the past 80 years and more than 600 ancient woods are now threatened by new roads , electricity pylons , housing , and airport expansion .
The report from the Woodland Trust comes as the government prepares to sign a compulsory purchase order to buy several acres of Two Mile Wood outside Weymouth to build a bypass .
This remnant of ancient forest , known for its association with Thomas Hardy , is one of Britain 's finest bluebell woods and is full of old beech , oak and hornbeam trees .
" Ancient woodland , designated as over 400 years old in England , is the UK 's equivalent of rainforest .
It is irreplaceable , " said Ed Pomfret , campaigns director of the trust .
" It 's our most valuable space for wildlife , and home to rare and threatened species .
Once these woods have gone , they will never come back .
They are historical treasure troves . "
Species such as the willow tit , marsh tit , barbastelle bat , Bechstein 's bat , pearl - bordered fritillary butterfly and dormouse all rely on ancient woodland to survive .
The rate at which the UK has lost ancient woodland is one of the fastest in the world and compares unfavourably with the Amazon .
Studies suggest that the Amazon has lost 15 % of its area in the past 30 years and perhaps just 2 % before that in the previous several thousand years .
Pomfret appealed to government for better protection of the remaining woods .
" If these woods were buildings they would be protected to the highest grading .
But natural heritage is not afforded the same importance , despite the fact many ancient woodland sites date back far beyond that of the built environment , " he said .
Many of the woods are designated for their scientific and conservation importance but this does not guarantee protection .
Nearly 85 % of ancient woodland , including five of the 12 largest woods in England , has no designation at all .
For those that are protected , " loopholes in the planning system allow this protection to be overridden if a developer can prove an economic need , " said Pomfret .
The report says that in the last decade 100 square miles ( 26,000 hectares ) of ancient woodland in the UK has come under threat , equivalent to an area the size of Birmingham .
But pressure on the habitat is now growing said Pomfret .
Overall , only 1,193 square miles ( 308,000 hectares ) of ancient woodland survive in Britain .
Few are larger than 50 acres and only 14 woods are larger than 740 acres .
Most have been continuously managed by humans for hundreds if not thousands of years .
Nearly half of the threatened woods are in the south - east , with more than 30 in East Sussex .
There are 243 are threatened by road schemes , 216 by power lines , 106 by housing , 61 by quarrying and 45 by airport expansion .
The trust believes there could be many more ancient woods under threat than their research suggests , and is appealing to the public to help identify them .
" We can't rely on any official body to help us .
We need eyes and ears for woodland to help stop ancient woodland destruction on our doorsteps , " said Pomfret .
" The pressure on these very valuable woods is great , but there are major restoration programmes taking place .
We are encouraging the Forestry Commission and private owners to protect them , but we are aware that planning authorities still take other things into account when deciding on developments , " said Keith Kirby , chief forestry officer at Natural England , the government conservation advisers .
The threats posed to the UK 's ancient woodland
Aberdeen Western Bypass : Fifteen ancient woods at risk of damage by a new dual carriageway around Aberdeen .
Currently at public inquiry stage .
Weymouth relief road : Two Mile Coppice ancient woodland would be partly destroyed by this road expansion linking Weymouth to Dorchester .
The Woodland Trust , and other bodies , fought this case at public inquiry .
Lake Wood , Uckfield , East Sussex : Lake Wood is threatened by local council application for 750 houses .
The planning application was rejected , the developers appealed and the result of a public inquiry is expected shortly .
Bramley Frith Wood , Hampshire : The National Grid wanted to expand its existing electricity sub-station into this wood , which is hugely valuable for wildlife and used to have an education centre where nationally important research on dormice was undertaken .
The Woodland Trust opposed this and even took the government 's biodiversity advisers to court to try to overturn the decision but National Grid is now pressing ahead .
Stansted airport , Essex : BAA is planning a new runway which would destroy five ancient woods and damage many more .
They have submitted a planning application and the case will be considered at a public inquiry next year .
Horton wood , West Sussex : Threatened by a landfill site which wants to expand .
The planning application is being decided without an environmental impact assessment .
XMPP Microblogging
Thoughts
September 10 , 2008
Those of us in the XMPP community have touted the benefits of our protocol for microblogging for some time .
Even before Identi.ca and Laconica , Peter Saint - Andre and Joe Hildebrand drafted a basic microblogging XEP .
Microblogging looks a lot like an impromptu Multi - User Chat and it is clearly a Publish - Subscribe based service .
With XMPP you get federation for free ; there is no need for a specification on how microblogging sites communicate with each other .
So why has n’t XMPP made inroads in this space ?
I ’m unsure why so many microblogging attempts have ignored XMPP thus far .
Perhaps in everyone ’s rush to copy or fix Twitter , no one bothered to research alternative architectures .
I imagine many developers are reluctant to step outside their comfort zone of pre-made libraries for their favorite Web development stack .
After many incompatible implementations of microblogging , the only place we see XMPP is in naive bots that can publish and deliver updates in real time using a standard XMPP client .
: EXTENDED :
Basic Benefits Of XMPP
Stefan enumerated some of the benefits that microblogging built on XMPP would have : real time communication , elimination of polling , scalability , and federation .
I ’ve written about the importance of real time for microblogging before .
I do n’t think anyone anticipated that the XMPP interface to Twitter would be so popular as to run into scaling problems .
The fact that many Twitter users are using custom clients that try to hide the latency is proof that real time matters to them .
Providing low latency HTTP APIs requires ridiculous amounts of polling or HTTP callbacks .
The polling can be minimized by clever representations .
Callbacks do n’t work well on a NATed Internet .
XMPP and its PubSub extension solves these problems .
It provides near real time performance with very little overhead as this was its original design intention .
The ‘ presence ’ mentioned in every XMPP document is just a short word for Twitter ’s catch phrase “ What are you doing ? ” .
XMPP scales well , for a number of reasons .
First of all , it is federated .
It is not possible to host the entire world ’s microblogging on a single service .
XMPP let ’s services interoperate which allows microblogging to be distributed in a natural way .
There is no doubt that the Web and E- mail are quite scalable technologies , and their brilliant design has inspired XMPP .
Second , PubSub eliminates the need for constant polling , and this drastically reduces the load on the server .
Things like Twitter clients hammering on the HTTP API and FriendFeed trying to keep track of its users are generating millions of unnecessary polling requests .
While these can be optimized ( see SUP and the previously mentioned article on better representations ) , the closer to real time you get , the less tenable polling becomes .
Push is very efficient at extremely low latencies , and has room still for optimization .
XMPP Is Even Better
There are a lot of clever clients for Twitter and interesting mashups of the service .
An XMPP based microblogging site could benefit in similar ways .
Right now we are only scratching the surface of what is possible in this space .
Twitter started to get interesting with its track command and real time search service .
It ’s easy to imagine the Identi.ca XMPP bots getting more sophisticated with the ability to subscribe to users or create ad - hoc searches , but even this is only a beginning .
When XMPP is the API of microblogging , unimagined potential will be unleashed , which clever developers will be quick to make use of .
It may be that XMPP based microblogging takes the standard IM client we are all used to into new directions , the same way that clever use of AJAX has changed the Web browser .
Just think of what great things developers will do with the extensibility of XMPP .
No longer would they have to wait for Twitter or Identi.ca to implement ideas like hash tags .
They could extend the protocol with their own creations just by publishing in a new namespace ; the service would n’t care because this is the normal behavior of the XMPP protocol .
It makes me excited just thinking about it .
XMPP ’s Drawbacks
The world of XMPP is not perfect .
The XMPP servers and clients are young and growing , and this can cause some problems .
The XMPP protocol is also alien to a world that has grown up on HTTP .
Better and more mature code as well as improved documentation will remedy much of this problem .
As XMPP gains importance in the world , more people will learn and understand it and transfer their knowledge to others .
It was n’t that long ago that developing Web applications was arcane , and it wo n’t be long before developing XMPP applications is common .
We are seeing this already with Gnip , Yammer , and Chesspark .
Unlike the polling limitations of HTTP , these XMPP flaws are temporary and correctible .
We may yet discover new flaws , but the community behind XMPP is quite clever , and I ’m sure they will handle these just fine , just as the HTTP community improved their protocol as issues were discovered .
Protocols Live Together
XMPP and HTTP are n’t mutually exclusive .
They solve different problems and they work quite well together .
I ’m not advocating that HTTP be completely removed from microblogging .
There are several areas where it is exactly right .
You would n’t want to replace the experience of browsing around looking for interesting people with XMPP .
The Web has already solved this quite well , and XMPP strengths do not add much value here .
Maybe this will change as people do more interesting things with XMPP .
Many devices wo n’t speak XMPP for some time , and the Web is ubiquitous .
HTTP will be needed to bridge this gap for the foreseeable future .
The Web is also a very convenient interface for experimentation and visualization , and I expect new ideas will continue to be prototyped there even if they are built on top of XMPP APIs .
“ Let ’s Do It ”
Stefan has the right attitude .
We should not wait for the world to discover how great XMPP is for microblogging .
We should advocate our technology to those building new services and start building our own experiments .
It seems to me that microblogging could be the killer app for XMPP .
This is the front of the 1979 GAO report .
Click for larger image .
U.S. GENERAL ACCOUNTING OFFICE
WASHINGTON , D.C. 20548
FOR RELEASE ON DELIVERY
Expected at 9:30 a.m .
Monday , March 26 , 1979
STATEMENT OF
J. DEXTER PEACH
DIRECTOR , ENERGY AND MINERALS DIVISION
BEFORE THE
SUBCOMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND POWER
OF THE
HOUSE COMMITTEE ON INTERSTATE AND FOREIGN COMMERCE
ON STANDBY ENERGY CONSERVATION AND RATIONING PLANS
Mr. Chairman and Members of the Subcommittee :
We welcome the opportunity to be here today .
Our testimony today is based on
-- the results of GAO work over the last two to three years in the energy conservation area as summarized in our recent report to Congressional Committee and Subcommittee Chairmen having responsibilities over energy programs ( EMD - 79 - 34 ) ,
-- some observations included in our recent report on the energy and economic effects of ' the Iranian oil shortfall ( EMD - 79 - 38 ) and ,
-- the results of our initial analysis of the energy conservation contingency plans and gasoline rationing plan submitted to the Congress on March 1 by the Department of Energy ( DOE ) .
LACK OF NATIONAL ENERGY CONSERVATION PROGRAM
Before discussing the conservation contingency and gasoline rationing plans , let me spend a few moments addressing the Nation 's continuing reluctance to develop an effective energy conservation strategy .
Our reliance on crude oil imports has increased substantially in recent years and could reach 12 or 13 million barrels per day ( B/ D ) by 1985 .
The current Iranian oil situation , which once again has jarred our complacency , is still only one of a series of events which underscores the importance of moving forward in the energy conservation area .
The world is likely to continue to experience periods of tight supply and upward pressure on prices in the next few years .
The time is approaching when crude oil production capabilities will peak .
While we now are faced with the need for quick actions to meet the problems created by the Iranian oil shortfall , we also must face up to the reality that we cannot continue to rely on short - term crisis management in the energy area and that now is the time to get our energy conservation act together .
We believe a strong , coordinated national energy conservation program cannot only mitigate the adverse impacts of future Iranian - type situations , but more importantly it would reduce the likelihood of oil embargoes being used as a weapon against the United States .
Further , a strong conservation program is also needed to allow an orderly transition to renewable resources .
Our February 13 , 1979 , letter to the Chairmen of Energy - Related Committees and Subcommittees highlighted the following three overriding problems which , in our opinion , must be solved before the Nation will achieve any significant level of energy conservation :
-- A lack of specific planning and direction from the Government in the energy conservation area .
In our June 30 , 1978 report ( EMD - 78 -38 ) , we concluded that the Federal Government had not developed an overall energy conservation strategy for the Nation .
While DOE generally agreed with our position , no strategy has been forthcoming .
-- The absence of an aggressive , coordinated effort by the Government to conserve energy in its own operations and facilities .
We have issued a series of reports on various Federal in - house conservation programs which show the lack of commitment by the Administration to aggressively pursue energy conservation within the Federal Government .
-- The failure to develop , and have approved by the Congress , emergency energy conservation and gasoline rationing plans .
While the Administration submitted such plans earlier this month , it took over 3 years to develop them .
We are concerned with the Administration 's apparent failure to place any level of priority on the development of the contingency plans .
As we pointed out in our earlier Iranian report , while we may be able to manage with the loss of Iranian oil production , there is virtually no more slack left in the system .
The loss of any other major oil supplies could be devastating , particularly in view of the state of our preparedness to deal with supply interruptions .
Recent events regarding the Iranian situation illustrates this point .
The U.S. has commited itself to reduce oil consumption this year by five percent , or about one million barrels of oil per day , as part of the International Energy Agency 's response to the Iranian oil situation .
But , there was no plan in place to achieve such a reduction .
At this point , a wide range of possible actions are being considered .
We were not able to obtain , from DOE , information on the specific proposals being considered because they are under consideration by the White House .
Thus , we cannot respond to your specific request to comment on how DOE will manage the five percent cutback .
In our earlier report , however , we did comment on a number of possible actions which may be implemented including voluntary energy conservation measures as well as a number of actions designed to substitute coal , natural gas , and nuclear power for crude oil .
Based on the information which has been available , we have reservations about the likelihood of achieving the energy savings which DOE has estimated for voluntary energy conservation .
In addition , the possible fuel substitution measures being considered will require that many institutional and administrative barriers be overcome , which likely would limit this contribution for the next 6 to 9 months .
( Attachment I contains a more detailed discussion . )
While we certainly would not play down the efforts needed to meet this current contingency , the fact remains that there are no DOE plans which could be implemented quickly if this country or our allies should suffer further supply interruptions .
While we must deal with the current crisis , over the longer term emergency planning efforts should be focusing on the question of " What actions could be undertaken to deal with various levels of supply shortfall such as a loss of Saudi Arabian oil , or a loss of all OPEC oil ? "
The Nation cannot afford to be ill - prepared in the face of these potential threats .
STANDBY ENERGY CONSERVATION AND RATIONING PLANS
The Energy Policy and Conservation Act ( EPCA ) required DOE to prepare , for the Congress ' approval by June 1976 , standby energy conservation plans and a standby gasoline rationing plan .
Once approved by the Congress , these plans would be available for implementation during a severe energy supply disruption or to fulfill U.S. obligations under the International Energy Program whereby member nations have agreed to share the burden of a future embargo or shortage situation .
The standby conservation plans finally submitted by DOE to Congress on March 1 consist of the following three measures :
-- Weekend gasoline sales restrictions .
-- Building temperature restrictions .
-- Advertising lighting restrictions .
DOE estimates the total oil savings from these three measures to be 610,000 B/D .
To implement and enforce these measures for a 9 - month period would cost the Government about $ 16.4 million .
Our analysis of these three proposed measures indicates that while the plans have the potential for helping manage a future petroleum shortage , the extent to which the plans are enforceable or will achieve the level of savings DOE predicts is unclear .
Also , implementation of the plans likely would impact adversely on certain industries .
( Detailed comments on these plans are included as Attachment II . )
Regarding the proposed gasoline rationing plan , DOE recognizes , and we concur , that rationing is a very expensive measure to be used only in an extreme gasoline shortage .
There is no such thing as a " perfect " rationing plan , as tradeoffs must be made to balance off ( 1 ) equity and ( 2 ) administrative workability and costs of implementation .
In essence , rationing would be a $ 2 billion program designed to reduce long waiting lines at gasoline stations .
It would not result in any gasoline savings , but would simply allocate available supplies among end users .
In its development of the plan , DOE has , in several instances , decided on provisions which are easier and less costly to administer over alternatives which might result in more equitable distribution of ration allotments .
DOE is relying on the " white market " to correct any imbalances that may occur .
Two instances which stimulated a number of adverse comments during the public comment period pertain to
-- making gasoline available for commercial use , and
-- matching up ration allotments and physical supplies of gasoline in all States .
Changes DOE made from an earlier version of the plan will result in commercial firms as a whole receiving fewer ration allotments than under the previous version .
Public comments received on the provision strongly opposed the change , and DOE recognizes that firms will end up purchasing over $ 12 billion of additional ration allotments on the " white market . "
However , DOE believes the plan will be significantly easier and cheaper to administer .
DOE is aiso relying on the " white market " to match up the physical supplies of gasoline with ration allotments in all States .
Because DOE plans to issue ration allotments based on a nationwide average , but will initially distribute supplies of gasoline based on historical State usage , nine States will initially receive ration allotments 10 percent or more higher than their supplies of gasoline , while 10 States will receive initial supplies of gasoline 10 percent or more higher than their ration allotments .
The " white market " , however , will be a costly program for drivers in certain States .
Drivers in States with historically higher than average gasoline consumption will purchase excess ration allotments at $ 1.22 per gallon from drivers in States with lower than average consumption rates .
Questions of equity are raised here , since 11 States would each have to pay out $ 10 million a month or more to maintain their gasoline usage at 20 percent less than normal , while 10 States could cut their consumption by 20 percent and still be recipients of over $ 10 million a month from sales of excess allotments .
DOE recognizes these potential imbalances , but believes that trying to correct them would place a much greater administrative burden on DOE and make the rationing plan more complicated and expensive .
Another provision in the plan pertains to the manner in which DOE will distribute ration coupons to the public .
Earlier work by us revealed problems with DOE 's plan to primarily rely on financial institutions for issuing coupons to the public .
The current plan has little discussion of this very important aspect of the plan .
( Detailed comments are included in Attachment III . )
Overall , we are concerned with the lack of priority DOE has attached to the completion of the standby conservation and rationing plans .
While changes have been made in the rationing plan DOE inherited in January 1977 from the previous Administration , we question whether over 2 years were needed to accomplish the changes .
The conservation plans have remained essentially unchanged since 1977 , except for some additional energy and economic analyses accompanying the plans .
Once the rationing plan is approved by the Congress , at least 6 - 8 months more work will be needed for further development .
DOE 's past record of slippage does not speak well for the degree of priority we can expect to be awarded completion of work on the rationing plan if the Iranian situation should ease .
Mr. Chairman , this concludes our statement .
We will be happy to answer any questions the Subcommittee miqht have .
Attachments I , II , and III are omitted , but can be reviewed on a PDF in the original document , found here .
One part of Attachment of III is of particular note .
It is called
Alternatives to Rationing
DOE , in a section on alternatives to rationing in its regulatory analysis of the plan , briefly discussed the concept of a gasoline excise tax .
The excise tax would raise the price of gasoline to the market - clearing level , thus balancing supply and demand .
The proceeds from the tax would be rebated to consumers to offset the burden of the tax .
According to DOE the excise tax could be achieved with much less administrative complexity than a rationing plan .
As a result , an excise tax would be implemented more quickly , would cost less , and would require fewer personnel to administer .
DOE has not pursued the idea of an excise tax further because the EPCA explicitly precluded any plan from imposing a tax .
( emphasis mine )
It 's made out of polycarbonate material lighter than most aluminium or wood canoes , weighs only 40 lbs. , and this transparent canoe provides 100 % visibility .
Comes with a price tag of $ 1,475 .
City Of Light
the dramatization of a 1901 technological revolution
“ The generators gleamed black in the sunlight that poured through the long , arched windows of Thomas Sinclair ’s cathedral of power . ”
City of Light author , Lauren Belfer , blends fiction with the facts of a technological revolution and combines it with mysterious murder and romance in a way that has made it one of my favorite novels .
In 1901 the city of Buffalo , New York hosted the Pan American Exposition which featured dazzling displays of electric light that certainly had to inspire awe in its visitors .
Beyond this visual show was an equally significant development of the mechanical benefits that electricity would offer in terms of reducing manual labor and increasing industrial productivity .
Human standards of living would be raised , and all of this promise was being celebrated with great enthusiasm .
It was also being noticed - and coveted - by the financial barons of that time who could clearly see the wealth and power it could bring them , and would let little stand in their way .
These ingredients were masterfully used by the author , who graciously agreed to answer some of my questions that have been lingering since reading the novel .
It ’s always interesting to wonder what seed a story started from .
Did you choose the emerging power industry as a backdrop for your story or did your interest for a story begin with it ?
I grew up in Buffalo in the 1960s and 1970s , during an era of economic depression .
All my friends and I could talk about was when , and how , we were going to leave the Niagara Frontier .
Apart from our families and friends , we did n’t find anything to value in the city or in its history , nor had we been educated about the city ’s extraordinary history .
Years later , when I happened to be in Buffalo to visit my parents , I wandered into an exhibit at the Buffalo Historical Society .
This exhibit was about the city ’s glory days in 1901 , and it included photographs and other materials relating to the development of hydroelectric power at Niagara Falls .
The exhibit hit me with the force of a revelation – I ’d never known about Buffalo ’s position of prominence at the turn of the last century , or about the astonishing technological advances made at nearby Niagara Falls .
That very day , I decided to write a novel about my much - maligned hometown during its brief and remarkable period of national preeminence .
The city ’s unique position as a recipient of Niagara ’s electrical power was crucial to the city ’s prosperity in 1901 .
Thus from the beginning , when I first began to sketch out the plot for " City of Light , " I created characters and incidents that involved the power industry , so that I could show how pivotal the industry was in Buffalo ’s , and the nation ’s , history .
The main character of your story was a woman named Louisa Barrett .
She was intelligent , and for the most part self - confident , but you also gave her a very vulnerable quality that constantly struggled inside against the dilemmas of a rapidly changing world .
Do you imagine our current revolution of information technology causing similar struggles in the people involved in it ?
Yes , absolutely .
As I wrote " City of Light , " I was very aware of the comparison between the electrical revolution and the information - technology revolution of our own time .
When I write fiction , one of my goals is to portray the effect of changing technology on individual lives .
Louisa Barrett is taken aback when she first enters a home which has been electrified .
The light has a clarity that she never imagined possible .
Soon after , she learns about the new industries being developed at Niagara Falls , industries that are feasible only because of cheap and readily available electricity .
As a thinking person , she rightly ponders the benefits as well as the environmental repercussions of these new industries .
Nowadays , young people like my teenage son take computer technology for granted , but this is far from the case for older people like , for example , my mom , who after some months of confusion and hesitancy , now uses the internet every day , communicating with friends around the world and researching myriad questions that come up in the course of a day .
I also became interested in another element of technological revolution , one which is little recognized :
When America was initially electrified , nothing was standardized – for example , a socket or a bulb that worked in one part of New York City might not work ten blocks away .
This reminded me of the early days of the computer revolution , when multiple companies were competing with idiosyncratic hardware and software .
Nowadays , with the computer industry fairly standardized around Microsoft PCs and Apple Macs ( and these two becoming increasingly compatible ) , it ’s hard to remember the " old days " when floppy disks were large and floppy and computers from different manufacturers operated in quite different ways .
Similarly , it ’s hard to remember that the electrical industry , too , evolved from the idiosyncratic to the standardized , and that the standardization , probably as much as any other factor , allowed for the mass - electrification of the nation .
I remember years ago that many computer and internet users protested the dominance of Microsoft especially in the computer industry , but I wonder to what extent the standardization has allowed the technology to integrate itself into our lives in such a compelling way .
All too quickly , technological advances turn into the reliable background of our lives , and I have to think that standardization encourages this process .
I ’m still amazed when I see my son video - chatting with his friends on his Apple Mac -- but of course to him , this ability is very much business - as - usual , nothing special .
available from amazon.com
Although it ’s a novel there are many historically accurate details in it that show a tremendous amount of research effort .
Where did you start looking and where did you find the best answers ?
As I said earlier , I had the idea for the novel while I was visiting my parents in Buffalo .
When I returned home to New York , I wondered how I would be able to begin my research while living far away from Buffalo .
I immediately learned , however , that I had no reason to be concerned : the libraries in New York are filled with information about Buffalo and Niagara Falls , and particularly about the development of hydropower at Niagara Falls .
The easy availability of research materials brought an important realization : Buffalo and Niagara were so important a hundred years ago that of course New York City libraries came to be filled with information .
The electrical breakthroughs at Niagara were being funded by financiers based in New York City , and thousands of people were traveling to Buffalo for the Pan American Exposition .
The Niagara Frontier truly was among the most important places in America , and people everywhere , in America and around the world , wanted to know about it .
The Niagara Frontier had become the Silicon Valley of its day .
The novel took six years to research and write , and during that time I returned to Buffalo for several research trips .
In Buffalo , I was able to visit the sites that I was writing about , and this provided an extra measure of verisimilitude .
Although many of the places had changed considerably over the years , I was still able to use my imagination to figure out what they must have been like during the time that my characters knew them .
The people of Buffalo are unusually open and friendly , and more than once I simply knocked on the door of an old house , explained my research , and found myself welcomed and given a tour as if I were a family friend .
As you became involved in the research process did it reveal any elements that gave validity to Mark Twain ’s quote ; " Truth is stranger than fiction … " ?
I would approach the issue of truth vs. fiction from a different standpoint :
As I did my research , I was surprised over and over by the fact that crucial social and political issues of our day were also important in 1901 : women ’s rights , the rights of minorities , environmental protection , the personal morality of politicians – all these issues were debated in 1901 , much as they are debated today .
I found myself in an extremely familiar world , a world in which I felt comfortable and which I felt I understood .
The early part of the story involves the 1901 Pan-American Exposition .
It was n’t the first public display of electric lighting , but it certainly was spectacular and historically significant to the electrification of the United States and the world .
What did you imagine went through the minds of the thousands of visitors when they first saw the lighting displays at nighttime ?
Visitors came to the Pan - American Exposition literally from all over the world , and I believe the Pan - Am ’s electrical display filled them with awe .
Indeed , the Pan - Am ’s lighting display was beyond both expectation and imagining for the visitors of 1901 .
They must have taken this feeling of awe away with them , and yearned to bring the miracle of electricity to their hometowns .
The " cathedral of power " described in your story was a hydroelectric plant at Niagara Falls .
Most people today take electric power for granted and think of hydroelectric generation as very benign , if not environmentally friendly .
In your story , however , it becomes a very contentious issue between industrialists and preservationists who fight over the legal and ethical problems of using such a grand natural resource .
Did this have a historical basis from your research or did you create it to add additional dimension to the story ?
The fight to save Niagara Falls was the first environmental battle in America .
The industrialists were quite capable of shutting off the Falls by diverting all the water to power generation – and they would have , if not for the protests that finally spurred government intervention .
The battle for Niagara Falls was fought in large part , surprisingly , in the pages of the magazine " The Lady ’s Home Journal , " whose editor championed the preservation cause .
The fight was non-violent , however .
I added the element of violence to heighten the drama and to reveal all that was at stake for the future of the nation .
The power station in your story was based on the actual Adam ’s Power Station , built in 1895 from designs by Nicola Tesla , a very famous inventor .
Is his character hidden in the story somewhere ?
As far as I could learn , Tesla was not in Buffalo in 1901 , and I did n’t include him in the story .
By all accounts , he was quite an extravagant figure , brilliant and highly eccentric .
Portraying him in fiction would have been fun , but I simply could n’t find an opening for him .
Electrical power seems so fundamental to our lifestyles that it ’s hard to imagine it not existing for lack of any individuals or events .
Do you think the birth of this industry was brought by the industrialist ’s force of will or by its own inevitability ?
I think the triumph of electricity was a combination of industry will and inevitability .
Niagara Falls was n’t the only site of electrical development in America , but it was the most dramatic , both in terms of technological development and sheer physical monumentality .
From the time I began my research , I was fascinated by the fact that in Europe , electricity was considered a human right , like running water and sewage systems in a major city .
In America , however , electricity has always been a commodity , developed and sold for profit , revealing the predominance of industrialists in American culture .
Have you ever thought that you ’d like to see your novel made into a movie someday ?
I would be thrilled for " City of Light " to become a movie !
And of course I believe it would be a terrific movie .
How to skip the introduction of a Youtube video ?
To view directly a part of a video that you feel relevant to your visitors , or to skip an introduction that is too long and intrusive , a parameter must complete the code to embed provided by Youtube .
& start=a number of secondes
The number of seconds is displayed on the video panel .
This option must be added to both URLs , so that the complete reader has this form :
< object width = " 425 " height = " 344 " > < param name = " movie " value = " https://www.youtube.com/v/G4evlxq34og&hl=fr&fs=1&start=190 " > </ param > < param name= " allowFullScreen " value = " true " ></ param > < embed src= "
https://www.youtube.com/v/G4evlxq34og&hl=fr&fs=1&start=190 " type=" application / x-shockwave -flash " allowfullscreen =" true " width = " 425 " height = " 344 " > < /embed > </object >
Demonstration :
This demonstration gives explanation about a commercial exoskeleton that multiplies your force by 5 or allows disabled people to walk .
Consider the case where you do not want to embed the video in a page but put a link on the video instead , you have to options .
Use a parameter recognized by Youtube :
#t=3m20s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G4evlxq34og#t=3m20s
The parameter is a number of minutes followed by the m letter and a number of seconds followed by the s letter .
HAL - 5 , démonstration .
Update June 2011
Now is possible to display a menu with the right mouse button and to save the URL of the video with a starting time .
This tutorial is now deprecated for an URL , but it remains useful to know how to modify the starting time when the readed is embedded in the page .
Supporter outside McCain rally chants ' bomb Obama ' Nick Cargo and David Edwards
Published : Tuesday October 28 , 2008
Print This Email
This A demonstrator outside a McCain rally in Pottsville , Pennsylvania on Monday could be hearing from the Secret Service after his statements were filmed by Keystone Progress Blog .
" Bomb Obama ! " he said repeatedly .
" Get rid of him , " he told the cameraman .
" I 've had a number of people in the ... when he gets in the White House ...( mimicks the sound of a gun firing ) . "
The exchange was reported to Pottsville police and the Secret Service .
Pottsville Police Captain Richard Wojciechowsky reportedly said it " did not sound serious . "
" I 'd never vote for a black man , " said a Democratic McCain supporter .
" [ I do n't ] want to sound racist here , " said another participant , " but I do not want a black man running my country . "
" Catholics must not vote for Obama , " a protest sign read .
" They will be ex-communicated from the Catholic Church . "
Various rally participants , while waiting to greet Senator McCain 's " Straight Talk Express " tour bus , called Senator Obama a communist , claimed his stances and connections were " un-American , " and one said that Obama was born in Kenya .
( He was actually born in Hawaii . )
One referred to him as " President Hussein . "
The following video appears courtesy of KeystoneProgress.org , posted on October 28 , 2008 :
Download video via RawReplay.com
My female partner and I have been together for almost 28 years .
We raised the three children I adopted , but we are neither " domestic partners " nor do we plan on getting married any time soon .
I am also the only openly gay member of the city council for the California 's fifth largest city , Long Beach , and I authored a resolution which expresses the full city council 's opposition to Proposition 8 , a ballot measure that would prohibit same - sex couples from marrying in the state of California .
So how do I reconcile these obvious contradictions ?
Perfectly .
Because as an American I know that we take pride in having freed ourselves from a church state and intrusive government more than 200 years ago .
The founders of the United States struggled mightily with the question of whether " freedom of religion is compatible with order in government and obedience to the laws " and concluded , as Thomas Jefferson wrote in 1808 : " State churches that use government power to support themselves and force their views on persons of other faiths undermine all our civil rights . "
That the voters of California are only days away from possibly altering our state constitution to prohibit anyone but a man and a woman from marrying , thereby forcing a religious view into secular law , should strike observers as odd and un-American .
Proposition 8 is on the California ballot because the California supreme court recently overturned a 2000 state initiative that used the very language being proposed to be inserted in the constitution this November 4 .
The proposition and prior initiative state in deceptively simple language : " Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid and recognised in California . "
In May 2008 , the California supreme court struck down that language and ruled that the right to marry is a constitutional one and " has been recognised as one of the basic , inalienable civil rights guaranteed to an individual by the California constitution . …
We conclude that , under this state 's constitution , the constitutionally based right to marry properly must be understood to encompass the core set of basic substantive legal rights and attributes traditionally associated with marriage that are so integral to an individual 's liberty and personal autonomy that they may not be eliminated or abrogated by the legislature or by the electorate through the statutory initiative process . "
The court 's ruling made it clear that under the current California constitution , marriage could not be restricted to a union only between a man and a woman , which is the very reason proponents of Proposition 8 are now attempting to eliminate the " inalienable civil rights " of individuals to marry whom they choose to marry by altering the state constitution .
The supporters of Proposition 8 are in fact waging a vigorous campaign with the assistance ( financial and otherwise ) of religious organisations and are providing materials for church bulletins to remind their members that Proposition 8 " restores the definition of marriage .
God himself is the author of marriage .
Its meaning is written in the very nature of man and woman as they come from the hand of the Creator . "
These supporters also warn that without the passage of Proposition 8 " Californians will be forced to not just be tolerant of gay lifestyles , but face mandatory compliance regardless of their personal beliefs . "
The only problem is that Proposition 8 would actually do just that – force mandatory compliance of a religious belief " regardless of personal beliefs " .
Proposition 8 proponents note ( and I have to admit that I had agreed ) that California has provided same - sex couples with the right to enter into " domestic partnerships " for several years – affording them with most of the same rights as are conferred with " marriage " and there was no need to extend the right to marriage to same - sex couples .
However , the California supreme court 's ruling also addressed this issue and found that by assigning " a different name for the official family relationship of same - sex couples as contrasted with the name for the official family relationship of opposite - sex couples raises constitutional concerns not only under the state constitutional right to marry , but also under the state constitutional equal protection clause " .
Finally , the court found no " compelling state interest " in maintaining the definition of marriage as between one man and one woman in as much " permitting same - sex couples access to the designation of marriage will not deprive opposite - sex couples of any rights and will not alter the legal framework of the institution of marriage , because same - sex couples who choose to marry will be subject to the same obligations and duties that currently are imposed on married opposite - sex couples " .
As an attorney I found these legal arguments persuasive .
I just recently authored a book about the women who worked on the home front during the second world war so that this nation could defeat brutal dictators who viewed homosexuals , Jews and others as less than human .
For all these reasons , I cannot imagine anything so un-American as the taking away of " inalienable civil rights " and altering what constitutes " equal protection " in a state constitution on the basis of religious belief .
That 's why I am opposing Proposition 8 .
posted by on October 24 at 9:37 AM
As Towleroad reports , “ Anger management issues apparently run in the family .
John McCain ’s brother Joe placed a call to 911 earlier this week because he was stuck in traffic in Alexandria , Virginia . ”
Astounding news report , including the instigating 911 call and its bizarre follow - up calls , below .
It was just like old times this morning , as John McCain called into Don Imus 's show to mix it up .
Imus did n't press McCain like he has at times in the past , but the crusty talk show host did manage to elicit the feisty and sarcastic side of the GOP nominee .
Especially when defending Sarah Palin , McCain made clear what he thought of the critics :
They 're all elitists .
" My question is : What ’s their problem ? "
McCain asked before ticking off the Alaska governor 's policy and personal credentials .
He twice said : " I 'm amazed " and noted that he was " entertained at the elitist attitude . "
McCain dismissed Palin 's poor performance in her network interviews as only owing to " gotcha questions " ( included in this was what publications she read )
When Imus noted the political class 's view that a candidate had to survive Meet the Press with Tim Russert , McCain offered a mix of laughter and derision .
" Who said that ? " he shot back .
" That ’s hilarious -- that ’s hilarious . "
He added that he 's never had anybody show up at his events and ask : " ' Why has n’t she gone on Meet the Press ? ' "
Imus tried to continue but McCain interjected .
" That is very good , that is very good , Don .
And I ’ll bet ya that some of them will say that she ’s never been to a Georgetown cocktail party .
I 'll bet ya that say that , too ! "
( audio via Halperin )
comments closed
permalink
Though Sarah Palin 's artfully constructed image is of the consummate Washington outsider , this week 's issue of the New Yorker reports that from the moment she stepped foot in the Governor 's mansion in Juneau , she actively courted the attention of several conservative Washington insiders , including New York Times op - ed columnist William Kristol , Michael Gerson of the Weekly Standard , and Fox News commentator Fred Barnes .
They were her earliest cheerleaders , and I use that word because a friend of McCain 's tells the New Yorker 's Jane Mayer , " Kristol was out there shaking the pom-poms , " for Palin as Vice Presidential nominee from early on .
But that 's not the only coded language these Conservative queen - makers use in relation to Palin .
Kristol referred to her as " my heartthrob " on Fox News in July ; Barnes noted that she is " exceptionally pretty " ; Jay Nordlinger , a senior editor at the National Review , wrote in a column that Palin is " a former beauty - pageant contestant , and a real honey , too .
Am I allowed to say that ?
Probably not , but too bad . "
As many of her most ardent fans have noticed , Palin is a very attractive woman .
And noticing this would n't be bad — it would just be human — if it did n't seem that this is her main qualification in the eyes of even her most serious - minded supporters .
Kristol , Barnes and Gerson , in discussing why they were so initially enamored with the Governor of Alaska , mentioned her star power , her hockey mom biography , her charisma , and almost as an afterthought , her record as a " reformer , " which at this point has been pretty thoroughly debunked ( see her troopergate abuse of power and her bridge to nowhere fibs ) .
It is undeniable that conventional attractiveness , regardless of gender , is a large part of political success ; to deny this would be naive .
Do you think Barack Obama would have had his meteoric rise to power had he been fifty pounds overweight ?
Why do you think Mike Huckabee got his lap band , or Biden his hair plugs or Hillary Clinton or McCain their alleged Botox ?
However , while Obama 's looks , oratorial skills and biography , while certainly part of his packaging , are not the sole basis of his rise to prominence .
I spent the better part of yesterday thinking about Sarah Palin and what she means to women .
After my initial rage over the choice of a severely anti-choice , anti-intellectual , theocratic woman subsided , I have tried to think about the ways the choice of Palin could be construed as a positive .
She is a self - proclaimed feminist , and even though many people may think she does n't qualify as one , the mere fact that she embraces a term that so many young women shun is important .
I also decided that Palin 's prominence could be a boon for little girls .
Perhaps the next generation will be more inclined to join the political fray after seeing a woman so easily glide onto the Presidential ticket .
Then , last night , I read that John McCain announced on Fox News that he picked Palin , in part , as a counter to the " liberal feminist agenda , " and I found my first claim deflating .
McCain is trying to take a place of common ground that women might have with Palin — that we all call ourselves feminists — and make the word into something even more divisive than it already is .
I suppose in the Republican party there is only one proper way to be a feminist , and that 's to be pretty and pro-life .
This morning , I watched a few videos on Newsweek from the magazine 's Women In Leadership conference , and was struck by the comments of former Clinton press secretary Dee Dee Myers .
" As long as human beings are sexual , and as long as attraction remains one of the dynamics that define life , you 're never going to totally eliminate that .
What you can do , is , one , women have to be conscious of it , because if you do n't take it off the table , it becomes a distraction . "
Myers went on to talk about how Hillary Clinton purposely looked almost exactly the same every day — the same hairdo and pantsuits — so that people would not comment on her looks , they 'd talk about what she had to say .
When Palin winks and flirts with the audience during a debate and wears black , high - heeled patent leather boots to political rallies , it 's impossible not to notice these things , and it's also impossible to argue that these actions do n't become part of the conversation .
And this is what worries me about Palin 's legacy to young girls .
I do n't think we should ever require female politicians to be asexual or unfeminine .
The point of feminism is that you should be able to present yourself in whatever way you please along the spectrum .
However , if a male politician were winking and mugging at the camera the way that Palin does , I would find it equally unprofessional .
And I worry that when young women see Sarah Palin , they think , " I too can have a meteoric rise to power ... as long as I 'm also a beauty queen . "
" Women are judged more harshly if they 're not pretty , " Myers says in her Newsweek video .
" That 's something we 've all had to live with since junior high . "
Which is not to say that Palin does not possess other gifts .
I think she is incredibly ambitious and savvy , though these things are not part of her public persona .
She has always masked her ambition , something often seen as unfeminine , behind folksy talk and faux humility , like when she said , " I never really set out to be in public affairs , much less to run for this office . "
But Myers also notes that people are given genetic gifts unequally , and while Palin 's looks are an advantage for her , so were Bill Clinton 's charisma and Barack Obama 's intellect .
Again , this would not be a problem if Palin had the political knowledge to back up her very carefully constructed and gilded image .
Myers did say something heartening , though .
" One woman ca n't change a culture , but if there are more women there can be a critical mass .
If there 's only one woman , the culture changes the woman . "
I think Palin alone will not be able to personally change a generation of women .
But hopefully the combined impact of Clinton , Palin , Pelosi will inspire a critical mass .
The Insiders [ The New Yorker ] Among Rock - Ribbed Fans of Palin , Dudes Rule [ NYT ] McCain : Palin Is A Counter To The " Liberal Feminist Agenda " [ Feministing ] " Palin's Looks Do Help Her " [ Newsweek ] Earlier : Palin Dudes : " Proud To Be Voting For The Hot Chick "
Advertisement
Soldier who saved puppy from life of hardship in Iraq could see her dog executed by U.S. superiors
Young Ratchet could face the death - penalty by U.S. Army officials
A soldier who saved the life of a young puppy in Iraq and expected to bring him back home with her could see her dog executed by her U.S. superiors .
Sgt. Gwen Beberg befriended puppy Ratchet while serving in Iraq , and sent regular dispatches to her home in Minneapolis charting the dog's process , with 100s of fans tuning in on Facebook to follow the pup 's life .
But the U.S. military takes a strict line with soldiers befriending animals , and confiscated Ratchet as Sgt. Beberg prepared to fly home from Baghdad Airport at the weekend .
Now animal charity Operation Baghdad Pups , which has the motto ' No buddy gets left behind ' , is pleading with the U.S. Army to allow Ratchet to fly out of the country - amid fears the military will shoot the puppy in the head execution - style .
Sgt. Beberg 's mother Patricia said : ' This year has been extremely difficult on my daughter and her family .
It has been a year of disappointments , loneliness , and fear because of all the sacrifices the army has required of Gwen .
' Ratchet was the savior of her sanity .
Now they have cruelly ripped Ratchet away from her and sentenced him to death .
I do n't know how my daughter will cope .
Ratchet has been her lifeline .'
Sgt. Beberg is also under military investigation for befriending the dog that saved her life .
Most Internet users can't tell the difference between legitimate popup warnings on their computer screens and fake ones designed to trick people into downloading malware , according to a new North Carolina State University study .
And that 's even when warned not to click on suspicious - looking popups .
" This study demonstrates how easy it is to fool people on the Web , " said study co-author Michael Wogalter , professor of psychology at NC State , in a statement .
Then again , he said he was n't really sure how credible companies could come up with warnings that could n't be duplicated by malware purveyors .
The study involved undergraduate students , with legitimate popup messages simulating Windows OS warnings and the bogus ones coming from an outside source .
Some 63 % of participants clicked on fake popups during the study .
The study , titled " Failure to Recognize Fake Internet Popup Warning Messages , " was published in Proceedings of Human Factors and Ergonomics Society .
More must - reads from Bob Brown : * What " The Sopranos " taught me about technology ( plus our Sopranos tech quiz ) http://www.networkworld.com/news/2007/091307-sopranos-technology.html
http://www.networkworld.com/slideshows/2007/091307-sopranos-tech-quiz.html
* Behind the scenes of MIT 's network http://www.networkworld.com/news/2007/011907-mit-your-take.html?page=1 *
What makes Harvard 's net tick http://www.networkworld.com/news/2006/030606-harvard-net.html
*
The network industry 's most colorful story ever http://www.networkworld.com/news/2006/121806-network-industry-most-colorful-story.html
Making money , it seems , is all about the velocity of moving it around , so that it can exist in Hong Kong one moment and Wall Street a split second later .
“ The unlimited replication of information is generally a public good , ” George Dyson writes .
“ The problem starts , as the current crisis demonstrates , when unregulated replication is applied to money itself .
Highly complex computer - generated financial instruments ( known as derivatives ) are being produced , not from natural factors of production or other goods , but purely from other financial instruments . ”
It was easy enough for us humans to understand a stick or a dollar bill when it was backed by something tangible somewhere , but only computers can understand and derive a correlation structure from observed collateralized debt obligation tranche spreads .
Which leads us to the next question :
Just how much of the world ’s financial stability now lies in the “ hands ” of computerized trading algorithms ?

Here ’s a frightening party trick that I learned from the futurist Ray Kurzweil .
Read this excerpt and then I ’ll tell you who wrote it :
But we are suggesting neither that the human race would voluntarily turn power over to the machines nor that the machines would willfully seize power .
What we do suggest is that the human race might easily permit itself to drift into a position of such dependence on the machines that it would have no practical choice but to accept all of the machines ’ decisions .
...
Eventually a stage may be reached at which the decisions necessary to keep the system running will be so complex that human beings will be incapable of making them intelligently .
At that stage the machines will be in effective control .
People wo n’t be able to just turn the machines off , because they will be so dependent on them that turning them off would amount to suicide .
Brace yourself .
It comes from the Unabomber ’s manifesto .
Yes , Theodore Kaczynski was a homicidal psychopath and a paranoid kook , but he was also a bloodhound when it came to scenting all of the horrors technology holds in store for us .
Hence his mission to kill technologists before machines commenced what he believed would be their inevitable reign of terror .

We are living , we have long been told , in the Information Age .
Yet now we are faced with the sickening suspicion that technology has run ahead of us .
Man is a fire - stealing animal , and we ca n’t help building machines and machine intelligences , even if , from time to time , we use them not only to outsmart ourselves but to bring us right up to the doorstep of Doom .
We are still fearful , superstitious and all - too - human creatures .
At times , we forget the magnitude of the havoc we can wreak by off - loading our minds onto super - intelligent machines , that is , until they run away from us , like mad sorcerers ’ apprentices , and drag us up to the precipice for a look down into the abyss .
Here at Reality Base , we 've taken great pleasure in covering the irreligionist arguments of anti-theist writer Christopher Hitchens .
We 've also delved into the world of GOP VP nominee Sarah Palin , whose ruminations on science have been most ... interesting .
So when we saw that the former had taken on the latter today in Slate , on the subject of none other than science , we were about as thrilled as anyone with a 401 K could be these days .
Hitchens takes the well - heeled ( literally ) candidate to task for recently denouncing fruit - fly research as a wasteful and unnecessary — not to mention " un-American , " since some of the research took place in France — expense .
Fruit flies , or Drosophila , will likely ring a bell for most readers — as they should , since they 're one of the great laboratories of all genetics research .
As Hitchens points out , the fly can be easily grown in a lab and is a valuable research tool because it lives for a very short time , breeds vigorously , and displays plenty of genetic mutation in each generation .
He writes :
[ S] ince Gov. Palin was in Pittsburgh to talk about her signature " issue " of disability and special needs , she might even have had some researcher tell her that there is a Drosophila - based center for research into autism at the University of North Carolina .
The fruit fly can also be a menace to American agriculture , so any financing of research into its habits and mutations is money well - spent .
He then goes on to lambast Palin 's reported belief in creationism :
With Palin , however , the contempt for science may be something a little more sinister than the bluff , empty - headed plain - man 's philistinism of McCain .
We never get a chance to ask her in detail about these things , but she is known to favor the teaching of creationism in schools ... and so it is at least probable that she believes all creatures from humans to fruit flies were created just as they are now .
This would make DNA or any other kind of research pointless , whether conducted in Paris or not .
To conclude , he points a finger at the Republican party as a whole for " plac[ing ] within reach of the Oval Office a woman who is a religious fanatic and a proud , boastful ignoramus . "
And then closes with a little bit of advice : " On Nov. 4 , anyone who cares for the Constitution has a clear duty to repudiate this wickedness and stupidity . "
Hey , we 're just quoting .
UPDATE : The Loom blogger Carl Zimmer notes that there may be some confusion about the type of Drosophila Palin was referring to :
A lot of people thought at first that Palin was dismissing basic research on Drosophila melanogaster , which has yielded lots of profound insights about human biology .
Palin herself has n’t cleared up the issue , but on further reflection , the consensus is that she was complaining about research on the olive fruit fly .
That insect is a nasty crop pest in the US .
It ’s also a pest in Europe , where people have been studying ways to control it–hence the need for funding research there .
So perhaps Hitchens ' fire and brimstone was misplaced ... though to be fair , we have no way of knowing whether Palin herself knew which type of insect she was referencing .
Related : RB : Palin : Pro-Intelligent Design , or Just Anti-Thought ?
RB : Rumors Aside , Sarah Palin Is Still Butchering Science RB : Sarah Palin Still Butchering Science , Redux Discoblog : Fruit Fly Brains Stay Alive in a Dish , Teach us About Nerve Damage Discoblog : For Fruit Flies , Turning Off a Gene Means Turning On the Same - Sex Love
Editor ’s Note :
Issue 10 is starting to come together !
To keep you entertained until it ’s ready , we ’ll be featuring a couple of short stories here on the blog .
Here ’s the first ; enjoy !
***
ON THE EFFECTS OF TRANSMUTATIONAL SCIENCE
Jeannie M. Leighton
Truth be told , the life of a half - ghost is not as thrilling as the living let on .
I ought to know .
Ever since Dr. Osmosis bribed me into sitting for him in that contraption , I ’m not half the woman I used to be .
Oh yes , I can walk through walls and play clever parlor tricks at parties by sticking my head through the privy ’s door to see who ’s squatting , but honestly , it ’s only funny if you ’re the one waiting to get in .
For me , well , suffice it to say , I ’d wished I ’d never taken the good doctor ’s offer of one hundred quid for five - minutes ’ work .
It seemed a good idea at the time , what with me being down on me luck and all .
Desperate as I was to clear me good name , I did n’t think to ask why so many copper coils were snaked around the arms and back of the polished metal chair .
I must admit they were pretty , all sparkling with translucent ribbons of wires winding upwards to a lead - glass ceiling .
Reminded me of one of those hair curling whatnots I ’d seen in the windows of the ladies ’ salons uptown .
Never fancied myself sitting under one of those , but here now was something similar so I just assumed I was in for a beauty treatment of sorts .
Dr. Osmosis hired me off the street .
Now , before you jump to any mis-conclusions , it were n’t like that at all .
I ’m a proper lady and I ’ll give you a cuff if you try to argue me .
There I was , dusting fallen leaves and debris off the slate steps to me landlady ’s place from an early October storm when he strolls by .
I did n’t take no never mind to his being in my part of town such as it is ’ cause there ’s many a fine - dressed gent who takes to strolling down our streets ; some of them right friendly and generous , too , I might add .
I straightened myself upright and smoothed me brown taffeta skirts before nodding me head cordial like .
“ Evening , sir , ” I says , all polite .
“ Nice time of year for a walk , ai n’t it now ? ”
He slows and taps his walking stick soft on the sidewalk .
I did n’t notice until then that a steam - horse drawn carriage followed him , slowing as he did .
He returns my nod and tips his grey flannel top hat .
“ And a fine evening it is , ” he says , “ Now that I ’ve met the brightest star in the heavens . ”
“ Gaw , what you mean by such talk ? ” I says .
“ Nothing but the truth , dear lady , ” he answers .
Now you wonder how I remember all this word for word and I ’ll tell you soon enough .
So here we were , making informal introductions and small talk like a couple of Bloods when he asks me if I ’d be interested in gainful employment .
Says it would n’t take any time and would pay well but that I ’d have to be able to attend him at a moment ’s notice .
I says I ’m not that type of working girl and he gets all red-faced .
“ Do you have a tube ? ” he asks me and I get hot and tell him in so many words that he best watch how he talks to a lady if he wants to retain his manhood .
He clarifies by saying , “ Does your establishment have a pneumatic mailing system for me to send correspondence ? ”
“ Aw , that , ” says I . “ Everything here gets sent to Mrs. B ; she ’s the landlady and she ’ll see that it ’ll get to me .
Why ? ”
He explains how he ’s a doctor of Transmutational Science and how I could become the first woman to join the ranks of spectral transfers if I ’d agree to secrecy and not tell a soul .
He chuckles at this last but I missed the joke .
I was still ruminating over becoming a spectral transfer ; sounded exotic , like from one of those far - off countries .
I set me dust broom down and shook his hand to seal the deal , swearing on my mother ’s grave .
He returns my handshake and laughs even harder .
“ Very well , then .
I ’ll send notice within the week , weather permitting .
Do stay close to the tubes because , as I said , timing is of utmost importance . ”
He hands me an envelope from his coat pocket .
“ As a retainer , ” he says .
Then he turns to that coach and a door opens with nothing but the air to move it and he climbs in .
The horse trots off with no one to guide it and I head into me apartment while opening up the envelope and dream of lucky horseshoes .
Two days pass and I ’m keeping low to me self just like I promised the doctor when who shows up on me doorstep but me cousin Mike .
He ’s wondering why I ain’t been round the Palace and asking if I ’m sick ’ cause it ai n’t like me to miss a good night out .
He says he heard I ’d come into a bit of extras .
Now Mike ai n’t really me cousin ; we only say that for inquiring eyes who see us about .
Me not being the quickest thinker what with me good looks and all , I well up and quiver out how could he believe such stories and how I ’d never hold back even so much as a tuppence without asking him first but he ’s not buying it and we ’re about to have a go around when Mrs .
B bursts out the front door waving a tube addressed to me .
I grab it and twist off the seal .
There ’s a letter inside all fancy with an embossed crest and everything and I start to read it but Mike tries to rip it out of me hand .
Just as he reaches a third time , here comes that steam - horse carriage to the curb and a door swings open and I dive in clutching the letter .
Mike manages to tear off a piece as the door swings shut .
I can feel the carriage lurch forward and I hear Mike ’s voice screaming but I do n’t turn around .
I must have dozed off because next thing I know , I ’m sitting in this chair with the copper coils .
Dr. Osmosis is standing across from me , his fingers templed in front of his nose .
I blink several times to get me bearings .
“ What ’s this ? ” I ask .
“ I know I sleep like the dead but how’d I get in here without waking ? ” I tried to rise but found a padded belt around my waist and wrists .
I notice me corset ’s missing and all I ’m wearing is me chemise .
Dr. Osmosis crooks one elbow and taps a finger against his spectacles .
“ Nothing to fear , my lady .
Nothing to fear .
You ’ve had a long ride and I wanted to insure ensure your safety until you awoke . ”
He approaches and checks the restraints .
I smile coyly and wait for him to unlatch them but instead , he turns to a large display full of wheels and bulb - shaped tubes .
Lights flicker intermittently but I can’t make out from where the light source came .
I pull on the wrist straps but they hold fast .
“ This is n’t the kind of parlor games I play , doctor .
I ’m a straight up girl . ”
I might as well have been talking to the braided series of cords that connected me and my chair to the display .
I squeal as a flash of lightning shatters the overhead glass ceiling with blue - white light .
“ Just a few more minutes , ” he says , scuttling over to yet another panel of pulleys and switches .
“ We ’re nearly ready . ”
“ This was not what I signed on for . ”
My mouth tastes like copper .
“ Oh , but it is , my dear . ”
He reaches over his head to a large wheel contraption and turns it like a top .
“ Five minutes was what I believe we agreed on . ”
He checks the enormous time piece taking up one wall .
“ One now .
Soon you ’ll be famous . ”
The floor beneath me begins to spin .
I force myself not to faint as the chair to which I was strapped begins to rise .
Rain droplets hit the bare skin on my arms , icy cold with each wet slap .
I think I screamed but the only sound was the near continuous cracks of lightning and thunder from above .
The glass ceiling had opened like an observatory and I , Dr. Osmosis ’ evening star , was soon to become a heavenly body .
The End
Filed under : Website by Katie
1 Comment »
You do n’t stick a knife in a man ’s back nine inches , and then pull it out six inches , and say you ’re making progress .
— Malcolm X
Another Election Day approaches and I ’m reminded of something the late Pakistani dissident , Eqbal Ahmad said about Noam Chomsky in the book , Confronting Empire ( 2000 ) : “ He ( Chomsky ) has never wavered .
He has never fallen into the trap of saying , ‘ Clinton will do better . ’
Or ‘ Nixon was bad but Carter at least had a human rights presidency . ’
There is a consistency of substance , of posture , of outlook in his work . ”
But along came 2004 … when Chomsky said stuff like this : “ Anyone who says ‘ I do n’t care if Bush gets elected ’ is basically telling poor and working people in the country , ‘ I do n’t care if your lives are destroyed ’ . ”
And like this : “ Despite the limited differences [ between Bush and Kerry ] both domestically and internationally , there are differences .
In a system of immense power , small differences can translate into large outcomes . ”
Standing alongside Chomsky was Howard Zinn , saying stuff like this : “ Kerry , if he will stop being cautious , can create an excitement that will carry him into the White House and , more important , change the course of the nation . ”
Fast forward to 2008 and Chomsky sez : “ I would suggest voting against McCain , which means voting for Obama without illusions . ”
And once again , Howard Zinn is in agreement : “ Even though Obama does not represent any fundamental change , he creates an opening for a possibility of change . ”
( Two word rejoinder : Bill Clinton )
This strategy of choosing an alleged “ lesser evil ” because he / she might be influenced by some mythical “ popular movement ” would be naïve if put forth by a high school student .
Professors Chomsky and Zinn know better .
If it ’s incremental change they want , why not encourage their many readers to vote for Ralph Nader or Cynthia McKinney ?
The classic ( read : absurd ) reply to that question is : “ Because Nader or McKinney ca n’t win . ”
Of course they ca n’t win if everyone who claims to agree with them inexplicably votes for Obama instead .
Paging Alice :
You ’re wanted down the goddamned rabbit hole .
Another possible answer as to why folks like Chomsky and Zinn do n’t aggressively and tirelessly stump for Nader or McKinney is this : 2004 proved that the high profile Left is essentially impotent and borderline irrelevant .
Chomsky and Zinn were joined in the vocal , visible , and vile Anybody - But - Bush ranks by “ stars ” like Michael Moore , Susan Sarandon , Medea Benjamin , Sean Penn , Barbra Streisand , Manning Marable , Naomi Klien , Phil Donahue , Barbara Ehrenreich , Martin Sheen , Bruce Springsteen , Eddie Vedder , Cornel West , etc. etc. and John Kerry still lost .
News flash :
The “ poor and working people in the country ” that Chomsky mentions above are paying ZERO attention to him or anyone like him …and that ’s a much bigger issue than which millionaire war criminal gets to play figurehead for the empire over the next four years .
Zinn talks about Obama and the “ possibility of change . ”
It seems odd to be asking this of an octogenarian but : Exactly how much time do you think we have ?
Every twenty - four hours , thirteen million tons toxic chemicals are released across the globe ; 200,000 acres of rainforest are destroyed ; more than one hundred plant or animal species go extinct ; and 45,000 humans ( mostly children ) starve to death .
Each day , 29,158 children under the age of five die from mostly preventable causes .
As Gandhi once asked : “ What difference does it make to the dead , the orphans and the homeless , whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty or democracy ? ”
I promise you this :
The human beings ( and all living things ) that come after us wo n’t care whether we voted for Obama or McCain in 2008 … if they have no clean air to breathe , no clean water to use , and are stuck on a toxic , uninhabitable planet .
They ’d probably just want to ask us this :
Why did you stand by and let everything be consumed or poisoned or destroyed ?
Conclusion : A vote for either John McCain or Barack Obama is — at best — an act of criminal negligence .
British Canals to Become Green Power Stations
October 8th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
SmartPlanet report that British Waterways is turning UK canals into alternative energy power stations .
The company ’s proposal calls for 50 wind turbines and assorted small - scale hydro - power schemes to be installed in canals and locations .
In addition to generating enough energy to power 45,000 homes ( 100 MW of capacity ) , the proposal will save over 100,000 tons of CO2 each year .
While British Waterways does n’t provide a timeline for their plan , the company does want to expand its network of green power stations across the UK ’s 2,200 mile network of canals and rivers .
If the canal network is used to its full capacity , it could generate 10 times more electricity than it consumes .
And rest assured that the UK ’s canals will be preserved — all money made from selling the project ’s renewable energy will go towards maintaining them .
The British Waterways project is just another in a line of schemes to use our existing infrastructure for environmentally - friendly purposes .
It ’s a trend that I ’d like to see become even more common .
Photo Credit : Flickr Creative Commons
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The source of the e1000e corruption bug
Benefits for LWN subscribers
The primary benefit from subscribing to LWN is helping to keep us publishing , but , beyond that , subscribers get immediate access to all site content and access to a number of extra site features .
Please sign up today !
When LWN last looked at the e1000e hardware corruption bug , the source of the problem was , at best , unclear .
Problems within the driver itself seemed like a likely culprit , but it did not take long for those chasing this problem to realize that they needed to look further afield .
For a while , the X server came under scrutiny , as did a number of other system components .
When the real problem was found , though , it turned out to be a surprise for everybody involved .
Tracking down intermittent problems is hard .
When those problems result in the destruction of hardware , finding them is even harder .
Even the most dedicated testers tend to balk when faced with the prospect of shipping their systems back to the manufacturer for repairs .
So the task of finding this issue fell to Intel ; engineers there locked themselves into a lab with a box full of e1000e adapters and set about bisecting the kernel history to identify the patch which caused the problem .
Some time ( and numerous fried adapters ) later , the bisection process turned up an unlikely suspect : the ftrace tracing framework .
Developers working on tracing generally put a lot of effort into minimizing the impact of their code on system performance .
Every last bit of runtime overhead is scrutinized and eliminated if at all possible .
As a general rule , bricking the hardware is a level of overhead which goes well beyond the acceptable parameters .
So the ftrace developers , once informed of the bisection result , put in some significant work of their own to figure out what was going on .
One of the features offered by ftrace is a simple function - call tracing operation ; ftrace will output a line with the called function ( and its caller ) every time a function call is made .
This tracing is accomplished by using the venerable profiling mechanism built into gcc ( and most other Unix - based compilers ) .
When code is compiled with the - pg option , the compiler will place a call to mcount ( ) at the beginning of every function .
The version of mcount ( ) provided by ftrace then logs the relevant information on every call .
As noted above , though , tracing developers are concerned about overhead .
On most systems , it is almost certain that , at any given time , nobody will be doing function call tracing .
Having all those mcount ( ) calls happening anyway would be a measurable drag on the system .
So the ftrace hackers looked for a way to eliminate that overhead when it is not needed .
A naive solution to this problem might look something like the following .
Rather than put in an unconditional call to mcount ( ) , get gcc to add code like this :
if ( function_tracing_active ) mcount ( ) ;
But the kernel makes a lot of function calls , so even this version will have a noticeable overhead ; it will also bloat the size of the kernel with all those tests .
So the favored approach tends to be different : run-time patching .
When function tracing is not being used , the kernel overwrites all of the mcount ( ) calls with no -op instructions .
As it happens , doing nothing is a highly optimized operation in contemporary processors , so the overhead of a few no - ops is nearly zero .
Should somebody decide to turn function tracing on , the kernel can go through and patch all of those mcount ( ) calls back in .
Run -time patching can solve the performance problem , but it introduces a new problem of its own .
Changing the code underneath a running kernel is a dangerous thing to do ; extreme caution is required .
Care must be taken to ensure that the kernel is not running in the affected code at the time , processor caches must be invalidated , and so on .
To be safe , it is necessary to get all other processors on the system to stop and wait while the patching is taking place .
The end result is that patching the code is an expensive thing to do .
The way ftrace was coded was to patch out every mcount ( ) call point as it was discovered through an actual call to mcount ( ) .
But , as noted above , run-time patching is very expensive , especially if it is done a single function at a time .
So ftrace would make a list of mcount ( ) call sites , then fix up a bunch of them later on .
In that way , the cost of patching out the calls was significantly reduced .
The problem now is that things might have changed between the time when an mcount ( ) call is noticed and when the kernel gets around to patching out the call .
It would be very unfortunate if the kernel were to patch out an mcount ( ) call which no longer existed in the expected place .
To be absolutely sure that unrelated data was not being corrupted , the ftrace code used the cmpxchg operation to patch in the no-ops .
cmpxchg atomically tests the contents of the target memory against the caller 's idea of what is supposed to be there ; if the two do not match , the target location will be left with its old value at the end of the operation .
So the no-ops will only be written to memory if the current contents of that memory are a call to mcount ( ) .
This all seems pretty safe , except that it fell down in one obscure , but important case .
One obvious place where an mcount ( ) call could go away is in loadable modules .
This can happen if the module is unloaded , of course , but there is another important case too : any code marked as initialization code will be removed once initialization is complete .
So a module 's initialization function ( and any other code marked __init ) could leave a dangling reference in the " mcount ( ) calls to be patched out " list maintained by ftrace .
The final piece of this puzzle comes from this little fact : on 32 - bit architectures , memory returned from vmalloc ( ) and ioremap ( ) share the same address space .
Both functions create mappings to memory from the same range of addresses .
Space for loadable modules is allocated with vmalloc ( ) , so all module code is found within this shared address space .
Meanwhile , the e1000e driver uses ioremap ( ) to map the adapter 's I/O memory and NVRAM into the kernel 's address space .
The end result is this fatal sequence of events :
A module is loaded into the system .
As part of the module 's initialization , a number of mcount ( ) calls are made ; these call sites are noted for later patching .
Module initialization completes , and the module 's __init functions are removed from memory .
The address space they occupied is freed up for future use .
The e1000e driver maps its I/O memory and NVRAM into the address range recently occupied by the above - mentioned initialization code .
Ftrace gets around to patching out the accumulated list of mcount ( ) calls .
But some of those " calls " are now , actually , I/O memory belonging to the e1000e device .
Remember that the ftrace code was very careful in its patching , using cmpxchg to avoid overwriting anything which is not an mcount ( ) call .
But , as Steven Rostedt noted in his summary of the problem :
The cmpxchg could have saved us in most cases ( via luck ) - but with ioremap - ed memory that was exactly the wrong thing to do - the results of cmpxchg on device memory are undefined .
( and will likely result in a write )
The end result is a write to the wrong bit of I/O memory - and a destroyed device .
In hindsight , this bug is reasonably clear and understandable , but it 's not at all surprising that it took a long time to find .
One should note that there were , in fact , two different bugs here .
One of them is ftrace 's attempt to write to a stale pointer .
But the other one was just as important : the e1000e driver should never have left its hardware configured in a mode where a single stray write could turn it into a brick .
One never knows where things might go wrong ; hardware should never be left in such a vulnerable state if it can be helped .
The good news is that both bugs have been fixed .
The e1000e hardware was locked down before 2.6.27 was released , and the 2.6.27.1 update disables the dynamic ftrace feature .
The ftrace code has been significantly rewritten for 2.6.28 ; it no longer records mcount ( ) call sites on the fly , no longer uses cmpxchg , and , one hopes , is generally incapable of creating such mayhem again .
Up and down more than a yo - yo on a bouncy castle , that ’s the LittleBigPlanet servers .
The game ’s delayed , leaked out , finally gets online and then crashes like a bomb .
The lucky few with the game already might have had online access yesterday , but today it ’s an entirely different story as the servers have been down most of the day , and we ’ve had reports that the PlayStation Store is also down as a result .
We ’ve heard from Media Molecule this afternoon that although the servers are technically ‘ running ’ there may be some “ ongoing configuration work that needs to be carried out in order to keep the sharing side of the game running smoothly ” .
The guys advise that there may be some limited interruptions to the service as a result , especially over the first few days .
– ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW –
Good job we had that Beta stress test , then .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
As part of a settlement with state attorneys general that could be worth as much as $ 8.6 billion , Bank of America Corp BAC.N said on Monday it would cut interest rates and principal on some troubled mortgages originated by Countrywide Financial Corp .
Bank of America , which bought Countrywide in July , reached a deal with attorneys general representing 11 states in which it will offer more affordable and sustainable mortgage payments for borrowers who had financed their homes with subprime loans or adjustable - rate mortgages serviced by Countrywide .
“ This is good , ” said Christopher Whalen , managing director at Institutional Risk Analytics , a provider of analysis and ratings for banks .
“ I hate to say we ’ll need to see a lot more of this , but we will .
Banks have no choice because the economy ’s getting so flat .
They ’re going to become increasingly aggressive about keeping homeowners in their homes . ”
The Countrywide settlement will likely become the largest predatory lending settlement in history , the California attorney general ’s office said in a statement .
“ With this settlement , homeowners will receive direct relief from the catastrophic damage caused by Countrywide , ” said California Attorney General Edmund Brown in a statement .
“ Countrywide ’s lending practices turned the American dream into a nightmare for tens of thousands of families by putting them into loans they could n’t understand and ultimately could n’t afford , ” he said .
States including West Virginia , California , Connecticut and Illinois had sued Countrywide over its business practices , alleging that the mortgage lender had made risky and costly loans to consumers who could not afford them .
ONCE NO .
1
Countrywide was once the largest U.S. mortgage lender before being acquired for about $ 4 billion in stock by Bank of America as its risky subprime mortgage loans began to fail .
“ We have committed significant resources and developed innovative programs to help as many Countrywide customers as possible stay in their homes , ” Barbara Desoer , president of Bank of America Mortgage , Home Equity and Insurance Services , said in a statement .
Bank of America shares fell $ 1.79 , or 5.2 percent , to $ 32.69 in midday New York Stock Exchange trading .
The KBW banks index .
BKX was down 6.1 percent .
Whalen said Bank of America ’s stock price decline was linked to general concern about the health of U.S. financial institutions rather than the settlement .
“ Most people would probably view this ( settlement ) as a neutral to a positive , ” said Whalen .
It could cut profits , he said , but “ one would hope that the loss rates would be lower and you ’d keep more people in their homes and paying their mortgages . ”
The deal will enable eligible subprime and pay - option mortgage borrowers to avoid foreclosure by obtaining a modified and more affordable loan .
The loans covered by the settlement are among the riskiest and highest defaulting loans at the center of America ’s foreclosure crisis .
Pay - option mortgages allowed borrowers to pay only a fraction of interest and principal owed each month , allowing the loan balance to increase .
400,000 ELIGIBLE
The deal applies to people who financed their homes with subprime loans or pay - option adjustable - rate mortgages serviced by Countrywide that originated before Dec. 31 , 2007 .
Some 400,000 borrowers could be helped by the agreement .
The program centers around a loan modification process , valued up to $ 8.4 billion , aimed at providing relief to eligible borrowers who are “ seriously delinquent ” or are likely to become so due to loan features , such as rate resets or payment recasts .
About 12 percent of the eligible loans are held by Bank of America and the cost of restructuring these loans is “ within the range of losses we estimated when we acquired Countrywide , ” Bank of America said .
Under the program , eligible Countrywide - serviced customers who occupy the home as their primary residence will not be charged loan modification fees , and prepayment penalties for subprime and pay - option ARM loans will be waived , the bank said .
Some $ 150 million has been set aside for borrowers in certain states who suffered foreclosure or are at serious risk of foreclosure , the bank said .
An additional $ 70 million has been set aside for relocation assistance to borrowers unable to retain their homes .
Attorneys general in 11 states , including Arizona , California , Connecticut , Florida , Illinois , Iowa , Michigan , North Carolina , Ohio , Texas and Washington , are participating in the settlement .
The settlement does not include Angelo Mozilo , the former chairman and chief executive of Countrywide Financial Corporation or David Sambol , formerly the president of Countrywide Home Loans and president and chief operating officer of Countrywide Financial Corporation .
ELF
The original eco-guerrilla defense force INTERVIEW WITH ELF FOUNDER , JOHN HANNA Sept.5 , 2001 ELF founder interview , continued ... ... I believed that the warning signals were loud and clear but no one seemed to be taking heed .
Here were respectable scientists with PhD's .
They were working within the system but it seemed to me at the time not to be working .
So I decided to take the struggle to the streets - use a bigger stick so to speak .
Q : And that was 24 years ago .
Did your bigger stick work ?
A : No .
Our food is still being sprayed .
But it seemed the way to go back then .
I founded the E.L.F. , which was an acronym for Environmental Life Force .
With today 's incarnation , E.L.F. stands for Earth Liberation Front .
I 've also heard it called the Environmental Liberation Front .
We 're comparing apples and oranges here .
An ELF is an ELF - the aims and tactics are the same - defense of the earth by means of direct guerrilla action .
Q : In other words , violence .
Is n't that a contradiction when you claim to be an environmentalist ?
A : Yes .
In truth it 's not possible to wear both hats .
By definition , an environmentalist cherishes all life - including greedy , thoughtless people .
Turns out , I was one of those thoughtless people too .
Q : Why did you resort to violence ?
A : I justified my behavior by claiming " self defense "
In reality , I was a pissed off frustrated sociopath .
I see that now .
An incident pushed me over the edge of rational behavior .
Back then , I lived in an agricultural area .
Lots of artichoke and strawberry fields .
One day , I was driving into town ( Watsonville ) and I got sprayed with Parathion .
A crop duster zoomed by me from behind .
His wingtips were no more than fifteen feet from my car .
Before I had time to roll up my windows and close up my vent , I drove into a toxic cloud .
I went directly to the agricultural commissioner 's office and reported the incident .
Nothing ever came of it .
For several hours I felt like I was going to jump out of my skin .
Parathion is an organophosphate poison that was developed by German scientists in WW II as a nerve gas .
After the war , they started using it to kill insect pests .
The incident served as a catalyst .
The ELF was born .
Q : But the first ELF action had nothing to do with pesticides or the environment , did it ?
A : In March of ' 77 , ELF claimed responsibility for shooting the windows of U.S. Senator Dianne Feinstein 's vacation home in Watsonville with an air - powered pistol .
It was a target of opportunity and no one was home at the time .
Ms. Feinstein was then a San Francisco county supervisor .
The action was in retaliation for the jail house death of Larry Williams , a young black inmate .
He went into diabetic shock and died for lack of an insulin shot .
ELF demanded that a medical screening program be initiated for all new prisoners .
The rationale : the inmate was one of earth 's creatures and he died of neglect .
Q : I still see this contradiction .
On the one hand you feign concern for this unfortunate inmate , yet ELF places homemade napalm bombs on seven crop dusters .
Am I missing something here ?
Could n't a pilot or a firefighter have been killed ?
A : ELF took extraordinary measures to avoid loss of life or injury .
The devices were designed so only the low - yield detonators would fire .
The napalm mix had been allowed to solidify so it could not catch fire .
The fuses were timed to ignite at 2:00 am .
I waited nearby until all the detonators exploded .
If someone would have happened by , I was prepared to warn him or her off , even at the risk of capture .
Later in the day , a communique was dropped at the local newspaper .
ELF listed viable alternatives to the excessive and inappropriate use of pesticides on our food .
Q : What about the crop dusters ?
A : They suffered some blistered paint .
It had rained that night .
All the planes were spraying crops just hours after the incident .
But it was a successful media event .
Guerrilla theater , if you will .
The listing of alternatives was important .
You rarely hear of bombers and activists offering alternatives to their grievances .
Usually , they just rant .
Q : Were there other issues ELF focused on ?
A : There was an action in Oregon .
A pipe bomb was placed at the headquarters of Publishers ' Paper Company in Oregon City on August 1st , 1977 .
( Footnote : The facility operated by Publishers ' Paper was purchased by Blue Heron Paper Company ) .
This was another retaliatory action .
Fairly serious stuff because it involved the transport of explosives across state lines .
Q : What were the circumstances ?
A : Publishers ' Paper owned land in Rose Lodge , Oregon .
They cultivated fast growing trees to provide pulp for their paper mills .
They routinely sprayed herbicides to kill off competing plant species .
Eventually the chemicals found their way into streams .
The spawning habitat for steelhead and salmon were at risk .
In protest , some local folks had chained themselves to trees on Publishers ' land .
They were ordered off the property and when they did n't go , a helicopter sprayed them all with the herbicide Tordon .
The pipe bomb was set off at Publishers ' corporate offices .
ELF demanded that the company provide life - long health care and medical monitoring for the spray victims .
Q : Did anyone get hurt when the pipe bomb went off ?
A : No .
It was designed to be a low - yield device .
The lesson learned at the Salinas airport action was : it was not necessary to do any real damage to create a media event .
I think a window was blown out .
Publishers ' never provided the medical care ; that would have been an admission of guilt .
Interestingly , Publishers ' Paper was owned by the Los Angeles Times News Agency .
When I went to trial , all charges were dropped that related to the Publishers ' action .
I think pressure from the L.A. Times may have influenced the decision to drop the charges .
Just a guess .
I had taken full responsibility for the incident so there was no reason for the federal prosecutor to let me skate on that one .
( Footnote : Reportedly , several of the Rose Lodge protestors have experienced health problems which they attribute to being sprayed with the herbicide . )
THE LOS ANGELES TIMES NEEDS TO DO THE RIGHT THING AND PROVIDE MEDICAL HELP FOR THESE PEOPLE !!!
Q : What came after Oregon ?
A : Nothing , really .
I got arrested and went to jail .
Q : How did you get caught ?
A : Good old - fashioned investigative techniques and advanced technology .
ELF was issuing a lot of communiques .
To avoid getting into a predictable pattern , different copy machines were used each time .
We learned at my trial that the ATF had a complete record showing the time and address where every ELF communique had been printed in both California and Oregon .
But I made the mistake of using a copier where my girlfriend , Carla Susan Olander worked .
The ATF traced the communique to that machine and started asking the management questions : was anyone aware of an employee who had expressed anti-pesticide opinions ?
They learned that my girlfriend was under a doctor 's care and was drawing disability payments due to an exposure to pesticides while working in a cannery .
They kept the two of us under surveillance for a couple of months .
On November 22 , 1977 the ATF and Santa Cruz SWAT came through my front door while I was sleeping .
Scared the hell out of me .
In the spirit of civil disobedience , I made a full confession and prepared myself for some serious prison time .
Q : Were there other arrests ?
A : No , my girlfriend Carla Olander was a participant in the ELF 's actions .
She cooperated with the ATF so she was n't charged with anything .
Q : Now that the statute of limitations have expired , can you tell if others were involved with ELF at the time ?
A : I 'm not sure there is a statute of limitations for terrorist acts .
I told the authorities that I acted alone .
They accepted that and I think their investigation bore that out .
For the record , I acted alone .
That 's my story and I 'm sticking to it .
Q : Thank you , Bart Simpson .
A : No , it 's true .
There was no more ELF actions after I was busted .
Q : Until now .
A : Right .
I have no knowledge of the latest incarnation of ELF .
I was alarmed when I heard one of the talking heads on the nightly news mention ELF a few months back .
I thought ,
Oh boy , they 'll be charging through my front door again .
Q : But that has n't happened , has it ?
A : No .
I think they 've ruled me out .
( Knock on wood ) .
My life is an open book .
I have a career that takes up all of my time and I 'm constantly traveling .
I 'm retired from that stuff .
I enjoy my freedom too much to revisit that nightmare I went through a quarter of a century ago .
My philosophy on militant environmentalism has changed over time .
It 's counter - productive to the movement .
After my stint at Lompoc federal prison , I was released on probation .
The judge had given me five years but he later modified the sentence to five years ' supervised probation .
After I was out , I contacted Richard Armentrout , one of the Rose Lodge spray victims for the first time .
He told me that the ELF bombing had embarrassed them and alienated them from their former supporters .
Just the simple perception that they may in some way be associated with a terrorist group was all it took to destroy their credibility in their community of peers .
That really bothered me .
I apologized but it was too late .
the harm was done .
Thanks to Richard Biffle Q : So you no longer advocate militancy ?
A : Not if it manifests itself in violence .
Civil disobedience can be militant in practice or perception .
But violence is NEVER civil .
Thoreau and Gandhi landed in jail but they never could have accomplished their goals had they resorted to violence .
They maintained the high moral ground and inspired support .
They showed they were better than their adversaries .
Q : Do you consider your past actions to be a failure ?
A : Yes .
Both morally and strategically .
After my arrest , I opted for another approach .
I founded a not - for - profit organization to assist commercial growers to develop strategies for cutting back on their use of pesticides .
This was a program developed , in part , by Dr. Van Den Bosch .
I was fortunate to gain his support before he died .
The strategy is called Integrated Pest Management or IPM .
It was a fairly new concept in the late 70's .
It 's widely practiced these days .
Q : Are you still active in the IPM field ?
A : No .
I recruited a board of directors with college degrees in entomology and plant pathology .
I wrote the initial seed - funding proposal and received a generous grant from the David and Lucile Packard Foundation .
Then I reluctantly stepped down .
The board of directors felt my pending trial could be problematic .
And , of course , I had no professional credentials .
Basically I was a confessed bomber awaiting trial .
Not the greatest public relations asset if you 're trying to influence commercial growers .
The academicians took over the corporate helm but they failed to secure additional funding and the enterprise faded away .
The good news is that similar businesses have flourished .
So I 'm reassured that my instincts were sound .
Perhaps we were ahead of our time .
With hindsight , I see that IPM has accomplished more than those seven firebombs ever did .
Q : What would you like to say to the ELF today ?
A : If I transport myself back to when I was Underground , I do n't think I would Have listened to an old fart like me .
Most likely a lot of the people who make up today 's ELF were n't even born when ELF was founded .
So I 'm not too optimistic that the current cadre will listen .
But here 's my request :
Stop the violence .
It 's only a matter of time before someone gets injured or killed .
Arson can get out of hand very quickly .
Who would want an innocent firefighter to get killed doing his or her job ?
I 'm so thankful no one was hurt during my activities .
I could n't live with myself had that happened .
Q : What 's your opinion of the new ELF ?
A : My opinion does n't matter .
I can certainly empathize with their frustration and their desire to defend the environment .
But their means and methods will lead nowhere .
Maybe prison .
Some of the actions attributed to the ELF are so dumb it boggles the mind .
Torching a used car lot or a luxury home ?
What the hell is that ?
That 's the kind of crap you would expect from somebody trying to run an insurance scam or a provocateur hoping to discredit the movement .
On the other hand , you have people like the Rose Lodge protestors or the young woman that lived up in that old - growth tree for months on end .
She really accomplished something positive .
Even the loggers had to respect her tenacity and courage .
Now that 's what I 'm talking about .
That 's the true spirit of civil disobedience .
The movement needs more people like them .
We do n't need more unibombers and idiots like my former ELF persona , running around trying to change the world by coercion and intimidation .
That just does n't get things done .
END Questions or comments ?
hannastructural ( at ) hotmail ( dot ) com Return to HOMEPAGE
Subscribers get more award - winning coverage of advances in science & technology .
Sign In
See Subscription Options
Let us imagine that you are on a long distance flight and you decide to answer the call of nature .
Misunderstanding the stewardess , you open the wrong door and now find yourself falling from 30,000 feet , the average cruising height for civil airliners .
What are you going to do ?
Mummy , I'm Flying
Assuming the shock of entering a 500 mph wind at - 45 °C has n't given you a heart attack , there is a way of getting out of this pickle if you remember one simple piece of advice - do n't panic .
The first thing to do is to spread - eagle yourself with your arms and legs outstretched .
This creates the maximum wind resistance and , believe it or not , gives you a bit of control over the angle you fall at .
Although you are falling from five miles up , you wo n't continue accelerating until you hit the ground .
Shortly after your impromptu departure from the aircraft , you reach terminal velocity .
That is to say , you reach a speed that you wo n't exceed .
By spreading your arms and legs , wind resistance means you will be travelling at around 125 m ph .
There , already it does n't seem so bad does it ?
Time to Admire the View
You now have about two and a half minutes before you stop falling .
Almost time to boil an egg , or listen to most of a pop record .
However , now is not the time to be thinking about food or Simon Cowell 's latest prodigy .
Start looking down , because the decisions you make now could save your life .
You should be looking for water that is at least twelve feet deep .
If you were on a transatlantic flight it should n't be hard to spot some .
Diving into water at 125 mph is survivable , but it 's going to sting a bit .
Hitting the water with your arms straight up above your head and your body extended into as neat a line as terror allows means you 're going to lose a little skin and suffer some bruising , but at least you 'll have a great story to tell the kids .
Belly - flopping will leave a pinkish stain on the surface .
Not Falling Into an Ocean
Falling onto land is a little more problematical .
As the ground approaches you at a dizzying speed , start looking for lakes , rivers or swimming pools .
In the absence of water , try looking for snow .
It 's at times like these you really understand the effects of global warming , though .
Ideally , you 're looking for soft , lightly packed snow about thirty feet deep .
Chances are , you wo n't find any .
Another option is a natural hot mud pool .
This will break your fall wonderfully , although the very high temperatures may introduce another factor into the chances of you surviving .
But at least you 'll have a wonderful complexion at the funeral , so it 's worth considering .
Getting a Bit Tense
In the absence of oceans , lakes , rivers , swimming pools , mud pools or soft , deep snow , your options are becoming a little limited .
We 're now looking for things to break your fall .
Trees are problematical .
Branches may be flimsy but dense enough to slow a body down , but they do have a tendency to have a large spiky bit pointing straight up from the centre .
Trying to avoid large spikes is probably a good idea .
Start looking for circus tents , marquees , caravans or rock concerts .
It is possible although unlikely that these kinds of things will slow you down enough to ensure that only the majority of the bones in your body are broken .
A Life of Fame and Fortune
If you landed in the ocean , you have a good chance of survival - always assuming you can swim a few thousand miles and avoid the sharks , Portuguese Man O ' Wars and pollution .
A successful landing on terra firma will no doubt have attracted a large and appreciative audience who will help pour you into an ambulance .
With a little luck , mobile phone footage of your escapade will be posted on the Internet before you actually arrive at the hospital , where you will be treated by underpaid , overworked staff on equipment supplied by the lowest bidder and rejected by vets .
If you can survive the NHS , a life of morning chat shows , reality television and laxative commercials awaits you .
In Case You Thought This Was Impossible
There have been a number of recorded cases of people surviving falls from aeroplanes .
In January , 1942 , Lt IM Chisov of the Red Army Air Force fell 20,000 feet into snow and lived to drink his vodka .
A year later , Sgt A Magee fell 20,000 feet from his bomber .
Rather originally , Magee picked the glass roof of St Nazaire train station to help break his fall .
Not the type of arrival at Platform 3 that commuters were expecting .
In December , 1943 , Flight Sergeant Nicholas Alkemede fell 25,000 feet into snow and , to the initial disbelief of his German captors , survived .
Putting aside the utter lie that Sarah Palin is ready to lead America through another 9/11 , note what McCain says about Palin .
He did n’t know her well when he picked her to be his VP .
He knew her reputation .
Her reputation ?
What does he think this is , a blind date ?
Asked by Mr. Letterman whether Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska was his “ first choice ” for vice president , Mr. McCain said “ absolutely . ”
He added : “ I did n’t know her well at all .
I knew her reputation . ”
Mr. Letterman pressed Mr. McCain on Ms. Palin ’s preparation for the office of president , and asked whether she was “ the woman to lead us through the next 9/11 attack . ”
“ Absolutely ” she is , Mr. McCain said .
“ She has inspired Americans .
That ’s the thing we need . ”
Actually , no .
The next 9/11 we need a commander in chief who ’s smarter and tougher than dirt .
Not some idiot winking at us , inspiringly , as people die and our economic crashes .
Is he joking ?
Look at him .
Look at how he looked last night .
Tell me with a straight face that there is zero chance that Sarah Palin will have to take over for him .
This is deadly serious , people .
And it ’s not a joke , or some political game .
Our country is screwed if Sarah Palin becomes president because John McCain , at 72 years of age and after 4 bouts of cancer , has to step down or , God forbid , dies in office .
This is n’t some joke .
We ’ve witnessed what happens when disaster strikes and you have an idiot running the nation .
No más .
11:39 a.m. , Oct. 17 , 2008 ---- Researchers at the University of Delaware have discovered that when the leaf of a plant is under attack by a pathogen , it can send out an S.O.S. to the roots for help , and the roots will respond by secreting an acid that brings beneficial bacteria to the rescue .
THIS STORY E-mail Print Twitter
The finding quashes the misperception that plants are “ sitting ducks ” -- at the mercy of passing pathogens -- and sheds new light on a sophisticated signaling system inside plants that rivals the nervous system in humans and animals .
The research was led by Harsh Bais , assistant professor of plant and soil sciences at UD , former postdoctoral researcher Thimmaraju Rudrappa , who is now a research scientist at the DuPont Co. , Kirk Czymmek , associate professor of biological sciences and director of UD's Bio-Imaging Center , and Paul Paré , a biochemist at Texas Tech University .
The study is reported in the November issue of Plant Physiology and also is featured on the journal 's cover .
Rudrappa is the lead author of the research paper .
“ Plants are a lot smarter than we give them credit for , ” says Bais from his laboratory at the Delaware Biotechnology Institute .
“ People think that plants , rooted in the ground , are just sitting ducks when it comes to attack by harmful fungi or bacteria , but we 've found that plants have ways of seeking external help , ” he notes .
In a series of laboratory experiments , the scientists infected the leaves of the small flowering plant Arabidopsis thaliana with a pathogenic bacterium , Pseudomonas syringae .
Within a few days , the leaves of the infected plants began yellowing and showing other symptoms of disease .
However , the infected plants whose roots had been inoculated with the beneficial microbe Bacillus subtilis were perfectly healthy .
Farmers often add B. subtilis to the soil to boost plant immunity .
It forms a protective biofilm around plant roots and also has antimicrobial properties , according to Bais .
Using molecular biological tools , the scientists detected the transmission of a long - distance signal , a “ call for help , ” from the leaves to the roots in the plants that had Bacillus in the soil .
The roots responded by secreting a carbon - rich chemical - - malic acid .
All plants biosynthesize malic acid , Bais explains , but only under specific conditions and for a specific purpose -- in this case , the chemical was actively secreted to attract Bacillus .
Magnified images of the roots and leaves showed the ratcheted - up defense response provided by the beneficial microorganisms .
Czymmek captured the definitive proof using a state - of - the - art LSM 510 DUO laser scanning confocal microscope in UD's Bio-Imaging Center .
UD is among only a few universities that own one of these million - dollar instruments .
“ A plant is a challenge to image because at least half of it is below ground in the form of roots , ” Czymmek notes .
“ Here at UD , we use modern technologies including hydroponic growth systems with see - through chambers and sophisticated optical techniques that will enhance the image clarity when visualizing plants and the pathogens attacking them . ”
Bais and his colleagues are now working to determine what the aerial signal is from the infected leaf to the root using different pathogen - associated molecular markers ( PAMPs ) .
The research not only sheds light on the remarkable signaling system in plants , but also is important to understand how invasive plants conquer new territory with the aid of plant microbes .
“ Plants can't move from where they are , so the only way they can accrue good neighbors is through chemistry , ” Bais notes .
The research was funded by the National Science Foundation 's Division of Integrative Organismal Systems , the University of Delaware Research Foundation and the Delaware Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research ( EPSCoR ) .
Article by Tracey Bryant
A team of theoretical and experimental physicists , with participants from Case Western Reserve University , have designed a new black hole simulator called BlackMax to search for evidence that extra dimensions might exist in the universe .
Black holes are theorized to be regions in space where the gravitational field is so strong that nothing can escape its pull after crossing what is called the event horizon .
BlackMax simulates these regions .
Approximately two years in the making , the computer program enables physicists to test theories about the production and decay of black holes and takes into account new types of effects on both the creation and evaporation of black holes at the new Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) currently being commissioned at the European Center for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) in Geneva , Switzerland .
For example , black holes created at the LHC would be expected to start off spinning .
The spinning of the black hole increases the fraction of the black hole 's mass that is dissipated as gravitons –elementary quanta of gravity , which could be used to provide a clue to the existence and structure of extra dimensions .
Black holes are being studied with BlackMax by members of the ATLAS Experiment at LHC , one of the two principal large particle detectors at the new collider .
Case Western Reserve physicists working with Glenn Starkman on the project are his former doctoral student Dejan Stojkovic , now a visiting professor on the faculty of the State University of New York ( SUNY ) at Buffalo , and De- Chang Dai , who recently graduated with his doctoral degree in physics , and is now a postdoctoral fellow working with Stojkovic .
Other collaborators are experimental physicists Cigdem Issever and Jeff Tseng of Oxford University and Eram Rizvi from Queen Mary College at the University of London .
ATLAS works much like investigators who search the site of plane crash , and then piece together the debris to find the cause of the plane 's disintegration .
advertisement
BlackMax , by predicting how those pieces will fall , should allow physicists looking at data from the ATLAS experiment to see whether the pattern of particles released into the detector matches what one would expect when a black hole is produced and then falls apart .
The ordinary non-gravitational collisions predicted by the Standard Model of particle physics tend to produce fragments of the proton clumped into a small number of jets .
Decays of black holes should produce more particles than usual .
These particles should also come out unusually isotropically — in every direction — and the mix of particles should be more democratic - including for example electrons and similar particles that are not found within the proton .
Under certain circumstances , black hole decay should also produce many gravitons that would themselves pass unnoticed out of the ATLAS , but which would make the remaining emitted particles looking asymmetric and carrying less than the full event energy .
Starkman said that if black holes are found at the LHC it will enable scientists to understand the connection between gravity and quantum mechanics , resolving the inconsistency between two of the great intellectual triumphs of the 20th century - quantum mechanics and Einstein 's General Theory of Relativity .
It would also mean the existence of other dimensions to space , and explain why gravity is such a weak force compared to the other three fundamental forces of nature –electromagnetism and the strong and weak nuclear forces .
According to Starkman , the black holes under study at LHC will be very small , extremely hot at more than billion times the temperature of the sun , and their lifespan will consequently be so short that they will decay within tiny fractions of a second of their creation .
He added that there is not enough time for the black hole to cross a human hair , " never mind leaving the detector , " he said .
" What 's more important is that the universe has been doing this experiment for billions of years by bombarding the earth 's atmosphere ( not to mention all the myriad stars ) with cosmic rays .
So we know if black holes are made at the LHC , they are entirely safe , " said Starkman .
just-nude.com
IS AVAILABLE FOR SALE !
Bill Kristol : McCain running ' stupid campaign ' David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday October 12 , 2008
Print This Email
This A conservative columnist called McCain 's campaign " stupid " for continuing to run attack ads that criticize the character of Democratic opponent Barack Obama when " they have n't worked . "
The ads attempt to tarnish Obama 's reputation by tying him to 1960s radical William Ayers .
Bill Kristol , a columnist for The Weekly Standard , said he agrees that Obama 's past connections should be scrutinized .
But with Obama polling better than ever , Kristol told Chris Wallace on Fox News Sunday that McCain needs a new strategy .
" It 's not a horribly mean - spirited or racist or disgraceful campaign , but it 's really become a pathetic campaign , " he said .
Kristol said one of the McCain campaign 's major problems is that it is " out of sync " with its presidential candidate , who has avoided ridiculing Obama .
" If he 's not willing to [ say these things ] , adjust the campaign , " Kristol said .
" Otherwise , you 're just setting yourself up for what we 've seen , which is Senator Obama quite correctly saying ' What 's going on here , he wo n't say this to me and his campaign is saying it in ads . ' "
McCain faced a booing crowd Friday for rebuking a man who said he would be " scared ... to bring a child up " if Obama was elected president .
Kristol asked Wallace why Rick Davis was on the news shows Sunday morning instead of McCain or his running mate Gov. Sarah Palin .
" McCain is an attractive , impressive character , Palin is an attractive , impressive character .
Why is n't Sarah Palin on this morning instead of Rick Davis ?
It is ridiculous , " Kristol said .
This video is from Fox 's Fox News Sunday , broadcast October 12 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
" I 'm 84 years old .
I had a lot of good colored people .
They did n't bother me .
They was good to me , I was good to them .
That 's all I can say , " - Steve Nagy , retired miner in West Virginia , to David Greene of NPR .
Know hope .
America is still out there , and may be about to speak in a voice no one will forget for a good long while .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A Yarmouth police officer shot a motorist dead early this morning after a failed vehicle stop and brief car chase .
The 90 - second chase began on Harbor Road and continued around the corner onto Baxter Avenue , where neighbors heard a crash , followed by several gunshots .
Police said the shooting occurred at about 1:10 a.m .
Authorities did not immediately release the name of the victim or the officer involved in the shooting .
Baxter Avenue resident Sarah Dean said the first sound she heard was that of the police cruiser and the driver 's Lincoln meeting .
" I heard a big smash , the car and a cruiser colliding , " said Dean , 27 , who watched the scene unfold from her bedroom window .
" Then I heard three gunshots . "
Dean said she also heard a woman scream from the car in which the victim , believed to be male , was shot .
" The girl jumped out of the car screaming and crying , " said Dean , who had been caring for her sick 4 - year - old daughter last night , and who pulled her daughter close to her during the commotion .
After the shooting , officers and personnel from the Yarmouth Police Department and the Yarmouth Fire Department provided emergency first aid to the driver and transported him to Cape Cod Hospital in nearby Hyannis , but he did not survive , police said .
Police said the driver failed to stop when directed to do so on Harbor Road , prompting the chase .
As of midday today , the victim 's vehicle had been removed from the scene , while the cruiser apparently involved in the crash remained on the lawn at 41 Baxter Ave .
Bright green cones demarcated the scene , where several local and state police investigators worked .
Half a dozen police vehicles were parked nearby , including one from the State Police Collision Analysis & Reconstruction Section .
Several neighbors said they heard the crash and the shooting .
One neighbor who did not want to be identified said she heard a male voice shout , " Get out of the car ! "
Then she heard four shots , she said .
Dean said the driver 's car briefly proceeded down Baxter after the crash and shooting before coming to rest a few doors down .
State police detectives from the office of Cape and Islands District Attorney Michael O'Keefe are investigating this case .
O'Keefe could not be reached for comment .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
JOHN McCAIN IS A LIBERAL GUN GRABBER
By Pastor Chuck Baldwin
February 22 , 2008
NewsWithViews.com
The last thing we need is another liberal neocon in the White House .
If the Presidency of George W. Bush proved anything , it proved the hazard of electing phony Republican conservatives .
At least one is able to clearly see a liberal for what he or she is when they have a " D " behind their name .
But put an " R " behind the name and suddenly their liberal , Big-Government , anti-freedom agenda is barely recognized , which makes a liberal Republican much more dangerous than a liberal Democrat .
Let me say it straight out : a John McCain Presidency would be far worse than a Barack Obama Presidency .
With a Democrat in the White House , conservatives and Christians suddenly find their principles and are able to offer resistance .
Put a Republican in the Oval Office , however , and those same people become blind , deaf , and dumb to most any principle they profess .
Nowhere is McCain 's chicanery and duplicity more jeopardous than in the area of the right to keep and bear arms .
On issues relating to the Second Amendment , John McCain is a disaster !
For example , the highly respected Gun Owners of America ( GOA ) rates McCain with a grade of F-. McCain 's failing grade is well deserved .
John McCain sponsored an amendment to S. 1805 on March 2 , 2004 that would outlaw the private sale of firearms at gun shows .
According to GOA , the provision would effectively eliminate gun shows , because every member of an organization sponsoring a gun show could be imprisoned if the organization fails to notify each and every " person who attends the special firearms event of the requirements [ under the Brady Law ] . "
John McCain also sponsored an Incumbent Protection provision to the so - called " Campaign Finance Reform " bill , which severely curtails the ability of outside groups ( such as GOA ) to communicate the actions of incumbent politicians to members and supporters prior to an election .
The GOA report of the 106th Congress reveals that out of 15 votes relating to the right to keep and bear arms , Senator John McCain voted favorably only 4 times .
Put that into a percentage and McCain 's pro-Second Amendment voting record is a pathetic 27 % .
In addition , GOA warns that John McCain supported legislation that would force federal agents to increase efforts in arresting and convicting honest gun owners who may inadvertently violate one of the many federal anti-gun laws , which punish mere technicalities , such as gun possession .
For example , if John McCain 's proposed legislation were to become law , a gun owner who travels with a gun through a school zone or who uses one of the family handguns to go target shooting with a 15 - year old could be sent to prison .
And a person who uses a gun for self - defense could be sent to prison for a mandatory minimum of five years .
But there is so much more to the McCain madness .
Former California State Senator H.L. " Bill " Richardson wrote this about John McCain , " He 's [ McCain 's ] proven his dislike for conservatives and would gut us at every opportunity .
" Why do I say that ?
Because of three decades of experience as a Republican California Senator and a fifty year activist in the conservative movement .
I have first hand , in - their - face experience with elitist RINO 's ( Republican in Name Only ) office holders .
They are biblically ignorant , power hungry , status seeking egotists who have no difficulty aiding their liberal Democrat colleagues whenever their arms are politely twisted .
The one thing they have in common with liberal Democrats is their dislike for all conservatives , especially those who are Bible - believing .
McCain , as president , would stifle the voices of elected Republican leaders and try to legislate the conservative movement out of existence . "
Senator Richardson went on to say that he would in no way vote for John McCain , if indeed McCain is the Republican nominee ( which he obviously will be ) .
I wonder how many gun owners and other professing pro-freedom Americans have already fallen victim to McCain 's phony conservative campaign ?
Do they not realize that they are giving a rope to the hangman ?
And that they -- conservatives and gun owners -- are the ones who McCain will send to the gallows ?
What is wrong with the American people these days ?
Have they not been betrayed enough by these phony conservative Republicans ?
For example , President George W. Bush recently nominated Michael Sullivan to be Director of the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms , and Explosives .
Sullivan is one of the nation 's most rabid anti-gunners .
GOA 's Larry Pratt describes Sullivan as being " as anti-gun as Ted Kennedy . "
Honest gun owners , lawful firearms dealers , and law - abiding gun show operators could have no worse enemy within the federal government than Michael Sullivan .
We could expect no worse from Hillary Clinton .
And a John McCain Presidency would doubtless give us more of the same .
Regarding the Second Amendment , the American people have no better friend than Ron Paul .
He has a 20 - year proven track record of fidelity to the right to keep and bear arms .
The GOA rates Congressman Paul with a grade of A+. According to GOA Executive Director Larry Pratt , Ron Paul has been a leader in the fight to defend and restore the Second Amendment .
He has sponsored legislation to repeal the following : the Brady law ; the requirement to lock up your guns ; the law permitting the U.S. to be part of the U.N ( which , among other attacks on American freedoms , seeks to ban privately transferred firearms ) ; participation in UNESCO ; federal prohibitions on any pilot wishing to carry a handgun to and in his cockpit ; and the so - called " assault weapons " ban ( prior to its sunsetting in 2004 ) .
Ron Paul has also sponsored legislation requiring states to treat the concealed carry permit of one state the same as they do that state 's driver 's license .
Dr. Paul also opposes a national ID card , which would be a tool of government to identify gun ownership .
Gun owners ( along with conservatives and Christians of all sorts ) should be ashamed of themselves for allowing an angry , gun-grabbing liberal such as John McCain to become the presumptive Republican Presidential nominee , while rejecting the candidacy of one of America 's most principled pro-life , pro-Second Amendment , pro-Constitution , and pro-freedom legislators of this generation : Congressman Ron Paul .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
I say again , the last thing we need is another liberal neocon in the White House .
John McCain may have an " R " behind his name , but he is just another establishment liberal : one America cannot afford .
* If you enjoyed this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
The state oil company , PDVSA , produced 3.2 million barrels per day in 1998 , the year before Mr Chavez won the presidency .
After a decade of rising corruption and inefficiency , daily output has now fallen to 2.4 million barrels , according to OPEC figures .
About half of this oil is now delivered at a discount to Mr Chavez 's friends around Latin America .
The 18 nations in his " Petrocaribe " club , founded in 2005 , pay Venezuela only 30 per cent of the market price within 90 days , with rest in instalments spread over 25 years .
Diandra Leslie - Pelecky , a physics professor , said she got her idea when she was changing the channels one day and happened upon a Nascar race .
Without warning , she recalled , one of the cars hit an outside wall .
None of the cars had bumped , she said , and there were no engine failures or flat tires .
So what happened ?
It was not idle curiosity .
To solve the problem , she immersed herself in racing by spending time with pit crews , crew chiefs , mechanics and drivers , and eventually wrote , “ The Physics of Nascar . ”
The book traces a race car from its design to its race to the finish line .
Sometimes , Ms. Leslie - Pelecky said , she finds herself on the track and thinks , “ How did I get here ? ”
It is because of her “ pit bull gene , ” she decided .
“ When you get to a problem , you do n’t let go until you solve it . ”
( The answer to the mystery of the Nascar crash , by the way , was that a trailing car had changed the shape of the air - flow over the first car , which in turn had reduced the downward air pressure on it , causing its wheels to slip as if it were on ice , and it skidded into the wall . )
Image Lopa Mehrotra , the founder of TestToob.com , a social networking site that allows students to showcase scientific experiments .
Credit ... Geoff Oliver Bugbee for The New York Times
Ms. Mehrotra , Mr. Heim and Ms. Leslie - Pelecky were invited to share their moments of inspiration at the 2008 IdeaFestival in Louisville , Ky. , last month , created by Kris Kimel after he had his own “ Aha ! ” moment .
Mr. Kimel was in Park City , Utah , in the late 1990s , he recalled , and witnessed the success of the Sundance Film Festival .
Why not , he thought , have a diverse festival that celebrates ideas ?
By GottaLaff
Via Huffington Post :
From CNN :
Changing the tax treatment would n't hurt the employer - sponsored system and would allow more of the uninsured to buy their own coverage , [ the McCain campaign says ] .
Also , his advisers say a McCain administration would keep an eye on the credit to make sure it did n't lag behind the cost of coverage , while also working to lower the rate of medical inflation .
Younger , healthier workers likely would n't abandon their company - sponsored plans , said Douglas Holtz - Eakin , McCain 's senior economic policy adviser .
" Why would they leave ? " said Holtz - Eakin .
" What they are getting from their employer is way better than what they could get with the credit . "
Got that ?
The entire premise of McCain 's health care plan is that people can do better on the free market .
That 's why you get a tax credit .
That 's why you would be able to buy insurance across state lines .
The market supposedly makes health insurance cheaper , makes your health insurance company offer better coverage , and makes buying the insurance you need easier .
And things like tying health insurance to employment are anti-free market , which is why the McCain plan taxes employer health benefits to encourage people to get insurance on the individual , free - er market .
Of course , tying health care to employment is the way we 've done things in America for generations , and it turns out it 's also pretty popular .
( Not to mention that insurance companies have to cover you through an employer health care plan , while they can deny you for pre-existing conditions on the individual market . )
And so , in the face of political pressure , you have Douglas Holtz - Eakin admitting the truth .
Faced with the fact that destroying our employer - based health care system is n't exactly a priority for most Americans , he argues that the McCain plan would n't actually destroy the employer - based system .
Why ?
Because the tax credit McCain is offering would n't buy a decent health care plan , even for the young and healthy ! [...]
Shorter Douglas Holtz - Eakin : John McCain 's health care plan wo n't destroy the employer - based insurance system because McCain 's plan does n't work .
Remember John McCain : Less jobs , more war ?
Well now it 's John McCain : More tax , less benefits .
After the final show of his two - month world tour , the singer hits a South Beach hot spot
How do you end a two - month world tour in West Palm Beach ?
If you ’re John Mayer , with a beautiful blonde cocktail waitress waiting in the wings .
While stealing glances backstage at the striking blonde during his mic breaks , Mayer was definitely in party mode at the packed final show of the tour at the Cruzan Amphitheater Sunday night .
Get push notifications with news , features and more .
“ We ’re all drunk , ” said Mayer of himself and his bandmates .
“ Only onstage can you openly drink on your last night .
I ’d like to see George Bush light up a giant joint . ”
Mayer , 30 , also mentioned reading The Secret , the bestseller about the power of positive thinking .
One topic the singer did n’t touch ?
Ex-girlfriend Jennifer Aniston – whom he recently called “ the smartest and most sophisticated woman ” he ’s ever met – by name .
But Mayer did give offer one cryptic comment .
“ I had a conversation recently , ” he told the crowd , “ and a lot of tears were exchanged . ”
The Grammy winner also warned the audience about the price of fame .
“ People say I ’m the hottest thing , part of a corporate machine , ” he said .
“ Well , I ’ve been out here for 10 years .
I do n’t want to have the number - one song .
I want to be number eight .
It ’s a much better place to be .
Because as soon as you become fashion , as soon as you become the flavor of the day , you get crushed . ”
He added : “ Here ’s my advice for you .
Never fully arrive .
Be a work in progress . ”
After the show , Mayer and the blonde waitress headed for SET , an Old Hollywood - style club on South Beach .
The pair hit a private , upstairs area called the Trophy Room where they ordered drinks and kept to themselves .
“ She kept asking him what he wanted to drink and if he liked the music , ” says a source of the mix of house and techno that was playing .
“ They partied till about 3 a.m . ”
The Hill , a daily congressional newspaper , is reporting that the iPhone might soon become a ubiquitous communication device for lawmakers in Washington .
“ The Chief Administrative Office ( CAO ) , which oversees the communications systems for the House , has begun testing a small number of iPhones within its ranks to see if they are compatible with the working needs of lawmakers and staff . ”
The CAO will know by January 2009 if house members will have the option to use the iPhone .
Currently , the phone of choice for our nation ’s lawmakers is the BlackBerry , with “ nearly 8,200 in active use ” , but the CAO is investigating the possibility of making the iPhone a reality after a significant number of congressmen wanted the option .
Giving house members the option of using an iPhone wo n’t come without cost , however .
For starters , the CAO will have to purchase new servers as current email is delivered via a BlackBerry Enterprise server .
Also , if lawmakers choose to use an iPhone , should it become available , they will be forced to pay for it with funds from their Member ’s Representational Allowance , an allotment that each house member gets for use in hiring staff , securing travel arrangements , payment of office rent , and other expenses like office supplies .
Typical allotments vary from house member to member , but generally are in the range of $ 1 million and are supposed to be used to “ support the conduct of the official and representational duties ” of each member .
I can only hope that our elected officials will therefore only be using their iPhones for official business and not to play games like ‘ Spore ’ or ‘ Catch the Egg ’ .
Thousands of workers at the manufacturing firm JCB have voted to accept a pay cut of £ 50 a week to prevent the loss of 350 jobs , it was announced today .
The GMB union said around 2,500 of its members at seven JCB plants in England and Wales had agreed to work a four - day week for the next 13 weeks to help the company weather the economic downturn .
Despite recording pre-tax profits of £ 187 m last year , the company has been badly hit by the downturn in property and construction .
In July this year , it warned of a " rapid decline " in demand .
The union said the move - believed to be the first of its kind in the current economic slump - showed the recession was getting worse and called on the government to instigate a major public works programme to ease its impact .
" I am delighted that we have been able to save 350 jobs , " said GMB officer Keith Hodgkinson .
" The short time is part of a worsening recession and these GMB members expect the government and the Bank of England to take the necessary steps to begin large - scale public works to at least slow the recession down and prevent it getting too deep . "
The union said the pay the workers will lose will partly be made up by money from a government fund .
Factories affected by the decision include Wrexham in North Wales and sites in Cheshire and Staffordshire .
JCB , which employs more than 8,000 people , operates in more than 150 countries and is the world 's third largest manufacturer of construction equipment .
The 62 - year - old company has 10 plants in the UK .
The polls have shown California to be Obama country for months .
And the pundits are still predicting a sea of blue .
But there has been a lot of chatter on the political blogs about an interesting finding on early voting in the state .
According to RedState.com , 104,000 Republicans have voted early or by mail - in ballot , compared with 105,000 Democrats .
The polls showed Barack Obama with an 18 - point lead in California just a few days ago .
The results thus far are the complete opposite .
...
With nearly 210,000 people having voted , the Democrats have only a 1,000 vote advantage !
If we take the liberty of assuming that all Republicans will vote for John McCain and all Democrats will vote for Obama , then the race is incredibly close .
At the Atlantic , Marc Ambinger offers this analysis : " Early voting is very popular in California , and Republicans tend to vote at higher rates than Democrats .
More conservative areas of the state tend to vote early ; Los Angeles County traditionally has the lowest early - voting rate .
Do n't know if the above statistics are correct , but if they are , they 're not usual for that state ...
More importantly though , if Republicans believe that the party breakdown of who is voting early is indicative , then what do they think about what is going on in Nevada , Iowa , New Mexico , Ohio , Indiana , and North Carolina ?
Verdict : Nothingburger . "
* Updated : The Real Clear Politics average of California polls shows Obama with a huge lead : 58.7 % compared to 34 % for McCain .
The Rasmussen spread is even larger .
-- Shelby Grad
Photo : Associated Press
- video encodings still in process -
The radical religious right has succeeded in taking over one of America 's great political parties .
The country is not yet a theocracy but the Republican Party is , and they are driving American politics , using God as a battering ram on almost every issue : crime and punishment , foreign policy , health care , taxation , energy , regulation , social services and so on . " -- Bill MoyersSarah Palin's churches are actively involved in a resurgent movement that was declared heretical by the Assemblies of God in 1949 .
This is the same ' Spiritual Warfare ' movement that was featured in the award winning movie , " Jesus Camp , " which showed young children being trained to do battle for the Lord .
At least three of four of Palin 's churches are involved with major organizations and leaders of this movement , which is referred to as The Third Wave of the Holy Spirit or the New Apostolic Reformation .
The movement is training a young " Joel 's Army " to take dominion over the United States and the world .
Along with her entire family , Sarah Palin was re-baptized at twelve at the Wasilla Assembly of God in Wasilla , Alaska and she attended the church from the time she was ten until 2002 : over two and 1/2 decades .
Sarah Palin's extensive pattern of association with the Wasilla Assembly of God has continued nearly up to the day she was picked by Senator John McCain as a vice - presidential running mate .
Palin 's dedication to the Wasilla church is indicated by a Saturday , September 7 , 2008 , McClatchy news service story detailing possibly improper use of state travel funds by Palin for a trip she made to Wasilla , Alaska to attend , on June 8 , 2008 , both a Wasilla Assembly of God " Masters Commission " graduation ceremony and also a multi-church Wasilla area event known as " One Lord Sunday . "
At the latter event , Palin and Alaska LT Governor Scott Parnell were publicly blessed , onstage before an estimated crowd of 6,000 , through the " laying on of hands " by Wasilla Assembly of God 's Head Pastor Ed Kalnins whose sermons espouse such theological concepts as the possession of geographic territories by demonic spirits and the inter- generational transmission of family " curses " .
Palin has also been blessed , or " anointed , " by an African cleric , prominent in the Third Wave movement , who has repeatedly visited the Wasilla Assembly of God and claims to have effected positive , dramatic social change in a Kenyan town by driving out a " spirit of witchcraft .
"
The Wasilla Assembly of God church is deeply involved with both Third Wave activities and theology .
Their Master 's Commission program is part of an three year post - high school international training program with studies in prophecy , intercessory prayer , Biblical exegesis , authority and leadership .
The pastor , Ed Kalnins , and Masters Commission students have traveled to South Carolina to participate in a " prophetic conference " at Morningstar Ministries , one of the major ministries of the Third Wave movement .
Becky Fischer was a pastor at Morningstar prior to being featured in the movie " Jesus Camp . "
The head of prophecy at Morningstar , Steve Thompson , is currently scheduled to do a prophecy seminar at the Wasilla Assembly of God .
Other major leaders in the movement have also traveled to Wasilla to visit and speak at the church .
Happy Decimal Digits 23,913,007 through 23,913,015 of Pi day !
Yes , at the 23,913,007th digit ( not counting the 3 ) is the string
10/07/2008 [ precisely , … 95510072008255… ] .
Apparently being only 24 million digits in in a bit of a lucky stroke : tomorrow ’s date of 10/08/2008 first appears 100 million digits later , at the 124,023,083th place .
( See Pi-Search for more such fun . )
Then I stared wondering about e.
Sadly , being the less famous relation of π has its drawbacks and e does n’t have its own search page .
There is , however , a list of the first two million digits of e , which includes 1007 for 10 /07 , but not 10072008 .
Bummer we were n’t writing this a year ago : the string 10/7/2007 manages to squeeze in towards the end .
( The string 360 is much more popular : it starts at the 285th decimal digit in the expansion of pi , and occurs almost immediately in e : 2.718281828459045235 360 2874 … )
Suppose you want to look for a name instead ?
Dr. Mike has translated 31,415,929 digits of pi and 27,182,818 digits of e into Base 27 , to represent the 26 letters and punctuation .
The laws of probability make long names hard to find , and even with all those digits GODZILLA does n’t appear in the translated numbers ( nor does MOTHRA ) , though a lot of other words do , as he explains at the bottom of each page .
Interestingly , Dr. Mike used in base 27 to estimate the digits of e. Hooray for Calc II and series convergence !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
DETROIT — Sales of new cars and trucks in the United States plummeted in October to levels not seen in the auto industry in 25 years .
The stunning fall - off affected all automakers , as shaky consumer confidence and the inability of many eager shoppers to get loans because of tight credit drove sales down 31.9 percent during the month compared with the same period last year .
The grim results — particularly for General Motors , whose sales dropped by 45 percent during the month — raised new concerns about the chances of survival for Detroit ’s troubled Big Three .
The auto figures add to the steady march of statistics that suggest the broader economy is grinding to a slower pace .
A measure of overall manufacturing activity in the United States fell last month to its lowest level in 26 years , according to data released Monday .
The Commerce Department also said that construction spending fell for the eighth time in 10 months in September .
The Paulson Bail - Out Plan is Mortgage Fraud on Historic Scale ?
The $ 750 billion banking system bailout proposed by Secretary of the Treasury Henry M. Paulson met with a cool reception on Capitol Hill this morning at a hearing of the Senate Banking Committee .
Nevertheless , a bill is likely to pass both houses of Congress within the next couple of weeks .
As Senator Tim Johnson ( D - SD ) said , it 's “ a necessary evil . ”
But is it also an example of “ mortgage fraud ” on a historic scale ?
The proposal would involve purchase by the federal government of “ toxic assets ” held by thousands of financial institutions .
A bill will pass , because , as Senator Bob Bennett ( R - UT ) said , “ the economy runs on credit . ”
In fact the credit system has started to shut down in the largest financial crisis since the Great Depression .
Committee chairman Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) and Democratic member Chuck Schumer ( D - NY ) made reference to the private briefing of congressional leaders last Thursday night by Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke , when they told lawmakers the “ arteries of the financial system were clogged and that a heart attack was imminent . ”
The financial system indeed lies in ruins .
In the last year , Wall Street has shed 200,000 jobs .
The bailout comes on the heels of the failure of the nation 's investment banks , including Bear Stearns ( purchased by J.P. Morgan Chase ) , Lehman Brothers ( bankruptcy ) , Merrill Lynch ( purchased by Bank of America ) , Morgan Stanley , and Goldman Sachs ( both converted to bank holding companies ) .
Over the past two weeks , the federal government also placed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into conservatorship and took over insurance giant AIG .
Total federal liabilities from actions taken so far could exceed $ 1.1 trillion .
Already the Bush administration wants to raise the debt ceiling to $ 11.3 trillion , and the projected fiscal year 2009 federal deficit is starting to look closer to $ 1 trillion than the current estimate by the Congressional Budget Office of $ 438 billion .
But not too long ago , officials of the Bush administration , along with Republican presidential candidate John McCain , were telling everyone that economic fundamentals are sound , and that while there has been a downturn , there is not even a recession .
One of the architects of financial deregulation , former Senator Phil Gramm , a sometime McCain advisor , chastised the public for being a “ nation of whiners . ”
Now , suddenly we are facing a catastrophe .
As Senator Jon Tester ( D - MT ) asked Paulson , “ Why do we have only one week to allocate $ 750 billion ? ”
There was no answer .
In their opening statements , all the senators who were present , including ranking Republican member Richard Shelby ( R - AL ) and Elizabeth Dole ( R- NC ) , complained to Paulson , Bernanke , and Securities and Exchange Commission Chris Cox about lax regulation .
Senator Dodd said that to issue Paulson a blank check “ would put the Constitution at risk . ”
Most of the senators agreed they would not allow Wall Street gamblers a free lunch at public expense without oversight provisions and assurance that CEOs would not be paid enormous bonuses or receive golden parachutes .
Though it was unlikely to happen , others said taxpayers should gain from corporate benefits that resulted from the bailout or should even become passive shareholders of institutions that received money .
But would the bailout really fix the system ?
Obviously , for it to do so , it would have to address and correct the cause .
So what is the cause ?
According to Paulson , the cause is “ defaults on mortgages . ”
Senator Schumer agreed that , “ It 's been mortgages that have brought the financial system to its knees . ”
Senator Bennett said , “ the housing bubble has burst , ” with others pointing out that for many homeowners the value of their homes now was much less than when they bought them .
Paulson agreed that “ housing values have been falling , ” but he did not elaborate on why millions of Americans could no longer pay their mortgages .
Cox blamed it on a “ failure of lending standards ” and said that the SEC had a number of ongoing investigations of fraud in the mortgage application process .
Nevertheless , Paulson made it clear that his proposal was not to help distressed homeowners , saying “ every homeowner wo n't save their home . ”
And that is the crux of the problem , which explains why Paulson 's proposal may keep the financial system alive but wo n't help anyone who was hurt by the housing bubble in the first place .
Senator Dodd agreed with Paulson that , “ the proposal will not help a single family save their home . ”
And even though he said the plan should “ put an end to foreclosures and defaults , ” it wo n't .
In fact , according to a September 22 , 2008 , article by Elizabeth Williamson in the Wall Street Journal entitled , “ Banks Rush to Shape Rescue Plan ” :
“ Lobbyists and financial - services executives are working deep connections within the administration to ensure as many institutions as possible benefit from a $ 700 billion federal mechanism to buy distressed assets , then sell them off in better times .
In a particularly controversial move , they also oppose proposals by Democrats in Congress to provide mortgage reductions for homeowners facing bankruptcy .
Bankers say such a move would raise rates for mortgage seekers , as banks factor in the possibility that a loan would be restructured in court . ”
The article quoted a bank industry lobbyist : “ How you publicly oppose loan modifications and bankruptcy law while at the same time advocating a huge taxpayer bailout is beyond me .
Pigs get fat and hogs get slaughtered . ”
The committee never addressed the issue of why the bankers would oppose homeowner relief .
Could it be that they actually favor foreclosures ?
Could it be that a situation where millions of foreclosed homes across America can be bought today for dimes on the dollar is somehow to their advantage ?
Or to the advantage of other investors who are now working the U.S. foreclosure markets , such as foreign sovereign equity funds ?
These questions did not come up at the Banking Committee 's hearing , though they should have .
Nor did anyone talk about why the housing bubble arose in the first place , though the fact is that the Bush administration and Federal Reserve combined to generate it to get the nation out of the 2000 - 2001 recession .
At the time , Bush needed money and could not afford the continued decline of federal tax revenues .
He needed the money to pay for his tax cuts for the rich enacted in March 2001 and for his wars in the Middle East , which started with the invasion of Afghanistan immediately after the 9/11 attacks .
Nor did the committee address the fact that fixing the failed economic system will not repair an economy where consumer purchasing power has been devastated over the last generation by continued export of the nation 's manufacturing job base to other countries .
The one senator who even touched on this point was Tim Johnson , who said “ We need sustainable economic growth . ”
But no one asked how this was possible with a recession on its way .
Indeed , the “ R ” word was never mentioned , though Bernanke said several times that the Paulson plan would help as “ the economy recovers . ”
Obviously a real solution would involve not only homeowner relief and taxpayer guarantees for a controlled bailout , but also rebuilding the U.S. economy .
But no one wanted to talk about that today .
Maybe it 's because this latest piece of “ mortgage fraud ” is designed mainly to keep the economy afloat until the presidential election , because a collapse would drag down John McCain and the Republicans with it .
And heaven forbid that anything should ever be proposed that would threaten the stranglehold the banking industry has over every man , woman , and child in America .
By Richard C. Cook
http:// www.richardccook.com
Copyright 2008 by Richard C. Cook
Richard C. Cook is a former U.S. federal government analyst , whose career included service with the U.S. Civil Service Commission , the Food and Drug Administration , the Carter White House , NASA , and the U.S. Treasury Department .
His articles on economics , politics , and space policy have appeared on numerous websites .
His book on monetary reform entitled We Hold These Truths : The Hope of Monetary Reform will be published soon by Tendril Press .
He is also the author of Challenger Revealed : An Insider 's Account of How the Reagan Administration Caused the Greatest Tragedy of the Space Age , called by one reviewer , “ the most important spaceflight book of the last twenty years . ” His Challenger website is at www.richardccook.com .
A new economics website at www.RealSustainableLiving.com is upcoming with partner / author Susan Boskey .
To get on his mailing list , for questions and comments , or to pre-purchase copies of his new book , please write EconomicSanity@gmail.com .
Richard C. Cook Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
JW
02 Oct 08 , 11:46 Legalizing Bank Robbery
The Mortgage Forgiveness Debt Relief
Act of 2007 removed the last incentive for borrowers to remain in “ their ” homes .
This law must be rewritten and retitled the Patriotic Mortgage Repayment Act of 2008 .
The Patriotic Mortgage Repayment Act of 2008 -
If a borrower defaults on a mortgage and the market value of the collateral is insufficient to repay the money borrowed , the Treasury will recover 105 % of the residual borrowed but unpaid amount using IRS collection methods and interest schedules .
Such a law would prevent the general population from bailing out the speculators that purchased more house than they could reasonably afford .
These wannabee flippers took grandma ’s money out of the bank , now the bank has collapsed the the FDIC is having to pay off grandmas .
The least these deadbeats should do is repay 100 % of grandmas ’ money to the treasury plus 5 % as a handling fee .
It should be trivial for the borrower to meet his obligation .
After the foreclosure sale recovers 60 % of the original loan , the payments on the remaining 40 % loss should be well within the budget of even the biggest speculative wannabe flipper real estate genius that bought at the top of the market using grandma ’s money .
Alexander Higgins
14 Oct 08 , 00:33 Wall Street Gate
Please someone tell the public the truth .
Every time the fed injects cash into a bank , or does a take over , the money is going directly toward paying off illegal insurances policies ( Credit default swaps ) .
People have been complaining along time about insider trading in credit default swaps and hedge funds manipulating markets
Look at our current stock market crash .
Its been caused by and insurance fraud scheme ran by wall street insiders ( wall street execs + Hedge fund managers ) .
It works like this 1 ) They take insurance policies to protect a rating cut and or bankruptcy AKA Credit default swap .
2 ) Greedy CEO 's involved in scheme take on trillions insurance policies they can't pay to make the banks risky .
They new exactly what risk they where taking and did it on purpose so it would make it easier to make the stock prices tank .
3 ) Hedge funds short the stock .. drive down the stock price and get the credit ratings cut .
Everyone in the scam makes billions 1 ) on the short selling and 2 ) collecting the on the insurance policy / credit default swap .
They continue tanking a stock even more forcing it into bankruptcy the whole time collecting trillions in insurance claims on these Credit Default Swaps .
Lehman's AIG , Merrill , Wachovia , WaMu all victims of this scam .
It has caused the stock market crash .
read more : http://blog.alexanderhiggins.com/2008/10/what-caused-the-stock-market-crash-credit-default-swap-scandal-revealed.html
There are important stories in regional papers today that touch on something that has been happening behind closed doors and is now starting to become public : clashing between state parties and the McCain campaign in two key states .
In Florida , the differences between Gov. Charlie Crist 's state party and the McCain campaign have for weeks been an open secret among the political class .
Now comes word , via the St. Pete Times ' Adam Smith , that the Florida GOP is holding back some of its money for the next cycle .
" State party officials announced to their state executive committee Saturday that they expect to carry over at least $ 2 million into 2009 , rather than spend all their money on this election . "
The news came on the same day that Crist was explaining why he had n't appeared in any ads for McCain in the state .
' ' I have n't been asked , '' Crist explained to the Miami Herald 's Mary Ellen Klas .
Up I - 95 , in Virginia , it is n't much better .
Party Chairman Jeff Frederick was rebuked by McCain for likening Obama to Osama bin Laden last week .
And when McCain was in Frederick 's backyard for a rally in Prince William County yesterday — he 's also a state legislator — the chairman had no role in the program .
But the problem in Virginia began well before Frederick 's gaffe .
Veteran Virginia
Republicans do n't think much of McCain 's organization and were dumbfounded as to why it took them so long to bring the candidate and his running mate back into the state .
Likewise , McCain aides are annoyed at what they see as provincialism among Virginia Republicans and some of Frederick 's off - message comments about the campaign .
To wit , the Richmond Times - Dispatch 's Jeff E. Schapiro 's Sunday column :
" The chatter over Frederick 's tense relationship with McCain also continues .
Frederick 's apparent frustrations with McCain seem to reflect those of conservatives in general .
The feelings must be mutual .
" In an e-mail to Frederick after the latest dust - up , the McCain team warned , ' Come on , man , this [ expletive ] has got to stop . ' "
comments closed
permalink
Italians flood Rome in anti-Berlusconi protest Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday October 25 , 2008
Print This Email This ROME ( AFP ) 
Italy 's opposition staged a giant rally in Rome Saturday , claiming 2.5 million people had taken to the streets to protest against tycoon Silvio Berlusconi 's right - wing government .
In a demonstration organised by Walter Veltroni 's centre - left Democratic party ( PD ) , left - wing activists marched to the Circus Maximus under a sea of red and green opposition flags proclaiming that " another Italy is possible . "
Veltroni , whose PD is riding low in the polls after its defeat to Berlusconi's new conservative People of Freedom ( PDL ) in May , called the protest the biggest in recent years .
" From what I can see and from the information I am receiving , this is the biggest protest organised by a party in a number of years , " said Veltroni at the rally .
" It is proof that democracy is alive and well ...
We could never have imagined such a large turnout , " he added .
A police source later however put the number at about 200,000 .
Veltroni heaped scorn on Berlusconi , a controversial self - made billionaire and media mogul , whose conservative policies and legal amendments to avoid prosecution for alleged corruption have sparked indignation .
" Democracy is not run by the board of a company , " Veltroni said , swiping at Berlusconi 's credentials to administer the country and saying he was " totally incompetent to face the grave social and economic crisis . "
" Remember another Italy is possible , " Veltroni added .
The 53 - year - old who served as Rome 's mayor evoked the plight of Roberto Saviano , author of a best - selling mafia expose who now fears for his life and has been living in hiding , as another example of what he called Berlusconi 's incapacity .
" We are all behind Roberto Saviano , " he said .
Saviano , 28 , whose book " Gomorrah " has been translated into 42 languages , has lived under police protection for two years .
The screen version of " Gomorrah " won second prize at the 2008 Cannes film festival and is now in the running for an Oscar .
One demonstrator warned that Berlusconi could distort the figure of the protest .
" Even if we are one million people protesting today , Berlusconi will say there was only one hundred of us .
And he will be able to do that because he controls so much of the media , " said Livio Giorgi .
Another protester , Maria Turri , who was demonstrating against the government 's plans to cut the education budget , carried a placard saying : " Hello children ...
Your mother is protesting for you ! "
" My children have no guarantees for the future .
We do not want a US - style society where we cannot afford the schools .
The government must invest more money into state schools instead of giving it to the banks , " she told AFP .
Gianni Mazzoni from the northern city of Modena said while Italy needed to be modernised , Berlusconi 's method was clearly all wrong .
" Italy needs to modernise certain services like schools , universities and health but not in the way that Berlusconi wants to , " he said .
" He just wants to dismantle the public services , close all the schools and kick out the teachers .
Eight billion euros less for education ? " he thundered .
Unions allege that the government plans to do away with more than 100,000 teaching positions between now and 2012 .
The protest follows a similar demonstration by left - wing activists earlier this month against Berlusconi 's conservative policies and his avoiding prosecution for alleged corruption .
Chrome now has Greasemonkey support .
The Chromium patch came from Aaron Boodman , who is at once a Google employee and the brains behind the original Firefox Greasemonkey extension .
It makes me wonder if this is the plan for Chrome add - ons .
Forget about anything like Firefox ’s add - on mechanism and just rely on Greasemonkey .
With the right APIs , it ’s all you need .
For a long time , I have been confused and disturbed by the disparity between Greasemonkey and Firefox extensions .
Creating a Greasemonkey extension is dead simple for any Ajax developer ; creating a bona fide Firefox extension is more complicated , and involves writing the kind of meta - descriptions and JARs that most Ajax folk avoid .
( The kind of simplicity mantra that has made JQuery king of the hill for now . )
You might recall I automagically ported the domain teleporter Greasemonkey script to a Firefox extension a while back .
That this was possible , and easy , demonstrates that the Firefox extension mechanism could be made a lot simpler .
I thought there was talk of doing it for FF3 , but it did n’t happen .
What do Firefox extensions do that Greasemonkey can ’t ?
Nothing Greasemonkey can’t get around .
Extended access - manipulating the Browser Object Model , accessing local file system , etc .
All of this could be possible from a Greasemonkey script with the right APIs available .
There are security implications , of course , but as long as users are aware of who can do what , it 's no different from what we have now .
It may be even better , due to Greasemonkey 's built - in wildcard - based URL filtering , so that certain apps might only be limited to certain domains .
Metadata - certain metadata is present in an extension .
This could just as easily be part of Greasemonkey 's metadata .
It ’s my hope that Google ’s vision for Chrome plugins is Greasemonkey on Steroids , and that this unleashes a whole new ecosystem of powerful add - ons that have until now required too much effort to build .
Martin Philbert , who chaired the subcommittee and serves on the board did not vote .
Philbert , a professor at the University of Michigan , is founder and co-director of a center that received a $ 5 million donation last summer from an anti-regulation advocate .
Palin's stopover
I wrote the other day that a Palin spokeswoman said trips to Germany , Kuwait and Ireland made up her foreign travel .
Two details worth clarifying :
The Ireland trip was a refueling stop on her trip to military installations in Germany and Kuwait , spokeswoman Maria Comella said .
And she 's also visited Canada , another spokesman , Ben Porritt , says .
Colored Word Portraits
By : Jeff Clark Date : Tue , 28 Oct 2008
Just for the fun of it I 've modified my word portrait code to create colored images .
Here is one for Obama again generated from ' HOPE ' , ' CHANGE ' , and ' YES WE CAN ' .
These images also use vertical text which allows filling more of the available space .
Click image to see a larger version
The font used in the image above is called Impact .
Here is a second image created with a different font that is very thin - Bernhard Fashion BT .
Click image to see a larger version
Sir Paul McCartney 's Heather Mills RANT on New Single ( Video )
Ex Beatlessounds explosively bitter in his latest song Nothing Much , Just Out of Sight from his Electric Arguments album .
Usually one to keep his feelings tight lipped , the legendary musician really let loose with a rant in this latest single .
Apparently ex wifeleft some pretty deep wounds that the singer is still working through .
McCartney has collaborated with Youth in a series of electronic music experiments to which they 've given the moniker The Fireman .
New album Electric Arguments will be released on November 17 , 2008 .
Here 's the great part about Paul 's latest project - the album was completed in just 13 days and each song was written and recorded the same day and is a reflection of Macca 's feeling that very day .
Listening to the lyrics in Nothing Much , Just Out of Sight is painful - a bit hard to understand with all the screaming but we did catch a key phrase that seems to say it all " And you have money but no manners . "
Check out the video below .
Photo : WENN
Source
The New American Century : Cut Short By 92 Years
America 's time as a superpower is coming to an end .
The financial crisis was just the last straw .
Whatever good faith was left after the invasion of Iraq , the shrugging off of international treaties and the shameless disregard for human rights , is now gone .
The United States has polluted the global economic system with worthless mortgage - backed securities and , by doing so , has pushed 6 billion people closer to a long and painful recession .
That 's not something that can be easily forgiven .
The anger at the US seems to be surfacing everywhere at once .
It was particularly noticable at the recent opening of the UN General Assembly .
Typically , this is a tedious event full of empty political blabbering and pretentious ceremonies .
But not this time .
With the world sliding towards a US - created recession ; patience have worn thin , and foreign leaders have started to lashing out at the United States more vehemently .
The speeches have been blunt and acrimonious ; no one is " pulling their punches " any more .
Venezuela 's Hugo Chavez summed up the mood of the meetings like this :
" I think that , sooner rather than later , this empire will fall - to the benefit of the whole world , enabling a balance in the world to be created : polycentric and multi-polar .
That will guarantee peace in the world .
To the creation of this multi-polar world we are making our small contribution . "
Chavez likes the American people but opposes the American Empire ; it 's that simple .
He was the first foreign leader to offer food and medical assistance to the victims of Hurricane Katrina .
( Bush refused his offer )
Also , he regularly supplies tons of heating oil to low - income families in the Northeast USA .
What Chavez objects to is Bush 's " unipolar " model of global governance whereby all the world 's crucial decisions -- on everything from global warming to nuclear proliferation -- are made by Washington .
No one likes being told what to do , just as no one likes the US constantly meddling in their affairs .
That 's why none of the UN attendees seem particularly bothered by the fact that the US financial markets are in freefall .
It 's called schadenfreude , taking pleasure in someone elses misfortune , and there was ample supply of it at the United Nations last week .
Many of the dignitaries seem to believe that America 's sudden downturn presents opportunities for a change in the way the world is run .
That 's what everyone wants ; change .
Real change .
No one wants another 8 years like the last .
That 's why the central theme in Chavez 's speech was repeated over and over again by the other world leaders .
They reject the present system and want a bigger role in shaping the world 's future .
That does n't mean that the world hates America .
It just means that everyone wants a breather from the torture , the abductions , the bombing of civilians , and now , the financial contagion that the US has spread throughout the global system .
The US 's lack of regulation and low interest monetary policies have driven up inflation , triggered food riots , and sent oil prices skyrocketing .
Enough is enough .
The United States is like the dinner guest who does n't know when it 's time to go home .
Perhaps , a touch of recession will help to rebalance Washington 's approach and make its leaders more responsive to the needs of the rest of the world .
In any event , other nations are already preparing for a world where America 's role is greatly reduced .
Journalist John Gray summed it up like this in his article in The Observer , " A Shattering Moment in America 's fall from Power " :
" The control of events is no longer in American hands ..... Having created the conditions that produced history 's biggest bubble , America 's political leaders appear unable to grasp the magnitude of the dangers the country now faces .
Mired in their rancorous culture wars and squabbling among themselves , they seem oblivious to the fact that American global leadership is fast ebbing away .
A new world is coming into being almost unnoticed , where America is only one of several great powers , facing an uncertain future it can no longer shape . "
The US is about to join the family of nations and learn how to get along with its neighbors whether it wants to or not .
There 's simply no other choice ; the dollar is falling , the deficits are soaring , and the financial markets are in a shambles .
America will either learn to cooperate or become isolated in a world that is rapidly integrating .
It 's " get along or get out " ; a message that Washington needs to learn quickly so it can adapt to a new power - paradigm .
Yes ; plenty of money will still go into covert operations and CIA - sponsored dirty tricks just to keep alive the hope the Superpowerdom will be restored .
That is to be expected .
The well - heeled rogues in the British royal family still dream of rebuilding the Empire , too .
But realists know that it 's just a harmless fantasy .
Nothing will come of it .
Empire 's have a short shelf - life and they 're impossible to stitch - back together .
They usually end on a corpse strewn battlefield or in a towering financial bonfire which leaves nothing behind but a pile of ashes and shards of broken glass .
We can only hope that the yawning economic chasm ahead of us all , will involve less hardship than we anticipate .
But when a nation sows dragon 's teeth , it should n't expect a harvest of sweet plums .
Journalist Steve Watson reports on Infowars :
" A Council on Foreign Relations member and former policy planner under prominent Bilderberger Henry Kissinger has penned a piece in the Financial Times of London calling for a “ new global monetary authority ” that would have the power to monitor all national financial authorities and all large global financial companies .
“ Even if the US 's massive financial rescue operation succeeds , it should be followed by something even more far - reaching – the establishment of a Global Monetary Authority to oversee markets that have become borderless . " writes Jeffrey Garten also a former managing director of Lehman Brothers
The biggest global financial companies would have to register with the Global Monetary Authority ( GMA ) and be subject to its monitoring , or be blacklisted .
That includes commercial companies and banks , but also sovereign wealth funds , gigantic hedge funds and private equity firms .
The GMA 's board would have to include central bankers not just from the US , UK , the eurozone and Japan , but also China , Saudi Arabia and Brazil .
It would be financed by mandatory contributions from every capable country and from insurance - type premiums from global financial companies – publicly listed , government owned , and privately held alike . "
( Infowar.com )
The dream of " one world " government does not die easily , but it is dead all the same .
The center of the present global financial system is the Federal Reserve .
Its offspring includes the Council on Foreign Relations , the IMF , The World Bank , the G - 7 banking cartel and thousands of predatory NGOs which have expanded the grip of the Washington banking cabal and the dollarized system across the planet .
Neoliberalism is collapsing .
What we are seeing now is the erratic spasms of a terminal heart patient entering the final stages of cardiac arrest .
There is no drug or medical procedure that will restore the victim to good health .
No one is looking to the US or its " economic hit - men " to chart a course for their country 's economic future .
Those day 's are over .
The US will have to pull itself from the rubble and start over without the massive infusions of low interest capital from China , Japan and the Gulf States .
The money spigots have been turned off .
It 's thin gruel and hard times ahead .
That 's the price one pays for swindling the world with worthless mortgage - backed snake oil and other " illiquid " garbage .
Russian President Vladimir Putin summed up recent events in the financial markets like this :
“ Everything that is happening in the economic and financial sphere has started in the United States .
This is a real crisis that all of us are facing , and what is really sad is that we see an inability to take appropriate decisions .
This is no longer irresponsibility on the part of some individuals , but irresponsibility of the whole system , which as you know had pretensions to ( global ) leadership . ”
Back at the United Nations , Germany 's Finance Minister Peer Steinbuck echoed similar sentiments when he said :
“ The United States is solely to be blamed for the financial crisis .
They are the cause for the crisis and it is not Europe and it is not the Federal Republic of Germany .
The Anglo - Saxon drive for double - digit profits and massive bonuses for bankers and company executives that were responsible for the financial crisis . ”
He added , " The long term consequences of the crisis are not clear .
but one thing seems likely to me ; the USA will lose its superpower status in the global financial system .
The world financial system is becoming multipolar . "
Steinbuck was merely reiterating the feelings of Chancellor Angela Merkel who used more diplomatic language in her critique :
“ The current crisis shows us you can do some things on the national level , but the overwhelming majority must be agreed to on the international level .
We must push for clearer regulations so that a crisis like the current one cannot be repeated . ”
Merkel knows that Europe was blind - sighted by America 's deregulated system which allows crooks and chiselers to rule the roost .
Even now -- in the middle of the biggest financial scandal in history -- not one CEO or CFO from a major investment bank has been indicted or dragged off to prison .
US markets are a lawless " free for all " where no one is held accountable no matter how large the crime or how many people are hurt .
But , there 's a price to be paid for running a crooked system and fleecing investors , and the US will pay that price .
Already , the purchase of US Treasurys has slowed to a crawl .
In the coming months , America 's life - support system will be disconnected altogether and the oxygen tent removed .
Kissinger 's protege is not worried about that ; but working class American 's should be .
There 's a train wreck just ahead and many people will suffer needlessly .
This is how Spiegel Online puts it :
" The banking crisis is upending American dominance of the financial markets and world politics .
The industrialized countries are sliding into recession , the era of turbo - capitalism is coming to an end and US military might is ebbing .... This is no longer the muscular and arrogant United States the world knows , the superpower that sets the rules for everyone else and that considers its way of thinking and doing business to be the only road to success .
A new America is on display , a country that no longer trusts its old values and its elites even less : the politicians , who failed to see the problems on the horizon , and the economic leaders , who tried to sell a fictitious world of prosperity to Americans .... Also on display is the end of arrogance .
The Americans are now paying the price for their pride . "
( Spiegel Online , " America loses its Dominant Economic Role " )
President Dmitry Medvedev was not present at the opening ceremonies at the United Nations , but his views on the nascent " multipolar " world are worth considering .
In a recent interview he said :
" We can not have a single polar world .
The world has to have various poles .
A policentric world is the only way of ensuring security for the years ahead .
So I think it is a very promising direction for our country to pursue ...
The world is more stable when there are a range of major , important political players .
In a multipolar world , everyone influences everyone else .
We will work to extend ourselves .
I do not think that the bipolar world that existed between NATO and the Warsaw Pact ( The Cold War ) has any future prospects .
But it is clear today that the single - polar world is completely unable to manage crisis situations . "
Both presidential candidates have vowed to continue the unilateralist Bush Doctrine .
Obama is just as eager as McCain to violate sovereign borders , invade countries that pose no imminent national security threat to the US , and carry out the many flagrant violations of human rights and international law as long as it advances the geopolitical objectives of western mandarins .
There 's no doubt that the impending financial meltdown will bring our leaders back to their senses and help to restore the republic .
The US needs a foreign policy that does n't require slaughtering people in their homes or ripping off their retirement savings to maintain our standard of living .
The war that Bush has launched against the world -- the war on terror - - will persist for years after the US financial system collapses in a heap .
The will to power is fueled by arrogance , class consciousness , and a " sense of entitlement " that is stronger than even the will to survive .
This is the force that animates the destructive , suicidal impulses of the current conflict .
And that is why the war will continue .
The social fabric within the US will be torn to shreds long before the fighting stops .
A strong sense of entitlement creates the belief that " The world is mine to do with whatever I choose ; the claims of others are of no consequence " .
These feelings cannot be changed through logic or rational discussion ; they must be eradicated with a scalpel the same way one would remove a cancerous tumor .
There 's trouble ahead .
The multi-polar world is about to collide head - on with the " faith - based " unipolar world and millions are bound to suffer .
But there is no doubt about the final outcome .
The geopolitical plates are shifting inexorably away from Washington .
America 's ability to wage war will steadily erode as capital and resources dry up .
Its only a matter of time before the war machine sputters to a halt and the troops return home .
When the killing stops , a truly new world order will begin .
By Mike Whitney
Email : fergiewhitney@msn.com
Mike is a well respected freelance writer living in Washington state , interested in politics and economics from a libertarian perspective .
Mike Whitney Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
One of Barack Obama 's most potent campaign claims is that he 'll cut taxes for no less than 95 % of " working families . "
He 's even promising to cut taxes enough that the government 's tax share of GDP will be no more than 18.2 % -- which is lower than it is today .
It 's a clever pitch , because it lets him pose as a middle - class tax cutter while disguising that he's also proposing one of the largest tax increases ever on the other 5 % .
But how does he conjure this miracle , especially since more than a third of all Americans already ...
Exclusive : Mom Accused of Murder Speaks
Out A mom accused of causing boy 's death from salt poisoning speaks out from jail .
CORPUS CHRISTI , Texas , Oct. 24 , 2008  --
When 4 - year - old Andrew Burd arrived at a hospital in critical condition in the fall of 2006 , doctors did n't have a clue as to what was wrong with him .
Blood tests soon revealed that he had salt poisoning , or hypernatremia .
Andrew 's levels were off the charts -- almost double the norm and among the highest ever recorded .
Doctors turned to Hannah Overton , a 29 - year - old pregnant mother of four who was in the process of adopting Andrew .
She told them Andrew had thrown a fit that afternoon after he'd been fed a full lunch .
Instead of giving him more food , she said she put a few dashes of creole seasoning in a sippy cup of water .
But that did n't calm him , she said , and a few moments later he fell to the floor , vomited and complained of being cold .
Overton said she suspected the flu , but after an hour and a half , Andrew 's condition did n't improve .
That 's when she and her husband , Larry , took Andrew to the hospital .
The Overtons ' story aroused the suspicions of doctors and investigators .
The next day Andrew died and the devout Christian couple , which had no criminal history , became murder suspects .
As the investigation continued , authorities developed a theory that Andrew 's death was an intentional poisoning .
" We were just waiting for someone to look at it and say ' This is just an accident , ' " Larry Overton told " 20/20 . "
" Instead , we were arrested . "
To investigators , Andrew 's sudden and bizarre death was no accident .
Within days , the authorities had begun weaving a sinister tale of murder .
They painted Hannah Overton as a pregnant mother of four young children who became overwhelmed with the arrival of a foster child .
The arrest warrants painted the Overton home as a house of horrors , where Andrew was monitored by a camera and was punished with spicy seasoning .
Detectives even used the Overtons ' children to build a case against them , saying unusual forms of punishment had been previously used .
" This case boils down to a woman who , basically , tortured a child , " said prosecutor Sandra Eastwood , " becoming so enraged she forced him to have 23 teaspoons of hot pepper and then watching him die in agony . "
A grand jury returned an indictment on capital murder .
In the state of Texas , if a child younger than 6 dies at the hands of another person , it 's considered a capital case .
The charge carries a minimum life sentence .
Charged With Capital Murder : Rush to Judgment ?
The Overtons ' church community saw the accusations against Hannah and Larry as ludicrous and rallied around the couple , raising nearly $ 700,000 for their defense .
" What they came up with and what really happened were completely different things , " said the Rev. Rod Carver .
" It 's so bizarre , " Noreen Carver , Rod Carver 's wife , said , " because [ Hannah Overton 's ] really the last person you would think would be charged with this type of crime . "
The Overtons and their supporters claimed there was a rush to judgment -- that the authorities had never considered alternate theories .
The Overtons said that in the four months Andrew had lived with them , he had exhibited excessive tantrums and obsessive eating .
Hannah says she started noticing that Andrew was hoarding food , stealing off the other children 's plates and throwing tantrums after meal time was over .
At times , they say , they caught him trying to eat things that were n't even edible .
" Anything that he found , he would try and put in his mouth .
He would also eat the cat food , the dog food , out of the trash can , " Hannah Overton told " 20/20 . "
The Overtons believe this unexplained behavior might have been linked to Andrew 's death .
" Something was wrong with Andrew .
I do n't know exactly how or what happened to him , " Hannah Overton said .
" Something caused his sodium levels to rise , and it was n't me . "
While Hannah and Larry Overton awaited separate trials , Hannah Overton gave birth to a baby girl named Emma .
Child welfare services placed all five Overton children with loved ones , allowing the couple only supervised visits .
Medical Mystery or Murder ?
From day one of Hannah Overton 's trial in August 2007 , the prosecution portrayed her as a mother who had lost control .
Frustrated with a naughty child , prosecutors said , she tried to punish him with seasoning mixed in water and then neglected to get him medical attention , knowing that he was dying .
Detectives questioned why Hannah Overton had n't called 911 , instead driving Andrew to the hospital .
One doctor calculated that it would take at least 23 teaspoons of creole seasoning ( equivalent to 7 teaspoons of salt ) to get Andrew 's sodium level as high as it was when he arrived at the hospital .
Medical staff from the hospital also took the stand , testifying that they noticed bruising and scratching on the child 's body when he arrived at the hospital .
Prosecutors speculated these marks could be signs of abuse , or a struggle .
" Could it be that you held his nose , held his neck and made him drink this horrible concoction ? " prosecutor Sandra Eastwood asked at trial .
" Absolutely not , " Hannah Overton testified .
The prosecution also countered claims by the Overtons about Andrew 's strange behavior .
Witnesses , including Andrew 's former foster mother Sharon Hamil , took the stand and told jurors the boy seemed perfectly healthy and never exhibited odd or excessive eating .
" Andrew was not a difficult child to take care of , " said Hamil .
" At least he was not when he was with me . "
The defense presented the jury with a medical mystery .
They speculated Andrew might have had Pica , an eating disorder characterized by an obsessive appetite .
Witnesses outside the home had seen Andrew 's bizarre habits too .
Hannah Overton told jurors that she thought the behavior was unusual , but had learned in adoption classes that children in foster care often exhibited issues with food .
When the problems escalated , she alerted Andrew 's adoption agency .
During the visit to the home , the caseworker mentioned Pica as a possible explanation .
Hannah said it was just a few days later that Andrew got sick and eventually died .
She said she believes he may have gotten into something that morning when she was n't watching that caused his sodium levels to rise .
Hannah insists the creole seasoning mixed with water was n't to punish -- it was to soothe Andrew 's insatiable appetite .
" My thought was that I would calm him down , appease him , give him like a broth , without giving him a tummy ache from eating more food , " Hannah told " 20/20 . "
When asked why she did n't get him help sooner , Hannah said , " We did n't know that there was anything major going on .
We did n't realize how sick he was …
If we had known that there was something more going on , we would have rushed to the hospital . "
But Hannah Overton was convicted of capital murder and sentenced to life in prison in September 2007 .
" I just kind of broke down , " Larry Overton said .
" And I just stared out a window for ... I do n't know ... probably about an hour . "
Jurors and Doctors Speak Out
To find Hannah guilty , jurors had to believe either of two scenarios -- that Hannah force - fed Andrew Burd salt knowing it would kill him or that she neglected to get medical help fast enough knowing that he was dying .
All 12 jurors agreed with the second scenario , and " 20/20 " spoke to two of them .
" I do n't believe it was her intention to , to kill him , " said juror Dora Santos .
" I just feel that if Andrew would have gotten help sooner he would probably be alive today . "
Santos said " we 'll never know " if Hannah Overton intentionally withheld medical attention from Andrew .
" I mean , she killed him because she did n't seek medical help , " said juror Norma Bejarano .
Two doctors , both experts in the case -- one for the prosecution , the other for the defense -- feel Hannah Overton was wrongly convicted and spoke on camera for the first time to " 20/20 . "
Dr. Edgar Cortes , the same pediatrician who treated Andrew at the emergency room and later consulted for the prosecution , says he always believed Andrew 's death was accidental .
Cortes is not being paid by the Overton defense team .
" I was stunned when I heard that [ Hannah ] had been given capital murder .
I was just at a loss for words , " Cortes said .
Cortes disagrees with the prosecution 's portrayal of Andrew as perfectly healthy -- he says he saw speech and developmental problems back in 2005 .
" The only physician that treated Andy while he was alive , and who was aware of the other neurological problems that he had , was me , " Cortes said .
" And I think that testimony might have given the jury an understanding that perhaps he was not a totally normal child . "
But neither the defense nor the jury ever heard Cortes ' opinions , which is the cornerstone of Hannah 's appeal .
Prosecutor Sandra Eastwood says she does n't recall Cartes expressing doubts about Hannah 's intent .
" Sounds very disingenuous , " Cortes told " 20/20 , " " I was very clear from day one and very forceful as to my opinions . "
Eastwood stands by her case .
" I feel very confident that I did the right thing in …presenting the evidence and having her convicted , " she said .
She also remains convinced that Hannah Overton withheld medical treatment in an effort to kill Andrew .
" I think she was angry , enraged , with wanting to punish him and hurt him and then realized , ' Oh my gosh , I 've really hurt him . ' "
Dr. Michael Moritz , a leading expert on salt poisoning at children 's hospital of Pittsburgh , says , " I do n't think there was any evidence at all that she did this . "
Hannah 's defense team hired Moritz , but never put him on the stand , believing his testimony would be repetitive .
Moritz believes he knows what happened to Andrew .
" I think he was in one of his feeding binges , he was having a tantrum , and he was unsupervised for a brief period of time , and I believe that he ingested a large amount of salt . "
Moritz has written extensively about salt poisoning and its connection to pica .
" When I pulled all the cases of salt poisoning , they all fit the same profile , " he said .
" Children within that age group of two to six years of age , in foster care from abusive homes but with behavioral problems , who had history of pica , who by all accounts appeared to have voluntary ingested large amounts of sodium . "
For his part , Moritz does n't believe Hannah Overton knew Andrew was dying .
" I think most people would never suspect salt poisoning , since it 's something very few pediatricians or emergency rooms in the country have ever encountered , " he said .
What 's Next for the Overton Family ?
Larry Overton also faced a charge of capital murder , but pleaded no contest to negligent homicide in return for five years ' probation .
" For me , having the chance of spending some time in jail and leaving my kids without parents was not something that I was willing to do , " he said .
By pleading no contest , Larry did not have to admit guilt .
" I was n't going to plea to a deal and say I committed or did something I did not do , " he said .
After two years , Larry can go in front of a judge and ask to have it expunged from his record .
Since Hannah Overton 's trial concluded , Larry Overton has been a single father of five .
Once a month , he packs them into the family van and heads north .
It 's a 300 - mile drive , but no one complains , because for two hours the Overton children visit their mom at a Texas prison , where she hopes her case will be overturned .
Still , Hannah Overton says she does n't regret trying to adopt Andrew .
" I would n't take that away , " she said .
" He had brothers and sisters and a mommy and daddy , what he called his forever family , because we had to go through a lot of pain since then .
It 's not fair to him .
Or to us . "
Eight years of archives at PCWeenies.com
TOLEDO , Ohio – For months , supporters of Senator Barack Obama have been knocking on doors across the country to rally enthusiasm for his candidacy .
On Sunday , he joined them at a few doorsteps .
As Mr. Obama arrived in northern
Ohio to begin preparing for his third debate with Senator John McCain later this week , he made a detour to the Lincoln Green neighborhood of Holland for nearly an hour of impromptu door - to - door campaigning .
The locations of Mr. Obama ’s debate camp have been built around the politics of battleground geography .
For the first debate , he and his circle of advisers converged on Florida .
For his next debate , the Obama team hunkered down in North Carolina .
And for the final encounter with Mr. McCain , the Obama campaign selected the Toledo area .
His visit on Shrewsbury Street clearly took some residents by surprise , including Sue Sekel , 43 , who was cleaning her house when the presidential candidate rang the doorbell .
“ The one day I come home to clean ceiling fans and look like crap , and then this happens , ” said Ms. Sekel , who pulled out her cell phone to snap a photograph with Mr. Obama .
She told him that she had already voted early , but declined to tell a small group of pool reporters who she supported .
But Mr. Obama seemed to give away the secret , saying : “ I appreciate that , ” before moving to the next house on the block .
As word spread that he was in the neighborhood , a crowd began to gather , nearly all of whom seemed to be excited by the political visit .
Before leaving , though , he was confronted by a man , who shouted : “ Do you believe in the American Dream ? ”
When Mr. Obama answered yes , the man said he had a follow - up question .
“ I ’m being taxed more and more for fulfilling the American Dream , ” the man said , perhaps referring to Mr. Obama ’s plan to increase taxes for those making $ 250,000 a year or more .
While Mr. Obama ran through a series of points about how his plan would mean tax cuts for 95 percent of people , that did n’t seem to convince the man .
“ I ’ve got to go prepare for this debate , ” Mr. Obama said as he walked away .
“ But that was pretty good practice . ”
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - China wants rich countries to commit 1 percent of their economic worth to help poor nations fight global warming , and will press for a new international mechanism to spread “ green ” technology worldwide .
A worker drives his tricycle in front of a power plant on the outskirts of Beijing October 28 , 2008 .
China wants rich countries to commit 1 percent of their economic worth to help poor nations fight global warming , and will press for a new international mechanism to spread " green " technology worldwide .
REUTERS / Reinhard Krause
Unveiling the demands on Tuesday , a senior Chinese official for climate change policy , Gao Guangsheng , said the financial turmoil rattling the global economy should not deter a big increase in funds and technology to poor nations .
“ Developing countries should take action , but a prerequisite for this action is that developed countries provide funds and transfer technology , ” Gao told a news conference .
“ Developed countries ’ funding to support developing countries response to climate change should reach 1 percent of the developed countries ’ GDP . ”
Gao said current funds to help fight climate change were “ virtually nothing . ”
China will detail its proposal at a conference next week that will assemble representatives from the United States , Europe and many rich and poor countries , he said .
Gao is chief of the climate change office in the National Development and Reform Commission , a super - ministry steering economic policy .
His call may signal China wants a more active role in climate change talks in which it has usually preferred to stay low - key .
Carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases from burning fossil fuels , felling forests and farming are trapping growing levels of solar radiation in the atmosphere , threatening dangerous rises in average global temperatures .
China ’s 1.3 billion people , fast - growing economy and bulging exports have pushed its emissions of greenhouse gases above the United States , long the world ’s biggest emitter , according to many experts .
But under the current Kyoto Protocol , a U.N. - backed pact to fight climate change , China and other Third World economies do not shoulder specific goals to contain emissions .
Washington has refused to ratify Kyoto , saying the lack of caps on China and other big developing emitters make it ineffective , and many foreign officials and experts say Beijing should accept some goals in a new pact .
These pressures put China at the heart of accelerating negotiations for a treaty that will take over from the current Kyoto pact , which expires in 2012 .
Those negotiations culminate in Copenhagen late next year .
Gao indicated his government would not play purely defensive in the talks , resisting calls for it to accept emissions targets , and would press its own demands for a huge increase in the flow of technology and funds to China and other developing nations .
Current climate change agreements provide for funds for technology and adaptation steps .
But Chinese officials have long said that their country ’s ability to cut carbon dioxide , the main greenhouse gas from power plants , factories and vehicles is hampered by a lack of promised technology from the wealthy West .
“ The present mechanism is unsuited to the needs of addressing climate change , ” Gao said .
“ Developed countries have not carried out their relevant commitments . ”
Western officials and experts have in turn blamed worries about patent theft and sacrificed competitiveness for delays .
Some have also said China ’s demands on technology transfers have been too vague to negotiate .
Gao said China ’s proposal would address those worries and offer stronger protection for intellectual property .
At the two - day conference starting on Friday , Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao will give a keynote speech , underscoring the seriousness of the government ’s technology demands , Gao said .
On Wednesday , China will also issue an official “ white paper ” on climate change , detailing its policies and concerns .
You can see that Shep Smith is visually upset with the frightening message from Joe the Plumber .
Joe the Plumber is on the campaign trail with John McCain scaring people with a vote for Obama is “ death to Israel . ”
The Huffington Post reported on this very disturbing interview that upsets me on many levels .
This fear - mongering is unconscionable , it ’s the lie that upset Smith so much .
“ It ’s all a part of Joe the Plumber ’s “ Maybe I ’m A Foreign Policy Expert , But Anyway , You Should Go Out And Get Your Own Opinions On Things Instead Of Listening To Mine , Even Though I ’m Going To Keep Opining If You Give Me Half A Chance , And Anyway , I Do n’t Even Really Know What John McCain ’s Position Is On Anything Anyway , And Probably I Should Be Snaking A Sink Trap Or Something , Instead Of Dragging Myself All Over The Country Making Statements Which I Then Sort Of Disavow A Few Minutes Later Anyway , Who Knows ? ” Tour of 2008 !
Anyway , five minutes with Joe The Plumber had Shepard Smith so frustrated that the Fox anchor felt compelled to issue a disclaimer , immediately following the segment , pushing back on any notion that Obama would mean the “ death of Israel , ” saying : “ I just want to make this 100 percent perfectly clear — Barack Obama has said repeatedly and demonstrated repeatedly that Israel will always be a friend of the United States , no matter what happens once he becomes President of the United States .
His words . ”
Smith later added , “ The rest of it — man …some things — it just gets frightening sometimes .
We ’ll be right back . ”
I have n’t seen
Shep this broken up about the state of the world since Katrina .
For the rest of the article at the Huffington Post .
The Federal Reserve injected $ 480 billion domestically and globally last week and it doubled the dose this Monday , injecting more than $ 900 billion in one single day .
That makes for almost twice the $ 700 billion rescue package that Congress approved with so much discussion last week .
Yet banks are still refusing to lend to each other , and when they do lend they charge a record - high risk premium -- which more than cancels out any Fed rate reductions .
At the same time , banks have absorbed about $ 1.5 trillion in cash from the Fed , more than twice the most likely loss in the mortgage markets ( about $ 600 billion ) .
It now seems that they will absorb as much cash as the Fed decides to throw at them .
What we are witnessing is what economists call a rise in the liquidity preference , which was the main factor leading to the Great Depression .
By a rise in the liquidity preference we mean that investors aim to increase the share of liquid instruments in their total assets .
For the banks it means they want to liquidate loans and transfer the proceeds to very liquid instruments , such as Treasury Bills .
This migration depresses the economy by reducing credit .
In these circumstances , the solution is not to keep on throwing money at the banks , which are inclined to hoard it not lend it .
Rather , what is needed is stopping the skyrocketing increase in their liquidity preference and then lowering it .
Doing that requires writing off the losses now lodged in the financial system as soon as possible .
A simple analogy will help illustrate this point .
Imagine that you are playing poker with 10 people and that you learn that a minority of them is broke and would not pay you if they lose .
You do n't know , however , who the ones are who wo n't pay .
In this environment , the risk of losing would be too high even if you know that most of the players are perfectly sound financially and would pay up if they lose .
LONDON , Oct 13 ( Reuters ) - European stocks soared early on Monday as bold plans by countries from Europe to Australia to revive the struggling banking sector provided some relief to hard - hit investors .
At 0719 GMT , the FTSEurofirst 300 .
FTEU3 index of top European shares was up 5 percent at 893.48 points .
The index plummeted 22 percent last week -- its worst weekly performance on record -- on fears that the escalating credit crisis would topple more banks and trigger a global recession .
After an emergency meeting in Paris over the weekend , European governments agreed to provide capital for banks caught short of funds because of frozen money markets and to insure or buy into new debt issues .
The world ’s top central banks on Monday announced further measures to improve liquidity in short - term U.S. dollar funding markets .
Banks were the top weighted gainers , with BNP Paribas BNPP .
PA , Credit Agricole CAGR .PA , UBS UBSN.VX , Dexia DEXI.BR , Standard Chartered STAN.L and Societe Generale SOGN .
PA rising between 5.3 and 14 percent .
“ For the time being , we seem to have returned from the edge of the abyss and should now see some badly needed stability in the markets , ” said Andrew Turnbull , senior sales manager at ODL Securities .
“ And although these moves are likely to have resuscitated our failing banks from collapse , it is very unlikely that we will be saved from the clutching grips of recession and housing market deflation . ”
Three major British banks could take 37 billion pounds ( $ 64 billion ) in government money to boost their capital , the UK Treasury said .
In Paris , a report by Dow Jones Newswires said the French government would create a 40 billion euro ( $ 55 billion ) fund to take stakes in banks .
The French presidential office declined to comment on the report .
Royal Bank of Scotland RBS.L said it will boost its capital by 20 billion pounds , including the UK government taking 5 billion pounds in preference shares and 15 billion pounds underwritten by the government .
[ ID:nLD150830 ]
HBOS HBOS.L and Lloyds TSB LLOY.L will also participate in the government scheme " upon successful merger " , the Treasury said , while Barclays BARC.L said in a statement it would boost its capital by more than 6.5 billion pounds but expected to do so without government help .
HBOS shares fell 11.4 percent , while Lloyds was up 12.2 percent .
Barclays gained 11 percent and RBS was up 4.7 percent .
Commodity shares also gained , tracking a 4.6 percent jump in crude CLc1 -- recouping part of Friday 's 10 percent dive -- and a sharp rise in metals prices .
Dutch company Philips Electronics PHG .AS was down 7.7 percent after the company said it posted a 71 percent fall in third - quarter core profit as a charge for asbestos claims and restructuring costs impacted the group result .
[ ID :nLD131515 ] ( Reporting by Atul Prakash )
Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative sets carbon price at $ 3.07 / ton
The first ever auction of carbon permits in the United States has reportedly exceeded all expectations .
The Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative ( RGGI ) held the first of several planned auctions for carbon permits last week and the demand was so strong , organizers believe it can be a model for a broader - based national program .
RGGI ( pronounced ‘ reggie ’ ) is a regional agreement between ten northeastern states to manage and regulate greenhouse gas emissions with a system that requires fossil - burning utilities to buy permits for the carbon they release into the atmosphere .
>> More on cap - and - trade at RG&B
Healthy demand for carbon permits : A sign of things to come ?
The RGGI auction brought out 59 bidders , surpassing expectations of around 20 interested parties .
Although demand for the allowances was strong , with a total of 51,761,000 allowances bid for – four times the available supply – the permits sold for less than what some expected .
One study predicted a higher price would be put on RGGI emissions , but most estimates did not anticipate the severity of the current financial crisis .
The permits sold for $ 3.07 a ton , raising nearly $ 39 million for the state coffers of the six participating states .
Although some might question how effectively the $ 3.07 / ton pricepoint will reduce carbon emissions , what is most promising about the first auction is that it went off without any real problems .
The regional agreement will be watched closely by federal regulators who may be looking to this or other cap - and - trade models as potential prototypes for a national program some time in the near future .
Ned Raynolds of the Union of Concerned Scientists said , “ This auction was a resounding success and provides evidence to state and federal leaders that auctioning is the way to go . ”
While there are ten signatories to RGGI , capping GHGs has still only been approved by the legislatures in six of them – and those are the states that will receive the revenue from the auction .
Money raised will go to funding statewide energy efficiency programs , what most agree is the low - hanging fruit in reducing our energy consumption and lowering carbon emissions .
Under the RGGI process , the carbon caps will be reduced incrementally for a total reduction of 10 percent by 2018 .
Emissions requirements will take effect Jan. 1 , 2009 .
Image credit : SnapsterMax via flickr under a Creative Commons License
The broadcasts of the presidential debates this year will reach 60 million or more Americans .
The array of candidates running includes two former members of Congress — Libertarian Bob Barr and Green Cynthia McKinney — as well as me , but viewers will see only two choices : a Democrat and a Republican .
The rest of us are not invited .
Few voters likely know that the debate sponsor , the Commission on Presidential Debates , was created in 1987 by the two parties .
Do n't be fooled by its claim that its goal is to provide " the best possible information to viewers and listeners . "
Its purpose is to give the parties cover when they bar other legitimate candidates from debating .
Ross Perot got in the debates in 1992 even though he was polling below 10 percent .
Afterwards , the two parties retaliated , hiking up the threshold for entry to 15 percent , a Catch - 22 level of support that is almost impossible for any third - party candidate to reach without first getting in the debates .
Walter Cronkite called the commission 's debates an " unconscionable fraud . "
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg calls them a " mockery . "
The League of Women Voters called them " campaign - trail charades devoid of substance , spontaneity , and honest answers to tough questions . "
A genuinely nonpartisan , civic organization , the league used to sponsor the debates but quit in disgust in 1988 , saying : " The league has no intention of becoming an accessory to the hoodwinking of the American public . "
In a 2004 Zogby poll , 57 percent of Americans said that third parties should be included in the debates .
My campaign is on the ballot in 45 states and is polling at 6 percent nationally .
I have earned a podium in the debates and have something to contribute to the political discussion .
The two parties want to marginalize our campaigns , but our views are not marginal .
Most Americans want to end the Iraq war , want true single - payer healthcare , their pension rights upheld , their privacy protected , a living wage , strong enforcement against corporate crimes and frauds , and the Bush / Cheney administration held accountable for its serial violations of law .
Obama and McCain refuse to support these positions .
I support them all , and my inclusion would ensure the debates are more than an antidote for insomnia .
Others argue that including third - party candidates in debates would crowd the field , making it confusing for voters .
They must have missed the first primary debates where eight to 10 people shared the stage .
A proposal .
Given the huge barriers to getting on state ballots , a fair and manageable standard would be that anyone on enough ballots to have a theoretical chance to win should be allowed in the debates — six candidates this year .
I challenge the two parties to take a baby step :
In the coming weeks , a third - party debate is set to take place .
Will McCain and Obama allow the winner , as voted by viewers , into their last debate ?
The abolition of slavery , women 's suffrage , Social Security , fair labor stand - ards , and protection of farmers were all first championed by third parties .
The mainstream ultimately adopted these " marginal " issues , and we are better for it .
The legacy of third - party candidates in American history is not that of " spoilers " but of visionaries .
Those who say that third parties cannot win are wrong .
Reform Party candidate Jesse Ventura won the 1998 Minnesota governor 's race after appearing in the debates .
" If you are allowed in the debates , the candidate that no one gives a chance to , lo and behold , can win , " Ventura said .
My running mate , Matt Gonzalez , polled at 6 percent before being included in the 2003 San Francisco mayoral debates .
He ended up with 47 percent of the vote .
In 2002 , an AP poll found that 1 in 3 people would consider voting for me if they thought I could win .
The main obstacle to people voting for me , then , is a self - fulfilling prophecy .
Putting me on the same stage with the other candidates would turn this prophecy on its head .
Next - generation Canadian voting technology is making its way on to the American political stage .
The secure electronic voting system based on cryptographic principles was conceived at the University of Ottawa about two years ago .
Scantegrity 's electronic voting technology is designed to provide end - to - end verifiable voter results .
( ( Courtesy Scantegrity ) ) Dubbed Scantegrity , the system has since evolved dramatically .
" This is a quantum improvement over any other voter system proposed , " says team leader David Chaum , an L.A. - based cryptographic scientist and founder of DigiCash Inc .
Scantegrity 's team comprises a core group of collaborating members from Canadian and American universities , and is loosely organized along open - source software development principles , says Aleks Essex , a team member and PhD student in cryptography and information security at the University of Ottawa .
" We 're making the transition from an academic effort to actual use case scenarios in public elections , " he says , noting the system has already been used successfully in university elections .
Essex says the team is in the final stages of discussions with officials at an American city that 's interested in using Scantegrity .
The system has been showcased at a number of conferences in the U.S. , including the Future of Voting exhibition held this year on Capitol Hill in Washington , D.C .
" A huge selling point is Scantegrity 's security , " says Daniel Castro , senior analyst at the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation ( ITIF ) , the not - for - profit think - tank that sponsored the event .
Congressional staff and members of the public were particularly intrigued by the special ink and decoder pens used as added security measures in the take - home receipts generated by the system .
" There 's never been a system before that allows you to verify that your vote was actually counted , " Castro says .
" If they can get it to market , this will be a huge change in how we do elections . "
How it works
Scantegrity is designed to provide end - to - end verifiable voter results , Essex says .
The key problem in automated voter technology is ensuring voter anonymity — by unlinking ballots from citizens ' identities — while still providing them a way to check that their ballots have been cast properly .
" Scantegrity gives voters a privacy - preserving receipt , " he says .
" It does n't show other people how you voted , but it does allow you to have a way to check to ensure your vote gets counted . "
The concept is similar to hotels that issue confirmation numbers , he says .
" You can go online and look up your confirmation number , but it does n't display your room number . "
Another key security feature Scantegrity provides is software independence , Essex says .
" This means if an error is made in the software , that mistake can't go through the process undetected .
There 's a software tool that does a cryptographic self - audit to verify computations . "
Scantegrity is designed as an add - on to existing optical scanning voting systems such as Diebold , he says .
But the difference is that mathematical formulas are used to generate the randomized confirmation codes issued to voters , and cryptographic principles are used in the software to tabulate and verify the results .
To fortify its processes , Essex says , the Scantegrity team invited the Ottawa Linux users group to review them and make recommendations .
When voters enter the polling booth , they 're issued ballots with detachable chits showing their serial codes .
The areas they 're meant to fill in next to candidates ' names are printed with a special ink .
As they fill in the bubbles that correspond with their selected candidates with special " decoder " pens , confirmation codes become visible in lighter text in the areas they 've darkened .
This ensures other people can't deduce the selections if they see their confirmation codes , Essex says .
" Each confirmation code is different for a given candidate for each voter .
If you and I vote for [ U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Barack ] Obama , we will have different codes . "
Voters who wish to verify their ballots were cast correctly are instructed to write their confirmation codes on their detachable chits .
The marked ballots are then read into the optical system as usual , but they 're processed using Scantegrity 's software .
The paper ballots are retained as back - up .
The results are posted in online databases so voters can check to ensure their ballots were cast as intended .
To do this , voters compare their serial numbers and confirmation codes found online with the ones they wrote down on their chit .
Should a dispute arise , the original paper ballot can be matched to the detached chit via the serial number to confirm the vote was processed correctly .
These measures defend the system against any attempts to discredit election results when they 're in fact accurate , says Eric Lazarus , author of The Machinery of Democracy .
" So a voter ca n't say I got a receipt that says I voted for A , B , C but when I check the results , it says X , Y , Z . "
Cryptographic principles are also used in processing to prevent hackers from tampering with results .
" The encrypted vote is shuffled , decrypted and counted , " Lazarus says .
" The cleverness lies in the way the shuffling is done so the system can mathematically prove nothing was added , removed or modified . "
The Diebold debacle
Canadians accustomed to an election system featuring paper ballots and matronly scrutineers may wonder why clever machines are needed at all , since Canada 's elections have run smoothly with a low - tech approach for years .
" That 's the weirdness of America , " Lazarus says , noting the U.S. election system is unique among democratic countries .
" There are a lot of contests on a single ballot .
There can easily be 25 races in the upcoming presidential election — people will be voting for members of the Senate , House of Representatives , judges , school boards and so on . "
There is another major difference between elections in the Canada and U.S. , Essex says : " We have a federal body , Elections Canada , that dictates the rules right down to the pencils .
But in the U.S. , it 's decided at the county level , and there are thousands of variations .
Some places still use old lever machines that crank gears , like starting a locomotive . "
However , while voting machines have been used in the U.S. for years , many counties are gun-shy about adopting new electronic voting technology due to controversies in recent years .
Flawed voting machines developed by Diebold Inc. , a North Canton , Ohio manufacturer , created uproars in the 2000 and 2004 elections , raising many questions about the integrity of the results .
( To distance itself from the controversies , Diebold changed the name of the division to Premier Election Solutions Inc. in 2007 after failing to find a buyer for its voting machine business . )
Many security experts have documented the problems .
Edward Adams , CEO of Security Innovation .
( ( Courtesy Scantegrity ) )
" I would characterize Diebold 's vulnerabilities as obvious , egregious and completely avoidable , " says Ed Adams , CEO of Security Innovation , a software evaluation lab in Wilmington , Me. , that 's reviewed various voting systems .
Gambling machines in Las Vegas have better controls , Lazarus adds : " Every one of those machines is randomly grabbed every year , taken apart and checked for problems .
There are no similar rules for voting machines . "
As a result of the debacles , California decertified its Diebold machines in 2007 , and Ohio mounted a lawsuit in 2006 to recoup the $ 83 million it invested in its machines .
However , the company still has about 25,000 optical scan units and 126,000 touch - screen units in use around the U.S.
They 're also used in Canada in some cities - Ottawa uses Diebold optical units , Essex says .
These machines were n't designed with the security features developed for Scantegrity , he says .
However , they do have advanced accessibility features that initially made them attractive to election officials , because voting machines in the U.S. must accommodate a wide range of disabilities .
For example , the use of an assistant in voting is forbidden .
In Canada , people who have visual or other impairments can sign a release allowing another person to vote on their behalf .
Not so in the U.S .
" Diebold 's systems have advanced accessibility features like touch - screens and headsets for the visually impaired , but they 're not as good at integrity and privacy , " Essex says .
About 150 million Americans will be voting on optical scan voting machines in the upcoming November presidential elections , he says .
Although some fixes have been made , these are mostly Band - aid measures that do n't address many fundamental problems .
" Will we see another debacle in the next election ?
That 's the wrong question because you wo n't necessarily know if something goes wrong .
In the 2000 election , [ Democratic presidential candidate ] Al Gore got negative 16,000 votes in Florida , which alerted people because it was an obvious error .
But if it 's a subtle error , no one may pick up on the problem . "
The Scantegrity team is working to improve its system 's accessibility features and gain certification for use in the U.S. , he says .
And the team is also looking into courting Canadian cities to test the system , as municipal elections have multiple contests for various positions much like the U.S .
Next - generation voting
Yet despite the problems with Diebold machines , there 's no clamour for next - generation voting technology with robust security in the U.S .
County officials are ultimately the purchasers of voting technology but they are n't generally tech - savvy , Lazarus says .
Ease of use has been the primary selling point , Adams adds , simply because it's hard enough to get people to vote at all without adding security burdens .
Various academic research projects are underway to develop new approaches , Essex says , but technology companies are n't investing in R&D and cash - strapped counties are making do with what they have : " There 's no capitalistic motivation for companies or compelling reasons for counties to adopt new technology . "
But the impetus for change could come from the U.S. federal government , Adams says .
The Elections Assistance Commission , a U.S. agency that provides voluntary election guidelines , solicited proposals this year for threat - risk analysis of various voting technologies , software evaluator Adams says .
" The EAC is trying to take a hard look at all this .
But remember the hanging chads in Florida back in 2000 ?
And here we are , with a major election imminent . "
While developing technology to automate in - person voting is surprisingly difficult , online voting has even thornier issues , cryptographer Chaum says .
" Many experts believe there 's a fundamental inability to prevent online voters from selling their votes or being coerced into voting a certain way .
And there are also subtle problems , like the possibility that a computer virus could infect the machines and change the way people vote without their knowledge . "
And there are already examples of not - so - subtle problems , says Essex .
He notes that Estonia tried to have online elections two years ago , but there are allegations that foreign sources attacked their network connections .
Voting experts are n't saying online issues are impossible to resolve , just that all methods proposed to date have failed to resolve all the issues comprehensively , Chaum says .
" Scantegrity 's mechanisms are well - suited for part of the online voting security issue , but not the whole thing , " he says " But I believe the problems with online voting will be solved eventually . "
As internet connections become universal over the next decade , Essex believes governments will be increasingly pressured by their constituents to make voting and citizen participation more convenient via online voting .
" Just like hydrogen cars , there 's recognition that online voting is something we need to develop for the future .
The author is a Canadian freelance writer .
By Rob Cameron
BBC News , Prague
The Czech Republic 's best - known author , Milan Kundera , has spoken to the media for the first time in 25 years to deny claims he informed on a suspected Western agent in 1950 .
Milan Kundera was an ardent communist in his youth
The claims , published in the leading news weekly Respekt , were made by a researcher at the country 's Institute for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes .
The shelves of the newly - founded institute contain many secrets .
The institution is home to hundreds of thousands of files belonging to Czechoslovakia 's communist - era secret police , the StB , as well as those of the interior and defence ministries .
Earlier this year , researcher Adam Hradilek was sifting through the police archives as part of his research into a " fairly typical " case of betrayal and Cold War intrigue in the 1950s .
" The archives offer valuable material for seeking out eyewitnesses and provide the scholar with an unprecedented tool for reviving memories , " Mr Hradilek writes in Respekt .
He had no way of knowing how explosive this particular case would become .
Police suspicions
The case concerned Miroslav Dvoracek , a young pilot who had fled Czechoslovakia shortly after the communists came to power in February 1948 .
He was later recruited as a Western agent and in March 1950 he returned to Prague on an undercover mission .
I have been absolutely taken aback by something that I did not expect , something that I did not know about until now , and something that did not happen
Milan Kundera Mr Dvoracek 's mission , however , ended almost as soon as it began .
His presence in Prague was betrayed to the police .
He was arrested , tortured and sentenced to death for " desertion , espionage and high treason " .
The sentence was commuted to 22 years hard labour , of which he served 14 in communist prison camps .
In 1968 he emigrated to Sweden , where he still lives .
According to Respekt , he refuses to talk about his arrest or imprisonment .
Earlier this year , while looking into the circumstances of Mr Dvoracek 's arrest , Adam Hradilek stumbled across a police report dated 14 March 1950 .
It contained the startling assertion that a student named Milan Kundera had reported to the police the presence of one Miroslav Dvoracek at a student dormitory in Prague .
Mr Dvoracek had left a suitcase with a female acquaintance of his , a student at the dorms , and would return that evening .
She was questioned , and it soon transpired that Mr Dvoracek was a former pilot who had crossed the border - illegally - into Germany the previous year .
Their suspicions aroused , the communist police sent armed officers to arrest the suspected spy .
The Institute for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes told the BBC there is no doubting the police report is genuine .
A facsimile of the document has been published in the Czech media ; it clearly shows the author 's name , date and place of birth .
The Institute also said it had interviewed the female student , now an elderly woman , who offered her room to Miroslav Dvoracek on that fateful evening .
She had mentioned Mr Dvoracek 's re-appearance to her boyfriend - a communist student and friend of Mr Kundera's .
Isolated author Milan Kundera as a young man was also an ardent communist , penning a number of poems and songs glorifying the country 's socialist new order .
However he soon lost his illusions , and was expelled from the Communist Party .
He later played a key role in the communist reform movement of the late 1960s , a movement that was crushed by Soviet tanks in 1968 .
In 1975 Kundera , author of The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Joke and Life is Elsewhere , emigrated to France , where he has lived ever since .
He lives virtually incognito , and only visits the country of his birth in disguise .
He has not given an interview in 25 years .
On Monday , however , Milan Kundera broke his vow of silence to dismiss Adam Hradilek 's claims as " lies " .
" I have been absolutely taken aback by something that I did not expect , something that I did not know about until now , and something that did not happen , " the author said in a telephone interview with the Czech News Agency .
" I absolutely did not know that person [ Miroslav Dvoracek ] , " said Milan Kundera .
The Respekt article , he said , was " an assassination attempt " .
It is almost 19 years since the fall of communism , and most Czechs have sought to bury unpleasant memories of the period .
This case , however , shows that the country 's totalitarian past is never very far from the surface .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Yet another example of how the religious right insists babies be born , but then fails to support the babies , their mothers , and their families afterward .
This is a classic story with a newly relevant twist .
The WaPo :
After the legislature passed a spending bill in April , [ Alaska Governor Sarah ]
Palin went through the measure reducing and eliminating funds for programs she opposed .
Inking her initials on the legislation — “ SP ” — Palin reduced funding for Covenant House Alaska by more than 20 percent , cutting funds from $ 5 million to $ 3.9 million .
Covenant House is a mix of programs and shelters for troubled youths , including Passage House , which is a transitional home for teenage mothers .
According to Passage House ’s web site , its purpose is to provide “ young mothers a place to live with their babies for up to eighteen months while they gain the necessary skills and resources to change their lives ” and help teen moms “ become productive , successful , independent adults who create and provide a stable environment for themselves and their families . ”
As Michelle Cottle notes at TNR , “ A politician who opposes abortion even in cases of rape and incest and who opposes comprehensive sex education should be at the forefront of championing support systems that make it easier for young mothers to keep their babies . ”
Bo Lundgren , head of Sweden 's national debt office , the Riksgälden , has been touring the US telling policymakers how to mount a successful banking bail - out without hurting taxpayers .
He should know .
In the early 1990s he was finance minister when the Swedish economy went into a tailspin , contracting 4 % as a lending and property bubble prompted by deregulation burst .
Five of the seven biggest banks , covering 90 % of the market , were effectively insolvent , requiring huge injections of capital from government or shareholders to keep afloat .
Lundgren and Carl Bildt , the then prime minister , rapidly drew up a rescue scheme with the bipartisan support of the opposition social democrats .
The government avoided the problems associated with the $ 700bn US plan by taking equity stakes in Swedish banks rather than handing taxpayers ' cash to the worst - managed banks .
The " Swedish model " is now being pored over by Wall Street analysts and policymakers , including Hank Paulson , US treasury secretary , and Ben Bernanke , Federal Reserve chairman .
In 1992 Lundgren and Bildt reacted to evidence that banks ' non-performing loans far exceeded their total equity capital by providing a blanket guarantee for the creditors of all 114 institutions - but not shareholders .
They set up a " bad bank " called Securum that took on all the non-performing loans and gave it the mission to recoup taxpayers ' money .
A new national agency was tasked with overseeing all banks needing recapitalisation and ordered them to write down their losses .
So , the two key elements of the Swedish model were : banks had to give the government a stake in return for funding and the taxpayer was protected .
In fact , according to Bildt in a comment piece in the International Herald Tribune , the taxpayer actually made a profit .
In all , the Swedish authorities injected SEK65bn ( £ 5.3 bn ) into the banking sector .
The equivalent then of 4 % of the country 's GDP or , according to some analysts , $ 850bn in the US case today - a shade more than envisaged by the Paulson / Bernanke plan .
October 7 , 2008 — Patrick Zimmerman
John McCain and the Making of a Financial Crisis
The McCain - Keating Scandal : The Past is Prologue
In Salon , Walter Shapira points out that the driving narrative of John McCain ’s political career is not having endured five and a half years in a POW camp , but rather his having suffered through four years as a center of attention in the late 1980s congressional scandal known as the Keating Five .
As McCain tells it , this was a classic tale of sin and salvation as an erring senator made a grievous mistake in judgment , was hauled before the Senate Ethics Committee and , as a result , was forever changed by the public humiliation .
“ I would very much like to think that I have never been a man whose favor could be bought .
From my earliest youth , I would have considered such a reputation to be the most shameful ignominy imaginable , ” McCain wrote in his 2002 memoir .
“ Yet that is exactly how millions of Americans viewed me for a time , a time that I will forever consider one of the worst experiences of my life . ”
For those who do n’t know about or remember 1988 news headlines , McCain , along with four other Democratic senators , improperly intervened with federal regulators in an effort to save the crumbling savings - and - loan empire of Charles Keating , an Arizona friend and campaign contributor of McCain’s .
The Keating Five have long lingered on the periphery of the 2008 campaign as a blast - from - the - past partisan talking point .
Twenty years is a long time for penance , and most voters seemed willing to abide by a statute of limitations about scandals that date back to the era of phone booths and boom boxes .
But all that changed when the minute - by - minute chart of the Dow Jones Average began to look like a plunge off a mountain .
Confronted with America ’s incredible shrinking stock portfolio , both McCain and Sarah Palin reacted by openly committing their campaign to brutish and ugly attempts to tarnish Obama .
The aim of those tactics clearly is to deflect the public ’s attention away from the economic crisis , since McCain is increasingly viewed as extremely weak when it comes to economic issues .
The Obama campaign countered the vicious personal attacks by attempting to link the early 1990s scandal to the current economic crisis .
It launched a video entitled Keating Economics , which is a searing documentary - style video of McCain ’s involvement in the Keating Saving and Loan scandal .
The Obama campaign , including its surrogates appearing on radio and television , will be arguing that the deregulatory fervor that caused the massive , cascading savings - and - loan collapses in the late 1980s has been pursued by McCain throughout his career , and helped to cause the current credit crisis .
Obama ’s website about Keating says : “ The current economic crisis demands that we understand John McCain ’s attitudes about economic oversight and corporate influence in federal regulation .
….
The Keating scandal is eerily similar to today ’s credit crisis , where a lack of regulation and cozy relationships between the financial industry and Congress has allowed banks to make risky loans and profit by bending the rules . ”
The Keating Five Scandal : McCain ’s Defining Moments
When McCain was first elected to the U.S. House of Representatives , he quickly positioned himself as a GOP hard - liner .
He voted against honoring Martin Luther King Jr. with a national holiday in 1983 , a position that he held until 1989 .
He backed President Reagan on tax cuts for the wealthy , abortion and support for the Nicaraguan contras .
He sought to slash federal spending on social programs , and he voted twice against campaign - finance reform .
He states that his “ biggest ” legislative victory of that era was a 1989 bill that abolished catastrophic health insurance for seniors , a move he still cheers as the first - ever repeal of a federal entitlement program .
Although he was a hawkish Cold Warrior , McCain showed an independent streak when it came to the use of American military power .
Because of his experience in Vietnam , he said , he did n’t favor the deployment of U.S. forces unless there was a clear and attainable military objective .
In 1983 , McCain broke with Reagan and voted against the deployment of Marine peace - keepers to Lebanon .
The unorthodox stance caught the attention of the media , which praised McCain ’s “ enormous courage . ”
It was the beginning of a beautiful friendship .
McCain recognized early on how the game was played : The Washington press corps “ tend to notice acts of political independence from unexpected quarters , ” he later noted .
“ Now I was debating Lebanon on programs like MacNeil / Lehrer NewsHour and in the pages of The New York Times and The Washington Post .
I was gratified by the attention and eager for more . ”
In The Rolling Stone , Tim Dickinson ’s account of the Keating Five scandal , describes McCain ’s early years as a senator .
When McCain first became a senator in 1986 , filling the seat of retiring Republican icon Barry Goldwater , he was finally in a position that a true maverick could use to battle the entrenched interests in Washington .
Instead , McCain did the bidding of his major donor , Charlie Keating , whose financial empire was on the brink of collapse .
Federal regulators were closing in on Keating , who had taken federally insured deposits from his Lincoln Savings and Loan and leveraged them to make wildly risky real estate ventures .
If regulators restricted his investments , Keating knew that it would all be over .
In the year before his Senate run , as a U.S. representative McCain had fought for legislation that would have delayed new regulations of savings and loans .
Grateful , Keating contributed $ 54,000 to McCain ’s Senate campaign .
Now , when Keating tried to stack the federal regulatory bank board with cronies , McCain made a phone call seeking to push them through .
In 1987 , in an unprecedented display of political intimidation , McCain also attended two meetings convened by Keating to pressure federal regulators to back off .
The senators who participated in the effort would later come to be known as the Keating Five .
“ Senate historians were unable to find any instance in U.S. history that was comparable , in terms of five U.S. senators meeting with a regulator on behalf of one institution , ” says Bill Black , who was then the deputy director of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation , and who attended the second meeting .
“ And it has n’t happened since . ”
Subsequent to the meetings with McCain and the other senators , the regulators backed off , stalling their investigation of Lincoln .
By the time the Saving and Loan collapsed two years later , taxpayers were on the hook for $ 3.4 billion , which stood as a record for the most expensive bank failure , until our current mortgage crisis .
In addition , 20,000 investors who had bought junk bonds from Keating , thinking they were federally insured , had their savings wiped out .
“ McCain saw the political pressure on the regulators , ” recalls Black .
“ He could have saved these widows from losing their life savings .
But he did absolutely nothing . ”
McCain was ultimately given a slap on the wrist by the Senate Ethics Committee , which concluded only that he had exercised “ poor judgment . ”
Lessons Not Learned : The False Self
While some political pundits have disagreed with Obama ’s launching of the McCain - Keating documentary as not a smart political play , as looking too much like the negative punching that is now the major strategy of team McCain .
From perhaps a more perceptive approach , Walter Shapiro points out that the Obama campaign missed the real reason that the Keating Five scandal still remains relevant 20 years later .
The point lies not in the details of the bygone scandal , but rather in the way that McCain has abandoned in this presidential campaign all the good - government habits that he adopted after he was chastised by the Ethics Committee .
As McCain described in his memoir , “ I decided right then that not talking to reporters or sharply denying even the appearance of a problem was n’t going to do me any good .
I would henceforth accept every single request for an interview … and answer every question as completely and straightforwardly as I could . ”
McCain , who until this spring was indeed one of the most accessible major politicians in America , has veered completely in the other direction , avoiding reporters at one point for more than a month .
As the decision - maker on the Republican ticket , McCain is also responsible for the media strategy that has almost completely muzzled Sarah Palin since her selection as his running mate .
Far more disturbing is that it has become difficult to believe that John McCain recalls the larger message about personal honor that he supposedly learned from his Keating Five disgrace .
As the campaign to tarnish Obama grows more ugly , it seems clear that McCain has made a Faustian bargain in his attempt to win the White House .
As Walter Shapiro has put it it , “ If successful , McCain , of course , will have power .
But if he fails , he will only have his regrets and his late - in - life reputation for low - road tactics . ”
Barclay Walsh and Kitty Bennett have written more about McCain and the Keating Five in The New York Times here .
In The New Republic , there were comments about Obama ’s McCain documentary written by Jason Zengerle and by Noam Scheiber .
John McCain : The Making of a Financial Crisis
Please Remember Me and Bookmark
This :
McCain's ' Tiny ' Iran ad against Obama is ' misleading ' : AP analysis Associated Press
Published : Wednesday August 27 , 2008
Print This Email This TITLE : " Tiny . "
LENGTH : 30 seconds .
AIRING : In key states where McCain is on the air .
SCRIPT : Announcer : " Iran . Radical Islamic government .
Known sponsors of terrorism .
Developing nuclear capabilities to ' generate power ' but threatening to eliminate Israel .
Obama says Iran is a ' tiny ' country , ' does n't pose a serious threat . '
Terrorism , destroying Israel , those are n't ' serious threats ' ?
Obama - dangerously unprepared to be president . "
John McCain : " I 'm John McCain and I approved this message . "
ANALYSIS : The ad is misleading because it states that Obama said Iran is " tiny " and " does n't pose a serious threat " without noting that Obama was comparing the threat Iran poses today to the Soviet Union , the nuclear - armed adversary of the U.S. during the Cold War .
The nature of the threat from Iran , which the U.S. believes has nuclear ambitions , and how to deal with it are at the heart of a key policy debate for Obama and McCain .
The ad seeks to boil down Obama 's position to one that supports the McCain drumbeat that Obama is n't ready to be president .
For his part , McCain wants tougher sanctions on Iran and , like President Bush , does n't support high - level talks with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Both Republicans see talks with such adversaries as legitimizing them and bringing them unwarranted attention .
Obama has said he would meet with Ahmadinejad without precondition but , after criticism from Republicans and some Democrats , now questions whether Ahmadinejad would be " the right person " with whom to discuss U.S. - Iran relations .
Still , Obama argues that direct diplomacy with Iran would help the U.S. press for tougher international sanctions .
Last May in Pendleton , Ore. , Obama reiterated his belief that the U.S. is strong enough to talk with its adversaries .
In calling Iran " tiny " compared to the Soviet Union and having a small fraction of the Soviet military force , he noted that direct diplomacy with the Soviets was a bipartisan policy for decades in spite of their threat .
" Strong countries and strong presidents talk to their adversaries , " Obama said at the time .
" I mean , think about it .
Iran , Cuba , Venezuela - these countries are tiny compared to the Soviet Union .
They do n't pose a serious threat to us the way the Soviet Union posed a threat to us .
And yet we were willing to talk to the Soviet Union at the time when they were saying , ' We 're going to wipe you off the planet . ' "
KEY IMAGES : Photographs of Ahmadinejad and a sign that reads , " Do n't forget to say death to America , " the image of an industrial plant , a photo of Ahmadinejad looking at machinery , a photo of Obama that is followed by armed foreign soldiers , a terrorist and the Israeli flag before another photo of Obama .
The spot ends with a photo of McCain .
---
Analysis by Douglass K. Daniel
“ It ’s just another example of the high cost of gas that is n’t going to go away soon , ” he said .
The CVS Samaritan Van Program , which provides free roadside assistance in nine Midwest and East Coast cities , has seen a 30 percent to 40 percent increase in stops to help people who have run out of gas just in the last two months , said Mike DeAngelis , a spokesman for CVS Pharmacy , which operates the program as a community charity .
The AAA Northern California regional office , which covers Utah and Nevada in addition to Northern California , has seen a 3 percent increase in out - of - gas calls in the first five months of this year , said a spokesman , Michael Geeser .
But it saw even larger increases in some months when gas prices shot up quickly , like April , when such calls rose 6.5 percent compared with April 2007 .
“ People are just trying to squeeze the most they can out of a gallon , ” Mr. Geeser said .
There are some areas , like Chicago , that have not seen a spike in roadside service calls from drivers with dry tanks , but roadside assistance agencies said the calls had increased so sharply coast - to - coast that they started monitoring closely for repeat callers .
David Castillo , supervisor of the Dallas County Courtesy Patrol , a county - run agency in Texas that uses 10 pickups to aid stranded motorists , said , “ Of course you get the people who try to scam us out of gas , so we always ask them now to try to start it first , and , of course , it starts right up with some of them . ”
Over the last six months , Courtesy drivers who had been using about three gallons a day to help stranded motorists now use as much as 10 gallons a day .
Get involved with GNU !
We started the GNU Project with a specific overall goal : to create a free software operating system , the GNU System .
The scope of GNU is far - reaching : any job that computer users want to do should be doable by free software , and is thus a potential part of GNU .
For instance , any program found in a typical GNU / Linux distribution is a candidate .
So we welcome new packages in GNU , to further our common cause of free software .
If you want to join in and may have a suitable package , please fill out this short questionnaire to get started , and see the background information there .
The Free Software Directory holds the list of all current GNU packages .
Another important way to help GNU is by contributing to the existing GNU projects .
The GNU Help Wanted list is the general task list for GNU software .
You might also consider taking over one of the unmaintained GNU packages .
The general Help GNU page includes many non-technical ways to contribute , too .
If you possess the skills of a webmaster , you might like to consider helping on this website — please take our webmaster quiz .
Our server savannah.gnu.org is a central point for development and maintenance of free software , and many GNU projects are hosted at savannah .
Savannah also welcomes and supports free software projects that are not official GNU packages , so feel free to use it for any of your free software work ; unlike other hosting sites , savannah is firmly based on free software ideals .
This is an English - language blog , and I will therefore only accept English - language comments .
I do n't mind how bad your English is , however !
If you are clearly just spamming and have nothing to contribute to the discussion , I will not accept your comment .
I 'm happy for you to post links you believe are relevant to the discussion .
Finally , please treat everyone here with respect .
I 'm no prude and have no issue with a few swear words here and there , but I will not accept any hateful comments .
Apart from that , go mad !
comments are moderated as I 've had problems with spam comments before .
Please feel free to comment all you like as I will accept them all , subject to the following rules :
Bloomberg
IT COULD have been funny if it were not so serious .
The excuses came thick and fast all week , as European Union leaders , for all their customary talk of collective action , were forced by the world credit meltdown into a hotch - potch of individual national schemes to guarantee deposits and prop up banks ( see article ) .
The most amusing excuse for Europe 's disarray came from François Fillon , the prime minister of France .
He told the French parliament that it was “ logical ” for national governments to take the lead in saving their own banks .
After all , a collapse might threaten at 2 am , and no minister would want to “ wake up ” his 26 EU counterparts to debate a rescue with them .
Mr Fillon had a point , sort of : national authorities know their own financial sector better than outsiders , and speed is indeed often of the essence .
But he was also covering up a bigger reason for Europe 's slow start in this crisis .
The meltdown — and the speed of reaction required — cruelly exposed the institutional and political limits of the European project .
France knows this better than most .
It holds the rotating presidency of the EU , a job France 's president , Nicolas Sarkozy , used to advantage during the Russian invasion of Georgia .
But an emergency financial summit France convened in Paris on October 4th between leaders of the four largest economies in the union — France , Germany , Britain and Italy — was a flop .
Even before the leaders gathered , Germany let it be known that it rejected a French suggestion of a joint European rescue fund , worth perhaps €300 billion ( $ 420 billion ) .
The details are hazy , because French officials later denied that the plan was theirs .
Less than 24 hours after the Paris summit ended in a flurry of platitudes , Germany struck again , this time announcing a state - backed guarantee for personal savings deposits in German banks ( a political pledge worth more than € 1 trillion , the finance ministry estimates ) .
Ireland had been the first to break EU ranks , offering to guarantee deposits at Irish - owned banks , amid fears of bank collapses .
By the time EU finance ministers met in Luxembourg on October 7th , half a dozen countries had promised new or beefed - up deposit guarantees .
In a bid to impose a semblance of co-ordination on the chaos , the assembled ministers were invited to hike the EU - wide minimum level for deposit insurance , to € 100,000 .
Some countries , mostly new members from the ex-communist block , said they could not afford such a move .
In a fudge , the EU ministers agreed that at the very least they would guarantee deposits of up to € 50,000 .
Ministers added a promise that Europe would shore up “ systemically relevant ” institutions ( though what counts as too big , or too interconnected , to fail was left carefully unsaid ) .
One explanation for this nation - by - nation approach is institutional .
The EU 's founding fathers thought monetary union would go hand in hand with economic union , and the convergence of fiscal and monetary policies .
Many assumed that political union would follow before too long .
But history took a different turn , and the EU has ended up a strange hybrid : its members have pooled big chunks of sovereignty , and 15 of them share a currency .
But it is not a federal state .
The European Central Bank controls monetary policy for the euro zone but banking supervision remains under national control .
However , the main explanation for the week 's disappointments had less to do with institutional architecture than with political will .
Nothing in the EU 's architecture prevents national governments from pouring money into a central EU rescue fund , as briefly suggested by France ( and more recently Italy ) , if that is what they want to do .
The truth is that they do n't .
The Germans have been the most honest in saying why .
“ We as Germans do not want to pay into a big pot where we do not have control and do not know where German money might be used , ” the finance minister , Peer Steinbrück , told German radio .
Actually , German voters have a hunch where their taxpayers ' money would be used : in countries such as Britain ( home to the City and profit - mad Anglo - Saxon capitalists ) or Spain ( scene of a housing bubble driven by cheap credit , of a sort to make thrifty German savers shudder ) .
The crisis is not over , however .
It took American politicians a while to explain to voters on Main Street just how they would suffer if the high - fiving swells on Wall Street were allowed to go under .
European politicians may yet find themselves in a similar bind : having to explain to the sturdy burghers of Hamburg why it is in their interests to bail out braying City boys in London , or Latvians who overused their credit cards .
That 's quite a sell .
After a relationship ends , more often than not the sex continues .
An increasingly large number of people end up going back to their exes and making a FWB relationship out of it .
There are about a thousand reasons why this is a terrible idea , and probably a thousand more specific to the relationship .
The relationship is over the best thing you can do is move on .
And one of the first steps to moving on is picturing yourself romantically and sexually with other people and then acting on it .
By turning around and getting back in bed with your ex , you ’re literally taking one step forward and five steps back .
Here are a couple reasons why you shouldnít make your ex a FWB and why you should break it off if youíre already sleeping together again .
1 . You ’re looking for validation
By sleeping with your ex you ’re probably looking for something more than just sex .
And that thing is probably validation .
Okay , sure when looking for a FWB an ex is a convenient place to look .
You already know they ’re attracted to you and you already feel comfortable around them .
While that sounds good youíre ignoring your entire relationship leading up until this point .
While you might feel a little less than desirable after a relationship it ’s never a good idea to go back to your ex to feel wanted .
Once the FWB relationship implodes , which it will , youíll end up feeling even more undesirable than you did in the first place .
You need to experience other people lusting after you in order to rebuild your self - esteem .
Break away from your ex and fuck literally anyone else .
2 . You ’re using them or being used as a place - holder
No one likes being alone .
Even if you ’re fresh out of a relationship and enjoying your freedom , that wonít last very long .
Before you know it youíre going to be craving affection again , even if itís only physical .
By going back to your ex you very well might be using them as a stepping stone to get to the next best fuck buddy .
What ’s even worse is being used as a place - holder .
Regardless of how badly you hurt them or vice versa , neither of you deserve to be used by the other .
Plus , imagine that drama youíre going to have to deal with when they figure out theyíre basically being used .
3 . You ’re trying to get them back
If you really think youíre going to get them back by sleeping with them , you are dead wrong .
You might be trying to remind them of what you used to have by sleeping with them .
This might work for a little while which could lead to a reignited spark , but I guarantee that it will not last very long .
You both broke up for a reason .
And at some point all of those reasons are going to come flooding back .
So save yourself the heartache and move on .
The best way to get over someone is to spend as little time with them as possible and try not to spend ANY time naked with them .
Move on .
Start dating and fucking other people .
You will find a relationship much better than the flawed one youíre trying to rekindle or capitalize on .
Check out more about this from the video below !
Paris Hilton HOT Fairy Dust Ad Campaign Photos
will launch her fifth fragrance in mid October .
Promotional materials for Fairy Dust show the celebrity dressed like Tinkerbell , complete with wings and a magic wand .
The ad campaign tag line is " Do You Believe in Fairy Tales ? "
Hilton has teamed up with Parlux Fragrances in what is becoming a lucrative business venture for the woman who used to be famous for doing absolutely nothing .
We 've also got photos of her ad campaigns from her complete line : Just Me , Can Can , Paris Hilton and Heiress .
Check out our photo gallery below .
The Red Bull Air Race , started in 2003 , is a series of air races , held all over the world , where pilots fly specialized aerobatic planes ( with top speeds of over 250 mph / 400 kph ) through a series of gates , racing the clock , accumulating points toward the championship title .
Pilots must also perform specific manoeuvres while passing through the gates .
The photos below are from the most recent two races , in Budapest , Hungary , and Porto , Portugal .
The final race in the series is scheduled for November 1st , in Perth , Australia , and video of the event will also be streamed over the web .
( 17 photos total
By Poonam Taneja
BBC News , Anand , Gujarat
Surrogate mothers while away the time in a hostel in Anand
Childless Asian couples from Britain are increasingly travelling to India to pay women to act as surrogate mothers for them .
In a country where there are no laws surrounding surrogacy , the industry has become a multi-million dollar business .
One couple who made the journey to India are 44 - year - old Bobby and his partner , Nikki Bains , 43 , from the English town of Ilford .
Their three - month - old daughter , Daisy , was conceived at the Rotunda clinic in Mumbai ( Bombay ) .
A donor egg was fertilised with Bobby 's sperm .
The embryo was then implanted into a surrogate - a woman the couple have never met .
The couple had several attempts at fertility treatment in the UK .
Bobby says they were forced to widen their search for a surrogate to India because of a shortage of available surrogates in Britain .
Ethical minefield " Before 2000 , we were looking for a surrogate in the UK .
None came about , actually one or two did but they were bad apples .
I 'm sure there are some good surrogates here but the ones we came across were not too good .
That 's why we went to India , " says Bobby .
Are ( surrogate mothers ) murdering someone ?
No .
Are they doing a robbery ?
No .
Are they doing some immoral act ?
No .
Dr Nayna Patel , manager of Akanksha clinic , Gujarat Surrogacy in Britain is a legal and ethical minefield .
The industry is strongly regulated and there are strict laws governing it .
But infertile Asian couples in Britain face even more difficulties .
Jackson Kirkman - Brown is a scientist at the assisted conception unit at a women 's hospital in the central British city of Birmingham .
" In the Asian community the number of eggs or sperm that are available from donors is very , very scarce .
The likelihood of an Asian couple immediately receiving either donor sperm or a donor egg is very low .
" In the whole of the UK there are only two Asian ( sperm ) donors that we are aware of that match onto the general Asian background . "
So the shortage of Asian eggs , sperm and surrogates is driving couples like Bobby and Nikki Bains to travel to India for help .
It 's a trend consultant obstetrician Massoud Afnan is witnessing .
" Couples , Asian and others , are going abroad to have their fertility treatment .
It is getting increasingly popular .
I can see this sort of reproductive tourism happening more and more . "
The Rotunda clinic where baby Daisy was conceived is tucked away in a side street of an exclusive Mumbai suburb .
The clinic 's director is Dr Gautam Allapadia , a leading infertility specialist .
He spelled out clearly why his clinic was so successful with foreign couples .
Booming trade " The costs are substantially less than they would spend in developed countries like the USA and the UK .
There is no paper work involved , the couples do n't have to go through any lawyers , it 's a clean issue , and there is no litigation . "
More and more childless couples in the UK are turning to India Having a baby at Dr Allapadia 's clinic will cost you around £ 13,000 ( $ 22,400 ) .
Each surrogate will be paid between £ 2,500 and £ 3,500 .
That 's the equivalent of 10 years salary for some of these women .
I travelled to Anand in the western state of Gujarat .
The town is at the forefront of India 's booming trade in reproductive tourism .
In the last four years , this dairy community of 150,000 people has produced more surrogate babies than any other in the country .
That surrogacy has become so popular in the town is due largely to the success of the Akanksha clinic run by Dr Nayna Patel .
Last year she helped more than a hundred couples through her surrogacy programme .
She expects that figure to rise by 40 % this year .
There are currently more than 20 pregnant surrogate mothers , carrying babies for overseas couples .
So how does Dr Patel choose them ?
" We first see their age , the medical history , their blood work and their obstetric history especially .
If they have one caesarean we do take them but if it 's more than one , we do not .
If their health is not good we do n't take them . "
Driving force
Although there is no shortage of women willing to be surrogates in Anand , Dr Patel says that in this socially conservative part of India there is still a stigma attached to it .
Having babies on behalf of other people is a profitable business in India " I always used to tell them , people who are criticising or ridiculing them .
I would say are they doing anything wrong ?
Are they murdering someone ?
No .
Are they doing a robbery ?
No .
Are they doing some immoral act ?
No .
Then what are they doing ?
They are doing a good act by giving a baby to someone . "
But is it worth the risk in a country with has one of the highest maternal mortality rates in the world ?
Hasu Matu , 29 , is a widow with a young son .
She 's six months pregnant with a child for an American couple .
She says the money she makes from surrogacy will allow her to educate her son and buy a house .
Money is clearly the driving force behind the industry .
But is surrogacy in India spiralling out of control ?
It 's a question the government has been forced to consider .
Laws regulating the surrogacy industry are expected to be introduced later this year .
You can listen to Poonam Taneja 's 30 minute radio report on this at 1830 BST ( 1730 GMT ) on Monday , 13 October on the BBC's Asian Network Report .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Greg Mitchell reports Obama picked up 12 newspaper endorsements over the weekend .
Yesterday , I wrote about the St. Louis Dispatch ’s endorsement of Obama , in part because it called McCain “ the incredible shrinking man . ”
Greg has an excellent rundown on the endorsements .
Now , I do n’t think these endorsements necessarily translate into votes , but they are adding to the sense of momentum for Obama .
Reading through a number of the endorsements , I ’m finding four general themes : 1 ) Our nation is in peril ; 2 ) McCain has been a major disappointment ;
3 ) Palin is an idiot ; and 4 ) Obama is the president we need .
I took some excerpts from a couple of the endorsements unveiled today .
McCain does n’t fare too well .
Dayton Daily News :
Sen .
McCain ’s campaign has been as disappointing as his move toward party orthodoxy .
More than his opponent , he has run a relentless stream of commercials that have been discredited by nonpartisan fact - checkers .
( Last week , all his ads were negative . )
He has articulated no vision for the country other than to suggest that it should believe in him as an individual , as a war hero of independent judgment .
His selection of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate was stunning .
She is shockingly lacking in presidential qualifications .
Some of Sen. McCain ’s most enthusiastic supporters have been forced to admit this .
Her defenders say her resume compares well with Sen.
Obama ’s , but it does not .
Alaska is tiny in population and atypical in its issues .
And she ’d been governor for only a year and a half when she was tapped .
At any rate , as some interviews have shown , she ’s no Barack Obama .
Sen .
McCain presents her as a fellow “ maverick . ” Nonsense .
Pittsburgh Post - Gazette :
Despite the recent nastiness of his campaign .
Sen .
McCain is essentially a good man , but he is yesterday ’s man .
His campaign takes its core text from the “ Wizard of Oz ” : Do n’t mind the man behind the curtain .
That man is George Bush , the failed magician who cannot be spoken of lest the American people be reminded of what he has wrought and what party he belongs to .
To make their trick work , Mr. McCain and his running mate , Gov. Palin , trade heavily on being mavericks — too heavily to be believed .
It is true that Mr. McCain has a capricious streak that has made him a thorn in the side of his own party on various issues .
Yet while he has not joined the know - nothing brigade in climate change denial , he has picked a running mate who is a diva in the drill , baby , drill chorus of fossil - fuel adulation .
Toledo Blade :
Now featured at a Team Sarah member page , a photostream featuring this charming picture :
This is , no doubt , nutpicking , and you can not blame this on the McCain / Palin campaign , but it does give you an idea how many in the Republican base think and what we are going to have to deal with for the next four years if Obama wins .
( via )
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Galveston Island
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
The liberal scientists predicting " storm surge " ( no such thing ) are the same ones predicting " global warming " ( no such thing ) and trying to teach " evolution " ( no such thing ) !
It 's all just liberals trying to scare you into giving up your property and rights .
Let the liberals run like the " educated " elitists they are , but everyone voting for McCain / Palin --- STAY AND PROTECT YOUR PROPERTY !!!
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress on Thursday he is “ shocked ” at the breakdown in U.S. credit markets and said he was “ partially ” wrong to resist regulation of some securities .
Despite concerns he had in 2005 that risks were being underestimated by investors , “ this crisis , however , has turned out to be much broader than anything I could have imagined , ” Greenspan said in remarks prepared for delivery to the House of Representatives Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
“ Those of us who have looked to the self - interest of lending institutions to protect shareholder ’s equity -- myself especially -- are in a state of shocked disbelief , ” said Greenspan , who stepped down from the Fed in 2006 .
With a general election looming November 4 , U.S. lawmakers were sharply divided along political lines in either blaming regulators or bickering for failure to prevent the crisis that has gripped financial markets around the world .
“ The reasons why we set up your agencies and gave you budget authority to hire people is so you can see problems developing before they become a crisis , ” Committee Chairman Henry Waxman , a California Democrat , told a panel that included Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Christopher Cox and former U.S. Treasury Secretary John Snow .
“ To say you just did n’t see it , that just does n’t satisfy me , ” Waxman said .
Republicans , for their part , singled out government sponsored mortgage finance agencies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for their role in unsettling financial markets and faulted Congress , which has been led by the Democrats since 2006 , for failing to pass measures to rein them in sooner .
They angrily protested a decision not to hold a hearing on the mortgage finance firms , which the government took over in September to restore financial health , until two weeks after the election .
“ PARTIALLY ” WRONG
Greenspan softened his longstanding opposition to many forms of financial market regulation , acknowledging in an exchange with Waxman that he was “ partially ” wrong in his belief that some trading instruments , specifically credit default swaps , did not need oversight .
Waxman cited a series of public statements by Greenspan saying the market could handle regulation of derivatives without government intervention .
“ My question is simple : Were you wrong ? ” Waxman asked .
Greenspan said he was “ partially ” wrong in the case of credit default swaps , complex trading instruments meant to act as insurance against default for bond buyers .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
While Greenspan was once hailed as one of the most accomplished central bankers in U.S. history , the low interest rates during his final years at the Fed have been blamed for fueling the housing bubble and eventual crash that touched off the current financial crisis .
His strong advocacy for limited regulation of financial markets has also been called into question as a result of the crisis .
The former Fed chair said that a securitization system that stimulated appetite for loans made to borrowers with spotty credit histories , was at the heart of the breakdown of credit markets .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
“ Without the excess demand from securitizers , subprime mortgage originations -- undeniably the original source of crisis -- would have been far smaller and defaults , accordingly , far fewer , ” he said .
A surge in demand for U.S. subprime securities , supported by unrealistically positive ratings by credit agencies , was the core of the problem , he added .
Greenspan proposed that that securitizers be required to retain “ a meaningful part ” of securities they issued .
He said that regulatory reform will be necessary in the areas of fraud , settlement , and securitization to re-establish financial stability .
He backed the recently approved $ 700 billion bailout package , saying that without it , banks and other financial institutions would likely face a serious reduction in credit .
“ DOG AND PONY SHOW ”
Lawmakers from both parties also took advantage of the packed hearing room to take some political potshots .
Democrats assailed gaps in rules and oversight while Republicans faulted Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac for exacerbating credit market strains .
“ For too long , the prevailing attitude in Washington has been that the market always knows best , ” said Committee Chairman Waxman , a Democrat .
Republicans circulated an October 20 letter asking for a government investigation of alleged fraud and mismanagement at the mortgage firms .
“ This is a nice dog and pony show and maybe it ’s theater , but people want someone held accountable , they want someone to go to jail , ” said Rep. John Mica , a Florida Republican .
But Greenspan told lawmakers that regulators could not predict the future or make perfect decisions .
“ It ’s a very difficult problem with respect to supervision and regulation , ” he said .
“ We can not expect perfection in any area where forecasting is required .
We have to do our best but cannot expect infallibility or omniscience , ” he added .
( Additional reporting by Kim Dixon )
BUSINESS COMMUNITY DONATIONS BUSINESS COMMUNITY DONATIONS
More executives sold on Obama WASHINGTON  Dan Cooper , a proud member of the National Rifle Association , has backed Republicans for most of his life .
He 's the chief executive of Cooper Arms , a small Montana company that makes hunting rifles .
Cooper said he voted for George W. Bush in 2000 , having voted in past elections for every Republican presidential nominee back to Richard Nixon .
In October 1992 , he presented a specially made rifle to the first President .
Bush during a Billings campaign event .
This year , Cooper has given $ 3,300 to the campaign of Democrat Barack Obama .
That 's on top of the $ 1,000 check he wrote to Obama 's U.S. Senate campaign in 2004 , after he was dazzled by Obama 's speech at that year 's Democratic National Convention .
TV ADS : Obama ads overwhelm TV presence of McCain Cooper is a player in one of the little - told dramas of the 2008 presidential campaign : how Obama has been able to out - raise Republican John McCain among swaths of the business community , outperforming previous Democratic presidential nominees in drawing business support .
Cooper changed sides , he said , " probably because of the war .
And also because the Republican Party has moved so far right in recent years . "
He also likes Obama 's message about " the retooling of America , which involves the building of middle - class jobs and helping American small business be competitive with those overseas . "
In 2000 and again in 2004 , George W. Bush out - raised his Democratic rival among employees and executives of nearly every business sector , according to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics , which codes contributors by occupation .
In this election , however , Obama has bested McCain among employees and executives in finance , insurance and real estate ; health ; communications ; law ; and " miscellaneous business , " according to the center 's tally of contributions through August .
McCain has maintained the traditional Republican lead in transportation , construction , defense , energy and agribusiness .
In the miscellaneous business sector — which includes retail , service industries and many small enterprises —
Bush out - raised Democrat John Kerry , $ 20.6 million to $ 14.8 million in 2004 .
Obama has taken in $ 20.5 million from that sector to McCain 's $ 13.4 million , records show .
Those numbers do n't include September and October , when Obama was raising tens of millions but McCain 's campaign was not taking private donations .
McCain accepted $ 84 million in public financing while Obama opted out of the federal system .
Obama has taken in twice as much as McCain from employees of pharmaceutical and related companies , the center found .
And Obama has raised $ 5.1 million from workers at computer and Internet companies , compared with McCain 's $ 1.3 million .
Among Obama 's contributors , 5,845 list " CEO " or " chief executive " in their title , compared with 2,597 of McCain 's donors , according to election records compiled by CQ MoneyLine .
In the 2003 - 04 cycle , 3,567 of Bush 's donors were listed that way , compared with 1,686 for Kerry .
" I guess he can't accuse us of being the candidate of big business , " McCain spokesman Brian Rogers said .
He noted that some Democrats are raising money for McCain , and he criticized Obama for forgoing public financing .
Obama spokesman Ben LaBolt noted that unlike Obama , McCain accepts money from federal lobbyists .
" Our campaign has been funded by more than 3.1 million Americans who gave an average of $ 86 , " he said .
Mary Kay Cashman runs a Caterpillar franchise in Nevada .
She has given $ 68,600 to Republican candidates over the years , including $ 2,000 to Bush in 2003 .
This year , she changed her registration to Democrat to caucus for Obama in the Nevada primary .
" There 's an abundant amount of evidence that the status quo is n't working and the direction needs to be changed , " she said .
Asked why she did n't support Democrat Al Gore in 2000 or Kerry in 2004 , she said , " There are personality traits that are required in a leader , and neither Gore nor Kerry had those . "
Bill Struve runs a small business in Wilmington , N.C. , that develops metal clay , which is used in making jewelry .
He said the only time he has n't backed a Republican for president is when he cast a vote for independent Ross Perot in 1992 .
He has given Obama $ 2,300 this year .
" The Republicans have … lost their footing on economics , " he said .
Bob Clark of Missouri and Victor Hammel of Pennsylvania are CEOs of large businesses who tend to back Democrats but also donate to Republicans .
Clark runs Clayco , a St. Louis real estate development firm .
Hammel leads J.C. Ehrlich , a pest - control company based in Reading , Pa. .
They are the types McCain had hoped to attract .
Instead , Clark , who raised thousands for Bush in 2000 , has raised more than $ 500,000 for Obama .
And Hammel , who regularly gives money to Republican Sen. Arlen Specter , has donated $ 2,300 to Obama .
" Barack is definitely more liberal than I am , " Clark said .
" But I 'm willing to compromise on some of those issues for what I think is the greater good . "
Hammel said , " I would rather pay a little higher tax on a higher profit than a lower tax rate on lower profits . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
He said : “ During the summer of 1944 here , in Caen , 15,000 Caen refugees experienced some of the most terrible conditions imaginable .
By visiting these galleries we can better understand what they went through . ”
Via Satyah Khanna at Think Progress :
Yesterday , Murray Waas revealed that the head of Sen.
John McCain ’s transition team , power lobbyist William Timmons , was involved in a lobbying effort on behalf of Saddam Hussein in the early 1990s “ to ease international sanctions against his regime . ”
Today , MSNBC ’s David Schuster asked McCain spokesperson Ben Porritt about the revelations .
Porrit claimed that the campaign has had no associations with lobbyists , quickly changing the subject to Bill Ayers :
I ’m actually not too familiar with his history , but what I do know is that throughout our campaign , we ’ve talked about this a lot , we ’ve had no associations with any lobbyists on our campaign , and I think there ’s questionable associations with Barack Obama that needs to be addressed before we even get into talking about the transition :
“ You have no associations with Charlie Black ? ” asked Schuster incredulously .
“ I mean , he ’s a lobbyist . ”
Watch it :
Timmons is the chairman emeritus of Timmons and Company , an influential lobbying firm in Washington .
In addition to helping Saddam avoid sanctions and trying to profit off Iraqi oil , Timmons has also lobbied for Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and the American Petroleum Institute .
Time Magazine called Timmons “ a Washington institution . ”
It is absurd to claim McCain has “ had no associations with any lobbyists . ”
He has at least 164 former lobbyists running his campaign , fundraising , and setting his policy agenda — including Charlie Black , Rick Davis , and Randy Scheunemann .
Maria Eugenia is the sister of Tony Guerrero , one of the ``Cuban Five ' ' political prisoners held for 10 years in US prisons on ``conspiracy to commit espionage '' charges for reporting on the Miami - based , Washington - backed terrorist groups operating against Cuba .
Eugenia recently toured Australia to build support for the campaign to free the five .
Below is the three - part video of her Sydney public meeting .
( For more background on the case , click HERE .
For more information about the Free the Five campaign , visit http://www.fiveheroes.blogspot.com.)
Part 1
The world 's first commercial - scale wave - power station has gone live off the coast of Portugal .
This footage shows how the 140 m - long snake - like devices work
BEWARE of MAGIC : The Gathering  Report by Pastor David L. Brown , Ph.D .
August 1995
May only be reproduced in full and must include this notice .
May not be reproduced for resale .
May be carried on other non-commercial web sights provided the Logos web address is included .
logosresourcepages.org INTRODUCTION
THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME
THE EVIL OF MAGIC : THE GATHERING
THE OCCULT FOCUS & VIOLENCE OF THE GAME
THE ADDICTIVE NATURE OF THE GAME
THE IDENTIFICATION OF PLAYERS WITH EVIL CHARACTERS
POSTSCRIPT -- OTHER FANTASY CARD GAMES & POGS
REFERENCE MATERIAL
USED INTRODUCTION
GenCon is the annual gaming convention , sponsored by TSR  ( Tactical Studies Research ) of Lake Geneva , Wisconsin .
TSR , Inc. is the originator of the original Fantasy Role Playing Game , Dungeons & Dragons .
The GenCon Convention is the place to introduce new products to the FRP ( Fantasy Role Playing ) crowd because 15,000 to 25,000 people attend GenCon annually .
In 1993 , when I walked into the convention hall where vendors have their booths , a crowd caught my eye .
There was a group of people sitting around a line of tables playing cards and the crowd was intently watching .
I had never heard of or seen a " fantasy " card game before , so I asked about it .
As it turned out , Peter Adkison and his " basement " company , Wizards of the Coast , had driven all the way from Renton , Washington to introduce Magic : The Gathering . I had no idea at that point that I was video taping Gaming History .
At the 95 convention there were so many people packed around The Wizards of The Coast mega - booth that it was hard to get a decent picture .
People were buying , selling and trading Magic cards .
It was easy to see why " Adkison 's basement operation ... has mushroomed from 6 to 250 employees , with operations in Glasgow , Scotland , and Antwerp , Belgium , in addition to Renton , Washington . " ( 3 ) .
A press release entitled Growing Globally tells of their international success .
I was startled to read that there are more than 1/2 Billion Magic cards in circulation around the world with more to come .
The company cannot keep up with the demand for the cards .
There is such a demand for the cards that they are bought , sold , traded and even auctioned over the InterNet .
Now , lest you think we are talking pennies , I have seen bids on cards from $ 50 to $ 100 .
I have heard report of cards bringing $ 200 and more .
For $ 1500 you can buy the Unlimited Series set and for $ 1000 the Legends series .
Need I say more ?
" Magic continues to grow and is quickly becoming recognized as one of the most elaborate strategy games in history . "
( 1/5 ) THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE GAME
The root idea for the game came from Peter Adkison .
You might say Adkison is a preacher 's kid because his father was an Army chaplain .
But his mind was not on the things of the Lord .
" While in high school he developed a fascination with role - playing games , such as Dungeons and Dragons , and began developing his own games . "
( 3 ) He organized a small gaming company that he ran out of his basement called Wizards of the Coast and he began marketing fantasy role playing games .
That 's where Dr. Richard Garfield , professor of combinational math comes in .
He too was a fantasy role - playing enthusiast .
He met with Peter over a pizza in Portland , Oregon , to try to get him to produce the fantasy role playing game , RoboRally .
Peter was not interested but said , " he really saw a need for a game that could be played quickly with minimal equipment , a game that would go over well at conventions . "
( 2/4 ) He suggested the concept for a fantasy card game and asked Garfield if he thought he could develop the game .
The rest is gaming history .
THE EVIL OF MAGIC : THE GATHERING
I see at least four major problems with this game .
These conspicuous problems cause me to urge people neither to collect these cards nor play the game -- 1 ) The primary focus on the occult 2 ) The violent nature of the game 3 ) The addictive nature of the game 4 ) The identification of the players with evil characters .
THE OCCULT FOCUS & VIOLENCE OF THE GAME
The Bible makes it clear in both the Old and New Testaments that occult practices are an abomination to the Lord .
Deuteronomy 18:10 - 12
There shall not be found among you any ... that useth divination , or an observer of times , or an enchanter , or a witch , 11 Or a charmer , or a consulter with familiar spirits , or a wizard , or a necromancer .
12 For all that do these things are an abomination unto the LORD : Another scripture passage that points out just how seriously God views the occult and wizardry is Acts 13:10 .
The Apostle Paul indicts Elymas the sorcerer with these words -- O full of all subtlety ( deceit ) and all mischief ( maliciousness ) , thou child of the devil , thou enemy of all righteousness , wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord ?
The fact is , we should not mimic things that are an abomination to the Lord .
No one should even pretend to be a child of the devil , an enemy of righteousness .
When they do , they pervert the acceptable ways of the Lord !
Perhaps you are wondering , are Magic cards really occult oriented ?
Read this quote carefully -- " Unlike Dungeons and Dragons , which became an infamous tool for occultists , Magic has not developed an outside mythology .
' This draws on the milieu , the fantasy of Dungeons and Dragons ' says Richard Garfield , the creative impetus behind Magic ... "
' 4 The Washington Post , pulls no punches when it says unequivocally that Dungeons and Dragons was an " infamous tool for occultist . "
Why ?
Because D&D derived its story line , symbols and characters from the occult and Pagan mythology .
But Magic : The Gathering developer Adkison does not think his game has that problem .
Why ?
Because he has gone to D&D for his story line , symbols and characters but not the " real " occult .
What is he thinking ?
Though he has a Ph.D. in combinational math , his reasoning is flawed .
Since D&D is based on the occult and is a tool of occultist , then Magic cards will be equally a tool for occultists because they are based on the occult also , the second generation occult data of D&D .
After reading two books about the game , watching the game being played , reading numerous news articles and reading scores of Internet E - Mail messages on the game , there is no doubt in my mind that Magic cards promote the occult and violence .
Just a word about God 's view of violence -- GOD HATES THOSE WHO PROMOTE VIOLENCE .
Look at Psalms 11:5
The LORD trieth the righteous : but the wicked and him that loveth violence his soul hateth .
Let 's look at some more of the evidence .
Georiga Pabst of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel writes , " Magic : The Gathering takes place in the mystical multiverse of Dominia where players become mighty wizards and , armed with beautifully illustrated cards of various creatures , artifacts and lands , cast spells and enchantment aimed at killing off the opponent . " 3 ( emphasis added ) Georgia , in the above concise statement , hits the nail on the head .
Every player is a wizard or sorcerer and the goal is to build up enough magic energy to kill your opponent .
Here 's how it works according to the instruction book that comes with the cards -- " There are two basic types of cards : spells and lands .
Lands are easy to spot ; they say ' land ' in between the picture and the text box .
Lands are the most common kind of card in Magic , since they usually provide the mana , or magical energy , for all your spells .
You can lay out one land per turn , and you may use the land for mana as soon as it is in play . "
5/5 Now , how do you kill your opponent ?
Aimee Miller of the Washington Post wrote , " The rules of the game are simple : Each player starts with 20 ' lifepoints . '
You gain lifepoints by casting beneficial spells from land cards .
You lose lifepoints when attacked by nasty creatures and charms .
If you run out of lifepoints , you 're exiled , which is a polite way of saying your dead .
Players stay alive by annihilating their opponents first . "
4
She goes on to say , " Want to crush your opponent in under five minutes ?
Stack the deck with deadly and destructive black and red Magic cards " .
4 ( emphasis added )
That brings me to the Mana ( magical energy )
Chart explaining the different kinds of Magic and how they can be used .
Black Magic is identified as the magic of death .
Let me share with you two quotes from the book , Mastering Magic Cards .
" The magic of death is often a double - edged sword , however , malevolent to its wielder as well as its victim .
Few people summon the awesome might of the Lord of the Pit without being ready to sacrifice their very worldly existence to wield its incredible power ... "
1/30 The second quote -- " A black necromancer wields the sacrifice , particularly the Dark Ritual Cards " 1/30 Blue Magic is mental in nature and taps " the elemental forces of air and water . "
Friends , lest you think this is harmless let me tell you that occultists believe in and seek to tap into the power of what they call Sylphs ( elemental spirits of the air ) .
They believe that Lucifer empowers air spirits .
That is interesting in light of Ephesians 2:2
Wherein in time past ye walked according to the course of this world , according to the prince of the power of the air , the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience : .
The truth is , the elemental spirits that occultists claim to communicate with , whether they be air , water , earth or fire spirits are demons from Satan 's diabolical horde .
I have personally interviewed a real witch who says she invokes earth spirits known as trolls ( really demons ) to assist her in her rituals .
( See my pamphlet The Truth About Trolls for more information ) .
Magic cards is conditioning children to be receptive to paganism .
Green Magic draws energy from the forest and has vast destructive capabilities .
Green or Ecological magic is in fact one of the most popular forms of witchcraft today .
Red Magic is the destructive magic of earth , fire , chaos and war .
Chaotic magic is practiced by many today .
There are Internet sights devoted solely to this diabolical from of magic .
White Magic is used for protection , healing injuries and chivalrous war .
Wiccans claim to practice only this " good " kind of magic .
I know that is not true .
I have copies of curses that " good witches " have spit out against Christians .
And let me remind you that occult magic in any form is derived from Satan and his diabolical horde .
Likely there are those who will protest ,
What 's the big deal ?
It 's only a game !
Listen , games are powerful tools for capturing the minds of children .
Games point the thinking of those who play them in a definite direction and if that direction is not a wholesome direction , there can be problems .
Listen to who is playing the game and what it is doing to them -- THE ADDICTIVE NATURE OF THE GAME " Magic addicts range from kindergartners to middle - aged professionals -- the game 's a favorite pastime for Microsoft employees .
They also include a substantial number of female players in addition to the ' teenage ' , white male boys " Renee Shallis of Wizards of the Coast .
4 " Originally targeted to males in their teens and early 20s , Magic now has younger children playing ... "
" After the printing of Fallen Empires , there exists over 1,000 cards , and no one can claim to own all of them .
Many of the veteran addicts are familiar with each and every one and can recite their name , abilities , casting costs , and color with no reference to aid them ; " 1/5 " The game has literally captured the imaginations of thousands and taken on a life of its own . "
1/3 That is a major problem .
When anyone becomes preoccupied with thoughts that are an abomination to the Lord God Almighty there is going to be trouble .
According to 2 Corinthians 10:4 - 5 we must reject thoughts that are contrary to God 's word , and bring into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ .
If a person refuses to do that Romans 1:21 reveals the consequences -- Because that , when they knew God , they glorified him not as God , neither were thankful ; but became vain in their imaginations , and their foolish heart was darkened .
A darkened heart is serious business !
Let me issue a solemn warning to parents , Magic :
The Gathering is dangerous because it conditions the minds of the players to be receptive to the occult and violence and those who really get into it become addicted .
It becomes the focus of their lives .
There is one final issue I want to deal with .
That is -- THE IDENTIFICATION OF PLAYERS WITH EVIL CHARACTERS
Many of those who play Magic cards identify mentally with the Sorcerer they choose to play .
That is dangerous .
Consider these quotes -- " Part of the game 's appeal comes from ' the ability to develop a character -- you get to be somebody else , ' says Garfield ...
In Magic the deck you put together reflects your character -- your persona . " 4 " ...
Magic is closer to role playing than any other card or board game I know of . "
2/17 The best thing you can do , in my opinion , with Magic : The Gathering is to follow Acts 19:19 - 20 Many of them also which used curious arts ( occult materials ) brought their books together , and burned them before all men : and they counted the price of them , and found it fifty thousand pieces of silver .
20 So mightily grew the word of God and prevailed .
Ephesians 5:11
And have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness , but rather reprove them .
POSTSCRIPT -- OTHER FANTASY CARD GAMES & POGS Because Magic cards " struck gold " there are now more than a dozen new fantasy card games that have been introduced .
Many of them add another element you need to be warned of , that is SENSUALITY .
In my opinion women are portrayed in pornographic or near pornographic fashion .
In fact , as I ready this research report for the printer , I talked to a New York attorney , who is researching Magic cards .
She has nearly 1000 of them .
She told me that there are definitely cards that are sensual and portray women in pornographic poses .
Other fantasy card games include -- SPELLFIRE  , GUARDIANS  , HIGHLANDER  , WYVERN , VAMPIRE  , BloodWars , SHADOWFIST  , HYBORIAN GATES , RAGE COMBAT , TOWERS IN TIME  ,
On the Edge / ARCANA , EVERWAY  just to name the ones that I have researched .
I should say a few words about Pogs ( also called milk caps ) .
I am concerned about pogs for the following reasons .
First , many of them have occult symbols on them .
Some of them have drawings of pagan gods and goddesses .
Many are death oriented , containing drawings of skulls , skeletons , etc .
I have seen some that are sensual .
Others have shamanistic figures on them or witches .
But , there are many that have sports figures on them or even Hollywood stars .
Even if your child collects only the good pogs , if he trades them with others , he will be exposed to the bad ones .
Do you want that exposure ?
Second ,
The QVC home shopping channel announcer made the following announcement attributing it to an organization called the Pog World Federation --
Every stack of pogs has its own aura .
You concentrate on your ch'i .
That is alarming because auras are rooted in Hindu beliefs and the ch'i is rooted in Taoism .
Both have occult implications .
Basically they are saying pogs have their own energy or life force and so do the players .
To win you need to connect the two .
That is the occult doctrine of pantheism .
Finally , there is the element of gambling that concerns me .
Do you want your child playing pogs " for keeps " as we used to say in marbles ?
I do not believe gambling glorifies God. REFERENCE MATERIAL USED 1 . Mastering Magic Cards ; George H. Baxter & Larry W. Smith , Ph.D. ; Wordware Publishing , Inc. , Plano , Texas .
2 . The Magic The Gathering -- Pocket Players ' Guide ; Wizards of the Coast , Renton , Washington .
3 . Success of fantasy sci- fi card game is magical ; by Georgia Pabst ; Milwaukee Journal Sentinel , August 6 , 1995 .
4 . Under the Spell of ' Magic ' by Aimee Miller ; Washington Post ; 7-27- 94 .
5 . Magic : The Gathering -- Deckmaster 's Instruction book that comes with the cards .
A notation on my footnote numbering system :
When you see numbers like 2/17 , the first number represents the reference material used and the second number indicates the page number .
Information on how to get a 4 color copy of this report is available from -- Logos Communication Consortium , Inc .
P.O. Box 173 , Oak Creek , WI 53154
E-mail : FirstBaptistChurchOC@gmail.com
READER COMMENTS ON
" LIVE ' Special Election Night Marathon Coverage ' on NovaM Radio Network All Night Long Tonight ! "
( 110 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... what now toons said on 11/4/2008 @ 11:33 am PT ...
No matter what anybody says about Obama being ahead , get out and vote .
If people think he 's already won , it could be our undoing , we need to overwhelm the electorate , make it impossible to steal .
That and to give Obama an unmistakable mandate to take this country back to the time before this GOP madness that has handed our country to the corporate masters ,
It 's time for we the people to set a new positive direction for our beloved country .
ve a new get out and vote animation , here it is ...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkiUVH8MF8s
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Marzi said on 11/4/2008 @ 11:37 am PT ...
Here in New York our voting machines with levers worked beautifully .
You hand in a card with your vote number and then choose and push the lever .
No need for high tech cheating machines .
BUT , was alarmed that our congress person , Carolyn Maloney , who was a staunch supporter of the Iraq war until her constituents went ballistic , and who voted for the phony bailout , was on the ballot .
No e-mails or brochures that she was even running !!!
Just stealth - trying to run on Obama 's coattails , thinking we would n't notice .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 12:00 pm PT ...
Oh my , what a choice !
Here in Prague it 's already 9:00 , and I 'm way too keyed up to catch a catnap , so it 's gonna be a long night .
Please , people , wrap it up for Obama early !
This guy 's gotta work tomorrow ( yawn ) ...
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 12:06 pm PT ...
Whaddya mean , Brad ?
America is one big free - for - all these days ....
Bippy !
Hi !
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Cindy said on 11/4/2008 @ 12:28 pm PT ...
For God /ess 's sake , get out and vote !
if you Twitter follow 866ourvote .
This election can not and will not be stolen by the Bush and Co. Crime Family .
Vote , people !!
Vote !!!
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 12:29 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 12:53 pm PT ...
They took TIM ROBBINS off the voter rolls !
He had to go get a judge to let him vote !
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 2:37 pm PT ...
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:11 pm PT ...
99 lays in wait ....
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:22 pm PT ...
NOTE : This item set to ' Stay - on - Top ' .
Scroll down for latest items !
Last time I checked in it was down there !
Had me all confused !
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:22 pm PT ...
Man , what a weasel .
Why did you all allow the first interview , the first congressman on the show being interviewed , weasel out of those questions like that ?
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:24 pm PT ...
Who can I kill ?
Only in America where the published results are used to correct and verify the exit polls !
The other way around in the rest of the world .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:24 pm PT ...
I think Brad 's head must have been exploding ....
BB2 , I moved it up because it was worse confusing staying down the page .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:27 pm PT ...
Hey 99 !
Hey BB2 !
Hey all !
Good going , Brad !
I missed it - didja get to vote today ?
They should n't oughta mess with ya .
And good on Tim Robbins !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:28 pm PT ...
BB2 , I moved it up because it was worse confusing staying down the page .
I know - actually that helps .
I 'm hoping I can get the San Fran station on my way home - at work now unable to listen and probably wo n't get on line until later this evening at home .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:29 pm PT ...
Whom can I kill , 99 !
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:29 pm PT ...
I 'm freaking about this exit poll malarkey on the MSM !
They must be consciously trying to turn this into a fascist state .
That is just kaleidoscopically outrageous !
WE GOTTA HAVE THE EXIT POLL NUMBERS !
Take screen shots wherever you find them tonight because the fiends will adjust them to match the UNVERIFIED returns .
That 's sociopathological .
Who can I kill ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:31 pm PT ...
czaragorn
Hey , how 's it going - long time away here - My vote is in , but who knows where it has gone ?
Sigh !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:32 pm PT ...
Bippy !
I ca n't use the word " whom " sometimes , even when I 'm supposed to , because sometimes it just does n't stop sounding wrong ....
At least I do n't say " that " when it should be " who " ....
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:32 pm PT ...
Hiya Czaragorn sweetie !
Good to * see* ya again !
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:36 pm PT ...
Hey BB2 , I 've been behind the scenes , mopping up every day , but have rarely had the time or inclination to post - but I 've come through the darkest hours of my own personal torment , and I 'm still kicking .
Tonight 's kinda special .
It kills me , watching people punching buttons and touching screens as if it meant anything ...
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:38 pm PT ...
Glad you 're out there ( way out there ! )
Czaragorn !
Stay up !
What could possibly go wrong ?!
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:41 pm PT ...
What 's with this electronic crap , anyway ?
Is it nothing more than instant gratification ?
I want my results now , dammit !
What a bunch of babies !
Afraid of paper cuts or something from hand counting ballots as they do in civilized countries ?
Wh - appened to that good ole " CanDo " attitude ?
You 're all invited to join me in the heart of Europe any old time ...
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
Greetings 99 , BB2 ..
Friends .
I am getting ready to go vote .
got my camera , orange shirt , ID , keys and coffee .
PS : that first congress weasel guy , said ( Paraphrasing ) " that the machines can't be nationalized cause each state does their own thing . "
Someone should have countered him with " the Help America Vote Act of 2002 was pretty much nationalized . "
Anyway , I hate it when they weasel like that .
Not to mention the Mail in ballot nonsense ..
Brad got that good enough ..
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
What 's the weather like in your location , Czaragorn ?
If they steals this one I 'm looking for a new country .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:44 pm PT ...
I * did* get to vote today , Czar !
Yeah !
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:45 pm PT ...
Hey Brad , you 're sounding great !
We 're all pulling for you as you set out on your marathon .
Keep up the fine work , and try not to let your wonderful sense of humor slip away .
Just give me weed , whites , and wine , and show me a sign ...
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:49 pm PT ...
Kira , the climate here is a lot like Boston 's , except it does n't get so cold here in the winter , and we hardly get any snow in Prague ( although we get lots in the mountains .
The nicest thing is that the authorities leave us alone to do with our lives as we see fit .
I 've been here for 18 years , and could be of great help to anyone who wanted to make the transition .
Nice to hear from you again , too , and congrats , Brad , for getting your ballot in , for whatever that 's worth ...
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:50 pm PT ...
Hey Phil ... and Kira ... and Brad of course .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:51 pm PT ...
I find it extremely insulting [ if I heard it right ] for the Dem lawyers to slur Brad by calling him just a Liberal blogger .
Let 's crush their tiny heads [ à la Kids in the Hall . ]
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:52 pm PT ...
Kind of like the old 2004 crowd tonight !
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:53 pm PT ...
How big is your house in Prague ???????
Do you know any wealthy socialist Czech gentlemen ?
I 'm on the market for a good one ... preferably a TiVo expert , wealthy socialist gentleman ....
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:53 pm PT ...
Big *FIST - BUMP * BB2 , Phil , 99 , Czaragorn , Brad , Marzi & Toons & Cindy !
Good to see all again .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:54 pm PT ...
Ydeah , noogies !
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:56 pm PT ...
99 - I can always get a bigger house
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
Yup ,
This is the place I first met all you guys .
Even though I have n't commented much lately I have been checking in from time to time .
Hey , Where 's Big Dan ?
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Barbara Bellows - TerraNova said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:57 pm PT ...
REPORTING : ( Duplicate posted under John Gideon 's news today .
Sorry , but I needed to post it earlier , but this thread had n't started yet . )
https://bradblog.com/?p=6623#comment-371140
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:58 pm PT ...
Just put a new drive in the old Tivo today , from a 40 to 192 hours now
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 3:59 pm PT ...
I guess I might be able to re-condition to Boston - ish weather .
I'm a Southerner and kind of a weather wimp However , if the McFailin Party wins I think I can adjust weatherwise .
Good - hearted folks makes everyday warmer anyways .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:00 pm PT ...
You guys are a nice bunch , sure enough
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:01 pm PT ...
Brad ?
I can't believe you said , " not necessarily nefarious " !
The ONLY way to get an indication of the integrity of the returns is to have the actual exit polling data NOT adjusted to conform to the tallies .
None of them are stupid enough to suppose that 's not wrong .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:03 pm PT ...
Hey Flo BB2 - it is almost the same crew gathering tonight .
Big Dan 's probably foraging for more of that great NEWS he manages to find hiding under the radar .
He 's pretty remarkable !
Great show Brad !
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:08 pm PT ...
** Prague has the highest standard of living among all capitals in post - communist countries , according to a survey by Swiss bank UBS , Lidové noviny reported Aug. 10 .
The bank evaluated prices , incomes and purchasing power in 71 capital cities around the world .
Prague 's advantage is its central location in Europe , which lowers corporate transport costs , according to the report .**
99 - Lifestyle of the rich and eligible Lukačovič , a sexy Seznam billionaire , prefers home life By Katya Zapletnyuk
Staff Writer , The Prague Post
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:08 pm PT ...
Flo , yer just tryin ' to make me miserable that you 're married !
Bippy , good , because I think you might be getting quite a few of us if things do n't turn around .
And me maybe even if they do ....
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:11 pm PT ...
We were in such a universe of hurt 4 years ago .
May we all have a happier tomorrow !
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:12 pm PT ...
Hey Kira , everyone , at this time 4 years ago I was parked with my motorhome on Key Largo ... facing east looking over the open water ...
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:15 pm PT ...
What a lovely image - Key Largo .
Delicious salt breezes , lapping waves , fresh caught snapper on the barbie ... wah ... I wanna go .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:15 pm PT ...
99 - It looks like Vermont or New Hampshire here , but a gentler climate here ( but the colors are n't as vibrant in the fall ) - the only drawback is the lack of an ocean
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:17 pm PT ...
Brad :
Only an idiot does n't know to vote today this year
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:18 pm PT ...
So , Bob ... how far to South of France from Prague ?
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:18 pm PT ...
Yeah , Floridiot , I 'm green with envy , landlocked old salt that I am ...
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:23 pm PT ...
A long day 's drive , Kira , or a short flight and a short TGV ride .
How 's about some bouillabaisse in Marseilles ?
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:24 pm PT ...
Chris Hooten - yer durn tootin '
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:27 pm PT ...
But Kira , Croatia is much closer , not to mention cheaper , less crowded , and stunningly beautiful
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:27 pm PT ...
Hey , I 'm here !
The four of us voted .
Is this a sign ?
My 5 characters I had to type in that little box in order to post : " 2BDBD " , I 'm not kidding !!!
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:29 pm PT ...
Hey BD !
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:29 pm PT ...
Prague is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
We could get a fountain and play sounds of the surf on the stereo ....
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:30 pm PT ...
Who could have possibly anticipated all those black people wanting to vote ?
After all , this is n't like a totally historic moment in black history or anything ...
Errr. Sheesh !
How stupid do they think people are ?
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:31 pm PT ...
I noticed on our local propaganda talk radio show , a bunch of callers called in and said their votes flipped from McCain to Obama on the e-vote machines .
But , guess what ?
Just like Mark Crispin Miller said about that one report of it happening : they did n't contact authorities , they contacted the media instead ... AND had no proof that it happened !
Not that it means it did n't happen , but .... funny those who say their votes flipped from McCain to Obama always have NO PROOF and contact the media instead of witnesses while it 's happening , no video , etc ...
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:31 pm PT ...
Yes , 99 , Prague is gorgeous !
I 'm still astonished that Disney has n't bought Old Town Square yet .
It 's really a great place to live .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:34 pm PT ...
It 's a date , sweetie .
Escargot , bouillabaisse , confit , foie gras & shrimp scampi ... stop me , Help me somebody !!!
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:35 pm PT ...
Notice , the EXIT POLL propaganda : they never distinguish between the exit polls and the projection polls .
There 's a big difference , right ?
Exit polls are asking people about an event that just happened : " Who did you just vote for ? "
Something historical .
The other " polls " are projections of the future .
They lump exit polls in with " polls " , and say , " the polls " are n't accurate .
But exit polls ARE accurate !
Just like they do n't distinguish between vote fraud and voter fraud .
Same thing .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:36 pm PT ...
Sounds pretty awesome , Mr. I do n't know how to pronounce your name .
( Czar ... )
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:37 pm PT ...
It 's OK , Kira , they probably wo n't let you on a plane anyway
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:39 pm PT ...
Hey Chris , I do n't know either ...
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:40 pm PT ...
Exit polls ARE so accurate representatives from the USA have been using them FOREVER to prove election fraud ... like '04 ~~~~~UKRAINE~~~~~
pushed by the [ ahem ] REPUBLICANS .
DUH .
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... old turk - AKA said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:40 pm PT ...
Why , .. why , .. I 'm so exasperated , .. I could just write a book .
Is there a word limit one is restricted to here in the comment section ?????
Would you mind if I publish my book here ????? old turk , .. AKA , .. z from the other thread .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:41 pm PT ...
I went on HuffPo on two of their live bloggers this afternoon , and that Bob Cesca , who I like , said not to believe the exit polls , do you believe that ?
And I like his columns !
And he linked to an article that 's making the rounds today , which I happened to see Bluebear comment on , ironically , that said " 10 reasons not to believe exit polls " ( or something like that ) .
BB2 : I saw you comment there .
Pretty funny !
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:42 pm PT ...
Here are some pics from a tradition I started 17 years ago ( blush ) :
http://prague.tv/galleri...gallery=chicken-day-2005
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:42 pm PT ...
You know - I need to update my passport so I really do n't know if they 've put me on the no-fly list or not .
Why would they do that ?
COMMENT # 71 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:43 pm PT ...
Brad :
I want a country that respects my privacy rights and does n't attack other countries .
That 's the change I want .
And energy research and development .
COMMENT # 72 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:45 pm PT ...
Hey Z ... long time , eh ?
Why , I feel just like you said .
COMMENT # 73 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:45 pm PT ...
Kira - they might ground all BradBlog denizens - who knows ?
COMMENT # 74 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:48 pm PT ...
Then we must dig a tunnel to Canada .
COMMENT # 75 [ Permalink ]
... old turk - AKA said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:48 pm PT ...
Charts and graphs to keep track of the election results you may find useful , ..
Try them out and explore before the results start coming in , ..
Drag over each state to get results , ..
http://maps.google.com/h...elections/#2008_election ======
Chart by each state , ..
http://content.usatoday....ion2008/results-all.aspx ===== Electoral count to each candidate , ..
http://www.electoral-vote.com/
=====
COMMENT # 76 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:49 pm PT ...
WTF ?
Where 's Peter and Brad ? ?????????
COMMENT # 77 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:50 pm PT ...
Hey Chris , I do n't know either ...
LOL
COMMENT # 78 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:51 pm PT ...
Croatia 's fine ... I 'm ordering Skampi Buzaru .
COMMENT # 79 [ Permalink ]
... old turk - AKA said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:53 pm PT ...
Hey Kira , ..
https://bradblog.com/?p=6618#comment-371223
Keeping health and in shape ????
http://www.247weight.com/Amazon-Donna-blonde%20(2).jpg
COMMENT # 80 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:54 pm PT ...
Brad and Peter going to synch back up with NovaM at the top of the hour .
COMMENT # 81 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:54 pm PT ...
If Obama wins , get ready for the " See ?
All those liberals said e-vote machines are n't secure ! " ... as if that was the point all along , to get a Democrat to win ... that 's all we wanted !!!
That 's what they 'll say , you watch .
COMMENT # 82 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:56 pm PT ...
My dh just called from the road & said NPR reported several poll challengers have been confronted by people from Obama campaign because they were only challenging Democrats .
One of the challengers ran off before they could get to him .
SCUM .
COMMENT # 83 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:58 pm PT ...
I recently got a passport to go to Mexico .
I was half expecting to have it denied .
On the way back , coming through Phoenix , my wife stepped through the metal detector at TSA security before her luggage passed through the X - ray machine - it had got hung up in the machine - and the guard totally freaked out screaming at her to get back !
They even had me run my straw hat through the X - ray machine - we need to watch out for those straw bombs you know !
Done with work now , time to head home , see you all sometime later .
COMMENT # 84 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 4:58 pm PT ...
Zackly , BD - we 're all being played for chumps , I fear
COMMENT # 85 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:00 pm PT ...
Brad probably has to drain his peter .
COMMENT # 86 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:01 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 87 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:05 pm PT ...
Drain .
That 's the best word to describe this Election cycle .
Starting with McPlunger 's campaign .
Joe the Plumber ... perfect mascot for the in - the - toilet campaign .
COMMENT # 88 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:05 pm PT ...
Back with NovaM at top of hour .
Lost ISDN link , and must wait until top of hour to synch back up .
COMMENT # 89 [ Permalink ]
... Bluebear2 said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:05 pm PT ...
This is strange - I just checked the map at Raw Story http://rawstory.com/news...lection_Day_08_1104.html and they show South Carolina for McCain , yet if you hover on the state in the map it has McCain 44 % and Obama 55 % - McCain is check as the winner .
COMMENT #90 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:08 pm PT ...
From HuffPo :
The states looking good for Obama : Florida : 52 percent to 44 percent
Iowa : 52 percent to 48 percent
Missouri : 52 percent to 48 percent
North Carolina : 52 percent to 48 percent
New Hampshire : 57 percent to 43 percent
Nevada : 55 percent to 45 percent
Pennsylvania : 57 percent to 42 percent
Ohio : 54 percent to 45 percent
Wisconsin : 58 percent to 42 percent
Indiana : 52 percent to 48 percent
New Mexico : 56 percent to 43 percent
Minnesota : 60 percent to 39 percent
Michigan : 60 percent to 39 percent
The states where McCain is leading in exit polls : Georgia : 51 percent to 47 percent
West Virginia : 45 percent to 55 percent
COMMENT #91 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:09 pm PT ...
... those NOT TO BE TRUSTED JUST YET ... according to HuffPo ...
COMMENT # 92 [ Permalink ]
... old turk - AKA said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:10 pm PT ...
Other link not working ?
Try this one .
Hi Kira , .. keeping healthy and in shape ??? === Recent photo of Kira , .. at the beach to kick sand in Republican voter 's faces and flex a little too - just for the crowd , .. because they alway beg her to do so .
http://thumbsnap.com/v/VYAy1Vf9.jpg
COMMENT #93 [ Permalink ]
... Lottakatz said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
Hey , Hey - Great news and awful news from St. Louis ;
It 's going good in South County where I vote short to no lines but St. Louis gives out grief based on demographics so I 'm just a little surprised : I waited almost 2 hours in '04 but no wait today .
The Central Corridor , North County and some outlying suburban townships have 4 to 8 - 9 hour waits , yep , voting while black / poor .
The video of the lines are a prima facia case for discrimination .
Typical .
Bastards .
Still , if results from those areas come back less than 75 % Obama there will be a paper trail .
Assuming one of those lawyers we keep hearing about takes notice .
GOOD NEWS : I just saw a member of the Election Commission on the local news and he was kind of pissed .
He said that he was being told from his precincts that there were local activists *** with their own agenda *** that were telling people at the precincts not to use the touch screens and everybody was asking for paper ballots .
That was why the lines were so long .
Yeayea , that 's a part of the problem but it 's great news nonetheless .
WooHoo , just turned on to another station and they had the same story and a follow - on that a group of lawyers had negotiated in one of the ' problem ' precincts that would allow people to fill out their paper ballots at tables that were set up in order to speed up the process .
the touch screen machines were not being used .
This was done also in a school auditorium and people are being allowed to sit in the bleachers to fill out their ballots .
No privacy but ...
When I voted during the primary I asked if we would be able to use the paper ballots for the November election and was told no , just touch screens .
When I visited the SoS website thereafter it said the same thing so I expected to get to the polls and have to use a touch screen and be pissed off all day and evening but I guess that decision was changed to everyone 's benefit .
Since
The actual polling place I use is inside a school gym the party workers handing out sample ballots cluster around the building door so thick that you have to walk around or through them in a very close fashion .
You have to walk toward them with attitude if you do n't want to have to slow down ( to courteously decline their offers of samples etc ) as you enter .
So I just approached them briskly and when I got close threw up my arms and said exuberantly ( stole Craig Ferguson 's line )
" It 's a great day for America " and they moved back while saying ' yes it is and laughing .
One of them said to another " We know who she 's voting for . "
The did n't impede me at all .
It was a good vote , I enjoyed it .
IT 'S A GREAT DAY FOR AMERICA !
COMMENT # 94 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:11 pm PT ...
Weird it is , BB2 .
MSNBC calls SC for McCain
But this is posted on that site : Obama Dem 3,579,897 53 76
McCain GOP 3,075,595 46 34
Others 52,873 1 0
COMMENT #95 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:15 pm PT ...
Jeebus ... Palast 's report .
Holy mother of god .
COMMENT #96 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:16 pm PT ...
Wilburrr ...
Pour me another shot . . .
COMMENT #97 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:17 pm PT ...
Z - yu 're hilarious !
Better not make me spit coffee on my monitor tonight .
COMMENT #98 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:20 pm PT ...
Oh wait ... my # 94 .
I guess those figures are totals , not just SC .
O gawd I 'm a bundle of nerves tonight .
COMMENT #99 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:26 pm PT ...
The numbers for GA are looking seriously wrong .
There 's gonna be a lot of work for data crunchers tonight & tomorrow .
COMMENT # 100 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:27 pm PT ...
I was n't allowed to video my vote .
Joan
O keif denied me , refused to say why on tape .
What 's the deal with video your vote ?
You have to be media ( I am ) and you have to have prior approval ?
Anyone know if this is true ?
At this point my paper ballot went into the Auxiliary tray of the diebold scanner .
I have no evidence .
COMMENT # 101 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:27 pm PT ...
You 're not the only one , Kira ...
COMMENT # 102 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:32 pm PT ...
That sucks Phil .
Sounds like BS also ( from the election workers , not you ) .
You should be able to video YOUR OWN VOTE .
COMMENT # 103 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:34 pm PT ...
Lottakatz -
Will they actually count the paper ballots ... or even look at the provisionals ?
COMMENT # 104 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:37 pm PT ...
Oh well , I guess California does not allow video your own ballot .
Call me extremely pissed .
COMMENT # 105 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:44 pm PT ...
Phil , I guess you just have to 007 it - mebbe next time ( if there is a next time ) ...
COMMENT # 106 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:45 pm PT ...
Chris Hooten , in GA it 's they say illegal to carry a video camera or have a cellphone ON when you get inside the room with the dastardly machines .
COMMENT # 107 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:50 pm PT ...
I 'm on PeterBCollins.com until top of 9 pm ET hour now , back with NovaMRadio.com
COMMENT # 108 [ Permalink ]
... czaragorn said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:50 pm PT ...
Geez , Brad , it 's almost 3:00 am here , and I just heard you tell me I 'll be here until noon !
Thank goodness it 's the greatest celebration of our time , even though I suspect O'Bama et al. are working for Cheney Corp .
Oh well ...
COMMENT # 109 [ Permalink ]
... old turk said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:52 pm PT ...
Another election results map from CBS , ..
http://election.cbsnews.com/election2008/
COMMENT # 110 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/4/2008 @ 5:55 pm PT ...
This CBS report was in March 1975 .
Edward J.Daly , owner of World Airways , sent a Boeing 727 aircraft to Da Nang Vietnam to pick up stranded woman and children .
Instead the aircraft was swamped by military personnel climbing on the aircraft .
There were 260 people aboard a plane which is designed to carry 105 .
The plane was overloaded by 20,000 pounds .
The baggage compartments were loaded with people .
Some of the problems during the flight included , the rear stairway remained partially extended for the entire flight , the main wheels would not retract , a hand grenade damage to one of the wings causing fuel loss , and the lower cargo doors were open .
The plane had to fly at 10,000 feet because of lack of pressurization thus fuel consumption was three times greater than normal .
I spend a lot of time in my upcoming book Death from the Skies !
making the case that for the most part , astronomical dangers to life on Earth — especially from explosions called gamma-ray bursts — are incredibly rare , and not worth fretting over too much .
I may — may — have to change my mind .
Note :
Let me be clear up front , since folks tend to worry about these things :
I ’m going to talk about some frightening things in this post , but my personal opinion as someone who has actually studied this stuff is that we are in no real danger .
The object I ’ll be describing is pretty interesting , but there are way too many uncertainties about it to cause any panic for now .
So remain calm , keep your arms and legs inside the blog entry at all times , and enjoy .
If you want more reassurance , just skip to my conclusion below .
Up until now , I had n’t heard of WR 104 .
This is a binary star located 8000 light years away , more or less toward the center of our galaxy .
The two stars are both whoppers ; one is a massive O star , which will someday detonate in a tremendous supernova .
However , at that great distance , it wo n’t do anything more than be a bright light in the sky .
The other star in the system is a bit of a worry , though .
It ’s what ’s called a Wolf Rayet star , a massive , luminous star that is on the brink of exploding as well .
In general , these also blow up as supernovae and , from 8000 light years away ( 80 quadrillion kilometers ) it would n’t pose much of a threat .
But what if it explodes as a gamma-ray burst ?
GRBs are a special type of supernova .
When a very massive star explodes , the inner core collapses , forming a black hole , while the outer layers explode outwards .
Due to a complex and fierce collusion of forces in the core , two beams of raw fury can erupt out of the star , mind - numbing in their power .
Composed mostly of high - energy gamma rays , they can carry more energy in them than the Sun will put out in its entire lifetime .
They are so energetic we can see them clear across the Universe , and having one too close would be bad .
Enter WR 104 .
The brighter of the two stars might , just maybe kinda possibly , be ready to go GRB on us .
It ’s not at all clear if it can , and there is reason to believe it ca n’t ( young stars like this one tend to have characteristics that make it very hard for them to form an actual GRB ) .
Also , even if it does blow up that way , the beams are a double - edged sword ; yes , they pack an unbelievable punch , but they ’re narrow .
A GRB would have to be aimed precisely at us to damage us , and the odds of that are pretty low .
Except that for WR 104 , it ’s possible the star does have us in its sights .
The only way to know which direction a potential GRB ’s beams will blast out is to look for some signs in the system of symmetry ; a disk of gas , for example , would orbit the star ’s equator , so the poles of that disk would be the direction the beams would follow .
WR 104 does have a feature that allows us to determine its orientation — a vast spiral of material being ejected from the system .
The picture above was taken using the Keck infrared telescope in Hawaii .
It shows the material being ejected .
Both stars have strong winds of material they blow , like super - solar winds .
These winds collide , and flow outward from the binary .
The streaming gas forms a spiral pattern in the same way a rotating lawn sprinkler shoots out water .
The gas does n’t actually move along the spiral arms ; that ’s a bit of an illusion caused by the rotation of the system ( comets sometimes show this same pattern ) .
University of Sydney astronomer Peter Tuthill , who has been studying WR 104 since it was discovered in 2000 , has also created a dramatic movie showing the spiral pattern generated as the two stars orbit each other .
The animation shown here is an older one — a newer one that is much cooler is available , but at 400 kb I ’ll simply link to it — but it gives you an idea of what ’s going on .
The thing to note is that we really are looking at this spiral almost face - on , more - or - less down the pole of the system ( it appears to be tilted by about 12 degrees from face - on , but it ’s difficult to measure , and could be tilted by anything from 0 – 16 degrees — Tuthill ’s technical paper has details ) .
It ’s hard to say exactly , but it ’s close enough to make me wonder .
What would happen if WR 104 were to go all GRB on us ?
One thing is that it would be incredibly bright .
How bright is actually hard to say ; GRBs are notoriously variable in brightness , and there may be quite a bit of dust between us and the system that would absorb a lot of the visible light .
The major concerns from a GRB at this distance are two - fold : the impact of the high energy radiation , and the impact of subatomic particles called cosmic rays .
Models of a GRB exploding at roughly the same distance indicate that the immediate impacts are damage to the ozone layer , and the creation of nitrogen dioxide , which is basically smog .
Gamma rays emitted by the burst would hit ozone molecules and shatter them , and models indicate that a GRB at this distance could deplete the ozone layer by 30 % globally , with local pockets depleted by 50 % .
It would take years for the ozone to recover from that .
Note that the ozone holes we have been dealing with the past few years are actually depletions of less than 5 % .
Obviously , this is a big deal .
Also , the gamma rays would break apart molecules of nitrogen in our air , which would reform as nitrogen dioxide , a reddish - brown gas that is essentially smog .
This could potentially block sunlight , cooling the Earth .
That may sound nice , given the reality of global warming , but in fact we ’d rather not have something like this happen when we do n’t understand all the implications .
Plus , nitrogen dioxide is water soluble , and would precipitate down as acid rain .
So all that would be bad .
Worse , the flood of subatomic particles from such a GRB may in fact be more dangerous .
These cosmic rays hit the air and create fast particles called muons , which would rain down over the Earth .
How bad is that ?
Actually , it ’s pretty uncertain ; the number of variables involved is large , and the modeling of this is notoriously difficult .
It ’s not even clear that the cosmic rays from a GRB at this distance would even reach us , and if they did , what exactly would happen .
The worst - case scenario is pretty bad — large scale mass extinctions — but I am not sure anyone really believes those models .
The best case scenario is that they never reach us at all , so the range is a bit wide .
There ’s just too much we do n’t know .
Another issue is that the distance to WR 104 is uncertain .
It may be 8000 light years , but other astronomers think it may be as close as 5000 light years .
That does make a difference , since the damage it can inflict is sensitive to distance .
Farther away is better !
Tuthill ’s team thinks 8000 light years is a better estimate , so that ’s good .
Finally , we do n’t know when such a star will explode .
It could be tonight , or it may be thousands of years from now .
So it ’s not worth losing sleep over this !
To wrap up : WR 104 is an interesting system .
Both stars are guaranteed to explode one day .
If they are just regular old supernovae , then we are in no danger at all , because they are way way too far away to hurt us ( a regular supernova has to be about 25 light years or closer to hurt us , and WR 104 is 300 times farther away than that ) .
It is possible that one of the stars may explode as a GRB , and it ’s possible it ’s aimed at us , but we do n’t know .
And we do n’t know exactly what effects it would have on us .
So if it ’s less than 10,000 years from exploding and if it blows up as a GRB and if it ’s aimed at us and if there is n’t much junk between us and it , then yeah , we may have a problem .
But that ’s an awful lot of ifs .
Given all these uncertainties , and having researched the dangers of GRBs extensively for my book , I wo n’t be losing any sleep over WR 104 .
For now , this is just an extraordinarily cool object , and it ’s worth keeping an eye on — certainly for its astronomical interest alone !
But as for it being a Death Star , I think it ’s way way too early to tell .
West Virginia ’s Saturday Gazette - Mail reports early voting irregularities :
At least three early voters in Jackson County had a hard time voting for candidates they want to win .
Virginia Matheney and Calvin Thomas said touch - screen machines in the county clerk ’s office in Ripley kept switching their votes from Democratic to Republican candidates .
“ When I touched the screen for Barack Obama , the check mark moved from his box to the box indicating a vote for John McCain , ” said Matheney , who lives in Kenna .
When she reported the problem , she said , the poll worker in charge “ responded that everything was all right .
It was just that the screen was sensitive and I was touching the screen too hard .
She instructed me to use only my fingernail . ”
Even after she began using her fingernail , Matheney said , the problem persisted .
When she tried to vote for candidates running for two open seats on the Supreme Court , the electronic machine canceled her second vote twice .
( snip )
“ Leaving the polling place , ” she said , “ I wondered how many voters might not have noticed that their vote was switched on the machine . ”
There ’s a rumor going around that actress Anne Hathaway frankly discusses anal sex in an upcoming interview with Esquire Magazine .
The quote , which is completely fabricated , is so amusing that there ’s no way it can be true .
Hathaway is incorrectly quoted as saying :
Anne reportedly says that “ every woman should try it , otherwise they miss out on something amazing . ”
She also ( allegedly ! ) speaks about the significance of the first time and how anal penetration makes her feel feminine in a “ very special way . ”
Is this true ?
Did Anne really say this ?
[ From Evil Beet ]
I knew this uh , smelled false but it ’s a story we could n’t pass up , so I contacted the editors at Esquire through their online form .
They let me know that this is n’t true and it sounds like they do n’t even have an interview with Hathaway coming up .
They said through e-mail : “ That interview does not appear in an upcoming issue of Esquire magazine . ”
So we have our answer .
We also have a rather controversial topic and one there ’s no way I ’m going to make a personal comment about .
As for Hathaway , she did reveal in early 2007 that she ’s suffered with bouts of anorexia and depression in the past , but that ’s about as personal as she ’s been in interviews .
She prefers to talk in Hallmark card speak when it comes to discussing her long term relationship with a notorious con man .
There are also photos of her faux - fellating her conman ex , Raffaello Follieri , but she seems to have been more than aware that she was being photographed at the time .
Simon Worrall explains why a recent discovery on the seabed of the Indian Ocean will revolutionise our understanding of two ancient civilisations .
The exceptional quality of the goods has led some scholars to suggest that these were gifts from the Tang Emperor himself
" The local fishermen believe that there are underwater spirits guarding the wrecks , " says Tilman Walterfang , as our boatman picks his way through a maze of coral reefs and submerged rocks .
" Sometimes , they perform prayers on the boats , sacrificing a goat , spreading the blood everywhere , to keep the vessel safe . "
I am on a fishing boat in the Gaspar Strait , near Belitung Island , off the south - east coast of Sumatra .
Since time immemorial , this funnel - shaped passage linking the Java Sea and the Indian Ocean has been one of the two main shipping routes .
The Malacca Straits is the other , from China to the West .
A British sea captain , shipwrecked here in 1817 , called it " the most dangerous area between China and London " .
Discovery
Ten years ago , at a spot known locally as " Black Rock " , two men diving for sea cucumbers came across a large pile of sand and coral .
Digging a hole , they reached in and pulled out a barnacle - encrusted bowl .
Then another .
And another .
They had stumbled on the oldest , most important , marine archaeological discovery ever made in South East Asia , an Arab dhow - or ship - built of teak , coconut wood and hibiscus fibre , packed with a treasure that Indiana Jones could only dream of .
There were 63,000 pieces of gold , silver and ceramics from the fabled Tang dynasty , which flourished between the seventh and 10th centuries .
The artefacts from the find are nearly 1,200 years old Among the artefacts was the largest Tang gold cup ever discovered and some of the finest
Yue ware - a porcelain that the ancient Chinese likened to snow because of its delicacy .
The exceptional quality of the goods has led some scholars to suggest that these were gifts from the Tang Emperor himself .
The bulk of the cargo was more homely , including 40,000 Changsha bowls , named after the Changsha kilns in Hunan Province , where they were produced .
Found packed inside tall , earthenware jars , some experts believe bean sprouts were placed between the bowls as a sort of organic bubble - wrap .
These brightly painted tea bowls were the Tang equivalent of plastic food containers .
" It looks like they were approaching Tanjung Pandang , the main town on Belitung Island , when they hit the reef , " explains Walterfang , the stocky German treasure hunter who salvaged the wreck .
The Belitung wreck is a time capsule that has revolutionised our understanding of two ancient civilisations that fill the airwaves today , China and the Middle East
" They may have come here for water or other supplies .
Perhaps there was an emergency .
Or even an attack by pirates .
" But we can not know .
It was nearly 1,200 years ago . "
Magically , everything was perfectly preserved by a layer of silt .
Raised from the seabed more than a millennium later , the gold cups and bronze mirrors , silver boxes and ewers look as fresh as the day they were created .
In 2005 , the Singapore government paid more than £ 20 m to acquire the treasure as the centrepiece for a new maritime museum .
But it is not just about bling .
The Belitung wreck is a time capsule that has revolutionised our understanding of two ancient civilisations that fill the airwaves today - China and the Middle East .
The serial nature of the cargo - 1,000 miniature funeral urns and 800 identical inkpots - shows that China was mass - producing goods for export several centuries earlier than previously thought .
The Arab dhow , the first of its kind ever found , proves something equally startling - that mariners from the Gulf were trading on a scale , and over distances , unmatched by human beings until Vasco da Gama set sail for India at the end of the 15th Century .
Sinbad the Sailor was for real .
Prosperous Basra
One of the Changsha bowls bore a date stamp , " the 16th Day of the seventh Month of the second Year of the Baoli reign " , or AD 826 .
Carbon - 14 analysis of some star anise found in the wreck confirmed this as the probable date of the dhow 's departure from China .
Most scholars believe it set sail from Canton , or Guangzhou , as it is today , the largest of the five ports servicing the Maritime Silk Route .
China mass - produced export goods centuries earlier than first thought No - one knows exactly where the dhow was heading when it struck the coral reef .
Its most likely destination was a place familiar to us for other reasons , the Iraqi port of Basra , as it is called today .
In the 9th Century , Basra was one of the wealthiest cities in the world , with a prosperous merchant class hungry for Chinese luxury goods .
Among the most sensational artefacts found in the wreck are three dishes decorated with cobalt from Iran which represent the oldest blue and white ware ever found , setting back by several hundred years the invention of what would become known all over the world simply as " china . "
From Our Own Correspondent was broadcast on Saturday , 18 October , 2008 at 1130 BST on BBC Radio 4 .
Please check the programme schedules for World Service transmission times .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2008 Tour champ Carlos Sastre with Contador .
Photo : Graham Watson
The men favored to contest for the yellow jersey in the 2009 Tour de France applauded the route revealed in Paris on Wednesday , calling it “ difficult , but interesting . ”
The 96th edition of the Tour de France will begin on July 4 in the Mediterranean Principality of Monaco , race director Christian Prudhomme announced at the Palais des Congrès of Paris on Wednesday .
With Prince Albert II of Monaco by his side , Prudhomme unveiled an unusual Tour route that culminates with a stage that finishes atop Mont Ventoux — the “ giant of Provence ” — before an exceptionally long transfer on the high - speed TGV train for the traditional finish in Paris on the cobbled streets of the Champs Elysées on July 26 .
Cofidis team manager Eric Boyer was among those bristling with excitement after learning that the Ventoux could be the race decider on July 25 .
“ Racing the Ventoux on the penultimate stage !
It ’s daring , ” said Boyer .
“ If the Tour can be decided there , it would be fantastic . ”
Alberto Contador , the 2007 Tour champ .
Photo : Graham Watson
The Tour will also visit Spain , with a stage start in Girona — home to many professional racers — and a finish in Barcelona .
Two - time Tour runner - up Cadel Evans applauded the route , noting that he still has hopes of securing the top step on the podium in Paris .
“ This is a difficult , but interesting route , ” Evans said .
“ I think it suits me .
Twice I ’ve finished just off the top step of the podium , so I have to believe I ’ve got a chance . ”
Evans , however , remained uncertain if the men against whom he will be competing will include seven - time winner Lance Armstrong .
“ If there ’s anyone who can come back and win the Tour , even at the age of 37 , it ’s Armstrong , ” said the Australian .
Armstrong ’s participation in next year ’s
Tour remains uncertain but not impossible , according to his Astana team .
The seven - time Tour winner recently announced his comeback to cycling after a three - year hiatus but in recent weeks has placed doubts on bidding to win an eighth yellow jersey .
The 37 - year - old American appeared to snub Tour bosses last week when he announced he would definitely race next year ’s Giro d’Italia for the first time .
On Wednesday his team manager at Astana , Johan Bruyneel , said nothing had yet been decided , and hinted the American could still race the world ’s biggest bike race next July .
“ Nothing has been decided yet .
We know that Lance will definitely race the Giro d’Italia .
For the Tour , it ’s still 50 - 50 , ” said Bruyneel .
“ But one thing ’s for sure .
He ’s fitter at this period of the year in 2008 than he was , say , in 2003 or 2004 . ”
[ nid :84439 ]
In the presence of the race ’s last three champions , Spaniards Oscar Pereiro , Alberto Contador and Carlos Sastre , Prudhomme unveiled an innovative race route that should keep the suspense going until the penultimate stage .
Beginning in Monaco on July 4 , with a hilly 15 km time trial , the race will notably feature a team time trial , on stage four , for the first time since 2005 .
Finishing times and gaps will count for the overall classification .
Featuring seven mountain stages , 10 flat stages and three summit finishes , the race will include a second individual time trial to be held over 40 km around Lake Annecy on stage 18 .
Prudhomme said that the 2009
Tour will also feature a distinctly maritime theme , with visits to three of Europe ’s greatest lighthouses in Monaco , Marseille and Barcelona .
The 2009 route will take a clockwise course around France , visiting the Pyrenees , moving to the center of France , then proceeding through the Vosges and the Alps before a decisive bend to Mont Ventoux .
Sastre and two - time Tour runner - up Cadel Evans .
Photo : Graham Watson
That means there will be no race against the clock on the penultimate stage , with organizers opting instead , thanks to quick travel possibilities afforded by the TGV fast train , to end a seven - year wait to re-incorporate the difficult Mont Ventoux climb .
Armstrong famously lost to the late Italian climber Marco Pantani on the bald slopes of the Ventoux in 2000 .
Although the stage to Ventoux looks difficult , the accumulation of efforts over three tough days in the Alps , plus the race ’s second time trial , should also help shape the outcome of the race .
Because of Armstrong ’s return , Contador — who recently made history when he added this year ’s Vuelta a España crown to his 2008 Giro d’Italia title and Tour de France crown in 2007 — still does not know whether he will race as team leader .
But he said : “ I think it ’s a very interesting course and that it will be decided before the Mont Ventoux .
But whoever ’s wearing the yellow jersey that day ( stage 20 ) will have huge pressure on his shoulders . ”
The route for the 2009 Tour de France Photo : ASO
A Vote for the American Dream
October 17 , 2008 by twitterpaters
by twit
It is true that there is much to be afraid of with the ongoing demonization of Obama by the McCain campaign .
Many people are rightly concerned that it could incite people to violence against Obama .
The Politico reports on October 16 , 2008 :
Letterman also asked McCain whether Palin said that Obama “ pals around with terrorists . ”
After hesitating for a moment , McCain answered , “ Yes .
And he did . ”
Do we want to live in an America defined by fear ?
Not voting for Obama because of a fear that he will be assassinated is a vote for an America defined by fear .
It is a victory for violence and rage .
Via MSNBC on October 17 , 2008 : The Ayers robo-calls hit : McCain ’s “ campaign is blanketing battleground states with automated phone calls that accuse Democrat Barack Obama of working closely with a domestic terrorist , of holding extreme views on abortion and of ‘ putting Hollywood above America , ’ ” the Wall Street Journal reports , adding , “ Democrats have tracked them in 10 competitive states : Colorado , Nevada , Wisconsin , New Mexico , Virginia , Florida , Missouri , Pennsylvania , North Carolina and Maine , where Republicans hope to snag a single electoral vote given to the winner of the northern congressional district . ”
I ca n’t see the future .
I ca n’t promise that some lunatic wo n’t be inspired by the McCain campaign to try to harm Obama .
But if I let fear guide my decisions , then the lunatics win .
Every day that Obama is in office is a victory for this nation .
It is a victory against racism , against inequality and against war .
It is an affirmation of the America that we want to live in , it is our definition of the future we seek for this country .
I realize that if I was around back when JFK was running for President , and if I knew in advance that he would be assassinated , I still would have voted for him .
His vision for this country was too important to give up on simply because he would not be able to see it through .
JFK renewed hope in America , he gave voice to our American Dream .
Worried by the worsening economy , Kristen Olson decided she ’d better start saving money .
She tallied her expenses and was walloped by sticker shock :
She and her roommates were spending $ 900 a year for cable TV .
“ I ’m not watching $ 900 worth of cable , ” said the 25 - year - old advertising account coordinator , who lives in North Hollywood .
She ’s trying to persuade her roommates to drop the service .
“ You can watch so many shows online for free ; most of them are on Hulu now , ” Olson added , referring to the year - old video site that makes available at the click of a mouse more than 1,000 shows , including her favorites , “ Ugly Betty ” and “ House . ”
Such changes in consumer behavior signal trouble for media companies .
For decades , entertainment executives have boasted that Hollywood is “ recession - proof . ”
No matter how dire the economy , the argument goes , consumers will always be willing to spend on entertainment to escape .
Advertisement
Studio executives note that during the Great Depression , when more than a quarter of the country was out of work , people still scraped together dimes to see the latest motion picture .
In subsequent economic slumps , consumers spent freely on new technology , expanded their home video libraries and , most recently , invested $ 1,000 or more on high - definition , big - screen TVs .
This time , however , past may not be prologue .
Unlike the rudimentary entertainment economy of 75 years ago , when the downtown Bijou was about the only diversion , consumers now have a near - limitless array of entertainment options to occupy their leisure time .
“ While Hollywood films have traditionally fared well during economic downturns , this time around may be quite different , ” said Bobby Tulsiani , an analyst at Forrester Research , which recently examined consumer spending on media .
Blame the Internet .
With faster processors , improved technology to compress video and more than 60 million homes in the U.S. with high - speed connections , the computer seamlessly delivers full - length episodes of television shows and movies .
As a result , the computer now vies with the TV and cinema as the go - to screen for entertainment .
Advertisement
One telling sign was the first “ Saturday Night Live ” parody with Tina Fey impersonating Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin , which drew nearly as many viewers online as watched it on NBC .
Only one - third saw the Sept. 13 skit that Saturday night live , according to San Mateo research firm Integrated Media Measurement Inc .
The rest caught it online or on their digital video recorder .
Olson is representative of a younger generation that values the Internet above other media .
The recent Forrester Research survey found that adults ages 25 to 34 were the most willing to sacrifice a night at the multiplex or premium cable if money gets tight .
What were they least willing to surrender ?
High - speed Internet access .
The endless stream of free content , through legitimate services as well as pirate sites , appears to be shifting viewing habits more quickly than industry executives had anticipated -- or intended .
That creates a dilemma for media companies because the Internet generates substantially lower revenue than established business models -- 30 - second TV commercials and home video sales -- which have long supported the costly economics of TV shows and movies .
That ’s not Hollywood ’s only problem .
When Midori Connolly ’s family business in San Diego , which supplies audiovisual equipment for conferences , began to feel the economic slowdown this summer , she and her husband trimmed expenses .
Advertisement
The monthly subscription to DVDs - via - mail service Netflix was the first to go .
Now they rent movies for $ 1 a day from a kiosk at the supermarket .
Next they saved the $ 10 to download George Strait ’s new “ Troubadour ” album on iTunes .
Instead , they bought two tracks for 99 cents each .
And they did n’t rush out to spend $ 17 for the DVD of “ Sex and the City . ”
They checked out a free copy from the library .
“ We started finding alternatives that we did n’t have to spend money on , ” said the 31 - year - old mother of two .
“ I do n’t feel that we ’ve lost any quality . ”
Media companies are bracing for the fallout from decisions by families like the Connollys .
With the economy cooling , Netflix has lowered its revenue and subscriber forecasts for the fourth quarter .
Viacom Inc. , which owns Paramount Pictures and MTV , and CBS Corp. said profits would be lower than expected , citing weaker ad sales .
NBC Universal plans to slash $ 500 million in spending -- 3 % of its budget -- because it anticipates “ unprecedented economic challenges ” in the year ahead .
The wild card is the length and depth of the downturn .
No one knows how bad things will get .
Advertisement
Although cinema attendance increased during five of the last seven recessions , a closer examination of movie box office receipts during the Great Depression seems at odds with Hollywood ’s conventional wisdom .
Attendance soared in 1929 and 1930 , after the advent of “ talkies , ” but the novelty appears to have worn off amid hard times .
By 1932 , ticket sales had plunged and did not recover until 1940 , just before World War II .
“ It ’s not that the cinema business is completely immune to recessions , ” said John Fithian , chief executive of the National Assn. of Theater Owners .
“ But the industry appears to be recession - resistant .
If there are decent movies , people are going to come out . ”
This year movie attendance is down nearly 4 % from 2007 , and the reverberations are beginning to ripple across the studios .
Third - quarter domestic ticket revenue was down by double digits for three major studios -- 20th Century Fox , Paramount Pictures and Walt Disney Studios , according to Bernstein Research .
Though the box office makes up a small portion of media companies ’ bottom line , movies are important because they propel other segments of the business , such as DVD sales .
Studios rely on DVDs to turn a profit on many of their movies because ticket sales often are not enough to offset production and marketing costs .
Disc sales are down 9 % for the third quarter , and purchases of new releases fell a more dramatic 22 % , according to Nielsen VideoScan .
Advertisement
Studio executives attribute the slump to fewer blockbuster DVDs released in the third quarter .
Industry observers say home entertainment sales traditionally hold up in a down economy , as consumers seek more - affordable entertainment options .
Videocassette tape rentals took off during the 1981 - 82 recession , and DVDs underwent explosive growth during the 2001 slowdown , said Tom Adams , president of Adams Media Research .
That gives studio executives optimism that the latest technology , Blu-ray , will take off despite lower consumer spending .
Holiday sales should shed light on the prospects for Blu-ray .
Other segments of media , such as basic cable TV subscriptions and movie rentals , are expected to remain healthy .
Most people , particularly those older than 35 , view home entertainment as affordable and even indispensable .
A night on the town for a couple who hire a baby sitter , dine at an upscale restaurant and pay for parking and a movie can easily cost as much as the monthly cable bill .
Cable companies realize that they are not immune from household budget cuts .
Advertisement
“ Subscriptions get pared down , ” said Forrester Research analyst James McQuivey .
“ This means cutting extra movie channels , reducing premium channel packages and taking mobile TV [ on cellphones ] out completely . ”
Video game sales slumped in September , down 6 % from a year ago , when Microsoft Corp. released its blockbuster Halo 3 , which drove $ 228 million in sales .
Game sales would be up 22 % for the month if the mega - hit were removed from the equation .
Anita Frazier , video game analyst for NPD Group , said console games , which sell for $ 60 apiece , are perceived as a good value because they afford hours of play .
“ At - home forms of entertainment tend to succeed in difficult times because people are ‘ nesting ’ more at home , ” Frazier said .
Advertisement
The Los Angeles economy , which employs more than 225,000 in entertainment , could feel some pain .
Jerry Nickelsburg , a senior economist with the UCLA Anderson Forecast , said a recession could hamper the ability of studios to finance films , TV networks to sell ad time and companies to cash in on the sale of T - shirts and other merchandise .
“ The entertainment industry is going to be somewhat insulated because of the long lead times for producing films and because movies remain an inexpensive form of entertainment , ” Nickelsburg said .
“ It ’s cheaper than the theater , ballgames or white - water rafting . ”
All bets are off , though , if the recession leads to widespread layoffs .
Nikki Maxwell , a 39 - year - old mother of three from North Hills , said her family was still suffering the aftermath of the writers strike .
Advertisement
Her husband , a video game writer , was displaced by striking writers who flooded the market .
He subsequently landed a job with a start - up , but the couple fear the new company might falter .
Maxwell lost her grant - writing job to state budget cuts .
They cut discretionary spending .
They stopped buying CDs , DVDs , video games and books and gave up Netflix .
They canceled HBO and Showtime , along with trips to indoor playgrounds and the movies .
“ We lost the certainty we had , ” Maxwell said .
“ My husband says the biggest loss that he has is the sense that we can do anything .
We had no doubt that we could be successful .
Here we are -- we ’re statistics . ”
--
Advertisement
dawn.chmielewski@latimes.com
meg.james@latimes.com
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) --
Subtlety may not be in Kevin Smith 's vocabulary , but a lot of off - color words are .
They 're sprinkled liberally throughout the writer - director 's new movie , " Zack and Miri Make a Porno . "
Kevin Smith can't understand why the word " porno " is still a hot button for some people .
The comedy stars Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks as roommates and longtime friends who decide that the solution to their money problems is to make a porn film .
Strong language is nothing new for Smith , whose first film , " Clerks , " put him on the map with its merrily scatological musings .
Though the film had little violence or exposed skin , it was initially given an NC - 17 rating by the MPAA based on the language .
" Zack and Miri " was also a possibility for an NC - 17 , considered the kiss of death by studios because of distributing and marketing challenges , until Smith argued its merits to the ratings board and received an R .
Since " Clerks , " Smith 's films have been almost wistfully romantic ( " Chasing Amy , " " Jersey Girl " ) or as joyfully profane as " Clerks " ( " Dogma , " " Clerks II " ) .
" Zack and Miri , " which opens Friday , is a blend of the two Smiths : full of sex and colorful language , but with a sweet side .
Indeed , Banks told CNN not to be fooled by the film 's tawdry talk .
" Kevin Smith is a huge romantic , " she said .
" He likes to wrap up the romance in profanity , but the guy is more sweet than spicy . "
Watch why " Zack and Miri " is so controversial »
In an interview with CNN , Smith , 38 , cheerfully acknowledged that this is not a film for prudes .
The following is an edited version of the conversation .
Kevin Smith :
There 's a bit of language in this picture .
I 'm not going to lie to you .
... I do n't even think of it as salty .
To me , it 's just like part of a lexicon .
CNN : Well , you do hear it a lot .
Smith : Yeah , yeah , yeah , no doubt .
We 're raising our kid in a household where people curse , as an experiment .
And I think our experiment is working , because I do n't tame my language around the kid .
I do n't run up to her and yell [ expletive ] in her face , but I do n't go out of my way to like not curse in front of her .
And honestly , ironically , she does n't curse .
And I 've tried to get her to curse for like friends and family , because it 's always entertaining to hear a child curse , and she does n't do it .
CNN : Well ... I almost hesitate to ask , but tell me what the genesis was of the film .
Smith :
It 's a movie I 've been researching since I was like 12 years old , to be honest with you .
And sometimes three or four times a day .
...
But it only really came together when I saw Seth Rogen in " 40 - Year - Old Virgin " and instantly fell in love with him and was like , " I got to work with this guy . " ...
So I started thinking about this movie , and immediately it kind of crystallized .
Seeing Seth and thinking about porn , I was like , boom , " Zack and Miri Make a Porno . "
I wrote the script with him in mind .
And by the time I finished with it , " Knocked Up " was about to open , and the word was it was going to be huge , so I was like , we missed our window .
This guy 's going to be famous , and he 'll want nothing to do with this movie .
But I sent him an e-mail anyway where I said , " Look , man , I wrote this flick with you in mind .
Please give it a read . " ...
And I got an e-mail back within five minutes that said , " When I first came to Los Angeles , an agent asked me what I wanted to do with my career .
I said I wanted to be in a Kevin Smith movie .
That has not changed .
Please send me the script ; I would be honored to read it . "
And I was , I was like cha-ching !
You know , my God , it worked out .
CNN : You 're working with some professionals here , and by that I do n't mean Seth and Elizabeth .
I mean working with actual people with porn experience .
Smith :
We got ourselves a former pro. ... Traci Lords , man .
Who , for the last 20 years , has not made an adult film .
Has been keeping that industry at arm 's length as she concentrates on a mainstream career and her musical career and stuff like that .
But you know , it just seemed like if we 're going to make this movie , Traci Lords would just fit into it so well .
We approached her agent , and her agent was like , I do n't know , it 's got " porno " in the title , she ain't going to want to do it .
Then she heard that Seth was in it , and she heard that I was making it , and so she was like , well , I 'll at least read it .
She came over to my house and read it .
And I remember , I was sitting downstairs while she was upstairs reading it , and I was like , if I could go back in time and tell the 16 - year - old version of me that Traci Lords is going to be hanging out in your living room ... my 16 - year - old head would explode .
First , the 16 - year - old would be like , where 'd you get a time machine , and then the 16 - year - old would be like , does she want to have sex with us , and then I 'd have to break it to the 16 - year - old that , no , Traci Lords -- even many years from now -- [ is ] still not interested in your fat ass .
So , she loved the material .
...
Maybe it 's time to embrace it and make fun of it .
I said yeah , please do it .
Katie Morgan is still active in the adult film industry , and she brought a kind of a current vision to it .
She was able to kind of tell me where to put the camera to make things look as convincing as possible .
So I was like , wow , man , this chick who most people know from porn has taught me how to direct .
So if the movie looks any better than my normal stuff , it 's probably because of Katie Morgan .
iReport.com : Will you see ' Zach and Miri ' ?
CNN : The title has created some challenges in terms of the marketing , that some newspapers are not taking ads for it and some buses and what have you .
What do you make of that ?
Smith : I think it 's strange that in this day and age , the 21st century , that people are hung up on a word , and the word is " porno . "
It 's not like we put salacious posters out there .
...
The poster is literally stick figures .
...
People are afraid like , what if my kid asks what porno is ?
Just tell them .
Tell your kid that the porno's not for you .
My kid asked me what a porno is , I 'm going to be like , guess what ?
Hannah Montana is not in it .
Not yet .
Are you still interested ?
Of course she 's not interested in it , because it has nothing to do with her world .
So I just think its kind of sad that like some people lobby against it .
Like , based on the dude who called in , or the many people that called in after the Dodgers ran a spot .
...
Just tell your kid , man ; just be honest with them .
It 's like , look , [ the ] movie 's not for you .
...
It 's crazy to me , because it 's like , some people think that it 's real porn that 's being advertised .
Can you tell me the last porno that you saw that had the word " porno " in the title ?
Like , it does n't exist .
I do n't think it 's ever existed .
CNN : I understand that you were able to convince the MPAA to give you an R rating .
Did that require any cuts ?
And if not , were you surprised ?
Smith : Initially , I was kind of surprised that they gave us the NC - 17 .
Especially because the two areas they focused on were easily addressed : one ... they felt [ was ] gratuitous thrusting in the first porno sequence between Katie Morgan and Jason Mewes , and the other was what we 'll call the egregious bodily fluid shot .
...
I was able to go to the appeals process with the film , where you show it to a different audience .
... [ You ] screen it for [ theater owners ] , and then you get up and do 15 minutes on why you feel it should be an R. Joan Graves [ of ] the MPAA gets up and does 15 minutes on why she feels it's an NC - 17 , then you get 10 minutes to rebut , she gets 10 minutes to rebut .
You leave the room , and that audience makes the vote .
...
You have to win by a two - thirds majority [ to have the rating changed ] .
And they changed the rating .
[ The ] appeals group that we screened for ... flipped it , gave us an R .
And I did n't have to make a single cut , so everything I wanted in the movie is in the movie .
That 's kind of cool as a filmmaker .
CNN : Your own presidential debate .
Smith : A little bit .
...
It was kind of like " Inherit the Wind , " but about porn , not the Scopes Monkey Trial .
All About Movies • Kevin Smith
Maybe only a friendly foreigner could say this .
But America needs to realize that not everyone can own a home .
The American Dream of home ownership for all is a fraud .
Politicians who pimped this dream created an unsustainable mortgage industry whose collapse is only surprising because it did n't happen earlier .
America 's mortgage industry will not recover , nor deserve to recover , unless it is prepared to challenge this politically unpalatable reality .
Why listen to an Australian like me ?
For starters , as our central banker , ...
Java theory and practice
Building a better HashMap
How ConcurrentHashMap offers higher concurrency without compromising thread safety
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Java theory and practice Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Java theory and practice Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
In July 's installment of Java theory and practice ( " Concurrent collections classes " ) , we reviewed scalability bottlenecks and discussed how to achieve higher concurrency and throughput in shared data structures .
Sometimes , the best way to learn is to examine the work of the experts , so this month we 're going to look at the implementation of ConcurrentHashMap from Doug Lea 's util.concurrent package .
A version of ConcurrentHashMap optimized for the new Java Memory Model ( JMM ) , which is being specified by JSR 133 , will be included in the java.util.
concurrent package in JDK 1.5 ; the version in util.
concurrent has been audited for thread - safety under both the old and new memory models .
Optimizing for throughput
ConcurrentHashMap uses several tricks to achieve a high level of concurrency and avoid locking , including using multiple write locks for different hash buckets and exploiting the uncertainties of the JMM to minimize the time that locks are held -- or avoid acquiring locks at all .
It is optimized for the most common usage , which is retrieving a value likely to already exist in the map .
In fact , most successful get ( ) operations will run without any locking at all .
( Warning : do n't try this at home !
Trying to outsmart the JMM is much harder than it looks and is not to be undertaken lightly .
The util.concurrent classes were written by concurrency experts and have been extensively peer - reviewed for JMM safety . )
Multiple write locks
Recall that the major scalability impediment of Hashtable ( or alternatively , Collections.synchronizedMap ) is that it uses a single map - wide lock , which must be held for the entirety of an insertion , removal , or retrieval operation , and sometimes even for the entirety of an iterator traversal .
This prevents other threads from accessing the Map at all while the lock is held , even if idle processors are available , significantly limiting concurrency .
ConcurrentHashMap dispenses with the single map - wide lock , instead using a collection of 32 locks , each of which guards a subset of the hash buckets .
Locks are primarily used by mutative ( put ( ) and remove ( ) ) operations .
Having 32 separate locks means that a maximum of 32 threads can be modifying the map at once .
This does n't necessarily mean that if there are fewer than 32 threads writing to the map currently , that another write operation will not block -- 32 is the theoretical concurrency limit for writers , but may not always be achieved in practice .
Still , 32 is a lot better than one and should be more than adequate for most applications running on the current generation of computer systems .
Map - wide operations
Having 32 separate locks , each guarding a subset of the hash buckets , means that operations that require exclusive access to the map must acquire all 32 locks .
Some map - wide operations , such as size ( ) and isEmpty ( ) may be able to get away without locking the entire map at once ( by suitably qualifying the semantics of these operations ) , but some operations , such as map rehashing ( expanding the number of hash buckets and redistributing elements as the map grows ) must guarantee exclusive access .
The Java language does not provide a simple way to acquire a variable - sized set of locks ; in the infrequent cases where this must be done , it is done by recursion .
A JMM overview
Before we jump into the implementation of put( ) , get ( ) , and remove ( ) , let 's briefly review the JMM , which governs how actions on memory ( reads and writes ) by one thread affect actions on memory by other threads .
Because of the performance benefits of using processor registers and per-processor caches to speed up memory access , the Java Language Specification ( JLS ) permits some memory operations not to be immediately visible to all other threads .
There are two language mechanisms for guaranteeing consistency of memory operations across threads -- synchronized and volatile .
According to the JLS , " In the absence of explicit synchronization , an implementation is free to update the main memory in an order that may be surprising . "
This means that without synchronization , writes that occur in one order in a given thread may appear to occur in a different order to a different thread , and that updates to memory variables may take an unspecified time to propagate from one thread to another .
While the most common reason for using synchronization is to guarantee atomic access to critical sections of code , synchronization actually provides three separate functions -- atomicity , visibility , and ordering .
Atomicity is straightforward enough -- synchronization enforces a reentrant mutex , preventing more than one thread from executing a block of code protected by a given monitor at the same time .
Unfortunately , most texts focus on the atomicity aspects of synchronization to the exclusion of the other aspects .
But synchronization also plays a significant role in the JMM , causing the JVM to execute memory barriers when acquiring and releasing monitors .
When a thread acquires a monitor , it executes a read barrier -- invalidating any variables cached in thread - local memory ( such as an on - processor cache or processor registers ) , which will cause the processor to re-read any variables used in the synchronized block from main memory .
Similarly , upon monitor release , the thread executes a write barrier -- flushing any variables that have been modified back to main memory .
The combination of mutual exclusion and memory barriers means that as long as programs follow the correct synchronization rules ( that is , synchronize whenever writing a variable that may next be read by another thread or when reading a variable that may have been last written by another thread ) , each thread will see the correct value of any shared variables it uses .
Some very strange things can happen if you fail to synchronize when accessing shared variables .
Some changes may be reflected across threads instantly , while others may take some time ( due to the nature of associative caches ) .
As a result , without synchronization you cannot be sure that you have a consistent view of memory ( related variables may not be consistent with each other ) or a current view of memory ( some values may be stale ) .
The common -- and recommended -- way to avoid these hazards is of course to synchronize properly .
However , in some cases , such as in very widely used library classes like ConcurrentHashMap , it may be worth applying some extra expertise and effort in development ( which may well be many times as much effort ) to achieve higher performance .
ConcurrentHashMap implementation
As suggested earlier , the data structure used by ConcurrentHashMap is similar in implementation to that of Hashtable or HashMap , with a resizable array of hash buckets , each consisting of a chain of Map .
Entry elements , as shown in Listing 1 .
Instead of a single collection lock , ConcurrentHashMap uses a fixed pool of locks that form a partition over the collection of buckets .
Listing 1 . Map .
Entry elements used by ConcurrentHashMap
protected static class Entry implements Map .
Entry { protected final Object key ; protected volatile Object value ; protected final int hash ; protected final Entry next ; ... }
Traversing data structures without locking
Unlike Hashtable or a typical lock - pool Map implementation , ConcurrentHashMap.get ( ) operations do not necessarily entail acquiring the lock associated with the relevant bucket .
In the absence of locking , the implementation must be prepared to deal with stale or inconsistent values of any variables it uses , such as the list head pointer and the fields of the Map .
Entry elements ( including the link pointers that comprise the linked list of entries for each hash bucket ) .
Most concurrent classes use synchronization to ensure exclusive access to -- and a consistent view of -- a data structure .
Instead of assuming exclusivity and consistency , the linked list used by ConcurrentHashMap is designed carefully so that the implementation can detect that its view of the list is inconsistent or stale .
If it detects that its view is inconsistent or stale , or simply does not find the entry it is looking for , it then synchronizes on the appropriate bucket lock and searches the chain again .
This optimizes lookup in the common case -- where most retrievals are successful and retrievals outnumber insertions and removals .
Exploiting immutability
One significant source of inconsistency is avoided by making the Entry elements nearly immutable -- all fields are final , except for the value field , which is volatile .
This means that elements cannot be added to or removed from the middle or end of the hash chain -- elements can only be added at the beginning , and removal involves cloning all or part of the chain and updating the list head pointer .
So once you have a reference into a hash chain , while you may not know whether you have a reference to the head of the list , you do know that the rest of the list will not change its structure .
Also , since the value field is volatile , you will be able to see updates to the value field immediately , greatly simplifying the process of writing a Map implementation that can deal with a potentially stale view of memory .
While the new JMM provides initialization safety for final variables , the old JMM does not , which means that it is possible for another thread to see the default value for a final field , rather than the value placed there by the object 's constructor .
The implementation must be prepared to detect this as well , which it does by ensuring that the default value for each field of Entry is not a valid value .
The list is constructed such that if any of the Entry fields appear to have their default value ( zero or null ) , the search will fail , prompting the get ( ) implementation to synchronize and traverse the chain again .
Retrieval operations
Retrieval operations proceed by first finding the head pointer for the desired bucket ( which is done without locking , so it could be stale ) , and traversing the bucket chain without acquiring the lock for that bucket .
If it does n't find the value it is looking for , it synchronizes and tries to find the entry again , as shown in Listing 2 :
Listing 2 . ConcurrentHashMap.get ( ) implementation
public Object get( Object key ) { int hash = hash ( key ) ; // throws null pointer exception if key is null //
Try first without locking ... Entry [ ] tab = table ; int index = hash & ( tab.length - 1 ) ; Entry first = tab [ index ] ; Entry e ; for ( e = first ; e != null ; e = e.next ) { if ( e.hash == hash && eq ( key , e.key ) ) {
Object value = e.value ; // null values means that the element has been removed if ( value != null ) return value ; else break ; } } //
Recheck under synch if key apparently not there or interference Segment seg = segments [ hash & SEGMENT_MASK ] ; synchronized ( seg ) { tab = table ; index = hash & ( tab.length - 1 ) ; Entry new First = tab [ index ] ; if ( e != null || first != new First ) { for ( e = new First ; e != null ; e = e.next ) { if ( e.hash == hash && eq ( key , e.key ) ) return e.value ; } } return null ; } }
Removal operations
Because a thread could see stale values for the link pointers in a hash chain , simply removing an element from the chain would not be sufficient to ensure that other threads will not continue to see the removed value when performing a lookup .
Instead , as Listing 3 illustrates , removal is a two - step process -- first the appropriate Entry object is found and its value field is set to null , and then the portion of the chain from the head to the removed element is cloned and joined to the remainder of the chain following the removed element .
Since the value field is volatile , if another thread is traversing the stale chain looking for the removed element , it will see the null value field immediately , and know to retry the retrieval with synchronization .
Eventually , the initial part of the hash chain ending in the removed element will be garbage collected .
Listing 3 . ConcurrentHashMap.remove( ) implementation
protected Object remove( Object key , Object value ) { /*
Find the entry , then 1 .
Set value field to null , to force get ( ) to retry 2 .
Rebuild the list without this entry .
All entries following removed node can stay in list , but all preceding ones need to be cloned .
Traversals rely on this strategy to ensure that elements will not be repeated during iteration .
*/ int hash = hash ( key ) ; Segment seg = segments [ hash & SEGMENT_MASK ] ; synchronized ( seg ) { Entry [ ] tab = table ; int index = hash & ( tab.length - 1 ) ; Entry first = tab [ index ] ; Entry e = first ; for ( ; ; ) { if ( e == null ) return null ; if ( e.hash == hash && eq ( key , e.key ) ) break ; e = e.next ; } Object oldValue = e.value ; if ( value != null && !value.equals ( oldValue ) ) return null ; e.value = null ; Entry head = e.next ; for ( Entry p = first ; p != e ; p = p.next ) head = new Entry ( p.hash , p.key , p.value , head ) ; tab [ index ] = head ; seg.count --; return oldValue ; } }
Figure 1 illustrates a hash chain before an element is removed :
Figure 1 . Hash chain
Figure 2 illustrates the chain with element 3 removed :
Figure 2 . Removal of an element
Insertion and update operations
The implementation of put( ) is straightforward .
Like remove( ) , put ( ) holds the bucket lock for the duration of its execution , but because get ( ) does n't always need to acquire the lock , this does n't necessarily block readers from executing ( nor does it block other writers from accessing other buckets ) .
First , put ( ) searches the appropriate hash chain for the desired key .
If it is found , then the value field ( which is volatile ) is simply updated .
If it is not found , a new Entry object is created to describe the new mapping and is inserted at the head of the list for that bucket .
Weakly consistent iterators
The semantics of iterators returned by ConcurrentHashMap differ from those of java.util collections ; rather than being fail - fast ( throwing an exception if the underlying collection is modified while an iterator is being used ) , they are instead weakly consistent .
When a user calls keySet ( ) .iterator ( ) to retrieve an iterator for the set of hash keys , the implementation briefly synchronizes to make sure the head pointers for each chain are current .
The next ( ) and has Next ( ) operations are defined in the obvious way , traversing each hash chain and then moving on to the next chain until all the chains have been traversed .
Weakly consistent iterators may or may not reflect insertions made during iteration , but they will definitely reflect updates or removals for keys that have not yet been reached by the iterator , and will not return any value more than once .
The iterators returned by ConcurrentHashMap will not throw ConcurrentModificationException .
Dynamic resizing
As the number of elements in the map grows , the hash chains will grow longer and retrieval time will increase .
At some point , it makes sense to increase the number of buckets and rehash the values .
In classes like Hashtable , this is easy because it is possible to hold an exclusive lock on the entire map .
In ConcurrentHashMap , each time an entry is inserted , if the length of that chain exceeds some threshold , that chain is marked as needing to be resized .
When enough chains vote that resizing is needed , ConcurrentHashMap will use recursion to acquire the lock on each bucket and rehash the elements from each bucket into a new , larger hash table .
Most of the time , this will occur automatically and transparently to the caller .
No locking ?
To say that successful get ( ) operations proceed without locking is a bit of an overstatement , as the value field of Entry is volatile , and this is used to detect updates and removals .
At the machine level , volatile and synchronization often end up getting translated into the same cache coherency primitives , so there effectively is some locking going on here , albeit at a finer granularity and without the scheduling or JVM overhead of acquiring and releasing monitors .
But , semantics aside , the concurrency achieved by ConcurrentHashMap in many common situations , where retrievals outnumber insertions and removals , is quite impressive .
Conclusion
ConcurrentHashMap is both a very useful class for many concurrent applications and a fine example of a class that understands and exploits the subtle details of the JMM to achieve higher performance .
ConcurrentHashMap is an impressive feat of coding , one that requires a deep understanding of concurrency and the JMM .
Use it , learn from it , enjoy it -- but unless you 're an expert on Java concurrency , you probably should n't try this on your own .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
In the News
Forum
Account creation on the forum has been disabled .
If you would like to have an account ,
please visit the Forum Request page and we will gladly create an account for you .
Here 's a game we can all play at home .
All you need is a an internet connection , the iTunes software and a little imagination ( a puerile one , at that ) .
Go to the search tool in the top right hand corner and start typing in swear words , any that come into your head .
Try " shit " and see what comes up .
I was immediately drawn to the touching Shit On You by D12 featuring Eminem .
But if you look closely you 'll see that the moral guardians at iTunes have decided that the word " shit " should be written as " sh*t " so as not to offend any delicate minds that might read it and think ... well ... what exactly ?
That rappers use naughty words and may or may not indulge in aspects of scatology ?
I was mortified to find that Fuck Her Gently by Tenacious D now reads F**k Her Gently , or that Radio 2 favourites Scissor Sisters now have a song called T**s On The Radio .
So , what 's this mild form of censorship all about ?
The strangest thing about it is that they 're not actually stopping you from listening to the songs , but merely from having your mind scarred by seeing the words in print .
So , F**k The Pain Away by Peaches is OK to listen to but not to read .
Bizarrely , it seems to only relate to song names and album titles but not band names , so the poetic - sounding Anal Cunt and Fucked Up are fine .
There 's also some discrepancy when it comes to matters of sexuality ( sorry , s*xuality ) , as shown by the lack of censorship on Katy Perry 's Ur So Gay but the inclusion of the dreaded asterisks on Lesbians On Ecstasy 's self - titled album L******s On Ecstacy .
Katy Perry - as controversial as she so clearly is - perhaps may feel slightly aggrieved that her new single has fallen foul of this new regime .
That 's right , Hot 'n ' Cold is now H*t 'n ' Cold , a pre-emptive strike , perhaps ?
Also , for those playing along at home , " penis " and " balls " are completely outlawed but " nipple " is OK .
Poor CSS come out particularly badly ; their debut album is barely legible .
Apple have since announced that the sporadic nature of the censorship was down to a glitch in the new system they 're using , a system used to filter out offensive words .
So , they 're still intent on shielding users from words such as " fuck " but hopefully " hot " and " bum " will now be OK .
It 's censorship , but with slightly more common sense .
Censorship is always a contentious issue , especially as it basically boils down to who gets to decide what others should and should n't see .
Are iTunes right to start censoring words in the hope of protecting any young children that may venture onto a computer in search of the new Girls Aloud single ?
Who , by the way , themselves fall foul with their potty - mouthed Long H*t Summer single .
Or is it a case of closing the stable door after the foul - mouthed horse has bolted ?
Plus , as with all censorship , it only draws attention to the fact that a swear word is being used , the written equivalent of the aural " bleep " that blights most rap records .
If you ask me , the iTunes prudes are just taking the p**s .
The Jed report comments on the Salon article about the Alaskan Independence Party , which Todd Palin joined and Sarah Palin supports :
David Talbot reports on what would have been the crowning achievement of Alaskan Independence Party founder Joe Vogler had he not been first killed in a plastic explosives deal gone bad :
Vogler 's greatest moment of glory was to be his 1993 appearance before the United Nations to denounce United States " tyranny " before the entire world and to demand Alaska 's freedom .
The Alaska secessionist had persuaded the government of Iran to sponsor his anti-American harangue .
That 's right … Iran .
The Islamic dictatorship .
The taker of American hostages .
The rogue nation that McCain and Palin have excoriated Obama for suggesting we diplomatically engage .
That Iran .
The following year , Todd and Sarah Palin attended the AIP convention , and Todd Palin joined the party shortly thereafter .
Despite a protest from some of his neighbors , the man who placed an effigy of Republican vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin hanging from a noose in front of his house is not backing down .
A half dozen neighbors went to the home on North Orange Grove with the Halloween display and held up sheets to try to block its view from passing motorists , said Steve Whitmore , spokesman for the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department .
He emphasized that it was a peaceful and lawful protest .
ChadMichael Morrisette , a professional window display designer who set up the life - size mannequin of Palin in front of his house , said the protesters were mostly concerned that the Palin display cast a bad light on the city ’s gay community .
“ They told us we respect you as artists , we ’re just concerned about the effect on the community , ” Morrisette said .
“ I do n’t resent them .
I ’m not angry at them .
I respect their rights . ”
Morrisette , 28 , said he talked by phone last night with West Hollywood Mayor Jeffrey Prang .
He said Prang told them that he respected his first amendment rights but urged him to take down the display .
“ He said , “ Think of the bigger picture , ’ ” Morrisette said .
“ I told the mayor I will have it down by 8 a.m. Saturday .
He said , ‘ Thank you , the sooner the better . "
On Wednesday , a city official delivered to Morrisette an inch thick collection of e-mails from people concerning the Palin display .
Morrisette said he was told that City Hall also had to open extra phone lines to take all of the calls it received from around the country .
Morrisette said he set up the Palin effigy three weeks ago .
He said he wanted to insert politics into his Halloween decorating since the holiday comes four days before the presidential election .
-- Victoria Kim , Raja Abdulrahim and Andrew Blankstein
Read more on the case here .
Barack Obama 's campaign is definitely aware of the fact that appealing to gamers is in its best interests .
Besides using ads in video games to encourage players to vote early , the presidential candidate now has an video on YouTube that seems targeted specifically towards gamers .
The ad , posted above , displays a series of images including a couch , a wiimote , and an office cubicle ; each image has the caption " You ca n't make history from here " attached .
Not only that , but the commercial 's music sounds like it 's straight out of an old NES game .
The point of the video is to encourage people to take Election Day off and help campaign for the Democratic Party .
Appealing to gamers is a relatively new tactic in the world of politics , where candidates have typically made a point of demonizing video games .
If this tactic pans out , one can only imagine how gamer culture will be used in the political ads of the future .
( CNN ) -- Federal prosecutors charged two men with plotting a " killing spree " against African - Americans that would have been capped with an attempt to kill Sen.
Barack Obama while they wore white tuxedos , federal officials said Monday .
Paul Schlesselman , left , and Daniel Cowart said they planned to kill more than 100 African - Americans .
The U.S. attorney 's office in Jackson , Tennessee , said Daniel Cowart , 20 , and Paul Schlesselman , 18 , were self - described white supremacists who met online through a mutual friend .
Both men have been charged with illegal possession of a sawed - off shotgun , conspiracy to rob a federally licensed gun dealer and making threats against a presidential candidate .
The men planned to kill more than 100 African - Americans , including 14 who would be beheaded , according to the affidavit .
But federal law enforcement sources said there was no evidence Cowart , of Bells , Tennessee , and Schlesselman , of West Helena , Arkansas , had any details of Obama 's schedule .
" We take this very , very seriously but we see no evidence these guys have the ability or the wherewithal to pull off what they say they wanted to do , " one law enforcement source said .
According to an affidavit from the federal agent who questioned them , Cowart and Schlesselman planned to charge at Obama with a car , firing from the windows as they went .
They would be dressed in white tuxedos and top hats during the attempt , the affidavit states .
Cowart and Schlesselman were arrested outside Jackson , about 75 miles east of Memphis , Tennessee , after an aborted robbery attempt last week , according to court records .
Though they told investigators they would be willing to die in their mission , the men backed out of their October 21 attempt to rob the gun dealer after spotting two cars and a dog at the home , the affidavit states .
The men also shot out the window of a church on their way back to Cowart 's grandfather 's home , where they were arrested the next day .
Cowart and Schlesselman made their initial appearances before a federal judge Monday and are scheduled for a bond hearing Thursday in Memphis .
Obama , an Illinois Democrat , is the first African - American nominee to lead a major - party ticket and was placed under Secret Service protection in May 2007 , far earlier than other candidates .
Eric Zahren , a spokesman for the Secret Service , said it was unclear whether the suspects would have had the capability or means to carry out any sort of plot .
But he said the matter was being taken seriously , and a joint investigation was under way .
There was no indication either had attended any Obama event or had drawn Secret Service attention in the past , Zahren said .
Campaign spokeswoman Linda Douglass said , " We never comment on security matters . "
Threats against Obama have led to arrests in two previous cases .
In one , federal prosecutors concluded that the three people arrested with drugs and weapons in a suburban Denver motel posed a " true threat " to the candidate .
In the second , a Florida man was charged with threatening bodily harm against the candidate in August .
He has pleaded not guilty .
CNN Chief National Correspondent John King contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama
One of the most hotly pursued areas of green energy technology is the search for an economical and practical method of splitting water into oxygen and hydrogen .
The main target product , hydrogen , is a clean and energy - rich fuel that could substitute for fossil fuels in many contexts .
Water is an obvious source of hydrogen , and it may be possible to produce hydrogen using light energy in a renewable and sustainable fashion .
In today 's issue of Nature Materials , a team of German , Chinese , and Japanese scientists , led by Xinchen Wang , got one step closer to a fully sustainable method for splitting water .
There is a huge volume of scientific publications on the topic , and it almost seems as if there are endless ways to accomplish the task of splitting water .
While quite a few research groups have reported successes , most of them require harsh chemical conditions , expensive metals , and other impracticalities that make commercialization a headache .
Wang and his colleagues note that just about everyone 's proposed methods require some sort of precious metal — even nature employs metal - based complexes to photocatalyze the decomposition of water .
Polymeric carbon nitride .
Removing the need for precious metals could help keep hydrogen production economical and more environmentally friendly .
Previous attempts at creating metal - free systems resulted in modest performance from synthetic polymer semiconductors that only worked with ultraviolet light .
Wang 's group synthesized carbon nitride polymers that operate using visible light .
Carbon nitrides are some of the oldest known synthetic polymers , as they date back to 1834 .
They are inexpensive to make and are quite stable in water .
These polymers can be manipulated into various shapes and modified in ways that give them different properties .
By adjusting the way the polymers are formed , Wang 's research group fine - tuned the electronic and optical properties so that they absorbed light in the visible range , gaining enough energy to catalyze the energetically unfavorable reaction of splitting water .
The carbon nitride polymers can operate for days without noticeable degradation .
Under optimal conditions , 7.6 µmol of the polymer units can generate 4 µmol of H 2 every hour .
Although this is an important and significant step forward , there are two main points of concern that must be addressed through further engineering .
First , the metal - free method does n't provide a perfect catalytic cycle , so the authors had to use an electron donor , such as triethanolamine ( ethanol , methanol , and EDTA would also work ) , to complete the reaction .
The carbon nitride polymers lack active sites capable of generating O 2 , but thermodynamic calculations show that O 2 evolution should be possible .
Thus , some sort of chemical modification will be necessary to improve the catalytic sites so that they handle oxygen and do n't need to use outside help to complete a reaction cycle .
The second issue is that the polymer batches vary greatly in performance .
Wang 's team observed reaction rates between 0.1 µmol to 4 µmol of H 2 generation per hour , depending on the batch .
They need to have better control over the reaction conditions in order to have consistent catalytic surfaces .
They have already started to work on overcoming these two deficiencies .
Even if polymeric carbon nitride does n't end up being commercialized , Wang and his colleagues have opened up a new pathway in the search for ways of producing hydrogen from water .
They have achieved the difficult task of generating H 2 using visible light with cheap materials and without the use of any metals .
Nature Materials , 2008 .
DOI : 10.1038 / NMAT2317
In today 's fast - paced world , multitasking has become an increasingly necessary part of our daily routine .
Unfortunately , multitasking also is notoriously inefficient .
However , a new brain imaging study led by a cognitive neuroscientist at the University of New Hampshire finds that there are optimal times when we are better suited to multitask .
In the study " Neural predictors of moment - to - moment fluctuations in cognitive flexibility " published in the latest issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Andrew Leber , assistant professor of psychology at UNH , explains how the brain can act as crystal ball to predict when people are efficient multitaskers .
" We typically sacrifice efficiency when we multitask .
However , there are times when we 're quite good at it .
Unfortunately , not much has been known about how to predict when these periods of time will occur , " Leber said .
While having the study participants multitask , Leber and his colleagues at Yale University monitored their brain activity using functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) .
The research confirmed that multitasking is , on average , inefficient .
However , the brain scans allowed the researchers to predict when people would be poor multitaskers and optimal multitaskers .
Most dramatically , the changes in performance were preceded by changes in the participants ' brain activity patterns .
Higher levels of activity in brain regions such as the basal ganglia , anterior cingulate cortex , prefrontal cortex , and parietal cortex corresponded to better multitasking performance .
" What is so striking about this result is that brain activity predicted multitasking performance before participants even knew whether they would be asked to switch or repeat tasks , " Leber said .
Being able to predict when people are in optimal multitasking states raises tantalizing prospects for maximizing productivity in our daily lives , according to Leber .
Ideally , we should reserve task juggling for known periods of optimal multitasking while doing repetitive tasks during known periods of poor multitasking .
Yet , while the brain imaging results reflect a critical step in helping us to better schedule our daily routine , they do n't provide a truly practical solution quite yet .
" Obviously , the average person can't bring an fMRI scanner to work , " Leber said .
" It may take more time before our research translates to real - world benefits for each of us . "
Nevertheless , he believes that the current study represents a promising start .
" The fact that we are able to so rapidly switch from one task to another is no accident of nature , as it reflects an enhanced capacity to flexibly interact with our environment .
And , it 's to our benefit to exercise this remarkable skill from time to time , although the key might be to keep it in moderation , " he said .
The research also may inform scientists ' understanding of neurological disorders , such as Parkinson 's disease , which is marked by degeneration of the basal ganglia .
While it is commonly known that Parkinson 's patients experience deficits in controlling movement , multitasking also is adversely affected .
" We 've known that multitasking suffers when the physical makeup of the basal ganglia degenerates over time , as in Parkinson 's disease , " Leber said .
" However , the current study shows that even in healthy adults , short - term changes in the basal ganglia also impact multitasking . "
This observation opens new potential avenues in studying normal brain functioning to help provide a more complete picture of the disordered functioning in Parkinson 's disease .
Source : University of New Hampshire
You have notifications blocked
You have notifications blocked .
Unblock .
Allyson Felix's Cabo Getaway ... Dive Into The Tropical Takes !
Trump Pushes Back On Tax Return , Biden Calls Him ' Worst President '
Stars Puzzled In Place ... See Who 's Picking Up The Pieces !
Shot Down ' Ultimate Fighter ' Season with Conor
Khabib Nurmagomedov Shot Down ' Ultimate Fighter ' Season with Conor ... Manager Says
Throw on These Bad Boys !!!
Walk and Mop at the same time ...
Smokin' Hot GF In Tears Over Cup Win
Lightning 's Mikhail Sergachev Smokin' Hot GF In Tears Over Cup Win ... ' My Champion '
Bans First Responders from Taking Death Pics
Gov. Gavin Newsom Signs New Kobe Bryant Law Bans First Responders from Taking Death Pics
' Worst Pain in My Life !!!'
My Hand Injury Takes the Cake ...
' Cake Boss ' Star Buddy Valastro My Hand Injury Takes the Cake ... ' Worst Pain in My Life !!!'
Shoots Through His Windshield
Florida Man Shoots Through His Windshield In Road Rage / Self Defense
NY Islanders Ex -Draft Pick Rewarded By Hockey Gods ... Over Honest Penalty Call
... Lil' Mahomie
On the Way !
Patrick Mahomes & Brittany We 're Preggo !!! ... Lil' Mahomie
On the Way !
... As Bulls New Coach
' Not Impressed ' With Donovan
Scottie Pippen ' Not Impressed ' With Donovan ... As Bulls New Coach
Donald Trump I Pay Millions
In Taxes ... Biden Calls Him ' Worst President '
Presidential Debate Biden Clowns Trump in Heated Exchanges ...
Prez Feuds with Moderator
' I Am Woman ' Singer Dead at 78
Helen Reddy ' I Am Woman ' Singer Dead at 78
' Stand Back and Stand By ' ...
President Trump To Proud Boys ' Stand Back and Stand By ' ... Ominous Much ?!?
Old news is old news !
Be First !
Get TMZ breaking news sent right to your browser !
by George Dienhart
One of these have been published every two years , like clockwork .
Every election cycle , someone in the mainstream media publishes a obituary for the GOP .
Much to liberals consternation , the GOP still exists .
The latest piece was published in Slate .
What insight !
Well , not really - it is a bold move to write this column for the 15th or so time .
I 'm sure the author ( Timothy Noah ) assured his editor that " things are different now " .
Noah contends that the failed bailout plan " caused an immediate financial catastrophe :
The stock market fell an unprecedented 777.68 points "
He goes on stating that " $ 1.2 trillion in wealth " was wiped out .
Only problem is that the Dow regained 61 % of it 's loses , the next day .
After this " disaster " of a week , the Dow was only down about 300 points .
Not a good week , but hardly a collapse .
A 300 point drop in the Dow , will not kill the GOP ...
No matter how Mr. Noah spins it .
Noah 's wishful thinking went past the markets .
His " evidence " included the greatest secret , and worse sin , of all - Republicans like smaller government .
He also went on to describe the " central con of the political coalition assembled by Ronald Reagan " .
Con ?
Not by the GOP , but Noah perpetuated a con of his own when he stated " the distribution of this government largesse greatly favored the rich . "
Here is the real great con .
Noah states that " when tax breaks were added to the tally , households with incomes above $ 100,000 received considerably more ( $ 9,280 ) than households with incomes below $ 10,000 ( $ 5,690 ) " Notice that first part of the sentence - when tax breaks were added to the tally ?
Mr. Noah is carefully perpetuating another liberal myth here - that your money is the governments .
Noah has taken two sets of numbers and melded them together to make his otherwise incoherent point .
He is comparing the cost of government services to the benefit of tax breaks .
He has included welfare and social security as costs .
Remember - though capped , someone that makes 80 k a year pays more Social Security than someone making 20 k a year .
There is going to be a minor disparity in his number just because those on the high end of his figures ( 100 k + ) are paying more in Social Security .
When you add in the tax breaks the chasm seemingly grows larger .
The problem with this is , a tax break is not a government service .
For this reason , Noah 's numbers are completely wrong .
He 's comparing apples to oranges ...
He continues to spread DNC propaganda by saying of the Bush era tax cuts " That the tax cuts favored the wealthy did n't seem to matter " .
Again , a lie .
In truth the tax cuts helped everyone .
Before the Bush tax cuts , the bottom rung of the taxpayer ladder paid .5 % of the total taxes taken in by the federal government .
After the Bush tax cuts , they paid .3 % In fact , according to taxfoundation.org , the share of tax liability that was paid by the top 6 % of earners , actually went up .
The graph below ( from taxpayers.org ) clearly explains the benefits of the Bush era tax cuts .
As you can see- the share of tax liability for those making over 131k went up under Bush .
Every other group was paying less .
This was hardly a tax cut for the rich ...
Noah goes on , spewing more and more inaccuracies .
He states that the defeat of the first bailout bill was " a dose of free - market principles that sent the Dow into the crapper . " gain - a 200 point net for the week is not " the crapper " .
I would argue that once Wall Street woke up and realized it 's capitalist heart was still beating , the Dow gained almost 500 points - because the bailout bill failed .
In the end , Mr. Noah admits to authoring 3 columns pronouncing the Republicans dead .
After analyzing his most recent , it 's not hard to see why he is so consistently wrong ...
It ain't half snuggly , Mum !
The ground - breaking pictures of animals capturing life in the womb
As this little fellow 's countryman Rolf Harris might say , ' Can you see what it is yet ? '
No ?
Well , that 's not surprising .
How many times have you seen a baby kangaroo ( joey ) photographed this early in his mother 's pouch ?
He 's still at the embryonic stage , and about the size of a jellybean , but has been captured on camera for a remarkable documentary called Extraordinary Animals In The Womb .
A baby kangaroo in its mother 's pouch , where it will stay for six months before it hops into the world
But the cameras for this joint National Geographic Channel and Channel 4 series - from the same people who brought us last year 's unforgettable images of baby elephants seemingly dancing in the womb - have traced his incredible journey , from conception to birth , using revolutionary film - making processes .
Ground - breaking photographic techniques , plus state - of - the - art graphics , 4 - D scanning techniques and the most sophisticated natural history models ever , have all been used to provide an unparalleled glimpse into a world that few of us would ever expect to see .
For the first time ever , we can follow the embryonic journey of four different animals : our kangaroo , the lemon shark , the Emperor penguin , and the parasitic wasp .
And one of the most jaw - dropping sequences is a glimpse of the joey just before he is born - a mass of kicking legs and punching arms , raring to go .
An Emperor penguin chick embryo inside its egg after about one week 's gestation
It is a staggeringly ambitious project , and one that has taken several years to make .
As Jeremy Dear , head of development at Pioneer Productions , puts it , ' Illustrating what goes on inside a living creature involves the very latest digital technology and innovative filming , combined with anatomically accurate models , to create the impression of really being in the womb . '
It 's fair to say that , apart from little joey , the series is a much less cuddly piece of TV than its predecessor , but , if anything , it 's more gripping .
And it 's not one for the faint - hearted either , as it turns on its head whatever assumptions you might have about life in utero being akin to a nice calming waft around a flotation tank .
' One of the most exciting journeys in the series that we look at is that of the lemon shark , ' explains the show 's producer Peter Chinn .
' We see that this animal 's embryos are cannibalistic - they eat their own siblings in order to survive .
What goes on inside that particular womb is astonishingly brutal . '
With a mixture of high definition ( HD ) scanning and intricate modelmaking , the fight is recreated for the cameras .
' We 've kept it as accurate as possible , and it is really gruesome in places .
It happens just as their teeth have begun to form .
The embryo is blind , but can sense that it has rivals in the womb , so starts eating its brothers and sisters . '
So not one for teatime viewing then .
Fledgling life is n't a barrel of laughs for the cute penguin chicks either .
They must battle the coldest weather on the planet , where it really is a case of only the strongest surviving .
And as for the parasitic wasp , Peter explains that its larvae must first hijack and exploit the body of another creature , such as a caterpillar .
' By using incredibly detailed scans , we were able to see what was actually going on , and the torment this caterpillar was subjected to .
It gives some sense of what remarkable fights for life go on . '
After about five weeks in the womb , this lemon shark embyo has started growing gills
Peter and his team travelled across three continents to obtain the footage involved , and were lucky enough to witness the birth - within a one - hour time frame - of an incredible 14 shark pups .
' It 's hard enough to film sharks , never mind trying to capture them mating or giving birth , but we spent five days in a boat in the Bahamas , hoping to find pregnant sharks . '
So how does one spot a pregnant shark ?
' There is a specific time of year that pregnant sharks gather , and the local experts we working with knew roughly where to find them , ' says Peter .
' But , as is so often the case , it is largely down to patience - and luck . '
Once they had identified their mummy - to - be , the divers were dispatched with special HD cameras , the size of a hand .
' Shark births had been filmed before , but not with the quality of these images .
That 's the remarkable thing about working in this field - the technology is improving all the time , so the boundaries are always being pushed back . '
In terms of scanning the pregnant animals , medical advances have now made this much more straightforward .
' There was a lot of collaboration with the medical world .
We used a special medical endoscope with an integrated camera .
This gave us much better access , so that we could film inside such places as a kangaroo pouch . '
But there is only so far that cameras can go .
' You ca n't just stick a camera into an animal 's womb because you 'd end up killing the embryo , ' says Peter .
This baby kitten is just a week away from being born
A Chihuahua foetus in the womb during the final week of pregnancy
Where the photographic and scanning efforts ended , computer imagery took over .
A team of model - makers was enlisted to recreate the embryos at various stages .
' These guys had an incredibly difficult job to do , ' says Peter .
' Their background is in creating gremlins and the like for movies , but for us they had to produce incredibly accurate representations of embryonic animals .
' Every tiny detail had to be perfect , and everything was checked and double - checked with a team of experts and against scan images .
With the shark , for instance , every gill had to be in exactly the right position .
It was quite a tortuous procedure . '
Not least when it came to the Emperor penguin .
It is virtually impossible to examine the eggs up close in order to make models of them , because they are protected by law .
' We worked with old samples belonging to the Natural History Museum , which dated from about 1910 . '
The end result , however , is a programme so slick that you genuinely cannot tell where the real footage ends and computer - generated images begin .
' There is no intention to deceive , and we are clear about just how far our cameras can go , ' says Peter .
' But the picture we 've been able to build up goes further than my wildest dreams . '
Those viewers who like their baby animals to look like cute little furballs will be relieved to know that other episodes in the series offer a more conventional peek inside animal wombs .
A cocooned parasitic wasp larva beginning to morph into adult form
One looks at cats , offering glimpses of the foetal development of the domestic cat , and also that of the lion , with 4 - D ultrasound technology showing our feline friends stretching in the womb , while infra-red cameras capture a lion cub being born .
And dogs , too - from the grey wolf to the miniature Chihuahua ; the cameras even capture the tiny unborns panting .
By happy coincidence , Peter 's wife became pregnant during the series ' production process .
Did his professional expertise help his wife much ?
' I kept coming up with useful facts about what would be happening to a kangaroo foetus at the particular stage that our baby was also at .
I 'm not entirely sure she found that helpful .
Actually , I think she got a bit annoyed .
She 'd say , " Would you stop with the stories about cannibalistic sharks .
It is n't helping . " '
Watching his own little boy 's limbs flailing around on the ultrasound screen provided , perhaps , the most powerful reminder possible of how diverse the journey to life really is .
' I was struck by how calm the human process is in comparison , ' admits Peter .
' It really makes you appreciate what a straightforward ride evolution has given us human beings .
We have it pretty easy , really , all things considered . '
Extraordinary Animals In The Womb is on Channel 4 on 20 October at 9 pm .
One of the minor irritants associated with the recent internet censorship debate has been the continual need to correct basic factual errors promulgated by the Government 's supporters .
In my observation , it 's obvious that the debate has polarised into two camps .
One of them is largely populated bypeople who knowwhat they 're talkingabout and who mostly oppose the ALP 's censorship plan ; and the other is dominated by woolly - headed adherents to the principle that it 'll all be alright if you just close your eyes and wish hard enough .
One of the most common basic factual errors was repeated on these pages on November 4 , when former Victorian Family First candidate and Australian Family Association researcher Anh Nguyen magically transmuted into a network security expert by suggesting that " ISP level filters are being trialled due to the difficulty of securing PC - based filtering solutions . "
While I 'm sure the writer has a deep understanding of the needs of his cause , he clearly does n't have a grasp of the technology he 's talking about .
To put it simply :
There is no security difference inherent in taking filtering from the PC and moving it to the ISP .
In either case the systems work in the same manner and the same bypass methods are available .
And yet , as the recent ACMA - commissioned report showed conclusively , the ISP version will slow subscribers down and reduce the ability of parents to adjust their filtering preferences to suit their own parental judgement about what is best for their children .
How is that better than PC - level filtering ?
And can we agree , for the purpose of future discussion , that everyone will be able to bypass it at will no matter what proponents come up with , and that anyone who suggests otherwise must immediately stop being taken seriously ?
It 's perhaps not surprising that a family expert who misunderstands technology could get something this basic wrong , because the Minister in charge has blazed a trail of such colossal blinding wrongness that it 's probably difficult for listeners to distinguish truth from fiction .
I 'm not talking about normal , everyday wrongness .
I 'm talking about the kind of wrongness that comes with its own theme music and marching band .
For example , on page ECA 76 of Senate Hansard on October 20 , 2008 , the Minister , a man who is paid a lot of money to know what he 's talking about , emitted this stand - up howler in reference to other countries that have already implemented his proposed Australian system :
Senator Conroy --
Just to indicate the countries that have implemented along the lines that Abul [ Rivni , deputy secretary , Department of Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy ] is talking about include Sweden , the UK , Canada and New Zealand .
This is not some one - off excursion .
In actual fact , none of the countries Senator Conroy cited have anything like what he 's proposing for Australia .
With the exception of New Zealand , which does n't filter and has no plans to introduce it , all of the other nations he 's ever cited as examples to emulate offer voluntary , non-government , industry - sponsored , opt - in schemes very much like the one which the Internet Industry Association has already created in Australia .
Indeed , the only countries which feature government - imposed internet censorship are nations which place more emphasis on opinion suppression than internet access , such as China , Saudi Arabia and Iran .
I know the Minister does n't like those comparisons , but if the shoe fits ...
As the Minister 's marching band plays , the chorus repeats , and he inserts his factually challenged international comparisons into virtually every press statement on the subject , so much so that it 's clear that he lacks even the most basic grasp of his own policy .
This is n't a unique event for the Minister either .
On the same page of Hansard he also misleadingly implied that the ACMA blacklist , intended by the previous government to reference material unsuitable for children , is actually a list of illegal material .
Senator Conroy , have n't you read your department 's own legislation ?
Do n't you have a duty to know what you 're talking about ?
To supporters of the Government 's proposals , I have to ask :
Do you honestly believe that Australian parents are so uniquely incompetent that we , unlike literally every other Western democracy on the planet , need to go down the ALP 's proposed path to protect our own children ?
After spending 30 years proving that our nation can successfully raise children in an environment of ubiquitous access to uncensored online services , are you able to explain how profoundly Australian parents must have failed to justify this radical proposal ?
And , while I 'm asking questions , let me conclude with one more :
When we 're talking about this , can we acknowledge that although opinions can vary , the facts are inviolate .
Is it too much to ask for you to get them right ?
Mark Newton has spent almost 10 years serving as a boots - on - the - ground network engineer for Internode , one of Australia 's largest ISPs .
He has been an active participant in the online censorship debate since before most of its present day protagonists knew the internet existed .
His opinions are his own , and not necessarily shared by his employer .
As I explore the constantly evolving world of web application development , my experiences and discoveries will be tracked here .
This blog will mostly focus on things that I could not find anywhere else , found particularly interesting , or bothered me enough to warrant posting .
DHAKA ( Reuters ) - United Nations Secretary - General Ban Ki-Moon urged developed countries not to neglect climate change as they tend to a global economic slowdown and called on rich nations to help poor countries prone to global warming .
" The leaders of the developed countries should not neglect the issue of global warming , " he told a news conference at the end of his two - day visit to Bangladesh on Sunday .
" A one - meter rise in sea levels would displace 30 million Bangladeshis and deal a catastrophic blow to economic growth and development , " Ban said .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Experts say climate change will hit Bangladesh 's nearly 150 million people from all sides over the next 50 years with sea levels rising in the south , droughts in the north , river erosion as glaciers melt and disease risk growing with greater humidity .
Ban said Bangladesh had been at the forefront of disaster prevention , and was a good example of how a vulnerable developing country can strengthen its resilience against catastrophic events such as super cyclone Sidr .
Cyclone Sidr ravaged southern Bangladesh killing some 3,500 people and displacing some two million on November 15 last year , following twin floods that killed some 1,500 people and damaged about 2 million tonnes of food .
Aid organization Oxfam said urgent help and a comprehensive climate deal were crucial to Bangladesh where production of staple foods is forecast to drop steeply by 2050 due to accelerated melting of Himalayan glaciers from global warming .
Ban also visited a disaster management project run by the U.N. and the Bangladesh government , at a river island near Sirajganj district 150 km ( 94 miles ) northwest of the capital Dhaka , on Sunday .
Referring to the upcoming December 18 election , he said , " The opposition must engage constructively with the new government to consolidate the reform begun by the current caretaker government -- particularly those dedicated to fighting corruption . "
Ban arrived in Dhaka on Saturday to assess preparations for the election under the guidance of the army - backed interim government .
" ... the U.N. will dispatch a small team of highly capable and prominent individuals who will visit in the coming weeks to assess the conduct of the election and report to me , " Ban said .
By Mark Kinver
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Once a familiar sight and sound , the nightingale is becoming less common ( Image : Gareth Peacock )
Enlarge Image
The populations of the world 's common birds are declining as a result of continued habitat loss , a global assessment has warned .
The survey by BirdLife International found that 45 % of Europe 's common birds had seen numbers fall , as had more than 80 % of Australia 's wading species .
The study 's authors said governments were failing to fund their promises to halt biodiversity loss by 2010 .
The findings will be presented at the group 's World Conference in Argentina .
The State of the World 's Birds 2008 report , the first update since 2004 , found that common species - ones considered to be familiar in people 's everyday lives - were declining in all parts of the world .
In Europe , an analysis of 124 species over a 26 - year period revealed that 56 species had declined in 20 countries .
Farmland birds were worst affected , with the number of European turtle - doves ( Streptopelia turtur ) falling by 79 % .
In Africa , birds of prey were experiencing " widespread decline " outside of protected areas .
While in Asia , 62 % of the continent 's migratory water bird species were " declining or already extinct " .
Biodiversity barometers " For decades , people have been focusing their efforts on threatened birds , " explained lead editor Ali Stattersfield , BirdLife International 's head of science .
Silent spring : Cuckoo numbers are falling ( Image : John Carey )
We need to be looking at some of the policies and practices that affect our wider landscapes
Ali Stattersfield ,
BirdLife International
" But alongside this , we have been working to try to get a better understanding of what is going on in the countryside as a whole . "
By consolidating data from various surveys , the team of researchers were able to identify trends affecting species around the world .
" It tells us that environmental degradation is having a huge impact - not just for birds , but for biodiversity as well , " she told BBC News .
While well - known reasons , such as land - use changes and the intensive farming , were causes , Ms Stattersfield said that it was difficult to point the finger of blame at just one activity .
" The reasons are very complex , " she explained .
" For example , there have been reported declines of migratory species - particularly those on long - distance migrations between Europe and Africa .
" It is not just about understanding what is happening at breeding grounds , but also what is happening at the birds ' wintering sites . "
She said the findings highlighted the need to tackle conservation in a number of different ways .
" It is not enough to be looking at individual species or individual sites ; we need to be looking at some of the policies and practices that affect our wider landscapes . "
A veterinary drug has virtually wiped out Asia 's white - rumped vultures
( Image : Marek Jobda )
Enlarge Image
The global assessment also showed that rare birds were also continuing to be at risk .
One - in - eight of the world 's birds - 1,226 species - was listed as being Threatened .
Of these , 190 faced an imminent risk of extinction .
The white - rumped vulture , a once common sight in India , has seen its population crash by 99.9 % in recent years .
An anti-inflammatory drug for cattle , called diclofenac , has been blamed for poisoning the birds , which eat the carcasses of the dead livestock .
" That has been a really shocking story , " Ms Stattersfield said .
The world is failing in its 2010 pledge to achieve a significant reduction in the current rate of loss of biodiversity
Dr Mike Rand ,
BirdLife International 's CEO
" Four years ago , we were not even sure what was responsible for the dramatic declines .
It happened so suddenly , people were not prepared for it .
" Since then , the basis for the decline is well understood and measures are being taken to remove diclofenac from veterinary use in India .
" However , it is still available for sale and there still needs to be a lot more work to communicate the problem at a local level .
" But it demonstrates that we can get to the bottom of the reasons behind declines . "
The plight of albatrosses becoming entangled in long - line fishing tackle has also been the subject of sustained campaigning , attracting high - profile supporters such as Prince Charles and yachtswoman Dame Ellen MacArthur .
About 100,000 of the slow - breeding birds are estimated to drown each year as a result of being caught on the lines ' fish hooks .
Future on the line - the Chatham albatross ( Image : Alan Tate )
Enlarge Image
But fisheries in a growing number of regions are now introducing measures to minimise the risk to albatrosses .
Ms Stattersfield said these examples showed that concerted effort could investigate and identify what was adversely affecting bird populations .
But she quickly added that prevention was always better than finding a cure .
" We do n't want to have to react to problems that come about from bad practice .
" What we are trying to do with this report is to be as clear as possible about what are the underlying causes , and then present a range of conservation measures that can preserve birds and biodiversity . "
BirdLife International will use the report , which is being published at its week - long World Conference in Buenos Aires and on the group 's website , to call for governments to make more funds available for global conservation .
" Effective biodiversity conservation is easily affordable , requiring relatively trivial sums at the scale of the global economy , " said Dr Mike Rands , BirdLife 's chief executive .
He estimated that safeguarding 90 % of Africa 's biodiversity would cost less than US $ 1bn ( £ 500 m ) a year .
" The world is failing in its 2010 pledge to achieve a significant reduction in the current rate of loss of biodiversity , " he warned .
" The challenge is to harness international biodiversity commitments and that concrete actions are taken now . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Example 1 : Summing numbers
[ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] . inject ( 0 ) { | result , element | result + element }
[ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ] .
inject { | result , element | result + element }
Example 2 : Building a Hash
hash = [ [ : first_name , ' Shane ' ] , [ : last_name , ' Harvie ' ] ] . inject ( {} ) do | result , element |
result [ element .
first ] = element .
last
result
end
hash
Hash [ * [ [ : first_name , ' Shane ' ] , [ : last_name , ' Harvie ' ] ] . flatten ]
hash = [ [ : first_name , ' Shane ' ] , [ : last_name , ' Harvie ' ] ] . inject ( {} ) do | result , element |
result [ element .
first .
to_s ] = element .
last .
downcase
result
end
hash
Example 3 : Building an Array
[ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ] .
select { | element | element % 2 == 0 } . collect { | element | element .
to_s }
array = [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 ] . inject ( [ ] ) do | result , element |
result << element .
to_s if element % 2 == 0
result
end
array
TestResult = Struct . new ( : status , : message )
results = [
TestResult . new ( : failed , " 1 expected but was 2 " ) ,
TestResult . new ( : sucess ) ,
TestResult . new ( : failed , " 10 expected but was 20 " )
]
messages = results .
select { | test_result | test_result .
status == : failed } . collect { | test_result | test_result .
message }
messages
TestResult = Struct . new ( : status , : message )
results = [
TestResult . new ( : failed , " 1 expected but was 2 " ) ,
TestResult . new ( : sucess ) ,
TestResult . new ( : failed , " 10 expected but was 20 " )
]
messages = results .
inject ( [ ] ) do | messages , test_result |
messages << test_result .
message if test_result .
status == : failed
messages
end
messages
Example 4 : Building a Hash ( again )
TestResult = Struct . new ( : status , : message )
results = [
TestResult . new ( : failed , " 1 expected but was 2 " ) ,
TestResult . new ( : sucess ) ,
TestResult . new ( : failed , " 10 expected but was 20 " )
]
grouped_results = results .
inject ( {} ) do | grouped , test_result |
grouped [ test_result .
status ] = [ ] if grouped [ test_result .
status ] . nil ?
grouped [ test_result .
status ] << test_result
grouped
end
grouped_results
Example 5 : Building a unknown result
class Recorder
instance_methods .
each do | meth |
undef_method meth unless meth =~ / ^ ( __|inspect|to_str ) /
end
def method_missing ( sym , * args )
messages << [ sym , args ]
self
end
def messages
@ messages ||= [ ]
end
end
Recorder .
new . will .
record .
anything .
you .
want
class Recorder
def play_for ( obj )
messages .
inject ( obj ) do | result , message |
result .
send message .
first , * message .
last
end
end
end
recorder = Recorder .
new
recorder .
methods .
sort
recorder .
play_for ( String )
Conclusion
I love inject .
To be more specific , I love Enumerable #inject .
I find it easy to read and easy to use .
It 's powerful and it lets me be more concise .
Enumerable #inject is a good thing .
Of course , I did n't always love it .
When I was new to Ruby I did n't understand what it was , so I found it hard to follow .
However , finding it hard to understand did n't make me run from it , instead I wanted to know what all the hype was about .
Enumerable #inject is an often used method by many great Rubyists , and I wanted to know what I was missing .
So , to learn about Enumerable # inject I did what I always do , I used it every possible way I could think of .
Summing numbers is the most common example for using inject .
You have an array of numbers and you want the sum of those numbers .
If the example is n't straightforward , do n't worry , we 're going to break it down .
The inject method takes an argument and a block .
The block will be executed once for each element contained in the object that inject was called on ( [ 1,2,3,4 ] in our example ) .
The argument passed to inject will be yielded as the first argument to the block , the first time it 's executed .
The second argument yielded to the block will be the first element of the object that we called inject on .
So , the block will be executed 4 times , once for every element of our array ( [ 1,2,3,4 ] ) .
The first time the block executes the result argument will have a value of 0 ( the value we passed as an argument to inject ) and the element argument will have a value of 1 ( the first element in our array ) .
You can do anything you want within the block , but the return value of the block is very important .
The return value of the block will be yielded as the result argument the next time the block is executed .
In our example we add the result , 0 , to the element , 1 .
Therefore , the return value of the block will be 0 + 1 , or 1 .
This will result in 1 being yielded as the result argument the second time the block is executed .
The second time the block is executed the result of the previous block execution , 1 , will be yielded as the result , and the second element of the array will be yielded as the element .
Again the result , 1 , and the element , 2 will be added together , resulting in the return value of the block being 3 .
The third time the block is executed the result of the second block execution , 3 , is yielded as the result argument and the third element of the array , 3 , will be yielded as the element argument .
Again , the result and the element will be added , and the return value of the block for the third execution will be 6 .
The fourth time will be the final time the block is executed since there are only 4 elements in our array .
The result value will be 6 , the result from the third execution of the block , and the element will be 4 , the fourth element of the array .
The block will execute , adding four plus six , and the return value of the block will be 10 .
On the final execution of the block the return value is used as the return value of the inject method ; therefore , as the example shows , the result of executing the code above is 10 .
That 's the very long version of how inject works , but you could actually shortcut one of the block executions by not passing an argument to inject .
As the example shows , the argument to inject is actually optional .
If a default value is not passed in as an argument the first time the block executes the first argument ( result from our example ) will be set to the first element of the enumerable ( 1 from our example ) and the second argument ( element from our example ) will be set to the second element of the enumerable ( 2 from our example ) .
In this case the block will only need to be executed 3 times , since the first execution will yield both the first and the second element .
The first time the block executes it will add the result , 1 , to the element , 2 , and return a value of 3 .
The second time the block executes the result will be 3 and the element will also be 3 .
All additional steps will be the same , and the result will be 10 once again .
Summing numbers with inject is a simple example of taking an array of numbers and building a resulting sum one element at a time .
Sometimes you 'll have data in one format , but you really want it in another .
For example , you may have an array that contains keys and values as pairs , but it 's really just an array of arrays .
In that case , inject is a nice solution for quickly converting your array of arrays into a hash .
As the example shows , I start with an empty hash ( the argument to inject ) and I iterate through each element in the array adding the key and value one at a time to the result .
Also , since the result of the block is the next yielded result , I need to add to the hash , but explicitly return the result on the following line .
Ola Bini and rubikitch both pointed out that you can also create a hash from an array with the following code .
Of course , I can do other things in inject also , such as converting the keys to be strings and changing the names to be lowercase .
This is a central value for inject , it allows me to easily convert an enumerable into an object that is useful for the problem I 'm trying to solve .
Enumerable gives you many methods you need for manipulating arrays .
For example , if want all the integers of an array , that are even , as strings , you can do so chaining various methods from Enumerable .
Chaining methods of Enumerable is a solution that 's very comfortable for many developers , but as the chain gets longer I prefer to use inject .
The inject method allows me to handle everything I need without having to chain multiple independent methods .
The code below achieves the same thing in one method , and is just as readable , to me .
Of course , that example is a bit contrived ; however , a realistic example is when you have an object with two different properties and you want to build an array of one , conditionally based on the other .
A more concrete example is an array of test result objects that know if they 've failed or succeeded and they have a failure message if they 've failed .
For reporting , you want all the failure messages .
You can get this with the built in methods of Enumerable .
But , it 's not obvious what you are doing until you read the entire line .
You could build the array the same way using inject and if you are comfortable with inject it reads slightly cleaner .
I prefer to build what I want using inject instead of chaining methods of Enumerable and effectively building multiple objects on the way to what I need .
Building from the Test Result example you might want to group all results by their status .
The inject method lets you easily do this by starting with an empty hash and defaulting each key value to an empty array , which is then appended to with each element that has the same status .
You might be sensing a theme here .
Usually you know what kind of result you are looking for when you use inject , but it 's also possible to use inject to build an unknown object .
Consider the following Recorder class that saves any messages you send it .
By simply defining the play_for method and using inject you can replay each message on the argument and get back anything depending on how the argument responds to the recorded methods .
How do I know when I want to use inject ?
I like to use inject anytime I am building an object a piece at a time .
In the case of summing , creating a hash , or an array I 'm building a result by applying changes based on the elements of the enumerable .
After I 'm done applying changes for each element , I have the finished object I 'm looking for .
The same is true of the Recorder example , I 'm sending the methods one at a time until I return the result of sending all the methods .
So next time you need to build an object based on elements of an enumerable , consider using inject .
The BrainX Elite Advantage
Like BrainX Legacy - which is used by companies on 7 - continents to teach the core strategies from every major selling method - Elite is an intelligent system that adapts to each learner .
Elite assesses each salesperson to determine what they need to learn , builds a personalized set of instructional items and practice items along with a practice schedule that ensures every salesperson reaches mastery .
The system goes beyond simplistic training to teach the advanced skills that create competition - crushing high - performance selling athletes .
What ’s new in Elite is the intelligent pre call planning system that produces an instant increase in sales performance and the smart course system along with our best practices catalog of course content that together , lower the cost of training and reduce the time to competence .
No other training technology , celebrity trainer , sales training company or selling expert can match the increase in sales your team is guaranteed to experience with BrainX Elite .
SINGAPORE / HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Investment banks already under fire for risky lending practices in Western markets face another barrage of criticism over selling a raft of currency and commodity derivatives that have now turned toxic .
Companies from Chinese power generators to Mexican tortilla makers , some already reeling from the global financial crisis , are being hit a second time by these trades , including complex products that seemed to offer easy money or zero -cost hedges .
Now that many of those deals are coming back to bite them , some companies are lashing out at their bankers .
Such attacks may be unfair , but the reputational damage to an industry already a scapegoat for global woes may not be easy to undo .
At the core of the issue is the companies ’ intent :
Were these firms lured into instruments they thought would effectively protect them against downside risks ?
Or did company executives take a punt on the market by exploiting the gray area between a hedge and a speculative bet , circumventing risk controls ?
Caveat emptor -- buyer beware -- goes only so far , and some experts say this may only be the beginning of a parade of a accusations , and potential lawsuits , as volatile forex markets and a sharp dive in commodities roil corporate trades .
Still , investment bankers point out that many buyers were perfectly aware of what they were getting into .
“ If people were not properly informed of the risks they were taking by a person selling the product , then I think the seller should be responsible , ” said Beijing - based Philip Partnow , a managing director at UBS .
“ If people were properly informed then the buyer made a decision made on appropriate information and the buyer has to be responsible . ”
BIG HITS
When done right , the complex derivatives now coming into the spotlight can be a proper hedge against exposure to a certain market or currency .
When done wrong , they ’re speculative bets that can go terribly and quickly bad when the markets move against them .
In South Korea , nearly 100 smaller firms filed a class action lawsuit this week against over a dozen banks -- including Citi C.N , Standard Chartered 's STAN.L local unit and HSBC HSBA.L , as well as a number of local banks -- seeking to nullify currency deals that threaten to sink them .
The “ knock - in , knock - out ” currency trades they bought allowed them to sell dollars at a fixed rate as long as the won remained in a set range .
But in late September , the won fell as much as 30 percent , forcing them to sell dollars below the market rate .
In a more extreme case , Hong Kong- listed CITIC Pacific 0267 .
HK racked up losses of up to $ 1.9 billion tied to a forex derivative called an " accumulator , " which in simple form allowed the buyer to collect a premium if currency rates remained steady -- " money for nothing , " according to brokerage
CLSA .
But the Australian dollar dove sharply , exposing CITIC to deepening losses .
The company blamed executives and its internal controls , not its bank , but bankers may find it increasingly difficult to sell accumulator products in the near term .
In Mexico , where companies including tortilla maker Gruma GRUMAB .
MXGMK.N are reeling from forex hedging losses as the peso sinks , the central bank has said irresponsible bankers are partly to blame for selling unsuitable instruments .
“ The investment banks , which accepted as a counterpart a company that has nothing to do with the kind of products they were dealing , well , it seems to me there was a lack of professionalism , to put it lightly , ” Mexican Central Bank Governor Guilllermo Ortiz said in a radio interview last month .
Washington Report on Middle East Affairs , September - October 2008 , pages 52 - 53
Israel and Judaism
AIPAC ’s Role in the 2008 Election Coming Under Increasingly Critical Scrutiny
By Allan C. Brownfeld
The role of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) — and of the larger organized American Jewish community — in the 2008 presidential election campaign is coming under increasingly critical scrutiny .
USA TODAY reports that , “ Jewish voters made up about 3 percent of the electorate in 2004 , according to surveys of voters as they left polling places .
But high turnout among Jewish voters in November could make a difference for McCain or Obama in battleground states . ”
“ If it turns out to be a close election , the Jewish vote could make the difference , ” said M.J. Rosenberg , director of policy with the Israel Policy Forum .
Rosenberg notes that Jewish voters could make a difference in Florida , Ohio , Pennsylvania and New Jersey .
At its annual meeting in June , AIPAC , which presents itself as reflecting the views of American Jews , was addressed by a host of political leaders of both parties , including Senators John McCain and Barack Obama .
“ Once a year , the Israel lobby in Washington known as AIPAC holds its annual convention where anyone who is anyone in the political world comes to render fealty , rather than homage , ” wrote Arnaud de Borchgrave , editor - at - large of The Washington Times .
“ It has become a political rite of passage , like a medieval contract for exchanging goods and services ...
Anyone who does n’t pass the litmus test can forget about becoming president of the United States , or senator or even congressman ...
The lobby , reputedly Washington ’s most powerful ( though this is disputed by the National Rifle Association and the AARP ) , ensures that anything Israel wants or needs gets quick action on the Hill .
That covers anything from $ 3 billion a year for the next 10 years for modern weaponry to soft loans for building the $ 2.5 billion physical barrier between Israelis and Palestinians , and under the radar the steady expansion of Jewish settlements in the West Bank . ”
Both Senators McCain and Obama told AIPAC exactly what it wanted to hear .
The latter went so far as to declare that “ Jerusalem will remain the capital of Israel , and it must remain undivided . ”
The reaction to Obama ’s statement was negative throughout the Middle East .
Moreover , it is in opposition to long - standing U.S. policy , which holds that the status of Jerusalem is to be negotiated between Israelis and Palestinians .
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas responded , “ This statement is totally rejected .
We will not accept a Palestinian state without having Jerusalem as the capital . ”
Even some Israeli analysts suggested that Obama had staked out a position beyond that of current leaders .
Within 24 hours , Obama backtracked , saying that the final status of Jerusalem “ is going to be up to the parties to negotiate . ”
“ It would be hard to imagine a more naked exhibition of political power . ”
The AIPAC meeting also featured bellicose anti-Iran statements .
Leading neoconservative Richard Perle urged that Iran be placed on the terrorist hit list .
Senator McCain told the AIPAC audience that , if elected president , he would drastically ramp up financial pressure on Iran ’s rulers by targeting the country ’s gasoline imports and imposing sanctions against its central bank .
Senator Obama presented an equally firm position concerning Iran .
According to The Wall Street Journal , “ AIPAC and other Jewish - American organizations have identified Iran as a threat to Israel ’s existence ... Both Republicans and Democrats view Jewish Americans as key swing voters in the presidential election . ”
Journalist and blogger Philip Weiss , < www.philipweiss.org>, who is writing a book about Jewish issues , attended the AIPAC meeting and reported on it for The American Conservative .
In his article , “ Looking Into The Lobby , ” he writes that Senator Obama ’s speech “ became the annual example the conference provides of a powerful man truckling .
Two years ago , it was Vice President Cheney ’s red-meat speech attacking Palestinians .
Last year , it was Pastor John Hagee ’s scary speech saying that giving the Arabs any part of Jerusalem was the same as giving it to the Taliban .
Obama took a similar line .
He suggested that he would use force to stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons , made no mention of Palestinian human rights , and said that Jerusalem ” ˜must remain undivided , ’ a statement so disastrous to the peace process that his staff rescinded it the next day ...
It would be hard to imagine a more naked exhibition of political power : a convention of 7,000 mostly rich people , with more than half the Congress in attendance , as well as all the major presidential candidates , the prime minister of Israel , the minority leader , the majority leader and the speaker of the House .
Yet there is precious little journalism about the spectacle in full .
The reason seems obvious : the press would have to write openly about a forbidden subject , Jewish influence .
They would have to take on an unpleasant informative task that they have instead left to international relations scholars in their 50s — Stephen Walt and John Mearsheimer , authors of last year ’s book The Israel Lobby . ”
For more than 30 years , Weiss declares , AIPAC has supported Israel ’s policy of expanding into the West Bank and has had a dramatic impact upon U.S. policy : “ In 1975 , when President Ford wanted to reassess Mideast policy over Israeli intransigence , he was cut off at the knees by an AIPAC letter signed by 76 senators .
Then in 1989 , when James Baker went before AIPAC and told them to give up their idea of a Greater Israel including the West Bank , George H.W. Bush received a letter of anger signed by 94 senators .
In both instances , AIPAC was hewing to the Israeli government line and nullifying American policymaking ... They have passed on their full powers of judgment to the Israeli government .
In that sense , the Zionists in that hall might best be compared to Communists in the ” ˜30s and ” ˜40s , who also abandoned their judgment to a far off authority ... ”
In Weiss ’ view , “ The great sadness here is that American Jewry is the most educated , most affluent segment of the public .
Yet on this issue there is little independent thinking .
The obvious question is whether they do n’t have dual loyalty .
As a Jew , I feel uncomfortable using the phrase , given its long history , but the facts are inarguable .
Leon Wieseltier of The New Republic speaks of everything ” ˜we ’ should do to make peace with the Palestinians , then corrects himself to say what Israel should do .
Speaker after speaker says that Israel is in our hearts .
People who emigrate to Israel are applauded , and when the national anthems are played , one cantor sings ” ˜ The Star Spangled Banner , ’ but the ” ˜Hatikvah ’ has two cantors belting it out , with the audience roaring along .
Maybe most revealing , I heard a right - wing Israeli politician sharply criticizing Olmert ’s policy in the West Bank .
Think of the scandal it would cause if American politicians went abroad and criticized the president ’s foreign policy .
It ’s no scandal here because AIPAC is a virtual extension of Israel . ”
More Catholic Than the Pope ?
Ironically , AIPAC , the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations and other Jewish groups often take positions more extreme than those taken by the government of Israel itself .
As The Forward editorialized , “ There ’s something almost comical in the timing of announcements ... that Israel had achieved diplomatic breakthroughs with foes on its northern and southern fronts .
The word came out during the very week that Republicans were mounting their fiercest attacks yet on liberals who favor negotiating with those same enemies .
Once again , Israel ’s self - appointed defenders in this country were out peddling notions of what ’s good for Israel that bear little resemblance to what Israel actually wants .
Liberals , thrown on the defensive , were absurdly forced to pledge , in the name of Israel ’s defense , that they would never do precisely what Israel itself is doing .
Through it all , the main target was the Jewish voter , who is apparently presumed too dumb to know the difference . ”
Often when political candidates address Jewish forums , they assume that the way to appeal to Jewish voters is to take the most extreme possible position on behalf of Israel .
This , of course , is the idea promoted so effectively by AIPAC .
The fact is , however , that most American Jews do not share this perspective at all .
In a survey of American Jewish opinion conducted by the American Jewish Committee , respondents were asked about the issues that will determine their presidential vote this year .
A strong plurality of 42 percent picked either “ economy and jobs ” or “ health care , ” the two domestic choices offered .
By contrast , only 36 percent picked one of the three Middle East - related options , the war in Iraq ( 16 percent ) , “ terrorism and national security ” ( 14 percent ) or “ support for Israel ” ( 6 percent ) .
The notion that Jewish voters are waiting for a stamp of approval from self - proclaimed “ leaders ” of a “ pro-Israel ” seal of approval on particular candidates bears no relationship to reality .
A Variety of Views
Even those Jews who focus on U.S. Middle East policy share a variety of views , hardly those represented by AIPAC .
Recently , a new political action and lobbying group known as JStreet and JStreetPAC has been established to counter the influence of organizations such as AIPAC .
In a full - page ad in the June 23 New York Times , JStreet declared : “ When Israel goes to war , supporters rally .
When Israel negotiates , why the deafening silence ?
A new cease - fire has been brokered between Israel and Hamas .
Israel and Syria are quietly resuming diplomatic contacts .
Israel is offering talks with Lebanon , and Israeli and Palestinian leaders are negotiating to establish two states living side by side in peace and security .
These efforts may or may not succeed .
But they are designed to enhance Israel ’s security , the region ’s stability and to bring peace closer .
And they deserve our support .
If Israel had gone to war this week , established pro-Israel organizations would have rallied to its side .
There would have been ads , press releases , fundraising appeals and political speeches .
Let ’s have the courage to support Israel loudly and clearly when it pursues security through diplomacy . ”
David Kimche , a former director general of the Israeli Foreign Ministry and a supporter of JStreet , outlined the need for an alternative in The Jerusalem Post : “ AIPAC has become more militant than the Israeli government .
Its messages reflect more the oppositionist Likud doctrine than the moderate stance of Prime Minister Olmert .
Moreover , whereas ... some 80 percent of the Jewish voters traditionally cast their votes for the Democrats , AIPAC is geared to an extreme right - wing agenda , often more in line with the Jewish neo-cons than with the majority of American Jews . ”
Jeremy Ben - Ami , JStreet ’s executive director , says of AIPAC that , “ They have to promote another agenda .
Our agenda is that we believe the security of Israel , the survival of Israel , depends in large measure on whether or not it can resolve these conflicts peacefully with its neighbors .
This is also in America ’s best interest . ”
Many prominent Israelis view AIPAC as a negative and counterproductive influence and have joined JStreet ’s advisory council .
One of these is Daniel Levy , who was part of the Israeli delegation to the January 2001 Taba Summit .
“ The mainstream pro-Israel camp , ” he states , “ has decided so brazenly to throw its lot in with neoconservative ideologues within this administration and with the far right dispensationalist Christian Zionists , and this unholy triangle has pulled things so much to the right - wing direction that we are desperately in need of a corrective ... I think other groups that care about this issue feel more comfortable expressing a sensible position on the Middle East when there is also a very credible and hopefully very loud Jewish voice saying , ” ˜This is the most pro-American and pro-Israeli position you can take ’ ... just like you can be a pro-American patriot and be against bombing Iran and staying in Iraq for l00 years . ”
Samuel Freedman , a Columbia University journalism professor and columnist for The Jerusalem Post , declares that , “ There are plenty of good reasons for an alternative to AIPAC .
American Jewish opinion is indeed too variegated to be represented by one and only one voice on Israel issues .
A lobby that gave its podium to the bigoted pastor John Hagee and has had several of its officials implicated in a scandal involving classified information needs a competitor to keep it honest . ”
As the 2008 campaign proceeds , AIPAC ’s role should continue to be carefully examined .
It is abundantly clear that its claim to represent American Jewish opinion is false .
It is also beyond question that the vast majority of Jewish voters cast their ballots on the basis of a variety of issues , domestic and foreign , not on the single issue of U.S. Middle East policy .
To the extent that AIPAC ’s influence is diminished , the chance to develop a constructive U.S. policy which leads both Israelis and Palestinians to a meaningful peace is enhanced .
Allan C. Brownfeld is a syndicated columnist and associate editor of the Lincoln Review , a journal published by the Lincoln Institute for Research and Education , and editor of Issues , the quarterly journal of the American Council for Judaism .
C++ Templated Namespaces
A neat trick you can do with templating is to create a templated namespace – i.e. , a module / namespace that is bound at compile time rather than design time .
The interesting uses of these things come not from creating them , as they ’re trivial ( mostly a typedef ) , but rather any class expecting one as one of it ’s template parameters .
It opens up what might be called “ Context Oriented Programming ” – a kind of aspect - orientation , monkey patching and structural typing package all wrapped up in one .
With the coming of C++0 x concepts , this type of templating will become much easier .
We will no longer have to define our classes in terms of what libraries they require , but instead what types they require , and any and all dependencies will more or less go the way of the dinosaur in truly generic programming .
For example , here ’s the templated namespace idiom :
template < class IntType , class FloatType , class ThreadType , class MemoryModelType >
struct TemplatedNamespace {
typedef IntType MyIntType ;
typedef FloatType MyFloatType ;
typedef ThreadType MyThreadtype ;
typedef MemoryModelType MyMemorymodelType ;
} ;
Pretty trivial .
Now , it ’s use :
template < class ANamespace >
class UserClass {
ANamespace :: MyIntType foo( ANamspace :: MyIntType x ) {
ANamespace :: MyThreadType::lock _lock ( ) ;
return 2 + x ;
}
} ;
A little wordy , but as you can see , we just wrote a class that does n’t know what threading model it ’s using , does n’t know what type of int it ’s using , or anything else .
Then , when we want to use this class , we build the namespace we want to use …
typedef TemplatedNamespace < long long , double , PTHREAD , NEW_DELETE > myNamespace ;
UserClass< myNamespace > x ;
We bind what threading we want as the user , rather than the designer having to try and think how to accommodate us no mater what .
This is similar to policy - driven - development on steroids , as you can begin to remove any and all types from your code and move them up to requirements on your ‘ context ’ , or some passed in templated namespace .
These requirements can be expressed and checked at compile time via the use of C++0 x ’s concepts .
As you can see , since a class only drawing types from it ’s ‘ context ’ rather than from any global types , we , the user , have very strict control over it .
We can pass in mock types a la dependency injection , as long as we meet the requirements as spelled out in any concepts the class uses .
We can also muck around AOP style with types that the original designer never meant to be overloaded or switched out .
Again , as long as we meet the concepts , the class should work ( your mileage may vary ) .
Making a non -thread safe class into a threadsafe one simply replaces the various types that there should be threadsafe versions of .
Now a class does n’t even know it ’s threadsafe , but it is .
Similar to Python ’s monkey patching ( or duck punching ) , simply having types that meet the structural typing demands of concepts will work , meaning maintaining code can be as simple as switching out different types rather than going in and finding all the hidden dependencies that must now be changed .
Plus , it gives you a very refreshing feeling looking up at the top of your class and not seeing a single #include there .
Obviously this approach is wordy as hell , and like everything in C++ , we feel like we ’re fighting the system to do what we want .
But this approach also affords us a great deal of extensibility , maintainability and generic power to reuse different classes and code by simply changing the ‘ context ’ , or namespace , it uses to find all of it ’s types .
And with the upcoming C++0 x concepts , it will aid in design because it will force us to think about our bare assumptions of what we expect our types to do , much like classic Design - By - Contract forces us to think about what our instantiations of those types might do .
I have a feeling we ’ll all be seeing more and more of this type of truly generic programming 😉
Solar - Powered Lamp Tracks Home Energy Consumption
September 11th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
If you ’re worried that your family is using more than its fair share of energy , Beverly Ng ’s Spark Lamp may be for you — if you live in Sweden .
The lamp , which resembles a potted plant , was created as a response to the Swedish government ’s announcement that future homes will come with smart meters that provide energy usage data to homeowners on the Internet .
But who wants to constantly check online to keep track of power consumption ?
Ng ’s proposal offers an alternative .
Her color - changing lamp contains solar panels on its bottom .
During the day , you turn the lamp upside down to charge the panels .
At night , you turn the lamp back over and switch it on .
The Wi-Fi ready LED lamp changes color for a 3 second interval to indicate your power consumption level compared to your monthly goal — green if you ’re doing better than your goal , yellow if you ’re on target , and red if you ’re below target .
After 3 seconds , it goes back to a normal white light .
The lamp is not yet available , but it could be an excellent way for busy Swedes to keep track of their energy consumption with minimal effort .
Posts Related to Solar Power :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
According to a new study , women are attracted to intelligent men for both long term relationships and for hook - ups .
http://abcnews.go.com/Technology/story?id=5951979&page=1
The only time women are not attracted to intelligent men is when they have the option of a good looking guy who is dumber than pants on fish .
Still , it ’s comforting to know that given the choice of two ugly guys , women usually prefer the one who is not a moron .
And obviously many women will still pick the guy who is both ugly and stupid if he has lots of money , good hair , is tall , or plays in a band .
I did my own study to reach that conclusion .
It ’s titled “ Duh . ”
In my vast experience as an unattractive smart guy who was not always a syndicated cartoonist , there are in fact women who have fetishes for smart men .
Not many , but they exist .
My guess is that about 3 % of the female public is in that group .
That ’s probably good enough to keep the inventions flowing for a few more evolutionary steps .
The only risk to the future of humanity is that nerds will invent a technology that is better than sex with another human being .
I ’ll try to keep this next part rated PG - 13 , so please be patient with the indirectness .
I assume some entrepreneur is already working on creating a business where guys will be able to buy a lifelike female body part that plugs into a standard USB port , and can be controlled by someone else across the Internet .
That artificial body part could mimic a hand , mouth , or woo - woo .
In the short run , the business model would involve paying women , in countries where such things are legal , to control the device and appear on a web cam chat .
In the long run , artificial intelligence and CGI women will be controlling the action , so the whole system would only cost $ 100 , with no recurring fees .
And that will be the end of humanity because nerds will stop mating , their genes will die out , humanity will revert to the Bronze Age , and all the attractive , dumb people will be eaten by wild dogs .
I like to end on a positive note , so let ’s take a moment to be happy for the wild dogs .
What is the name of a certain political party in the United States — not the one which controls the executive , legislative , and judicial branches of the federal government but the other one , which does n’t ?
The question is a small one , to be sure : a minor irritation , a wee gnat compared to such red-clawed , sharp - toothed horrors as the health - care mess and the budget deficit , to say nothing of Iraq and Lebanon .
But it has been around longer than any of them , and , annoyingly , it wo n’t go away .
Last week , the gnat was buzzing at a high altitude .
An e-mail from none other than “ President George W. Bush , ” arriving last Monday morning in millions of in - boxes , hinted strongly at where the Commander - in - Chief stands on the name issue .
To wit :
The Democrat Party has a clear record when it comes to taxes .
And :
Nothing threatens our hard - won reforms and economic prosperity more than a Democrat victory this November .
And :
The difference is clear : if you want the government in your pocket , vote Democrat .
An alternative view is that it ’s called the Democratic Party .
The Democratic Party itself takes this view , and many nonpartisan authorities agree .
The American Heritage College Dictionary , for example , defines the noun “ Democratic Party ” as “ One of the two major US political parties , owing its origin to a split in the Democratic - Republican Party under Andrew Jackson in 1828 . ”
( It defines “ Democrat n ” as “ A Democratic Party member ” and “ Democratic adj ” as “ Of , relating to , or characteristic of the Democratic Party , ” but gives no definition for — indeed , makes no mention of — “ Democrat Party n ” or “ Democrat adj ” . )
Other dictionaries , and reference works generally , appear to be unanimous on these points .
The broader literate public also comes down on the “ Democratic ” side , as indicated by frequency of usage .
A Google search for “ Democratic Party ” yields around forty million hits .
“ Democrat Party ” fetches fewer than two million .
There ’s no great mystery about the motives behind this deliberate misnaming .
“ Democrat Party ” is a slur , or intended to be — a handy way to express contempt .
Aesthetic judgments are subjective , of course , but “ Democrat Party ” is jarring verging on ugly .
It fairly screams “ rat . ”
At a slightly higher level of sophistication , it ’s an attempt to deny the enemy the positive connotations of its chosen appellation .
During the Cold War , many people bridled at obvious misnomers like “ German Democratic Republic , ” and perhaps there are some members of the Republican Party ( which , come to think of it , has been drifting toward monarchism of late ) who genuinely regard the Democratic Party as undemocratic .
Perhaps there are some who hope to induce it to go out of existence by refusing to call it by its name , à la terming Israel “ the Zionist entity . ”
And no doubt there are plenty of others who say “ Democrat Party ” just to needle the other side while signalling solidarity with their own — the partisan equivalent of flashing a gang sign .
The history of “ Democrat Party ” is hard to pin down with any precision , though etymologists have traced its use to as far back as the Harding Administration .
According to William Safire , it got a boost in 1940 from Harold Stassen , the Republican Convention keynoter that year , who used it to signify disapproval of such less than fully democratic Democratic machine bosses as Frank Hague of Jersey City and Tom Pendergast of Kansas City .
Senator Joseph McCarthy made it a regular part of his arsenal of insults , which served to dampen its popularity for a while .
There was another spike in 1976 , when grumpy , growly Bob Dole denounced “ Democrat wars ” ( those were the days ! ) in his Vice - Presidential debate with Walter Mondale .
Growth has been steady for the last couple of decades , and today we find ourselves in a golden age of anti-“ ic ” - ism .
In the conservative media , the phenomenon feeds more voraciously the closer you get to the mucky , sludgy bottom .
“ Democrat Party ” is standard jargon on right - wing talk radio and common on winger Web sites like NewsMax.com , which blue - pencils Associated Press dispatches to de -“ ic ” references to the Party of F.D.R. and J.F.K .
( The resulting impression that “ Democrat Party ” is O.K. with the A.P. is as phony as a North Korean travel brochure . )
The respectable conservative journals of opinion sprinkle the phrase around their Web sites but go light on it in their print editions .
William F. Buckley , Jr. , the Miss Manners cum Dr. Johnson of modern conservatism , dealt with the question in a 2000 column in National Review , the magazine he had founded forty - five years before .
“ I have an aversion to ‘ Democrat ’ as an adjective , ” Buckley began .
Dear Joe McCarthy used to do that , and received a rebuke from this at - the - time 24 - year - old .
It has the effect of injecting politics into language , and that should be avoided .
Granted there are diffculties , as when one desires to describe a “ democratic ” politician , and is jolted by possible ambiguity .
But English does that to us all the time , and it ’s our job to get the correct meaning transmitted without contorting the language .
The job of politicians , however , is different , and among those of the Republican persuasion “ Democrat Party ” is now nearly universal .
This is partly the work of Newt Gingrich , the nominal author of the notorious 1990 memo “ Language : A Key Mechanism of Control , ” and his Contract with America pollster , Frank Luntz , the Johnny Appleseed of such linguistic innovations as “ death tax ” for estate tax and “ personal accounts ” for Social Security privatization .
Luntz , who road - tested the adjectival use of “ Democrat ” with a focus group in 2001 , has concluded that the only people who really dislike it are highly partisan adherents of the —how you say ?
— Democratic Party .
“ Those two letters actually do matter , ” Luntz said the other day .
He added that he recently finished writing a book — it ’s entitled “ Words That Work ” — and has been diligently going through the galley proofs taking out the hundreds of “ ic ” s that his copy editor , one of those partisan Dems , had stuck in .
In days gone by , the anti -“ ic ” tic tended to be reined in at the Presidential level .
Ronald Reagan never used it in polite company , and George Bush père was too well brought up to use the truncated version of the out party ’s name more than sparingly .
Not so Bush fils — and not just in e-mails sent to the Party faithful , which he obviously never reads , let alone writes .
“ It ’s time for the leadership in the Democrat Party to start laying out ideas , ” he said a few weeks ago , using his own personal mouth .
“ The Democrat Party showed its true colors during the tax debate , ” he said a few months before that .
“ Nobody from the Democrat Party has actually stood up and called for actually getting rid of the terrorist surveillance program , ” he said a week before that .
What he meant is anybody ’s guess , but his bad manners were impossible to miss .
Hard as it is to believe from this distance in time , George W. Bush came to office promising to “ change the tone . ”
That he has certainly done .
But , as with so much else , it has n’t worked out quite the way he promised . ♦
DIGG THIS
While the Billionaire Bailout was narrowly defeated Monday , its certain there will be more attempts to saddle all Americans with the bad debts of people who paid themselves $ 40 billion annually in dividends , plus massive bonuses , stock options ( now worthless ) and huge salaries .
As small business owners , my wife and I are fascinated by the concern shown by our political leaders for us and our colleagues .
The dire warnings of the past few days frequently include phrases like " small business owners need credit to grow their business , send their kids to college , and save for their retirement . "
How one saves for retirement by borrowing is never explained .
Others claim that small businesses will not be able to pay their employees if they do n't have access to easy credit .
Nearly all of these pronouncements come from people who know little or nothing about running a small business .
Few Washington politicians have earned a single free - market dollar in honest commerce , and if they did it was generally long ago .
Self - appointed " business leaders " are in fact little more than well - paid lobbyists for very large businesses that use government regulations and laws to place small business owners at a disadvantage .
They do not speak for us or any small business owner we know .
I do n't claim to speak for all small businesses .
No one has elected me .
Having owned a small business for 11 years , I 've made a few friends and learned a few things .
Big business certainly depends on credit .
One of the most lucrative sources of easy credit for big business is small business .
It works like this : small business signs a contract with big business , on terms dictated entirely by big business .
Small business provides the agreed - upon goods or services , and bills the big business .
Big business sits on the invoice for 60 , 90 , 120 days or more .
They get an interest - free loan at the expense of the small business .
This forced lending has been going on for as long as business and I do n't expect it to change .
That source of easy credit will be available with or without the Billionaire Bailout .
Big businesses also have access to credit facilities and financial markets that are not available to small businesses .
Whether it is low - interest lines of credit , asset - backed commercial paper , or the ability to float their own bonds , big business gets and uses credit to gain a real advantage over small business .
None of the small business owners I know depend upon easy credit to make their payroll .
When things get to the point where you need to borrow to pay your employees , the end is near .
Most small businesses fail in the first few years , in large part because business is not easy , it is hard .
Not everyone is good at it .
But it is an essential part of free trade and the market economy that businesses fail , so that new , better ones can arise in their place .
Few small businesses depend upon easy credit .
Banks are generally reluctant to lend to small businesses , with good reason .
Most small businesses are funded by owner 's savings .
Sometimes start - up money comes from loans by parents or friends .
While I can understand that small businesses involved in building houses might profit from easy credit , the market is sending unmistakable signals that there are too many houses that are too expensive .
Flooding the system with still more easy credit can't be the cure , it is the problem .
There 's no denying that life is easier with easy credit , at least until the bill comes due .
But there is an alternative : savings .
Before my firm hires a new employee , we save enough to buy the equipment they will need , and to pay their salary for the weeks or months it will take to train them .
Those savings come from our profits .
We do n't spend most of our profits , we save them .
We would like to use them to create more jobs , but the government taxes profits heavily , then adds layer upon layer of regulation that makes every new hire a bet - the - business proposition .
If we dare to grow beyond 10 people , a whole new set of regulations comes into force .
More still at 15 , 20 , 35 , 50 , and so on .
There is a " death zone " of regulation ; our business would have to grow almost overnight from 10 to 25 employees in order to support the multiple full - time administrators we would need to comply with all the new regulations .
Easy credit might fund such a leap , but I do n't think it would be very smart business to attempt such a quantum change .
The burden of regulation is proportionately easier for big businesses , which routinely supports regulations that erect barriers to competition from small business .
It may be true that without the bailout , Americans will have trouble getting loans for new cars .
They will have to save their money and / or buy used cars .
Some small businesses may not grow as fast if they depend on savings rather than easy credit created from thin air , but that is precisely the cause of the boom and bust cycle that we are living through right now .
America has been on a credit binge for decades , now the mood is shifting towards paying bills and savings .
Small businesses must heed the desires of their customers , or they quickly fail .
My so - called representative voted for the Billionaire Bailout .
It 's easy to understand why ; he 's collected $ 732,629 from the Securities & Investment industry alone .
My firm has paid far more than that in taxes , but taxes do n't buy congressional votes the way campaign contributions do .
The 7 Massachusetts " representatives " who voted for the Billionaire Bailout have collectively gathered more than $ 11,785,000 from investment , banking , real estate , law , lobbying , and building industries .
No wonder they support the Billionaire Bailout despite overwhelming public opposition .
Politicians and " business leaders " are forever talking about how they want to help small businesses , but they never propose removing the onerous taxes and burdensome regulations that give large businesses such huge advantages over small business .
Instead , proposals like the Billionaire Bailout invariably involve taking more of our money .
Please , do n't help us any more .
We can't afford it .
October 1 , 2008
The Best of Stephen Fairfax
Raven Symoné , the former child star who helped The Cosby Show jump the shark , penned a MySpace blog addressing the criticism about her weight and misshapen eyebrows .
She seems to think that the best way to get her point across is in all caps .
Raven , 22 , was responding to negative stories that came out about her after she attended the Tinkerbell DVD premiere on Sunday .
Our friends at Best Week Ever are among the blogs that mentioned her appearance , and commenters said at the time that it was n’t fair to call her out for being a bigger young woman .
Raven agrees and at first she wanted us to know about it – before she ended up regretting this caps lock rant and deleting it .
I WAS BORN WITH MESSED UP EYE BROWS , LOOK AT THE COSBY SHOW THEY GROW UPSIDE DOWN AND ON THE WRONG EYE .
THAT IS MY PARENTS DOING AND MY BROTHER HAS THE SAME ONES .
IM SORRY IF I WANT TO GO OUT ONE DAY AND NOT FILL THEM IN .
IM SURE OTHER PEOPLE DONT GO OUT ALL THE TIME WITH THEIR FACE BEAT ( MAKE -UP TERM , FLAWLESS MAKE UP ) .
MY BODY SIZE ; OOOHHH MY GOD !!!!
HOW MANY YEARS HAS IT BEEN … IV BEEN ON TV FOR 21 YEARS , AND IV ALWAYS BEEN THICK …..OK !!!!
NOW IF ANYONE KNOWS MY FAMILY , ALL OF THE WOMEN EXCEPT FOR A FEW , STRUGGLE WITH KEEPING WHAT IS A SOCIALLY EXCEPT - ABLE WEIGHT .
WHEN I STRESS I GAIN , WHEN IM HAPPY WHO KNOWS … I HAD A LOT OF PERSON THINGS HAPPEN TO ME AT THE END OF THE SHOW , DEALING WITH FAMILY , AND MY EX - BOYFRIEND CHEATED ON ME AND I HAD TO BREAK UP WITH HIM ( LISTEN TO LOVE ME OR LEAVE ME , AND SECRETS ) AND LIKE ANY FEMALE WITH A PROBLEM , DELT WITH IT A CERTAIN WAY !
ID LOVE IF THE INDUSTRY COULD ONE DAY UNDERSTAND THAT THERE IS A DIFFERENCE BETWEEN OBESITY AND FAT AND THICK AND THIN AND SICK .
I AM A THICK GIRL , I HAVE NEVER BEEN OVER A SIZE 12 , I CAN RUN , AND I TRY MY BEST TO EAT RIGHT ALL THE TIME .
I AM NOT THE TEXT BOOK WEIGHT THAT THEY SAY I SHOULD BE , BUT EVERYDAY I HAVE MY OWN PERSONAL STRUGGLES , AND I THINK THAT PEOPLE NEED TO RESPECT THAT .
[ From Raven Simone 's myspace via D - Listed ]
Raven ’s myspace ( warning : link has automatic loud music ) is now just a broken image and some of her very annoying music .
I did n’t check it out yesterday but it looks like she took a page from the John Mayer school of celebrity blogging and deleted everything once she got some press for her blogging .
I feel badly for this girl because she seems like she was affected by the criticism and maybe we should be more aware of it , especially with younger celebrities like Symoné who may take negative comments to heart .
You have to have a thick skin when you ’re famous , but that does n’t mean you ’re not human and it does n’t affect you .
Symoné last starred on the Disney show That ’s So Raven from 2003 to the end of the show late last year .
She was also on The Cheetah Girls .
She has a how - to website , Raven Symoné Presents ( link has automatic video ) along with a music career with several albums out .
Hang in there Raven .
You have fans and they ’re not concerned about your weight or eyebrows .
If you could learn to capitalize properly and not scream your writing you might earn some more admirers .
Update :
It ’s possible the blog entry supposedly written by Raven is a fake .
As fancyfree points out below , her official myspace is still up .
The myspace linked yesterday by sites referencing this story has been replaced , though .
The other myspace could either be a secondary account from which she blogged or just someone trying to spoof her .
It was in the “ music ” section of MySpace though – can anyone just get their account assigned there ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement David Tennant is to stand down as Doctor Who , after becoming one of the most popular Time Lords in the history of the BBC science fiction show .
Tennant stepped into the Tardis in 2005 , and will leave the role after four special episodes are broadcast next year .
He made the announcement after winning the outstanding drama performance prize at the National Television Awards .
" When Doctor Who returns in 2010 it wo n't be with me , " he said .
I do n't ever want it to feel like a job , so I want to move on when it still feels exciting and fresh
David Tennant
" Now do n't make me cry , " he added .
" I love this part , and I love this show so much that if I do n't take a deep breath and move on now I never will , and you 'll be wheeling me out of the Tardis in my bath chair . "
' I 'll miss it ' Bets on next Doctor Paterson Joseph - 3 - 1 ( pictured ) David Morrisey - 5 - 1 James Nesbitt - 6 - 1 John Simm - 8 - 1 Source : Paddy Power
Three years was " about the right time " to play the role , he told the BBC in an exclusive interview .
" I think it 's better to go when there 's a chance that people might miss you , rather than to hang around and outstay your welcome , " he said .
His stint in the show had been " the most extraordinary time , it 's been bewildering , life changing , very exciting " , he said .
" And just so much fun , such a great show to work on .
" That 's one of the reasons I think it 's right to take a deep breath and bow out when it 's still fun , when it 's a novelty .
" I do n't ever want it to feel like a job , so I want to move on when it still feels exciting and fresh and that means I 'll miss it . "
Drama award Tennant , the 10th actor to play the Doctor Who , left fans guessing about his return at the end of the latest series .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
In the last episode , in July , the Doctor had to defeat his enemies the Daleks to save the universe .
Almost 10 million people watched as the Time Lord apparently started the process of regeneration - but did not complete it .
Tennant will appear in a Christmas special , titled The Next Doctor , before filming four more specials in January .
" They 'll be the four last stories that I do , " he said .
In a sign of his popularity , he was voted best drama performer in a public vote at the National Television Awards .
He has been named most popular actor at the same ceremony for the past two years .
That prize has been discontinued this year .
An average of 8.1 million people a week watched the latest series - the fourth since it made a comeback in 2005 - in its Saturday evening slot on BBC One .
' Spectacular ' exit Russell T Davies , executive producer , said : " I 've been lucky and honoured to work with David over the past few years - and it's not over yet , the Tenth Doctor still has five spectacular hours left !
" After which , I might drop an anvil on his head .
Or maybe a piano .
A radioactive piano .
But we 're planning the most enormous and spectacular ending , so keep watching . "
David Tennant has recently acted with the Royal Shakespeare Company A fifth series of the show is scheduled for 2010 .
Tennant replaced Christopher Eccleston , who resurrected the show after a 16 - year break .
Tennant made his name in TV dramas such as Blackpool and Casanova .
He started his career in theatre and in recent months has returned to the stage with well - received performances in Hamlet and Love 's Labour 's Lost for the Royal Shakespeare Company .
HAVE YOUR SAY James Nesbitt would be a good , dark Doctor Grant , Manchester In December last year , Tennant denied rumours that he was planning to quit after Catherine Tate - his new companion in the Tardis - told the Jonathan Ross radio show she thought the next series of Doctor Who would be Tennant 's last .
He said at the time : " Catherine Tate stitched me up good and proper .
She goes on Jonathan Ross and makes up a load of old nonsense . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- President - elect Barack Obama is looking forward to Monday 's White House transition talks with President Bush and is already examining ways to make a quick impact upon taking office , top Obama aides said Sunday .
President - elect Barack Obama will meet President Bush on Monday afternoon in the White House .
" I think it was very gracious of President Bush to invite him so early -- usually it happens a little later in the process , " Valerie Jarrett , one of the transition team 's co-chairs , told reporters .
" I think because of the daunting challenges that are facing our country , President Bush thought it was important to move forward quickly . "
A prominent Democratic source close to Obama said Jarrett is also Obama 's choice to be named to take over his seat in the Senate , though Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich would have the final say over a replacement .
And John Podesta , the other co-chair , said the talks are likely to cover " a broad range of issues " -- but the slumping U.S. economy is expected to dominate the discussion .
Podesta told CNN's " Late Edition " that Obama will push Congress to enact " at least part " of an economic package before he takes office in January , but said the problems Americans face need short - term and long - term approaches .
" It 's clear that we need to stabilize the economy , to deal with the financial meltdown that 's now spreading across the rest of the economy .
The auto industry is really , really back on its heels , " Podesta said .
And Obama 's designated White House chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , said the government needs to consider " fast - forwarding " $ 25 billion in low - interest loans already approved by Congress to help the Big Three U.S. automakers retool for more efficient vehicles .
iReport.com : Who should be in Obama 's cabinet ?
" They are an essential part of our economy and our industrial base , " Emanuel told CBS ' " Face the Nation . "
He added : " There are existing authorities within the government today that the administration should tap to help the auto industry . "
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , both Democrats , urged Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson over the weekend to extend the $ 700 billion bailout of the financial industry to shore up the ailing Ford , Chrysler and General Motors , which have been battered by the credit crisis and poor sales of gas - guzzling sport utility vehicles .
But Treasury spokesperson Brookly McLaughlin said Sunday that the department remains focused on the financial sector and restarting stalled lending .
Podesta said Congress could extend unemployment benefits for laid - off workers and provide assistance to states grappling with increased Medicaid costs quickly .
But he said efforts to improve schools , expand health - care coverage and wean the nation 's energy industry away from imported fuels " need to be tackled together . "
And he told " Fox News Sunday " that the incoming administration is conducting an extensive review of Bush 's executive orders , looking for quick changes that Obama can make from his first day in office .
Watch more on the team 's working weekend »
" As a candidate , Senator Obama said that he wanted all the Bush executive orders reviewed and decide which ones should be kept and which ones should be repealed and which ones should be amended , and that process is going on .
It 's been undertaken , " Podesta said .
Podesta said Obama 's team will be " looking at -- again , in virtually every agency -- to see where we can move forward , whether that 's on energy transformation , on improving health care , on stem cell research . "
Podesta said there is a lot the president can do without waiting for Congress , and voters can expect to see Obama do so to try to restore " a sense that the country is working on behalf of the common good . "
Bush and Obama are set to meet Monday afternoon at the White House 's Oval Office .
Watch report from CNN's Kathleen Koch on meeting Monday »
" I 'm sure they 'll be open and frank , as I 'm sure they 've always been able to talk to one another , " Jarrett said .
" So I think it 's a good sign for this country that they 're having this meeting when they 're having it , and we look forward to the days and weeks ahead . "
At the same time , first lady Laura Bush will take Obama 's wife , Michelle , on a tour of the executive mansion .
Podesta said cooperation with Bush administration officials has been " excellent " since Tuesday 's election .
All About Barack Obama • John Podesta
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) filed new Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) requests demanding that the U.S. Department of Justice ( DoJ ) and the National Security Agency ( NSA ) disclose “ any policies and procedures ” that protect Americans ’ privacy rights when the ultra-spooky agency “ collects , stores and disseminates private U.S. communications . ”
The FOIA brief opens a new front in an on - going campaign by the civil liberties ’ group to pry information from unaccountable Bush administration spy agencies and their “ up - armored ” lawyers in the Justice Department .
According to Melissa Goodman , a staff attorney with the ACLU ’s National Security Project , “ the American public needs to know whether the NSA ’s procedures are sufficiently protective of our privacy rights .
Unfortunately , there is often no meaningful court oversight of the NSA ’s surveillance activities and the NSA is left to police itself , ” Goodman said in a press release on Wednesday .
Coming on the heels of last week ’s report by ABC News that provided new details of the Agency ’s illegal spying on hundreds of aid workers , journalists and soldiers stationed in Iraq , the ACLU is charging that the NSA spied on personal phone calls that “ were not in any way related to national security . ”
Indeed , intimate phone calls intercepted by Army communications specialists were routinely shared and swapped like salacious trophies amongst NSA personnel for their amusement .
At a news conference last February , President Bush declared that “ there is a constant check to make sure that our civil liberties of our citizens are treated with respect . ”
A whistleblower , former Navy Arab linguist David Faulk however , put paid to Bush ’s lie when he told ABC that “ he and his fellow intercept operators listened into hundreds of Americans picked up using phones in Baghdad ’s Green Zone from late 2003 to November 2007 . ”
But the network ’s belated report on a story initially broken in July 2007 by David Swanson at AfterDowningStreet.org , former U.S. Army Reserve Arab linguist Adrienne Kinne , who was assigned to a special military signals intelligence unit run from the NSA facility at Fort Gordon , Georgia , revealed that illegal surveillance on Americans was widespread .
Prior to the September 11 terrorist attacks , NSA operators were forbidden to listen in or collect information on Americans .
The NSA was specifically barred from doing so by United State Signals Intelligence Directive 18 ( USSID 18 ) .
Kinne also told Swanson that many of the individuals the NSA spied upon were journalists , including those staying at a Baghdad hotel that turned up on a U.S. target list .
Despite Kinne ’s repeated attempts to bring this information to the attention of Sen. Patrick Leahy , Chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , she was rebuffed by Leahy and his staff .
“ Now , in response to ABC News picking up the story , ” Swanson reported October 10 , “ Leahy is pretending to be interested in the matter . ”
These revelations come hot on the heels of Congress ’ July passage of the unconstitutional FISA Amendments Act ( FAA ) that granted NSA free reign to carry out warrantless spying .
As Antifascist Calling has reported on many occasions , most recently September 20 ( see : “ Democracy or Police State ?
New Lawsuit Targets Bush , Cheney , NSA over Illegal Spying ” ) , FAA grants unaccountable intelligence agencies the power to conduct driftnet surveillance on the telephone and internet communications of American citizens and legal residents .
As I wrote in September ,
These covert intelligence operations arose as the result of secret Department of Justice memorandums written by the Office of Legal Counsel ( OLC ) .
According to an unsigned and undated memo released by the OLC , the Justice Department claims that President Bush has an “ inherent right ” to carry out “ communications intelligence targeted at the enemy . ”
Indeed , as the extent of these illegal programs have revealed , the “ enemy ” is none other than the American people themselves !
Additionally , FAA handed corporate grifters in the telecommunications industry such as AT&T , Sprint and Verizon retroactive immunity for aiding and abetting the Bush regime ’s unconstitutional spy operations .
The “ best money Congress can buy , ” with the Democrats in cahoots with their Republican colleagues in the Justice Department are attempting to derail the Electronic Frontier Foundation ’s ( EFF ) landmark lawsuit , Hepting v. AT&T .
But in a move late Thursday , EFF attorneys challenged the law ’s constitutionality in a brief filed in U.S. District Court in San Francisco .
Judge Vaughn Walker is the presiding judge hearing Hepting v. AT&T .
In a statement issued Friday by the civil liberties group ,
… the flawed FISA Amendments Act ( FAA ) violates the federal government ’s separation of powers as established in the Constitution and robs innocent telecom customers of their rights without due process of law .
Signed into law earlier this year , the FAA allows for the dismissal of the lawsuits over the telecoms ’ participation in the warrantless surveillance program if the government secretly certifies to the court that either the surveillance did not occur , was legal , or was authorized by the president .
Attorney General Michael Mukasey filed that classified certification with the court last month .
( “ EFF Challenges Constitutionality of Telecom Immunity in Federal Court , ” Electronic Frontier Foundation , Press Release , October 17 , 2008 )
EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kevin Bankston charged that “ the immunity law puts the fox in charge of the hen house , letting the Attorney General decide whether or not telecoms like AT&T can be sued for participating in the government ’s illegal warrantless surveillance . ”
Bankston pointed out that in a constitutional system “ it is the judiciary ’s role as a co-equal branch of government to determine the scope of the surveillance and rule on whether it is legal , not the executive’s .
The Attorney General should not be allowed to unconstitutionally play judge and jury in these cases , which affect the privacy of millions of Americans . ”
Mendaciously , U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey–a darling of “ liberal ” Democrats during his confirmation hearing last year– claimed in a public version of the government ’s certification to the court for dismissal , that the state had no “ content - dragnet ” program that searched for key words in the body of communications .
As AfterDowningStreet , ABC News and AT&T whistleblower Mark Klein have revealed , this is clearly a lie as communications were vacuumed into government databases while state officials offered one prevarication after another to conceal the breadth of these illegal programs from the public .
EFF has presented the court with a summary of thousands of pages of documentary evidence that clearly demonstrate the broad , driftnet surveillance of millions of innocent Americans since 9/11 .
EFF Senior Staff Attorney Kurt Opsahl said , “ We have overwhelming record evidence that the domestic spying program is operating far outside the bounds of the law .
Intelligence agencies , telecoms , and the Administration want to sweep this case under the rug , but the Constitution wo n’t permit it . ”
But that does n’t mean they wo n’t continue trying .
Immunity provisions in the FAA authorized Mukasey to inform Judge Walker in classified and non-public documents why the government is within its rights to seek immunity for spying telecoms .
With little latitude , Walker has no recourse to deny Mukasey ’s request to dismiss .
However , as Wired Magazine analyst Ryan Singel writes , Walker , “ a libertarian - leaning Republican appointee , has so far not been sympathetic to the government , ruling early on that the suits could continue despite the government ’s claim that the suits would put the nation at risk . ”
The EFF ’s constitutional challenge is set to be heard December 2 .
The ACLU has also filed a lawsuit to stop the state from conducting surveillance under the new spy law , charging that FAA violates the Fourth Amendment by giving the government ( and its alphabet - soup mix of intelligence agencies ) “ virtually unchecked power ” to intercept e-mails and telephone calls .
( See : “ ACLU Sues Over Unconstitutional Dragnet Wiretapping Law , ” Press Release , July 10 , 2008 ) The ACLU ’s current FOIA inquiries demand that the NSA and Justice Department produce :
Any and all legal memoranda , procedures , policies , directives , practices , guidance or guidelines created between 1993 and the present pertaining to the acquisition , processing , analysis , retention , storage or dissemination of Americans ’ communications –whether targeted for interception or incidentally intercepted –during the course of NSA surveillance activities conducted inside or outside the United States ; and Any and all records created between September 2001 and the present concerning complaints about , investigations of , or disciplinary actions related to the NSA ’s monitoring of U.S. communications .
Illegal interception of telephone and internet communications are intimately connected to data mining , a practice that seeks to establish relationships amongst “ targets ” by literally “ mining ” commercial and government databases for telephone communications , internet searches , medical records , travel itineraries , credit card purchases , etc .
As used by intelligence agencies , data miners claim they can identify trends that go beyond simple analytical results produced by the data .
Relying on sophisticated algorithms , state data miners claim they can forecast “ future events ” through predictive analysis and its deranged off - shoot , link analysis , a subset of network analysis that explores the associations and relationships between objects and people .
However , these spooky Nostradamuses more often than not generate false - positives that have real world consequences for their victims .
Just ask anyone unfortunate enough to have landed on the state ’s Kafkaesque “ no fly list ” or the FBI ’s sinister Terrorist Screening Center , a “ terrorist watch list ” that surpassed some one million names this summer , according to the ACLU .
Earlier this month , the National Academy of Science ’s National Research Council issued a scathing report questioning the validity of automated data mining , citing the slipshod manner in which data sets are linked together as well as the severe privacy breeches such programs inevitably produce .
Poor - quality data are a major concern in protecting privacy because inaccuracies may cause data - mining algorithms to identify innocent people as threats , the report says .
Linking data sources together tends to compound the problem ; current literature suggests that a “ mosaic ” of data assembled from multiple databases is likely to be error - prone .
Analysts and officials should be aware of this tendency toward errors and the consequent likelihood of false positives .
( “ All Counterterrorism Programs That Collect and Mine Data Should Be Evaluated for Effectiveness , Privacy Impacts , ” National Academy of Science , Press Release , October 7 , 2008 )
But given the current trajectory of the “ unitary executive branch , ” especially now as the financial system continues melting down and imperial wars relentlessly grind on , the corporatist criminals who rule the roost will undoubtedly expand the “ public - private partnership ” that has proven so profitable for the telecommunications industry .
With upcoming presidential elections in the United States , neither Sen. Barack Obama nor Sen .
John McCain , the respective candidates of the capitalist parties of war and repression , have opposed FAA , NSA spying or the shredding of the U.S. Constitution .
Nor is it likely either candidate will repudiate the unprecedented Executive Branch power - grab by the Bush gang once the winner attains “ high office ” come January .
Well , now we know why the heads of the nine families were summoned to Washington today :
To have capital shoved down their throats .
The Treasury will be taking preferred equity stakes in nine big banks , the WSJ says , despite the fact that many did n't want the money :
Goldman Sachs ( GS ) , $ 10 billion
Morgan Stanley ( MS ) , $ 10 billion
J.P. Morgan ( JPM ) , $ 25 billion
Bank of America ( BAC ) $ 25 billion
Citigroup ( C ) , $ 25 billion
Wells Fargo & Co. ( WFC ) , $ 20 - $ 25 billion
Bank of New York Mellon ( BNY ) , $ 2 - $ 3 billion
State Street , $ 2 - $ 3 billion
Not hard to guess who 's pysched about this new deal ( BOFA , Citi , and Morgan ) and who probably is n't ( everyone else ) .
The collective force - feeding is designed to remove the stigma of taking government funds and , thus , pave the way for a $ 250 billion recapitalization of the entire banking system .
Bloomberg says none of the banks were given a choice .
Worse ( from the banks ' perspective ) , all will now be subject to compensation restrictions , albeit toothless ones .
According to the NYT , the investments will take the form of perpetual preferred stock with a 5 % coupon that increases to 9 % after five years .
The security will also be callable at par after three years ( meaning the banks can pay the face value and retire it , as they would a debt instrument ) .
The Treasury will also get warrants for 15 % of the value of the investment .
( Bloomberg and , initially , the NYT reported that the investment would cause " no dilution " for current shareholders .
This would require a miracle of accounting .
Unless the preferred is just a loan , it represents an ownership stake , which means current shareholders own a smaller percentage of the company .
Ditto for the warrants ) .
The warrant exercise prices will be struck at an a 20 - day trailing average price on the date of issuance .
What the bank stocks do between now and the date of issuance will therefore determine the level of dilution .
Separately , the FDIC will temporarily guarantee interbank lending -- and charge the banks a fee for doing so .
This move , one hopes , will persuade banks to finally start lending to each other again .
These are both smart moves : without the force - feeding , the stigma of accepting Treasury help would have deterred many banks that actually needed capital -- including some of those above -- from taking it .
The only additional move we wish Paulson had made was forcing writedowns of bank assets to uniform ( and low ) levels .
But we expect he 'll now deal with that problem by eliminating mark - to - market accounting .
( The sums of money , moreover , are meaningful : $ 25 billion can sustain $ 250 - $ 300 billion of assets ) .
Details on pricing and other terms on the preferred stakes will be critical :
Only then will other shareholders know how much they are being diluted .
As we noted yesterday , George Soros recommended giving current shareholders the opportunity to invest alongside the Treasury and thus preserve their stakes .
Given the need for speed , however , this is probably unlikely .
After a few weeks of uncharacteristic incompetence ( TARP ? ) , it seems Hank Paulson has found his mojo again .
Let us hope that this and the rest of the new bailout plan finally begin to thaw the credit markets .
See Also : Only Thing Missing From New Bailout : Forced Writedowns
Why Beef is Aged , and How : Beef must be aged to allow natural enzymes to break down fibrous connective tissue that holds the muscle together .
There are two ways to self - tenderize : · Dry aging : Expensive and time consuming .
The beef is stored in temperature - and humidity - controlled coolers for up to six weeks .
Moisture evaporates , improving texture and concentrating flavor .
Between the evaporation and trimming of the thin coating of mold that develops , there 's weight loss of up to 20 percent .
·
Wet aging :
The beef is refrigerated in vacuum - sealed plastic and allowed to tenderize in its own juices .
No evaporation means no moisture is lost .
Less waste but also less concentrated taste .
Some Types of Beef You Should Know About : Rare " red " cattle ( the same breed that produces Kobe beef ) raised in Texas by HeartBrand Beef - - the only herd outside of Japan .
They started with eleven head of cattle , which have been guarded by armed Texas Rangers for the past fourteen years while the herd has grown to more than five thousand .
( heartbrandbeef.com ) · Grass - fed : Healthier but , some say , less flavorful than corn-fed .
Raised in open pastures .
Not necessarily organic .
( Grain - finished cattle -- which are switched from grass to grain for the last few weeks before slaughter -- develop more marbling . )
· Heritage : From rare heirloom breeds , pasture - raised on small farms without the hormones or pesticides used in conventional agribusiness .
· Angus : Aberdeen - Angus is a pure breed found in the U. S. , England , Scotland , and Ireland .
Certified Angus Brand is a brand name and may or may not include meat from Aberdeen - Angus .
The Grades of Meat : Prime :
What you want .
Typically found only at fine butcher shops , its interlacing of intramuscular fat -- like a cobweb -- assures tenderness , juiciness , and flavor .
· Choice : Pretty good .
More affordable and accessible than prime , moderate marbling still yields juicy , flavorful cuts .
· Select :
You 're on a plane .
Generally Important Point ( Cooking ) : Cooking times in recipes are predicated on starting with meat that 's not too cold .
All steaks should be taken out of the refrigerator at least thirty minutes before cooking .
The Pan : Lodge , an American maker of high - quality cast - iron pans for more than a hundred years , preseasons pans in the factory ( its " Logic " line ) .
The 10.25 - and 12 - inch , with 2 - inch depth , are most practical -- any larger and , depending on the size of the steaks , the oil could run off to the sides ( where there 's no meat ) and burn .
·
The pan must be hot enough to sear the meat on contact , to prevent surface moisture from creating steam , which can prevent browning .
·
While some chefs say the pan should be " smoking " before adding oil , most call for the intuitive " hot but not smoking . "
Basically , really goddamn hot .
A Note on Salt :
When you salt meat before cooking , you need a lot -- and a lot falls off -- so standard coarse salt will do .
After cooking is the time to use fine sea salt .
It 's pricey , but the large , crackly flakes are intense , so you do n't need much .
How to Use Oil : Before the meat goes in , the skillet should be filmed with oil -- it should coat the surface without pooling .
( You can add it when the pan is cold or hot . )
At the right temperature , the oil will shimmer and gently ripple , as if you dropped a pebble into a pond .
It should n't spatter or smoke .
The Finish : Meat 's temperature keeps rising after cooking .
Remove steaks from the heat when a meat thermometer reads 115 to 125 degrees .
Then wait .
During the all - important resting period , the temperature will rise to the medium - rare range , 120 to 130 degrees .
·
Get a good thermometer , preferably with a digital probe and large readout , like the Super - Fast Thermapen ( four seconds with 1 percent accuracy ) .
It is a potentially life - changing device .
( thermoworks.com ) · Always start with a recipe 's minimum cooking time .
You can't cook a steak less .
·
If you do n't have a thermometer and you do n't want to cut into the meat , press the cartilage at the tip of your nose .
That 's what medium rare feels like .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Free file hosting is not a problem now a days but to find a great high speed website that can help you to send or recieve your large files in an easier is really hard .
We also know that people have a love and hate relationship with free file hosting sites .
Some file hosting sites are really handy and make sharing data even simpler than sending a file via email while other services spam you with countless pop ups and forced membership options to simply download a file .
But we dont want you to worried at all .
We have compliled a list of 11 Free Websites For You To Send And Recieve Large Files Quickly .
You are welcome to share if you know more free file hosting services that have capability to send and recieve large files quicky and our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed .
FileBanker – Free 10 GB File Hosting
FileBanker offers a spam free way to share your files as quickly as possible .
You are not forced to sign up for paid options .
Whenever you need to send a file that is too large for e-mail , FileBanker can help you quickly .
DropSend – Send Large Files And Email Large Files Easily And Securely
If you really need any free File Sharing website so here is DropSend .
This is great for large files send and recieve .
You can also store your files at DropSend .
Their service is fast , simple and secure .
2Big2Send – Enabling You To Send Your Large Files Online Quickly , Easily For Free
2Big2 Send enables you to send large files across the internet bypassing the limits imposed by email providers .
They do this by allowing you to upload any large files you have to their storage servers then allow you to send an email from their system with a link to the files .
Badongo – Free File Hosting And Image Hosting
Badongo provides users with a link to their file that can easily be sent via email or instant messenger for viewing or download without having to worry about file size limitations of email and messenger applications .
Badongo allowing users to join and create community networks , granting access to each otherÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s uploaded files .
GigaSize – Host And Share Your Files
GigaSize is the free online file hosting service .
It host your large files with one click .
This is an easiest way to upload , download and host files .
Share Send – The Easy Way to Share Files
Share Send is very simple and easy to use file sharing website .
It really does not need any signup , you will just have to upload your file and you will get a url to share with your friends or anyone else .
file ai‚ – Securely Share Files Too Big To E-mail For Free
file ai is a free web site that enables people to securely share files with one another that cannot be easily sent via e-mail .
You do n’t need to download or install any software , and your files are not uploaded to any server .
The files are encrypted and sent directly , peer - to - peer , through your existing web browser .
Windows Live SkyDrive
Windows Live SkyDrive works well on any Windows or Macintosh computer with Firefox 1.5 or higher , or Internet Explorer 6 or higher .
5 GB of free online storage , available from any computer with Internet access .
You can create personal , shared , and public folders and you can decide who has access to each folder .
ADrive – Revolutionizing Online Storage And Backup
ADrive.com leads the online data storage and backup industry by offering the largest amount of free storage and backup on the Internet .
Oosah – Online File Sharing , Slideshows And Galleries
Oosah is a simple , easy - to - use , but feature rich “ Web 2.0 ” content hosting site .
We give you one spot on the Web where you can manage all of your digital media content – photos , videos , and music / audio files .
Mozy Online Backup – Simple .
Automatic .
Secure
Mozy is the industry - leading solution for online backup – back up your important files , photos , documents and more over the internet .
YANA COLLINS LEHMAN , a film production accountant who lives in Brooklyn , knew something was amiss when her 5 - year - old son , Beckett , started to announce to no one in particular , “ I ’m John McCain , and I approved this statement . ”
Ms. Collins Lehman , 36 , thought : “ Oh my God , I ’m watching too much news . ”
But it is hard not to , she said , with the financial markets in meltdown , and that crisis increasingly intertwined with a frenzied presidential campaign entering the homestretch .
This is why her own news diet has spiked to where it feels as if it ’s taking over her life .
And maybe her son’s , too .
“ It ’s such a drain on productivity , ” Ms. Collins Lehman said .
“ It ’s a compulsion . ”
For many , the hunger for information is reminiscent of those harried , harrowing months after Sept. 11 , 2001 .
But seven years ago , there was no iPhone , no Twitter , no YouTube .
There was no Google Reader to endlessly feed people updates on their favorite Web sites .
Social networking sites , blogs and TiVo were in their infancy .
This explosion of information technology , when combined with an unusual confluence of dramatic  and ongoing  news events , has led many people to conclude that they have given their lives over to a news obsession .
They find themselves taking breaks at work every 15 minutes to check the latest updates , and at the end of the day , taking laptops to bed .
Then they pad through darkened homes in the predawn to check on the Asian markets .
Not even going to get into why I am disgusted .
Though the vicious can sometimes pour affliction upon the good , their power is transient and their punishment certain ; and that innocence , though oppressed by injustice , shall , supported by patience , finally triumph over misfortune !
— Cordfucious
Liam Fox , the shadow defence secretary , said : " I 've just been visiting the US where the way their serving personnel and veterans are honoured is in stark contrast to the shabby treatment all too often dished out in Britain .
Part of our national renewal should be a commitment to better respect and to honour those who are willing to put themselves in danger for our security . "
A Very Expensive Berkshire / Goldman Deal
If you missed last night 's discussion on the " vote of confidence " deal from Warren Buffett , you are missing the big picture .
Go read : Berkshire to GS : " I Got $ 5 Billion , but Its Gonna Cost Ya . "
The headline writers of both the NYT and the WSJ missed the numbers involved :
Doug Kass goes last night 's analysis one better , and notes that using a Black Scholes produces a valuation of $ 2.8 billion dollars for the warrants .
That makes the effective yield over 20 % on the preferred purchase .
As we noted last night , this is terrific for Buffett , who smelled blood in the water .
Its a tough deal for Goldman , who were a ) obviously in a bind for capital ; and 2 ) smart enough to learn from Lehman Brothers mistakes .
Wednesday , September 24 , 2008 | 09:00 AM | Permalink | Comments ( 48 ) | TrackBack ( 1 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
TrackBack TrackBack URL for this entry :
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c52a953ef010534d197f3970c
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference A Very Expensive Berkshire / Goldman Deal : »
When in doubt , loot !
from Newshoggers.com
By Fester : TPM has the Republican Study Committee ' proposal ' to ' bail - out ' the stock market .
And it is a doozy as it is a complimation of supply sider masteurbatory fantasies that have no connection to any reality that is not the [ Read More ] Tracked on Sep 24 , 2008 1:21:06 PM
Comments
But
But he also said to CNBC :
" ... But he also made it very clear that he would not have bought anything right now if he was n't confident Congress will do the " right thing " and approve the financial bailout proposal put forward by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
He compared the urgency of passing a bailout with American 's decision to go to war after Pearl Harbor was attacked in 1941 .
Yeh Mr. Buffett if you like betting on bailouts & Bazookas -- GS is right !
But if you want to invest in brains : MSFT and technology would have been a better play
Posted by : Nihilism | Sep 24 , 2008 9:19:11 AM
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " Our project plan will follow the usual arc . "
Dilbert says , " Phase one will be unwarranted optimism supported by delusions of competence . "
Dilbert says , " In phase two , the obstructionists will slither out of their lairs and try to smother our dreams . "
Dilbert says , " Ignorance and envy will fuel rumors that get repeated until they morph into common knowledge . "
Dilbert says , " Resources will be allocated based on misinformation and favoritism . "
Dilbert says , " And requirements will drift until the project is both undesirable and impossible . "
Dilbert says , " That brings us to the second week . "
Asok says , " I want my unwarranted optimism back . "
UPDATE : Because the McCain campaign is still refusing to release McCain ’s medical records , and refuses to say a word of explanation about McCain ’s strange facial convulsions that have now been repeatedly caught on film in the past few weeks , I ’m bumping this post .
America deserves to know if John McCain , who is 72 years old and has 4 bouts of serious melanoma , and who has been acting erratically and confused of late , is physically or mentally ill and not coming clean about it .
UPDATE : There ’s now slow - motion video making it painfully clear that something is wrong .
Here ’s the video .
It ’s gotten over 100,000 views on YouTube in just 4 days .
Americans are clearly interested in knowing what is wrong with John McCain ’s health :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haIAN02tlLM]
You can copy and email this link to send this video to your friends :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=haIAN02tlLM
Here are still images from the video , capturing McCain ’s facial convulsion .
Click the pictures to see larger images .
In the post below , we showed a scene that just took place in which McCain was momentarily confused on stage , not knowing where to go .
We posted the video because it was funny .
But Joe just realized that literally seconds before McCain became confused on stage , his face twitched or convulsed twice .
Look at the photos above and below .
They ’re from around 5 seconds ( above ) and 11 second ( below ) into the video Joe posted below .
It happened twice .
First in a rather major way at 5 seconds , then more minor at 10 /11 seconds .
You can see McCain ’s left eye twitch closed , and at the same time , the left corner of his lip twitched upwards – it ’s especially pronounced in the 4th photo above .
What is going on with McCain ’s health ?
This is n’t normal .
And it happened right before he became confused and could n’t figure out how to get off the stage .
At some point , the corporate media needs to do its job and stop being a bunch of politically correct wimps .
We just saw – AGAIN – something go physically wrong with McCain ’s face .
It ’s not the first time it ’s happened , we documented it before .
But the media refuses to ask McCain what is wrong with him because , well , it ’s not clear why .
McCain is 72 years old , was tortured for five years ( which could n’t have done wonders to his health ) , and then had 4 bouts of serious melanoma .
His health is an issue , and he has never fully released his medical records in a way that permits anyone to actually peruse them correctly – he only permitted reports to look at each page of his medical records for about 10 seconds before switching to another page .
And no one was permitted to copy or take with any of the records .
They ’re now back under lock and key .
Below is the second twitch / convulsion right before McCain finished and became befuddled .
Since the corporate media is n’t do its job , and the McCain campaign wo n’t release his records , we have to turn to you .
Would any doctors out there please give me an analysis of what could be causing this ?
Here ’s something interesting from Wikipedia :
Several conditions can cause a facial paralysis , e.g. , brain tumor , stroke , and Lyme disease .
However , if no specific cause can be identified , the condition is known as Bell ’s Palsy .
Another theory being discussed in the comments is a mini-stroke .
Another theory being discussed by a number of doctors who have written me is mini-strokes , or “ transient ischemic attacks . ”
Tarunaai - the youth .
This blog expresses my thoughts ( as a young man in his 20's ) about anything .
I wo n't say I like to keep things simple .
I would rather say that I can't write complex sentences .
PS3 Screaming Skull Protective Mask Cover is scary
No matter what piece of tech you have in your home , you are going to want to customize it .
It ’s just human nature .
That ’s why we wear different clothes and buy fancy cars .
It ’s only natural that we ’d want to dress up our tech as well .
If you have a PS3 , this Screaming Skull Protective Mask Cover will no doubt be an interesting addition to your gaming system .
There are plenty of skins for consoles , and plenty of them are downright ugly .
But this one is different , to say the least .
With the protruding skull design , it looks like something is trying to force its way out of your console .
Pretty intimidating - looking and just in time for Halloween .
The good thing is this is not a skin , so you do n’t have to worry about that residue should you decide to replace it but your PS3 will still be protected from scratches .
Get your own Screaming Skull for $ 10.99 .
[ via Chip Chick ]
Barring a dramatic change of course , the San Francisco 49ers plan to fire head coach Mike Nolan after the team 's game against Seattle on Sunday , a source told ESPN's Michael Smith on Monday .
Next week is the 49ers ' bye week .
Nolan is expected to be replaced by assistant head coach Mike Singletary .
When reached by ESPN , a 49ers spokesman said : " We do n't respond to speculation .
We are focused on Seattle . "
Nolan , 49 , is in his fourth season with the Niners , posting an 18 - 37 record .
San Francisco is 2 - 5 this season and has lost four in a row .
The 49ers are 23rd in both offense and defense in the league .
The 49ers have had five straight losing seasons and are 4 - 12 , 7 - 9 and 5 - 11 in three full seasons under Nolan , who was retained after last season , which saw Scot McCloughan , their top personnel executive , formally anointed as general manager with a contract extension and a raise .
The 49ers have n't made the playoffs in Mike Nolan 's first three seasons .
Richard Allan / Icon SMI
Nolan previously had the final say on all football decisions .
He and McCloughan have made joint decisions on personnel issues , but McCloughan has had the final say .
" I will remain the one voice in this organization , and the face , " Nolan said at the conclusion of the 2007 season .
" I do n't believe it will change at all .
The important thing is that we will maintain the relationship . "
Entering this season , Nolan had two years remaining on a five - year , $ 8 million deal .
Michael Smith covers the NFL for ESPN .
Star Wars Characters and Gadgets are a major source of attraction for Star Fans and non-fans as well .
There are many characters and models that we come across , so it was hard to select the ones to use .
This Star Wars Characters collection includes many great Star wars toys , new gadgets , electronics , models and additional modifications of the popular series .
I must admit I enjoy the movies immensely but am not a major fan who stood in line for the films , bought any boxed sets , collected figurines , or followed any of the Jedi code .
Still , gathering up this list was a fun time .
Here you can find some ( there is no way you can gather everything ) great Star Wars Characters in Gadgets and Mods for Star Wars Geeks , Fans , and Followers .
Some of these are so great , you do not have to be a fan to want one .
1 R2 -D2 Home Video Projector
Now this R2 - D2 video projector Star Wars character gadget is pretty amazing .
This home video projector is in the true size of R2 - D2 , it drives around like the little robot , and projects videos , TV and games beautifully .
It is not just a cheap toy and can definitely be used as a true video projector .
2 Millenium Falcon PC
Another great Star Wars mod was introduced by Russ Caslis at Mods .
Xkill with all the before images , steps that were taken and final amazing Star Wars finish .
Han Solo ’s ship was recreated as a powerful PC that stays true to the model .
3 X - Wing Fighter Mouse
Also build by Russ Caslis who made the Millenium Falcon , this wireless mouse is a beautiful Star Wars mod that is like art .
The creativity and imagination involved alone deserve praise .
4 Light Sabers
I have mentioned before that my brother always dreamed of Becoming a Real Transformer and a Jedi Knight .
At least with these light sabers , he could be a step closer to acting like a Jedi . with three different Light Sabers available from ThinkGeek.com , many could hold the powerful weapon to use for intimidation or fear .
The video below presents Yoda ’s saber and its green glow .
5 Millenium Falcon Wii Mod
Han Solo ’s ship was always appreciated in the movies , even though it was a little old ( considering ) .
This Star Wars Nintendo Wii
Mod is a cool transformation of combining it with a hi tech gaming console from today .
6 R2 -D2 Watch
For those that simply can’t stay away from the little robot , here comes a watch where you can take R2 - D2 with you and also control it with the watch .
Using a little IR transmitter , this star wars watch seen at Slippery Brick controls the cool character .
7 Darth Vader Wall Clock
GeekAlerts presented this amazing Darth Vader Wall clock that has sound effects and evil eyes .
Still , Darth Vader is a villain for the History Books , so it makes it a perfect Time telling Star Wars gadget .
8 Star Wars Characters Nutcrackers
This Star Wars Characters Nutcracker Set consists of Darth Vader , Yoda , and R2 - D2 characters .
It does n’t have to be a Christmas Gift , for it is like a collectible figurine many fans would love any day .
9 Tie Fighter Case Mod
This PC Case Mod is from a few years ago on ExtremeTech , but is an amazing Star Wars mod .
Besides being created to look like the Tie Fighter , it is actually a PC case and also holds the entire computer ensemble .
The two images show this Star wars creation with the light on …and off .
10 Vader and Stormrooper Phone Flashers
Darth Vader makes a great appearance along with the Stormtrooper to let you know you have a phone call .
RandomGoodstuff presented this as a great office toy that let you know when a call is received by flashing lights and spinning heads .
Hey , a great office Star Wars gadget can never be bad .
11 Star wars Floppy Hack
Star Wars movies are also popular for the musical themes involved , and this Star Wars Theme Floppy Drive is a great rendition and tribute .
12 Miniature R2 - D2 RC
Figure
Controlled by a light saber Remote Control , this miniature star Wars character R2 - D2 from ThinkGeek.com is great Star wars gadget for kids and adults .
On the one hand you get to control a Star Wars character using a light saber , and on the other hand … it is R2 - D2 .
Gotta love it !
13 Mini LED Flashlight – Light Sabers
A great Star Wars gadget keychain was presented by GeekAlerts that brings the amazing Light saber weapon with a handy practical flashlight .
Moreover , it fits in you pocket and attaches as a keychain , so you wo n’t have to worry about forgetting it behind .
14 Stormtrooper Voice Changing Helmet
Crunchgear mentioned this was voted as Top Tech toy , but the video makes you raise some eyebrows .
Is it really a stormtrooper voice changing helmet ?
This could let you reenact special scenes , make some of your own , and be your very own stormtrooper .
If it really worked like claimed .
15 R2 - D2 Computer Case Mod
We previously visited our little robot friend R2 - D2 in the Top Computer Case Mods Collection which was not dedicated to Star Wars mods only .
Here R2 - D2 makes a second appearance which is well deserved .
16 Star Wars Characters Flash Drives
The Star Wars Characters USB drives are a great productive gadget that comes in attractive character casing .
These new gadgets are a great way to have your files with you at all times within a good looking USB Flash drive .
Like right - wing nut job Janet Porter before them , James Dobson ’s Focus On The Family are predicting what the States will look like after four years of of an Obama administration .
It is a lavender - tinged dystopia , of course :
The Bible can no longer be freely preached over radio or television stations when the subject matter includes such ‘ offensive ’ doctrines as criticizing homosexual behavior . ”
In addition , “ churches have no freedom to refuse to allow their buildings to be used for wedding ceremonies for homosexual couples . ” and “ homosexuals are now given special bonuses for enlisting in military service . ”
…
The U.S. Supreme Court has “ nullified all Federal Communications Commission restrictions on obscene speech or visual content in radio and television broadcasts .
As a result , television programs at all hours of the day contain explicit portrayals of sexual acts . ”
Well , if that ’s the case , we ’re definitely voting for Obama !
Unique Byzantine Mosaics Unearthed in Bulgaria 's Kyustendil
Tweet
Share
Send to Kindle A team of Bulgarian archaeologists discovered Wednesday unique mosaics from Byzantine times during excavation works in the town of Kyustendil .
Photo by Darik News
A team of Bulgarian archaeologists discovered Wednesday unique mosaics from Byzantine times during excavation works in the town of Kyustendil .
Photo by Darik News
A team of Bulgarian archaeologists discovered Wednesday unique mosaics from Byzantine times during excavation works in the town of Kyustendil .
The beautiful findings , which are drawn mainly with geometrical figures , once tiled the floors of official halls in a Byzantine private house , the experts reported .
" The names of the home 's owners are written on the mosaics and it is the first time when such artifacts have been discovered in Bulgaria , " the chief archaeologist Rumen Spasov explained .
" The names we could read are Diofanes and Diogenia , who probably were among the riches people at the time , " he added .
Spasov said the building unearthed testify to the attack of the leader of the Hunnic Empire
Attila ( 406 - 453 ) on these territories .
The team of archaeologists has worked on the terrain for about six months .
We need your support so Novinite.com can keep delivering news and information about Bulgaria !
Thank you !
Advertisement
Advertisement
Expats.bg
Thedevelopment of commercial suborbital space vehicles should lead eventually tobusinesses such as commercial hypersonic point - to - point air travel and low - costlaunches to low Earth orbit , according to spaceship builders , venturecapitalists and other entrepreneurs who gathered here October 22 - 23 to takepart in the International Symposium for Personal and Commercial Spaceflight .
The key to making those businessesprofitable will be achieving safe , affordable and reliable access to space , Jeff Greason , president of XCOR Aerospace of Mojave , Calif. , said at the conference , which washosted by the New Mexico Space Grant Consortium .
The privatesuborbital flight enterprise ?
builds up the infrastructure we need to go dothe bigger and better things , ?
he added .
Space fordecades has been so expensive , so unreliable , so unsafe , making it extremelydifficult to do any reliable planning , Greason suggested .
?
And we ?ve known fordecades and decades and decades that the solution is you haveto have vehicles that can get you up and down into space with , perhaps notwith the reliability of current airplanes , but maybe more like the reliabilityof high - performance military aircraft .?
Thesuborbital market is critical , Greason continued , because it will whet the appetite forcompetitive vehicles ?
to get bigger , better , higher and faster , ? which willlead to orbital spacecraft .
? The only way we ?re going to figureout how to do this stuff is to do it , ?
Greason said .
XCOR has started buildinga two - seatsuborbital spaceship - dubbed Lynx - that will carry people or payloads .
Regarding the ability of start - upspace organizations that can be fleet - of - foot , contrasted to the sluggish andbureaucratic nature of traditional aerospace companies , Greason said : ? I see in a few people I know inthe larger companies a dawning recognition that , maybe instead of the dinosaursbuying the mammals and stomping on them , they should work with them .
We canconquer whole new territories together .?
Hypersonic point - to - point
KevinBowcutt , chief scientist of hypersonics for the Boeing Company , took a longerview at affordable , routine and rapid point - to - point travel .
?
It ?s a quantumjump from Mach 3 suborbital flight ?
to getting a third of the way around theworld , ?
he said .
Work now is under way on suborbital vehicles that will helpvalidate markets , Bowcutt noted , and also get money and technology flowing toenable viable hypersonic vehicles in the future .
Bowcuttspotlighted a number of hypersonic vehicle projects , including Boeing ? stechnical participation in the Hypersonic International Flight ResearchExperimentation ( HIFiRE ) program - a collaborative project involving Boeing , several Australian entities , as well as the Air Force Research Laboratory .
Constructingan ocean - hopping hypersonic craft is going to require an international effort , Bowcutt said .
?
There is no real easy shortcut .
It ?s about 10 years and maybe$ 10 billion [ as an initial research and development effort ] . ?
There is no one country ?
there ?
sno one company ?
that can take on the risk and the cost of developing ahypersonic point - to - point vehicle or an orbital system .
So we ?re going to haveto share this cost ?
share the risk , ?
Bowcutt said , but doing so also would increase the market , headded .
? To getlong distances quickly and avoid sonic boom and heating issues - some of thattrajectory has to be suborbital and now you ?re pushing up to Mach 10 and above .
There ?s just no way to get around that from a physics point - of - view , ?
Bowcuttsaid .
Changing space domain
PeterWegner , director of the Operationally Responsive Space ( ORS ) Office at Kirtland Air Force Base in Albuquerque , N.M. , is keeping an eye on the emergence of private suborbital vehicles .
At the sametime the U.S. Department of Defense ?s reliance on space capabilities isgrowing , ?the space domain is changing , headded , noting that more than 40 countries are developing activespace programs that involve design , launch and operating spacecraft .
? Spaceprotection and robust space capabilities are becoming more and more important , ?
Wegner said .
The ORS effort is aimed atreconstituting lost space capabilities or augmenting existing capabilities inthe event of a crisis to meet tactical needs .
The ORSOffice is taking on the challenge of meeting the critical needs of aJoint Force Commander in only a matter of days , Wegner said .
One of the approaches will be thedevelopment of cubesat technologies - ultrasmall , low - cost , low - weightspacecraft innovations that are common to the personal laptop computerindustry , he emphasized .
Wegner toldSpace News that emerging suborbital tourist systems offer ?
greatpotential ? to his ORS efforts .
As example , the WhiteKnightTwocarrier plane , designed to tote to drop altitude the SpaceShipTwosuborbital passenger - carrying craft , could be used - sans SpaceShipTwo - as aflying launch pad for lofting rapid response satellites , Wegner noted .
? The trickis how do we take that space and put on a usable payload and then a rocketmotor that will accelerate [ that payload ] to orbital velocity , ?
Wegner said .
?
Ithink we ?ll get there ?
but we ?re not there at the moment .
As these systemsmature and develop , I ? m keeping a very close eye on what they are doing .
It ? ssort of one of these things where we are kind of on parallel paths , but wehaven ?t collided yet .?
WhiteKnightTwo - first flight ?
Meanwhile , work is progressing on the first flight of Scaled Composites ?
WhiteKnightTwoairplane at the Mojave Air and Space Port in Mojave , Calif .
Accordingto Michael Blum , founder and managing director of Hong Kong - based Repulse BayCapital Ltd. , the megaplane is being readiedfor its maiden takeoff .
Blum is aticket - holder for a future suborbital trek .
He recently received an update onupcoming tests of the WhiteKnightTwo - SpaceShipTwo system from Virgin Galactic - the spaceliner operation bankrolled by lofty minded U.K. billionaire , RichardBranson .
Blum saidthat extensive ground testing of WhiteKnightTwo equipment has been carried outin Mojave , evaluations that have culminated in a recent high - speed taxi run .
The first flight of the aircraft is anticipated in two to three weeks , he said .
Present projections point to the first voyage of SpaceShipTwo takingplace at the end of 2009 , Blum said , with a minimum of 30 flights priorto a decision that the WhiteKnightTwo - SpaceShipTwosystem is ready to begin commercial operations .
? We all want to go as soon aspossible .
But at the same time , I ? m a strong advocate among the ticket - holdersof letting Scaled and Virgin do their job properly .
We need a safe and reliablesystem , ?
Blum told conference attendees .
? We need tocommercialize space operations and human spaceflight .
It ?s extremely importantfor Virgin Galactic to end up being a successful venture .
It would be catastrophicif the system were to be put into service too early ?
and it would probably putsuborbital spaceflight on the back burner for the next couple of decades .
Wecan ?t afford that , ?
Blum said .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev promised more missile tests
Russia has test - fired another three intercontinental ballistic missiles , a day after claiming a distance record for a missile fired from a submarine .
President Dmitri Medvedev , who watched two of the launches , said they proved Russia 's missile defences were strong .
Two new systems were being developed , he added , giving no details .
Two of the latest launches took place at either end of the country , one from the Barents Sea , east of Norway , and the other from north of Japan .
A third was watched on land in north - west Russia by Mr Medvedev , who promised further launches in future .
Russia said Saturday 's test missile , also watched by Mr Medvedev from an aircraft carrier , travelled more than 11,500 km ( 7,145 miles ) , an all - time distance record , the Kremlin claimed .
Furious at US missile defence plans in eastern Europe and moves to expand the US - led Nato alliance towards Moscow 's sphere of influence , the Kremlin has been flexing its military muscle .
Russia is sending a naval squadron to Venezuela in November for exercises and last year , then - President Vladimir Putin ordered the resumption of long - abandoned patrols by strategic bombers .
Rather than recommending that Americans cut back on their excessive consumer lifestyle , an anti-immigration group has released an advertisement touting controversial research that has claimed immigrants ’ carbon footprints quadruple in size after moving to the US .
The group , Californians for Population Stabilization , does not advocate that Americans themselves have fewer children , nor do they promote any other type of change to the American lifestyle .
In fact , this is the first time they have mentioned global warming in any of their campaigns.[ social_buttons ]
Brent A. Wilkes , the executive director of the League of United Latin American Citizens , responded to the ad by pointing out that Latin - American immigrants actually drive about half as much as the typical American .
“ The ad is utter nonsense , ” added Reshma Shamasunder , director of the California Immigrant Policy Center .
“ It uses information from CIS , which is clearly an anti-immigration group . ”
For more information and a clip of the ad , watch this Salinas , CA newscast :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/v/n2JvUy8_6EY&hl=en&fs=1]
Photo Credit : Swanksalot on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
You ’ve probably only just got Easy Street – the song used to torture Daryl ( and the rest of us ) in episode 3 of The Walking Dead season 7 – out of your heads but , sorry , it ’s about to become a catchy earworm yet again .
Especially as it turns out to be a bit of a continuity error .
Kudos to ComicBook.com for pointing out that Easy Street by the Collapsable Hearts Club was actually released on iTunes November 4 , 2016 , six years after the show first aired .
With the show presumably taking place ( roughly ) in real - time up until now , just how did Dwight get his hands on a recording of a song that came out so long after the dead started to walk ?
It could be easy to dismiss it as just another use of contemporary music in the show ’s soundtrack , but Daryl hears it over and over and over in ‘ real life ’ .
My theory ?
The producers were entranced Hypnotoad - style and were forced to put it in , causing a continuity error .
Besides , I ca n’t think of any big events that have happened recently that would cause the downfall of civilisation as we know it …
Image : AMC
FancyZoom 1.1 Update : Version 1.1 released 2/8/08 .
Good bug fixes +
Opera compatibility !
... so I fought back the charging Guanaco , immediately hopped on my paraglider , and basically caught the first flight out of Chile — but not without dealing with some cantankerous customs inspectors while drinking a cool glass of chicha .
Really sorry it took so long !
But hey , two years later , it 's finally done !
Smooth Javascript Image Zooming For Your Web Pages
This much - requested chunk of Javascript to zoom images inline , originally written for this blog but later rolled out to the Panic website and used for screenshots , is now polished up , bug - fixed , available for you to use on your website !
Designed to view full - size photos and images inline without requiring a separate web page load , FancyZoom 's raison d’être ( French for " raisin - determination " ) is providing a smooth , clean , truly Mac - like effect , almost like it 's a function of Safari itself .
Since I originally wrote this script , there are now a lot of image zoomers to choose from ( including a similar effect now on Apple 's own site ! ) , such as the popular ( and inspiring ) Lightbox .
So you might be asking : " Cabel , why use FancyZoom ? "
Well , here 's why !
Focused on the smoothest , most polished zooming animation possible
Automatically scales images from any image link , with no HTML changes
Preloads full - size images in the background on link mouseover
No resource - heavy Javascript libraries — 100 % coded from scratch to zoom
Draws a nice drop shadow under the full - size image to offset it from the page
Uses Safari 3's " box - shadow " feature to draw the drop shadow natively , no images required
Requires only two new lines of code in your HTML
Tested and works with Safari , Firefox , IE7 , and IE6 .
( Looks better in modern browsers . ) ... so I fought back the charging Guanaco , immediately hopped on my paraglider , and basically caught the first flight out of Chile — but not without dealing with some cantankerous customs inspectors while drinking a cool glass of .
Really sorry it took so long !
But hey , two years later , it 's finally done ! , originally written for this blog but later rolled out to the Panic website and used for screenshots , is now polished up , bug - fixed , Designed to view full - size photos and images inline without requiring a separate web page load , FancyZoom 's raison d’être ( French for " raisin - determination " ) is providing a smooth , clean , truly Mac - like effect , almost like it 's a function of Safari itself .
Since I originally wrote this script , there are now a lot of image zoomers to choose from ( including a similar effect now on Apple 's own site ! ) , such as the popular ( and inspiring ) Lightbox .
So you might be asking : " Cabel , why use FancyZoom ? "
Well , Since FancyZoom is so easy to add to a web page , I encourage you to give it a try !
Instructions Installing FancyZoom on your web pages should be dead simple .
1 Download the FancyZoom package , right here :
FancyZoom 1.1.zip ( 53 KB )
2 Using Using Transmit ( or your favorite FTP client ) , upload the two folders inside the package to the root of your webserver .
3 Add the following two lines of code to the < head > section at the top of your web page (s ) :
< script src= "/js-global/FancyZoom.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script >
< script src="/js-global/FancyZoomHTML.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script >
4 Add onload=" setupZoom ( ) " inside your page 's existing < body > tag .
For example :
< body id =" whatever " [...] onload=" setupZoom ( ) " >
5 Whoah .
You 're done !
The rest is automatic — links to images in your page will automatically zoom the images .
For example :
< a href= " image.jpg " >< img src=" image -thumbnail.jpg " /></a> will zoom up image. jpg when clicked .
Additional Details
There are a few extra notes that you might find useful .
Want to add a caption ?
Add a title tag in your href .
That 's it !
FancyZoom will use the size of the first element in the href to determine the initial size and location of the zoom .
FancyZoom works best if you wrap your href around a thumbnail , but also works from text - only links to images .
FancyZoom will attach itself to any jpg , gif , png , bmp , or tiff link in your page .
If you 're a Javascript hacker , FancyZoom 's flexible fadeIn and fadeOut functions can be used for all sorts of fun stuff .
If you explicitly do n't want an image to zoom , add a rel= " nozoom " tag to your href .
Example
It 's both an example , and some random pictures from Macworld Expo 2008 !
Release Notes Version 1.1 released 2/8/2008 .
Improved Opera compatibility
Fixed an issue that would cause crazy infinite zooming
Now returns alt - clicks and command - clicks back to the browser , for standard behavior ( open in new tab , etc. )
License FancyZoom is totally free for your non-commercial website .
In a bit of an experiment : if your website is commercial ( i.e. makes you money ) , you can license FancyZoom for $ 39 per site , a one - time fee .
Instantly add nice image zooming to your site .
Enjoy I hope you and your websites enjoy FancyZoom .
If you make any cool changes or improvements , let me know !
And if you have awesome feedback , or find weird bugs , drop word in the comments .
Installing FancyZoom on your web pages should be dead simple .
There are a few extra notes that you might find useful .
It 's both an example , and some random pictures from Macworld Expo 2008 !
released 2/8/2008 .FancyZoom is
In a bit of an experiment :( i.e. makes you money ) , you canper site , a one - time fee .
Instantly add nice image zooming to your site .
Click here to instantly and securely buy a license .
I hope you and your websites enjoy FancyZoom .
And if you have awesome feedback , or find weird bugs , drop word in the comments .
© 2006 Cabel Sasser
PRINCETON , NJ --
The latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking report shows Barack Obama maintaining a 52 % to 41 % lead over John McCain , unchanged from Wednesday 's report .
These results , based on Oct. 6 - 8 polling , include one day of interviewing after Tuesday 's debate in Nashville and come amid continuing consumer anxiety about the economy .
Several of Gallup 's economic tracking measures are as negative as has been measured at any time since daily tracking began this year .
( To view the complete trend since March 7 , 2008 , click here . )
Signifying a general stability in the race , Obama has maintained a share of the vote between 48 % and 52 % over the last two weeks , while McCain 's share during that same time period has been between 41 % and 45 % .
The next and final presidential debate will be held Wednesday , Oct. 15 at Hofstra University in New York .
-- Frank Newport
( Click here to see how the race currently breaks down by demographic subgroup . )
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The general - election results are based on combined data from Oct. 6 - 8 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 2,761 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on landline telephones ( for respondents with a landline telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
The DNA 's double helix -- the sub-microscopic core of our life -- has been the subject of intense study and scrutiny for decades .
Observations and measurements at the scale of DNA are tricky .
The distance between the rungs in DNA 's ladder ( or base pairs ) , for example , was thought to be barely over 3 millionths of a millimeter , or 3.4 Å ( angstroms ) .
And this ladder has been typically assumed to be very rigid .
But now a team of Stanford scientists , supported in part by the National Science Foundation , have used a novel molecular ruler to cast doubts on this picture .
Using this molecular ruler , they marked each end of a snippet of DNA with electron - dense gold nanocrystals .
These markers scattered X - rays directed at the sample differently than the rest of the molecules , and allowed for a more precise calculation .
The double helix of DNA has been thought to behave as a stiff elastic rod .
However , current research has shown it is much softer than previously thought .
The rungs of the DNA 's ladder , or base pairs , can compress or elongate , coming up to 10 percent closer or farther apart than the average .
Most surprisingly , the scientists found that if a base pair had compressed , the base pairs for at least the next two turns of the double helix were more likely to be compressed as well .
Because this study has shown that regions of DNA affect neighboring regions , this might mean that proteins binding to DNA communicate at greater molecular distances than previously thought .
Credit : Zina Deretsky , National Science Foundation
The observations led the Stanford team to discover that DNA is much softer than previously thought .
Variation - - both compression and stretching -- was observed .
Most surprisingly , the team found that if a base pair had compressed , the base pairs in at least the next two turns of the double helix were more likely to be compressed as well .
These observations have important ramifications for biologists looking at proteins binding to DNA , such as transcription factors regulating gene expression .
Because this study has shown regions of DNA affecting the behavior of neighboring regions , it could mean that proteins binding to the DNA could communicate across greater molecular distances than previously thought .
- NSF -
Friday , 24 Oct , 2008 Science
The More Old Friends You Have the Happier You Are , Scientist Say
According to a new study , happiness depends on the number of old friends .
The study of British scientists revealed that the happiest people are those who have more old friends .
Those who have at least ten good old pals were happier than those who have less than five old friends .
The lead researcher , Dr Richard Tunney of the University of Nottingham , said that individual happiness depends on how many close friendships one has .
Those who were very happy with their life had twice as many friends as people who were highly dissatisfied .
The results of the study were based on a poll carried out by Tunney and his colleagues for the National Lottery , reported The Sun .
Researchers interviewed 1,760 people , asking them about their relationships with old friends and the level of life satisfaction .
The results showed that those who had a maximum of five friends were 40 percent more likely to be happy with life .
People that had between five and ten friends were 50 percent chance of being happy with life and people with more than 10 friends have the highest chances of happiness .
The happiest city in terms of friendship in Britain was Birmingham and its antipode is Brighton , which is , according to the results of the study , rather unhappy .
( CNN ) --
The wife of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama told CNN's Larry King on Wednesday that she is not offended by a much - publicized comment made toward her husband in Tuesday night 's debate .
Michelle Obama talks about Williams Ayers , Hillary Clinton and her husband 's campaign on Larry King Live .
In the presidential matchup at Belmont University in Nashville , Tennessee , GOP nominee John McCain criticized his Democratic rival for supporting the 2007 Bush - Cheney energy bill .
" It was an energy bill on the floor of the Senate , loaded down with goodies , billions for oil companies , and it was sponsored by Bush and Cheney .
...
You know who voted for it ?
You might never know .
That one , " he said , gesturing toward Obama .
" You know who voted against it ?
Me . "
When asked whether McCain 's reference to Obama as " that one " was offensive , Michelle Obama simply said " No , " adding that the issue has nothing to do with what 's affecting average Americans hurting from the economic downturn .
" I think there are two conversations that have been going on throughout this whole election .
There 's the conversation that 's been happening with the pundits ... and then there 's the conversation that 's been happening on the ground , " she said .
Watch Michelle Obama talk about McCain 's comment »
She said Americans " right now are scared " and " nervous about the economy . "
" They do n't care about the back and forth between the candidates .
...
They want real answers about how we 're going to fix this economy and get the health care benefits on track so , you know , this is part of politics , " she added .
King asked Obama about the McCain camp bringing up her husband 's ties to William Ayers .
Ayers was a founding member of the Weather Underground , a 1960s radical group known for bombings of police stations , the Pentagon and the U.S. Capitol .
Fact Check : Is Obama ' palling around with terrorists '?
Ayers is a university professor who lives on the South Side of Chicago , where Obama cut his political teeth .
Michelle Obama said her husband served on a Chicago education board with Ayers .
" I do n't know anyone in Chicago who is heavily involved in education policy who does n't know Bill Ayers , " she said .
" But , you know , again I go back to the point that , you know , the American people are n't asking these questions . "
" You do n't think it affects the campaign ? "
King asked .
" You know , I think that we 've been in this for 20 months and people have gotten to know Barack .
He 's written a book , books have been written about him .
He , like all of the other candidates have been thoroughly vetted .
And I think people know Barack Obama .
Watch Michelle Obama discuss William Ayers »
" They know his heart , they know his spirit , and the thing that I just encourage people is to judge Barack and judge all of these candidates based on what they do , their actions , their character , what they do in their lives rather than what somebody [ else ] did when they were 8 . "
Michelle Obama was referring to the fact that Ayers allegedly committed his most radical acts when Barack Obama was a child .
McCain 's running mate , Gov. Sarah Palin , has lobbed some intense attacks on Barack Obama over the Ayers issue .
" Our opponent is someone who sees America as imperfect enough to pal around with terrorists who targeted their own country , " Palin told a crowd of supporters this week .
King played the clip and asked Michelle Obama if that statement made her " mad . "
Obama replied , " I do n't watch it . "
" What do you make of her running for a vice president and having many kids and being a good parent and bouncing all the balls ? "
King asked .
" I think she provides an excellent of example of all the different roles that women can and should play , " Michelle Obama responded .
" I 'm a mother with kids and I 've had a career and I 've had to juggle .
She 's doing publicly what so many women are doing on their own privately .
What we 're fighting for is to make sure that all women have the choices that Sarah Palin and I have . "
At one point , King asked her if her husband likes McCain .
" Do these two candidates , as has been reported , not like each other ? "
King asked .
" I can only speak for Barack , and I know that Barack has the utmost respect for Sen. McCain .
He said so on so many occasions , " she said .
" I think this has been a long , tough fight .
And politics sometimes leads to things said between the candidates .
But again , what we found is that people are really focused on who is going to -- who has got the vision that 's going to take us to the next level ? "
She said campaigning is exhausting but she likes it more than she expected .
" When I 'm tired , I get more energy coming out of a rally where I get the -- get hugs and I see people on the rope lines tearing up because they never thought they 'd see this moment , " she said .
" I see kids who are focused and engaged in a way that I 've never seen before .
That gives us both energy . "
Obama also talked about Sen. Hillary Clinton .
" Are you happy with the way she 's supporting your husband ? "
King asked .
" She has been phenomenal .
... She has always been just cordial and open .
I 've called her , I 've talked to her .
She 's given me advice about the kids , " Obama said .
Watch Michelle Obama call Hillary Clinton ' phenomenal ' »
" We 've talked at length about this kind of stuff -- how you feel , how you react .
She has been amazing .
She is a real pro and a woman with character . "
CNN political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this report .
All About Michelle Obama • Barack Obama • John McCain
An entrepreneur 's quest to use satellites to bring high - speed Internet service to poor , remote countries is nearing liftoff with a major investment from some big names , including Google Inc. the WSJ reports .
On Tuesday , O3 b Networks ( named after " other three billion people " ) founded and run by 38 - year - old telecommunications entrepreneur Greg Wyler , is expected to announce plans to launch as many as 16 satellites that could provide service to Africa , the Middle East and parts of Latin America by the end of 2010 .
The undertaking , expected to cost about $ 650 million , has initial backing of about $ 60 million from investors that include HSBC Holdings PLC , Allen & Company , and Liberty Global Inc. , in addition to Google .
Read full story : Wall Street Journal
CALISTOGA , California ( CNN ) -- Bill and Sharon Kastrinos practice the ultimate in minimalism .
They 've squeezed into a 154 - square - foot home that looks more like a kid 's playhouse than their previous 1,800 - square - foot home .
The Kastrinos moved into this tiny home from an 1,800 - square - foot place .
With the economy crashing , the Kastrinos traded in their spacious kitchen for one that stretches barely an arm 's length .
It has n't been without its challenges , but Sharon Kastrinos says it 's exhilarating to no longer feel compelled to keep up with the Joneses .
" There 's a tremendous burden that 's off your shoulders , " she says .
" Small is OK , and it might even be better . "
Her husband adds that most Americans " want to be seen in their big house with a big car . "
But not them , not anymore .
" I do n't think bigger is better , " he says .
Bill Kastrinos had been in the construction business in Southern California .
But when the real estate market went bust , it forced the couple to reconsider their lifestyle .
Watch what life is like in a home the size of a shed »
Now , they live in a place so small , he and his wife use a ladder to climb into their bed every night .
The downstairs has a sitting area , tiny kitchen and bathroom in a space that 's 98 square feet .
The upstairs loft has a bed in 56 square feet of space .
They keep extra clothes in their car .
" It 's a very simple lifestyle , " he says .
" The downside of it is it takes a readjustment .
You can't have 100 pairs of shoes in the closet or 50 outfits . "
The upside ?
The house cost them $ 15,000 , and the utilities are a mere $ 15 a month .
The couple now live on property owned by their daughter in California wine country , where the average home in 2007 cost $ 725,000 .
If they want to leave , the home has wheels and can be pulled behind their vehicle and plugged into any RV park in the nation .
The family still has their 1,800 - square - foot home , but they will probably sell it .
The house is too expensive , they say , costing them about $ 1,500 a month in mortgage payments , plus another $ 160 in utilities .
The change to their shed - like home has been so dramatic that Bill Kastrinos is now building the tiny homes to sell .
He 's sold 11 in six months , most of them in the range of $ 15,000 to $ 20,000 .
Clients range from people on welfare to retirees on fixed income , he says .
Inquiries about the homes are on the rise , he adds .
The Kastrinoses might be extreme in their shedding the traditional American dream , but others are trying it too .
iReport :
Do you live in a small space ?
Show us how you make it work
In nearby Sebastopol , California , Jay Shafer designs tiny homes and has even started a blog about living on less .
His homes have a designer feel -- interior wood paneling , stainless steel kitchens , built - in bookcases -- packed into a space about the size of walk - in closets of upscale homes .
His smallest home has 65 square feet ; his biggest ( a three - bedroom place ) has 774 square feet .
" I look around and I do see a lot of people who seem they 're slaves to their homes , " he says .
" I did n't want to pay rent or a mortgage forever .
So my plan was to escape the rat race . "
Is he trying to make a political statement , or is his new way of life about being practical ?
" It 's both , " he says , his head touching the vaulted ceiling from his bed .
" It 's a very practical thing for me .
If I did n't have a 100 - square - foot house , I probably would n't be able to afford to live in this county .
Aside from that , politically speaking , I like the idea of showing people how little a person could need . "
By sizing down , he says he 's living on a total of $ 15,000 a year .
He does n't have to worry about not making a mortgage payment and gets to work a job that he enjoys .
" Living in a small house has allowed me to do what I love doing , which is designing more small houses , " he says .
He , too , has purged junk and other items , donating most of it to the Salvation Army and to friends .
" It does feel good , " he says .
" I do n't miss the extra books , the extra clothes I never wore . "
He 's married , but there 's not enough space for his spouse in his place .
He 's designing her a nearby place that 's about triple the size of his : 280 square feet .
He admits a tiny house is n't for everybody .
But with the economy in a tailspin , he says , he does n't worry one bit about it , thanks to his newfound lifestyle .
It 's peace of mind you can't put a price on .
" I do n't think I have anything to worry about , " he says .
" I 've made more money , and I can save all of it and still go out to eat . "
All About National Economy • Personal Finance
$ 10,000 WPT ® Bounty Series The World Poker Tour® Family Bounty Series featuring WPT's ®
Vince , Tony , Matt  and a very special Guest Bounty , is taking place Get The Bounty ›
$ 100 K Diamond Championship
If you like ClubWPT 's™ commitment to offer $ 100 K per month in cash & prizes , you 'll love the opportunity to play for a $ 100,000 Sign Me Up ›
When will the APK for VidMate 3.47 or 3.50 be Available for Download ?
VidMate is an app you can use on your Android device to download videos from popular sites like YouTube .
Doing so allows you to enjoy lots of videos without incurring large data costs .
Saving a lot of videos and creating a playlist also makes long commutes much more bearable .
Many fans of VidMate are always looking towards the newest release .
It ’s exciting to know what the makers have in store , but release dates are almost difficult to determine .
So it ’s really hard to tell when VidMate 3.47 or VidMate 3.50 will be dropping .
Knowing that VidMate 3.46 has just recently dropped , it ’s safe to assume a version 3.47 is on its way .
That will depend on the issues that need to be fixed and the improvements being planned by VidMate ’s makers .
The exact date of its release is what remains unknown .
Since the makers drop releases pretty frequently , it can be assumed that a new version is coming really soon .
It ’s just the when that ca n’t be accurately determined .
Even harder to figure out are the features or improvements that will come with the new release .
Current noticeable bugs might most likely be patched up in version 3.47 but other than that , it ’s anyone ’s guess .
It ’s always best to keep checking official channels , like the official Facebook page or the official site to see the latest news .
Given that the latest version is still at version 3.46 , the next possible release will be a number that follows in sequence .
In this case , version 3.50 might still be a long while coming .
Then again , VidMate is pretty frequent when it comes to releases so this update might be here sooner than you think .
Just keep an eye on the official channels for updates .
A report on the Troopergate affair to be published today is expected to throw light on to a politician known as a moral crusader but whose values are questioned from right and left
When the man working for Frommer 's , America 's best - selling travel guide , alighted on the small town of Wasilla in south - central Alaska , he concluded glumly that the place should be condemned as " the worst kind of suburban sprawl " .
To the European eye it would barely be a town at all .
Rather , it is a four - lane highway that clatters across the magnificent , mountain - fringed Matanuska - Susitna valley , dumping seven miles of strip - malls , petrol stations and supermarkets in its wake .
Wasilla is home to 9,780 people , hundreds of small businesses , a dozen evangelical Christian churches , and a handful of gun stores .
The churches are places where many of the faithful see signs that judgment day cannot be far away and where the infallibility of the Bible is rarely , if ever , questioned .
The gun stores are places where you can pick up the new Ruger 10 / 22 carbine , the one that comes in bright pink with a 10 - round magazine - " perfect for your wife or daughter " .
Famously , Wasilla is also the home town and launch pad for Sarah Palin , John McCain 's vice - presidential running mate .
Palin is a woman for whom many Republicans have high hopes , despite performances in early television interviews that were so wobbly they have become YouTube classics .
She remains a politician who many in the party would like to believe could be a future president .
Her selection six weeks ago saw a slew of stories about the former beauty queen with the brilliant smile and the carefully styled mom - in - a - hurry hairdo , who could drop a caribou at a thousand paces before skinning it , butchering it , and hauling it home for the freezer .
In a country that regards the wilderness surrounding Wasilla as a last bastion of rugged , can - do libertarianism , her story seemed to be a potent , 21st - century update on America 's central myth .
But Wasilla is no frontier town .
A third of the town 's workforce commute to office jobs in Anchorage , 45 miles to the south .
Many others work in the endless strip malls .
Palin may shoot , fish and ride a snowmobile , but her neighbours are more accustomed to seeing her leap into the 4x4 to drive to the local Starbucks .
Palin's home town represents , at most , the call of the semi-wild .
So if the image of McCain 's running mate as a tough outdoorswoman is part truth and partly a confection of her party 's machine , what are we to make of the rest of the package ?
What will be revealed about her later today with the conclusion of the investigation into the so - called Troopergate affair , in which she is alleged to have abused her power as state governor by sacking the head of the Alaskan state police after he refused to become involved in a family feud ?
Is Palin truly a warrior of the religious right , a woman who advocates the teaching of creationism and who is opposed to abortion , even for victims of rape and incest ?
Would she , as opponents claim , seek to ban books from library shelves ?
Who , in short , is Sarah Palin ?
And what on earth does she want ?
Palin was born in February 1964 in another small town , Sandpoint , Idaho , the third of four children of Chuck and Sally Heath .
Genealogists have traced her father 's family tree as a far as John Lothropp , a nonconformist minister from Beverley in Yorkshire , who settled in Massachusetts in 1634 to escape persecution .
If so , this would make Palin a distant relation of George Bush .
Headstrong girl
The family moved to Alaska when Sarah was two months old after Chuck , a primary school teacher , took up a post there .
Accounts of her time at Wasilla high school suggest a headstrong , slightly pushy , but popular pupil : a girl who was determined to succeed on the sports field , and who wanted to be noticed , who liked to be liked .
Her university days appear to have been considerably less happy .
In five years she flitted between as many different colleges , in Hawaii , Idaho and Alaska , sometimes quitting after one term .
It is unclear why she was so unsettled .
It is clear , however , that she was far from the centre of attention at this time : after McCain named Palin as his running mate , the Idaho Statesman newspaper tracked down 30 of her former teachers and classmates at two colleges in the state .
Only four could remember who she was .
Returning to Wasilla in 1987 she worked as a sports reporter with her local newspaper , the Mat - Su Valley Frontiersman , and as a correspondent for an Alaskan television station .
She showed little interest in forging a lengthy career in journalism , instead marrying her high school sweetheart , Todd Palin , a part Yup 'ik Native Alaskan who works as a technician with British Petroleum on the state 's North Slope oilfield .
In 1989 the first of the couple 's children was born and , in keeping with the Alaskan fashion for unusual names , the boy was named Track , because he arrived during the athletics season .
Since parading her five children , including Bristol , 17 , who is pregnant , and Trig , a six - month - old boy with Down 's syndrome , at the Republican national convention last month , Palin has been the subject of bizarre internet rumours about her children 's parentage , and reports in the supermarket tabloids alleging an extramarital affair , which her team dismissed as a " vicious lie " .
In Wasilla , people who know the couple say their marriage appears genuinely to be strong .
During the early 90s , when Palin was raising her children , Wasilla and the other small towns in the valley were undergoing rapid change as they sucked in immigrants from that place known to Alaskans as " Outside " - the rest of the US .
And in common with other communities in the US , the valley towns were riven by tension between secular liberals on one hand and Christian traditionalists on the other , people who had little interest in - and no hope of - reconciling their fundamental disagreements over abortion , gay rights , gun control and censorship .
In Palmer , for instance , a town 20 minutes drive north - east of Wasilla , there was a struggle for control of the hospital , one of the few in Alaska where second trimester abortions were carried out .
There were demonstrations and court battles , and rumours that one gynaecologist had taken to wearing a bulletproof vest beneath her jacket .
In Wasilla , the curator of the town 's tiny museum , John Cooper , says he received threats from people from a local evangelical church .
" They simply wanted to let me know that my political views , as a liberal , as a progressive , were not welcome , " he says .
This was the conflict into which Palin waded when she decided to stand for election as mayor of Wasilla .
Palin had been a junior member of the town 's council for four years , and in 1996 decided to run against the popular mayor , John Stein .
Perhaps unusually for such a small - town affair , she won an endorsement from the National Rifle Association and attracted the support of a nationwide anti-abortion organisation that leafleted the town 's voters .
In Palmer , the Rev Howard Bess , a left - leaning Baptist minister , is convinced Palin was the candidate of a network of evangelist pastors that met regularly in the valley in a conclave calling itself the Ministers ' Prayer Group .
" Palin first came on the political scene in the context of this conflict focused on the abortion issue , " says Bess .
" You ca n't understand her without understanding the culture wars that took place in the Mat - Su Valley in the 90s . "
Laura Chase , who managed Palin 's campaign , recalls her not as doctrinaire but as seriously ambitious .
" We were sitting at my kitchen table at about 11 o'clock one night , talking about term times , and she said : ' If I have n't moved on to higher things after two terms , I do n't deserve to be in politics . '
I said : ' Sarah , you 'll be governor in 10 years . '
And she said : ' I do n't want to be governor , I want to be president . '
I glanced up and she was looking down at a piece of paper , she was on to the next thing we were doing .
I just chalked it up to the adrenaline of the campaign . "
Today , people who loathe all that Palin says she stands for cannot help admire her common touch .
Bill Clinton says : " I come from Arkansas .
I get why she 's hot out there , why she 's doing well . "
Even in 1996 , Palin seemed to float along on a tide of likability .
The way she looked , the way she sounded , the way she moved - it all combined to make people feel they knew her in some way , and that they should vote for her .
" She was a rock star , no doubt about it , " says Stein .
Nobody in Wasilla believes that Palin 's parents , by all accounts reserved people , coached such polished performances .
Rather , Stein and others point to the confidence that came with high school sporting success , her brief time as a TV reporter , and the opportunities she had to speak up at church .
Chase sees something else .
" She 's really pretty insecure .
I was with her before she gave a speech to the people from BP in Anchorage when she was running for governor , and she was terrified .
There are real fears there .
But every time she goes out and persuades people to like her , it lifts her , it makes her feel better about herself .
" She draws on something inside herself to make them like her .
She 's a natural actress .
And then she wants to do it again , with even more people .
She 's a brilliant politician , but it 's all about getting more and more people to love her . "
With her charismatic appeal and the backing of many of the town 's evangelicals , Palin triumphed in the mayoral contest , winning by 616 votes to 413 .
Stein , a Lutheran , recalls a local radio station reporting that the town finally had a Christian mayor .
In office , Palin did not push the conservative social agenda at the heart of her election campaign .
She could n't : she was running an authority little bigger than an English parish council - albeit one with a $ 6 m budget - and her main responsibilities were for planning applications , road maintenance , and the town 's 13 - strong police force .
Confrontational style
Her critics in Wasilla say she made the job appear more difficult than it was because of her confrontational style of management .
She sacked the police chief , other senior staff resigned , and Cooper was made redundant .
" One of her conservative supporters came up to me in the street and said : ' Gotcha Cooper ! ' "
The town 's librarian , Mary Ellen Emmons , was fired after standing up to Palin during a conversation about censorship .
She was reinstated shortly afterwards , amid a public outcry , and the McCain team now insists that the conversation had been " rhetorical " .
But Chase says she recalls Palin telling the librarian that she objected to a children 's book about gay parents called Daddy 's Roommate .
" I brought a copy to the next council meeting and offered it to Sarah to read .
She said : ' I do n't need to read that kind of stuff . ' "
The Frontiersman was excoriating .
An editorial accused the mayor of confusing her 616 votes with a " coronation " , adding : " Palin promised to change the status quo , but at every turn we find hints of cronyism and political manoeuvring . "
A public meeting was held in the town 's theatre , with some urging a recall , a form of impeachment , to remove her from office .
Palin learned her lesson fast , lowering her profile and leaving day - to - day administration to the council 's senior civil servant .
" I grew tremendously in my early months as mayor , " was how she later described that time .
When Palin was 12 she was born again , and was baptised in the frigid waters of one of the half - dozen lakes around Wasilla .
From that day , and throughout her time as mayor , she and her mother worshipped at the Assembly of God , a Pentecostal church where some members of the congregation speak in tongues , and where the current pastor is on record as saying he believes that the end of the world is nigh .
While Palin has since moved to another evangelical church - reportedly telling friends it is " less extreme " - Pentecostalism undoubtedly helped forge her views .
She says she believes creationism should be taught alongside evolution , and says abortion is an " atrocity " that should be permitted only when the life of the mother is at stake .
When she made her next step in Alaskan politics , however , she made no attempt to turn these views into policy .
Nor , to the displeasure of local Republicans , did she make much effort to uphold traditional party values .
Instead , by the time Palin ran for governor in 2006 , she had remoulded herself as a campaigner against sleaze and corruption .
It was a good moment to be a moral crusader .
For two years the FBI had been raiding the homes and offices of prominent Alaskan Republicans , investigating their links with oil companies .
Five politicians were eventually charged with bribery and corruption .
The incumbent Republican governor , Frank Murkowski , was wildly unpopular - largely because of his cosy relationship with Big Oil - and Palin had established her ethical credentials by resigning from the state 's Oil and Gas Conservation Commission in protest at what she described as the corruption of fellow Republicans .
Turning on their TVs during the election , many Alaskans saw Palin 's folksy , nose - wrinkling , you - betcha style for the first time , and they liked what they saw .
They liked that she was fresh and she was feisty and that she really did seem to offer change .
Disillusioned Republicans were relieved to see someone - anyone - doing battle with the party 's leathery old guard .
Polls showed that even university - educated , liberal women warmed to her .
Palin was swept effortlessly into office , capturing 48 % of the vote in a three - way race .
She surrounded herself with a group of aides whose loyalty was beyond question .
Soon they came to describe themselves as Palinistas .
According to a number of sources , one of her aides , who is on the state payroll , has been working as a full - time babysitter for Trig in recent months .
Todd Palin also appears to play a role in the government of the state .
Although unelected , and not holding any salaried office , he is known to take part in a number of meetings .
The new governor enjoyed approval ratings of more than 80 % in the months after her election .
But it was not long before a slightly puzzled electorate began wondering who it was that they had elected and what it was that she really believed .
Forging alliances with Democrats , Palin pursued a shamelessly populist agenda , imposing a windfall tax on oil companies .
Leftwing Democrats hailed the Palinistas as " Alaskan redneck socialists " , while Republicans muttered that their governor was " imposing British levels of taxation " .
After she used a chunk of the revenue to send a $ 1,200 cheque to each man , woman and child in the state , her opponents knew protest was pointless .
' Disappointingly liberal '
She dismayed many on the religious right by blocking a bill that would have denied benefits to same - sex partners of state employees , maintaining she had no choice because it was unconstitutional .
She also resisted Republican attempts to force abortion restriction measures on to the legislative agenda , apparently because she did not wish to alienate her new Democrat allies .
Lyda Green , Republican president of the state senate , speaks for many in the party in Alaska when she says Palin has been " disappointingly liberal " since she was elected governor .
Others , who had hoped to see Palin translate her high approval rating into legislation aimed at tackling Alaska 's perennial problems of alcohol abuse and underperforming schools , were exasperated by how little she wanted to do .
Larry Persily , a senior civil servant who has worked for three Alaskan governors and is a former associate director of Palin 's office in Washington , says : " She was just not interested .
She had no interest in public policy beyond the populist drive to raise oil taxes and push through ethics reforms that the Democrats had already drafted . "
Rebecca Braun , editor of Alaska Budget Report , a non-aligned political newsletter , adds : " If she has n't pushed the teaching of creationism in schools , it 's because she has n't pushed the teaching of anything in schools .
She has n't promoted her rightwing views because she has n't promoted any views at all .
She really has n't done very much . "
But if Palin 's approval ratings were falling by last summer , her sincerity as a social conservative being questioned , her Republican credentials under attack , and her commitment to reform belied by a track record of inertia , she could always point to her impeccable ethical standards .
And then came Troopergate .
Palin stands accused of sacking the head of the state 's police force , Walt Monegan , when he refused to dismiss her former brother - in - law , a state trooper who had been through a bitter divorce and child custody battle with her younger sister .
There is evidence suggesting some members of her family waged a vendetta against the trooper , Mike Wooten , making complaints that he had broken the law , committed disciplinary offences , and lied to obtain sickness benefits .
Eventually a divorce court judge warned family members to leave the man alone .
Wooten was investigated and disciplined in March 2006 , but when Palin was elected governor later that year , she and her husband , and members of her staff , are said to have pressed to have the case reopened .
When Monegan was sacked last July , he claimed that his refusal to fire Wooten had cost him his job , an allegation Palin denies .
An investigation into Troopergate was ordered by the state 's legislature , and a report on the matter is due to be published today .
While Palin initially agreed to cooperate , her husband and several members of her staff resisted giving evidence , despite being summonsed .
It has also emerged that Palin and her senior aides used personal email accounts while conducting official business in order to conceal their communications about Wooten .
Many Alaskans have been greatly disappointed by Palin 's behaviour during the Troopergate affair .
Patrick Dougherty , editor of the Anchorage Daily News , the state 's main newspaper , says the episode has " raised serious doubts about her honesty and integrity " .
By late August , Palin 's approval ratings were still high in Alaska , but there were growing doubts about her ability and sincerity , and there was an investigation hanging over her head .
And at this point , no doubt looking at her public performances and her star quality , McCain and his team decided she was the ideal running mate .
Dougherty says his reaction was one of disbelief when he heard .
" She was clearly unqualified . "
Lyda Green was equally astonished .
" I 'm a loyal Republican and I want to see the Republican party do well and do the right thing .
But before she was selected , no one came to Alaska and asked the questions you 're asking now .
And that , to me , is insufficient . "
If McCain had sent people to Alaska with instructions to ask who Palin really is , to find out what substance lay behind the style , how successful might they have been ?
Asked what drives his former boss , Persily confesses he can not be sure .
" She likes being in the limelight , being the centre of attention .
What she really craves is popularity , she wants the warmth and love of the public . "
Laura Chase says Palin has an uncanny ability to be all things to all people .
" She can walk up to people and quickly have a perception of what they want her to be , and she will instantly be that person . "
Persily and Chase , who do not know each other , use the same word to describe Palin : chameleon .
Both also use similar language to explain how much she unnerves them .
Chase says : " I admire her , she has boundless energy and great determination .
But the idea that she could be the leader of the free world scares the hell out of me . "
Persily believes Palin is " immature , inexperienced , and has poor judgment " , but acknowledges that she could still become president .
" And that , " he says , " should scare the hell out of everybody . "
· The following correction was printed in the Guardian 's Corrections and clarifications column , Saturday October 11 2008 .
The Alaska public safety commissioner fired by Sarah Palin last year is Walter Monegan , not Irl Stambaugh as we said in early editions of the paper .
Stambaugh was the police chief of Wasilla who was fired by Palin in 1997 .
The error was introduced during the editing process
WASHINGTON -- Treasury Department officials and the banking industry are mulling ways to expand the government 's financial rescue plan to include non-publicly - traded banks , potentially opening up the program to thousands of new institutions .
Department officials met with representatives from the banking industry Tuesday to discuss expanding the Troubled Asset Relief Program to make mutually held , family - owned and other private banks eligible for federal funds .
Such ...
John McCain is n’t going to talk about the economy today .
Too much “ internal confusion ” in the campaign .
Instead , he ’s got a new speech .
Sounds very familiar .
Remember how many times
Bush was going to win us over with a new speech ?
Yesterday , Politico had the scoop that McCain was going to deliver new economic plans .
That was wrong .
But , Politico got the new scoop about the “ more forceful new stump speech :
Three weeks before Election Day , Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) on Monday is unveiling what his aides call a more forceful new stump speech in which he portrays himself as a scrappy fighter on the comeback trail against an opponent who ’s already “ measuring the drapes ” in the Oval Office .
“ The national media has written us off . , ” McCain says in excerpts released by the campaign .
“ Senator Obama is measuring the drapes , and planning with Speaker Pelosi and Senator Reid to raise taxes , increase spending , take away your right to vote by secret ballot in labor elections , and concede defeat in Iraq .
But they forgot to let you decide .
My friends , we ’ve got them just where we want them . ”
Allies are calling this “ hitting the ‘ reset ’ button ” on the campaign , with McCain reemerging after a long Sunday strategy session with a feisty tack that uses candor and humor , at a time when his rallies have become known for raucous rage and clumsy attacks .
But it ’s more like hitting the panic button .
McCain is appearing Monday in Virginia and North Carolina – two states that are usually safe for Republicans in presidential races , and that he should have put away long ago .
But Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) is pouring visits and staff into the former Confederacy , and he has caught McCain in many Southern polls .
Seems we have McCain just where we want him …campaigning in states that he should have wrapped up a long time ago .
McCain is hitting the panic button .
But , he ’s always hitting a panic button .
He ’s erratic .
And , a new speech is n’t going to cut it .
Obama ’s campaign emailed out an appropriate response to McCain ’s new ploy :
Cover your eyes !
Decisions decisions you can trust .
Because your friends and leading websites say so .
Recommendations Login | Join today |
Tell a friend ...
4 0 0 For breasts , butt cracks , guns
Although this president is famously known for rarely becoming immersed in the details — even on the issues he cares the most about —
Gonzales has painted a picture of Bush as being very much involved when it came to his administration ’s surveillance program .
In describing Bush as having pressed him to engage in some of the more controversial actions regarding the warrantless surveillance program , Gonzales and his legal team are apparently attempting to lessen his own legal jeopardy .
The Justice Department ’s inspector general ( IG ) is investigating whether Gonzales lied to Congress when he was questioned under oath about the surveillance program .
And the Justice Department ’s Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) is separately investigating whether Gonzales and other Justice Department attorneys acted within the law in authorizing and overseeing the surveillance program .
Neither the IG nor OPR can bring criminal charges , but if , during the course of their own investigations , they believe they have uncovered evidence of a possible crime , they can seek to make a criminal referral to those who can .
In portraying President Bush as directly involved in making some of the more controversial decisions about his administration ’s surveillance program , Gonzales may , intentionally or unintentionally , be drawing greater legal scrutiny to the actions of President Bush and other White House officials .
And what began as investigations narrowly focused on Gonzales ’s conduct could easily morph into broader investigations leading into the White House , and possibly leading to the appointment of a special prosecutor .
Dan Richman , a former federal prosecutor in Manhattan and professor at Columbia Law School , told me that Gonzales appears to be attempting to walk the thin line of taking himself out of harm ’s way while at the same time protecting the president , a strategy that very well could work : “ I think he is serving his own purposes and the White House ’s purposes , ” Richman says .
According to Richman , by invoking Bush ’s name and authority , Gonzales and his legal team are making it more difficult for investigators to seek a criminal investigation of his actions , or for other investigators to later bring criminal charges against him :
“ The clearer it is that Gonzales did what he did at the behest of the president of the United States , the safer that he [ Gonzales ] is legally , ” says Richman .
At the same time , by saying that he is advising the president , Gonzales also makes it easier for those at the White House to claim executive privilege if they do indeed become embroiled in the probe .
Moreover , according to one senior Justice Department official , Gonzales , his legal team , and the White House also know that Justice ’s IG and OPR are unlikely to press senior White House officials , let alone the president , to answer their questions .
I ’m currently reading Exploring Requirements : Quality Before Design by Donald Gause and Gerald Weinberg .
The book was written twenty years ago but it is still spot-on , which is really incredible for a software - development related book .
Gause and Weinberg described an experiment from one of their workshops that was supposed to show how even the simplest things can cause a lot of misunderstanding .
I honestly could not believe the results , so I decided to repeat it yesterday .
The outcome absolutely amazed me .
They conducted the experiment by showing a seven - point star picture before one of their seminars , then after a lecture and a coffee break asked the attendees to tell them how many points the picture had .
They got quite a wide spread of results .
According to Gause and Weinberg , everyone knows what a five - point star looks like but seven - point star was not that usual , so people remembered it differently and recalled different images , especially after the coffee break .
That accounted for the spread .
People also understood the task differently , which explained clusters in the answers .
I am not so interested in people not remembering things off the top of their head , but I wanted to check the problem of differences in understanding .
After my talk on Selenium yesterday , I handed out index cards and put a picture of a standard five - point star on the projector , asking people to write down how many points they see in the picture there and then .
I used an image of a familiar figure ( the one on the right ) and it was on display while people wrote down their answers .
So any differences in answers could only be caused by people understanding the task differently .
After initial reluctance and my explaining that the question might sound stupid and obvious , but I ’d really like people to answer it anyway , I got about 50 cards back .
And the results were simply amazing .
I expected that most people would write 10 as the number , and that a few would possibly write “ infinite ” referring to the mathematical axioms that any line contains an infinite number of points .
But the answers were much more surprising .
Most people ( 25 ) voted for 10 points in the star , counting inner and outer points .
The second most popular answer ( 7 ) was five points , where people counted just the outer points .
Number 14 got a lot of votes as well — one of the people at the pub after the talk explained to me that this is probably the ten points on the star and four corners of the picture .
There was a single vote for number 9 , which can theoretically be explained by five outer points and four corners of the picture , but there were also four cards which I can not explain at all : numbers 11 and 15 got two votes each .
If anything , this experiment has confirmed that even a simple thing as a familiar image and a straight - forward question can cause a lot of misunderstanding , or rather differences in understanding .
Some people thought that the edges of the image counted as part of the image , some did not consider them .
Some people just counted outer points , some counter inner as well .
This is essentially why giving people screenshots or wireframes with simple descriptions does not work as an effective technique to pass knowledge .
This is a very effective demonstration why we need workshops that stimulate discussion to define requirements and specifications , ideally using realistic examples which could then be converted to acceptance tests .
Update : Ashley Todd has made the whole attack story up according to KDKA .
Police have told them that Todd made the whole story up .
20 - year - old Ashley Todd is now reportedly facing a polygraph test to be administered by officials after claiming she was brutally beaten over her political views .
Ashley Todd , who claims she wasof $ 60 at an ATM in the Pittsburgh , Bloomfield area Wednesday night when a ' 6 ' 4 , 200 - pound black man ' mugged her and discovered she was a McCain / Palin supporter .
According to Todd , the man robbed her at knifepoint before noticing the McCain bumper sticker on her car - triggering him to allegedly begin beating Todd with his hands and feet and carving a backwards " B " on her face with his knife .
Todd reported the assault to the police in Pittsburgh and refused medical treatment .
She was contacted by McCain and Palin shortly thereafter to express their regret for her unfortunate attack - and her attacker was even condemned by Barack Obama 's campaign , who issued a statement saying they hoped " that the person who perpetrated this crime is swiftly apprehended and brought to justice . "
Now there may be proof that Ashley Todd was n't telling the whole story .
Police have admitted that there are " several inconsistencies " with her story .
Officials have reportedly requested a polygraph test be performed because her " statements about the attack conflict with evidence from the Citizens Bank ATM where she claims the incident occurred . "
Update : Ashley Todd has made the whole attack story up according to KDKA .
Police have told them that Todd made the whole story up .
Related
Ashley Todd Photo : McCain Volunteer Attacked and Mutilated In Pittsburgh
Ads pushing Iran strike show Denver under missile attack from Boulder John Byrne
Published : Friday August 29 , 2008
Print This Email
This A nonprofit lobbying organization aimed at strengthening Israel 's image in the media quietly ran ads during the Democratic National Convention in which Boulder , Colorado launches missile attacks on Denver , in an attempt to bolster support for Israeli action against Iran .
Today ,
The Israel Project released a survey showing that 63 percent of Americans support an Israeli " surgical " strike on Iran 's purported nuclear facilities , with 55 percent supporting America 's participation in such a strike .
The poll , however , did not note the organization 's effort to lobby those being polled .
The Boulder attack ad shows a map of Denver being hit by flaming missiles , then an image of Israel being hit by the same weapons .
It then displays an image of Iran , followed by ominous missile launches , a photograph of a man with a black hood over his face , Iran 's president , and a silhouetted traveler with a suitcase .
" The Time for World Leaders to Act Is Now , " it concludes .
The group is also running ads during the Republican National Convention tying US support for Israel to lessening America 's reliance on " Mid-East oil . "
Video of an Israeli man getting into a car runs next to an American boarding a similar vehicle .
The frames follow with the line , " Developing Solar , Wind & Electric Car Technology . "
Both ads appear below .
They are slated to run on cable news networks 1,300 times during the two conventions .
Israel remains the top recipient of US foreign aid .
In February , President Bush requested Congress approve an aid budget of $ 20 billion , a 12 percent increase over 2007 .
Egypt is the second largest recipient , at about $ 1.5 billion .
Israel has plowed US money into developing technology companies and buying US weapons , and has emerged as one of the fastest - growing players in the security and defense technology industry .
According to their website , " The Israel Project ( TIP ) is a nonprofit , nonpartisan educational organization headquartered in Washington , D.C. that works to strengthen Israel 's image in the media .
TIP is currently working in the United States , Europe and Israel . "
The poll cites " a growing concern in the US of the possibility that Iran would be able to possess actual nuclear capabilities :
About 87 % of those polled said a nuclear Iran will pose a threat to the US and 96 % believe it would be of imminent threat to Israel , " YNet News writes .
90 percent of those surveyed by the project 's poll said Iran would sell its nuclear weapons if it obtained them .
62 percent , however , " said they believed the world can still find a " diplomatic solution which would make Iran halt its nuclear endeavors . "
Boulder Ad
Alternative Energy Ad
The MDC leader urged the summit to help break Zimbabwe 's deadlock Zimbabwe 's opposition has reportedly warned that at least a million Zimbabweans could starve to death in a year if political deadlock continues .
MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai is said to have issued the stark warning to southern African leaders at an emergency meeting in Johannesburg .
Eight weeks after a power - sharing deal , the MDC and President Mugabe have still not reached agreement on a new cabinet .
The summit is also discussing the crisis in Democratic Republic of Congo .
The BBC's Peter Biles , reporting from the meeting , says there is little reason to be optimistic on Zimbabwe at the moment , with only five heads of state attending out of the 15 countries invited .
The others were represented by lower ranking officials .
' Political maturity ' South Africa 's new President , Kgalema Motlanthe , who is chairing the Southern African Development Community meeting , urged both sides in the former Rhodesia to implement the deal agreed after disputed polls .
He said : " The political leadership in Zimbabwe owe it to the people of Zimbabwe in the region to show political maturity by putting the interest of Zimbabwe first . "
President Motlanthe says Zimbabwe can ill afford its disputes Mr Tsvangirai , leader of the Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) , and President Robert Mugabe have been unable to agree on how to share cabinet posts .
A key sticking point has been control of the home affairs ministry , which is responsible for the police .
Zimbabwe is facing severe food shortages and rampant inflation but neither side appears willing to compromise .
The summit follows a smaller meeting at the end of October , which concluded without success .
' Make or break '
A top Zimbabwean government official told AFP that Sunday 's meetings would be " make or break " .
He said that if Mr Tsvangirai and his party " continue to make outrageous demands , shifting goalposts " , the ruling Zanu - PF party would go its own way , adding : " We do n't care what the world will say . "
The Johannesburg summit called for fighting to stop in DR Congo Meanwhile an opposition spokesman said that unless there was a " major shift " in Zanu - PF 's position , the MDC would not accept the deal .
The opposition party 's secretary - general , Tendai Biti , said : " We need to close this chapter so that Zimbabwe can reconstruct , can restart and can rehabilitate itself and can move forward . "
Last week , the MDC claimed that Mr Mugabe 's party had unleashed " a new orgy of brutality and assaults across the whole country " .
Amid reports of fresh clashes in the Democratic Republic of Congo , leaders at Sunday 's Johannesburg summit urged rebel and government forces to uphold a fragile ceasefire .
South Africa 's president said : " We firmly believe there is no military solution to the problem . "
The UN reported renewed fighting on Sunday around Ngungu , just west of the regional capital , Goma .
More than a quarter of a million people have been displaced in the eastern DR Congo since fighting flared up in August .
A medical aid group told the BBC News website it was struggling to contain a cholera outbreak in a crowded refugee camp near Goma .
Medecins Sans Frontieres said it had treated 45 suspected cholera cases in Kibati since Friday and warned the potential for an epidemic was " a big concern " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two new playable character types - The Elf Archer and the Dwarf Warrior
- The Elf Archer and the Dwarf Warrior
Creature - specific item drops - Rare and unique items , ( e.g. Troll Blood ) that give the character who consumes them permanent bonuses
- Rare and unique items , ( e.g. Troll Blood ) that give the character who consumes them permanent bonuses
Character Info Screen - Details your abilities , and gives information on the town in general
- Details your abilities , and gives information on the town in general
Resource management through economic means - Dig a well for Fresh Water , plant Herbs , import Iron , etc .
- Dig a well for Fresh Water , plant Herbs , import Iron , etc .
Expanded character customization choices when leveling - Three ability choices instead of two with the third choice based on your character 's profession .
- Three ability choices instead of two with the third choice based on your character 's profession .
Item Sorting - Ability to automatically sort inventory items by type and relative power
- Ability to automatically sort inventory items by type and relative power
Auto - equipping - Townspeople will automatically take items they can use from the town inventory periodically as needed ( this can also be turned off if desired )
- Townspeople will automatically take items they can use from the town inventory periodically as needed ( this can also be turned off if desired )
Miscellaneous balancing , pacing and usability improvements and refinements - made in response to player feedback
Following last week 's successful launch of Hinterland , a fantasy PC title featuring fast paced RPG combat and strategic town - building , Tilted Mill Entertainment announces the first free Content Update for the title .
The full title , including the Content Update , has simultaneously been expanded to include French , German and Spanish , as well as English , in a single multi-language version of the game .
Chris Beatrice , Tilted Mill 's president , had this to say : " Given all the interest and attention the title has received , and the great feedback we ''ve gotten from the fan community , we wanted to demonstrate both our intention to continue supporting and developing the title , but perhaps more importantly our ability to respond quickly and appropriately to input from players .
Developing the title initially was very much an iterative process , and now that process has been broadened to include the fan community as a whole .
It 's really great to be part of that .
" The Free Content Update includes :
Dutch Dance Club Lets Patrons Produce Energy
September 4th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Last week , I profiled a gym that uses human - powered energy .
It ’s a brilliant idea , but there ’s no reason why it should be limited to the gym .
If you think about it , dancing expends just as much energy as working out .
Should n’t that energy go somewhere too ?
Rotterdam ’s WATT club , which just opened today , features a dance floor where the disco lights become more dynamic as patrons get their groove on .
The floor even has a meter to show people how much energy they ’re producing at any given moment .
WATT contains more than just an electricity producing dance floor .
Drinks are stored in basement tanks to save energy by using a central cooling system and toilets in the club flush with rainwater .
The so - called “ pee experience ” lets patrons watch rooftop rainwater travel through transparent pipes when they flush .
The club ’s owners claim that WATT saves 30 percent on energy and carbon emissions and 50 percent on waste and water compared to most nightclubs .
WATT follows in the footsteps of a green dance floor in London , and the club ’s parent company has plans to bring the sustainable dance floor concept to the United States .
Could this be the next big thing in nightlife ?
Posts Related to Alternative Energy Sources :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
When we talk about new software updates we already know that they can be quite unstable in the beginning .
This is the reason why many users prefer to postpone these updates until more time has passed .
Back in October , Microsoft released the Fall Creators Update and you might want to block it , at least for a while .
The update should come first to the devices that are newer and have the latest Windows 10 version .
If you want to postpone this update because you have heard about the issues and bugs that have been reported by other users , you can do that .
However , you should probably get the update as soon as it is stable enough .
Microsoft probably notified you already that there is one update available .
If you want to postpone its installation here is what you have to do :
Open Update & Security by pressing Windows key +
I .
Select Windows Update and then click Restart options .
You should see a Schedule a time toggle .
Slide it to on and then you will have the option to select the date and time for the update .
Simply enter the day and the hour which are convenient for you .
Windows 10 Pro method
If you have Windows 10 Pro , there is another alternative available for you .
You are able to delay the installation for up to one year after the update has been released .
Open Update & Security by pressing Windows key +
I .
Select Advanced Options , click Choose how updates are installed .
Choose between Current Branch and Current Branch for Business .
Both options can delay the update up to 365 days , but the second one will count from the day when the update can be downloaded by businesses .
Britney makes first comeback steps Singer Britney Spears has swept the board at the MTV Video Music Awards show in Los Angeles , collecting three prizes for her track Piece of Me .
The 26 - year - old , whose performance at last year 's ceremony was widely panned , thanked " God first and foremost for just blessing me like this " .
The other winners at the show in Hollywood included the Pussycat Dolls , Linkin Park , Lil Wayne and Chris Brown .
And there were performances from Kanye West , Rihanna and Christina Aguilera .
West left the ceremony - hosted by British comic Russell Brand - empty - handed .
He fell out with MTV after last year 's show when he failed to win any prizes and had vowed never to perform at the awards again .
MTV MUSIC VIDEO AWARDS Best video : Britney Spears , Piece of Me Best pop video : Britney Spears , Piece of Me Best female video : Britney Spears , Piece of Me Best male video : Chris Brown , With You Best rock video : Linkin Park , Shadow of the Day Best hip - hop video : Lil Wayne , Lollipop Best dancing : Pussycat Dolls ( pictured ) , When I Grow Up Best new artist : Tokio Hotel
In pictures : MTV Awards 2008
And in 2006 he publicly complained about not winning best video at the MTV Europe awards .
Spears has suffered a year of health problems and legal difficulties which saw her lose custody of her children , while her father James has taken legal control of her affairs .
Her video for Piece of Me won the main prize - video of the year .
It beat Chris Brown 's Forever , Burnin ' Up by the Jonas Brothers , When I Grow Up by the Pussycat Dolls and the Ting Tings ' Shut Up and Let Me Go to the coveted prize .
The same promo also earned Spears the awards for best video by a female artist and top pop video .
She had been nominated for MTV video awards 16 times before but had never won .
" Wow , thank you , I 'm in shock right now , " she said as she collected her third and final trophy .
" I was not expecting this .
This is such an honor to have this award right now .
I want to thank my fans .
This is dedicated to you . "
Presidential race Brand said the night marked the " launch of a very new Britney Spears era " .
" Consider this the resurrection of Britney Spears , " he said .
" If there was a female Christ , it 's Britney . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement During his innuendo - laden opening monologue , Brand discussed the upcoming US presidential election , publicly backing presidential hopeful Barack Obama .
" Some people , I think they 're called racists , say America is not ready for a black president , " he said .
" But I know America to be a forward - thinking country because otherwise why would you have let that retarded cowboy fella be president for eight years .
" We were very impressed .
We thought it was nice of you to let him have a go , because , in England , he would n't be trusted with a pair of scissors . "
Last year 's big winners were Justin Timberlake with four awards , including top male artist , and R&B star Rihanna , who won video of the year for Umbrella .
The 2008 ceremony is being broadcast by MTV in the UK on Monday at 2100 BST .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A few more thoughts about the incredible scene described in today ’s Times ( great reporting , by the way ) :
In the Roosevelt Room after the session , the Treasury secretary , Henry M. Paulson Jr. , literally bent down on one knee as he pleaded with Nancy Pelosi , the House Speaker , not to “ blow it up ” by withdrawing her party ’s support for the package over what Ms. Pelosi derided as a Republican betrayal .
“ I did n’t know you were Catholic , ” Ms. Pelosi said , a wry reference to Mr. Paulson ’s kneeling , according to someone who observed the exchange .
She went on : “ It ’s not me blowing this up , it ’s the Republicans . ” Mr. Paulson sighed .
“ I know .
I know . ”
How did we get to this point ?
It ’s the culmination of many past betrayals .
First of all , we have the Republican Study Committee blowing things up with a complete nonsense proposal — solving the crisis with a holiday on capital gains taxes .
How is that possible ?
Well , if a party runs on economic nonsense for 25 years , eventually many of its foot soldiers will be people who actually believe the nonsense .
More specifically , though , the failure to get a deal reflects the betrayals of the Bush years .
Democrats were n’t going to trust Henry Paulson , because behind him they see the ghost of Colin Powell ( and Paulson ’s “ all your bailout are belong to me ” proposal , aside from being bad economics , showed an incredible tone - deafness . )
And after the way the Bushies and their allies double - crossed the Democrats again and again in the aftermath of 9/11 — demand national unity , then accuse you of being soft on terrorists anyway — there ’s no way Pelosi and Reed will do the responsible but unpopular thing unless the Republicans agree to share ownership .
So what we now have is non-functional government in the face of a major crisis , because Congress includes a quorum of crazies and nobody trusts the White House an inch .
As a friend said last night , we ’ve become a banana republic with nukes .
For the GeekParents and other adults reading us , we know it 's always a challenge to come up with something fun and different when you get invited to a Halloween costume party .
You know you have to express your inner geek to the fullest extent , but perhaps you do n't have the time to build a fully - functional R2 - D2 that you could fit inside and serve drinks from .
So here are some suggestions for cool costumes that your fellow geeks will appreciate , and which may not take too much work to pull off on your part .
Baltar from Battlestar Galactica .
Go for the pre-reformation period .
Dress in a slick suit and sport a bit of stubble ( guys more than girls ) .
Always have a drink in one hand , a book with the corners cut off in the other , and spend the whole night acting like you 're talking with / being - hit - by someone who is not visible .
Baltar from Battlestar Galactica .
Go for the pre-reformation period .
Dress in a slick suit and sport a bit of stubble ( guys more than girls ) .
Always have a drink in one hand , a book with the corners cut off in the other , and spend the whole night acting like you 're talking with / being - hit - by someone who is not visible .
Tony Stark from Ironman .
Pretty much the same costume as Baltar , sans book and imaginary friend , but pick up one of those battery - powered puck - lights from the hardware store and tape it to your chest underneath your shirt .
Milton Waddams from Office Space .
Dress up in bad work - attire .
Carry a red Slingline stapler with you , protecting it like it was your firstborn child .
Mumble " I could set the building on fire " under your breath .
LEGO Minifig .
This one takes a bit more work , but with some cardboard and plenty of bright yellow paint , you 'll be the biggest " stud " at the party .
LEGO Minifig .
This one takes a bit more work , but with some cardboard and plenty of bright yellow paint , you 'll be the biggest " stud " at the party .
Doc Brown from Back to the Future .
Get some spray - on white for your hair , a lab coat and a pair of welder 's goggles .
If you really want to do it right , pick up a white Cuisinart coffee grinder and use a label maker to put " Mr. Fusion " on the side .
Ash from Army of Darkness .
Blue denim shirt and tan cargo / work - pants for the clothes .
Get a small electric chainsaw ( trust me , they 're lighter ) and mod the handle so it looks like it is mounted to you right arm .
" Boom stick " for you left hand is optional .
Key lines : " Gimmie some surgar , baby ! " and " Shop smart : shop S - Mart . "
looks like it is mounted to you right arm .
" Boom stick " for you left hand is optional .
Key lines : " Gimmie some surgar , baby ! " and " Shop smart : shop S - Mart . "
Hiro Nakamura from Heroes .
Dress slightly nerdy , carry a samurai sword and , in classic time - traveler fashion , walk around urgently asking everyone " what 's the date ? ! ? "
When they answer , say
" Good !
Then there 's still time ! "
" Good !
Then there 's still time ! "
Captain Hammer from Dr. Horrible 's Sing - along Blog .
This one is as easy as pie .
Pick up one of these shirts , at Jinx ( or make it yourself ) .
Get yourself some welders ' gloves .
Act like a jerk , and sing about yourself a lot .
Anyone have any more easy geeky costume ideas ?
Leave them in the comments , thanks !
Dr. Ron Paul
Campaign for Liberty
September 22 , 2008
A New Alliance – By Dr. Ron Paul
Friends – please read this new and important piece by Dr. Paul .
The press conference at the National Press Club had a precise purpose .
It was to expose , to as many people as possible , the gross deception of our presidential election process .
It is controlled by the powerful elite to make sure that neither candidate of the two major parties will challenge the status quo .
There is no real choice between the two major parties and their nominees , only the rhetoric varies .
The amazingly long campaign is designed to make sure the real issues are ignored .
The quotes I used at the press conference from insider Carroll Quigley and the League of Women voters strongly support this contention .
Calling together candidates from the liberal , conservative , libertarian and progressive constituencies , who are all opposed to this rigged process , was designed to alert the American people to the uselessness of continuing to support a process that a claims that one ’s only choice is to choose the lesser of two evils and reject a principle vote that might challenge the status quo as a wasted vote .
In both political education and organization , coalitions are worthwhile and necessary to have an impact .
“ Talking to the choir ” alone achieves little .
I have always approached political and economic education with a “ missionary ” zeal by inviting any group in on issues we agree upon .
This opens the door to legitimate discourse with the hope of winning new converts to the cause of liberty .
This strategy led to the press conference with the four candidates agreeing to the four principles we believe are crucial in challenging the political system that has evolved over many years in this country .
This unique press conference , despite the surprising , late complication from the Libertarian Party Presidential Candidate , hopefully will prove to be historically significant .
This does not mean that I expect to get Ralph Nader or Cynthia McKinney to become libertarians , nor do they expect me to change my mind on the issues on which we disagree .
In the meantime , why ca n’t we be friends , respectful of each other , and fight the corrupt process from which we suffer , and at the same time champion the four issues that we all agree upon which the two major candidates wo n’t address ?
Many practical benefits can come from this unique alliance .
Our cause is liberty — freedom is popular and is the banner that brings people together .
Since authoritarianism divides , we always have the edge in an intellectual fight .
Once it ’s realized that the humanitarian goals of peace and prosperity are best achieved with our views , I ’m convinced we win by working with others .
Those who do n’t want to collaborate are insecure with their own beliefs .
In the past two years at the many rallies where I talked and shook hands with literally thousands of people , I frequently asked them what brought them to our campaign .
There were many answers : the Constitution , my consistency , views on the Federal Reserve , the war , and civil liberties .
The crowds were overwhelmingly made up of young people .
Oftentimes I welcomed the diverse groups that came , mentioning that the crowd was made up of Republicans , Democrats , Independents , Liberals and Progressives with each group applauding .
Even jokingly , I recognized the “ anarchists ” and that , too , was met with some applause .
In conversations , many admitted to having been Democrats and members of the Green Party and supporters of Ralph Nader , yet they came to agree with us on all the issues once the entire philosophy was understood .
That ’s progress .
Principled people are not shy in participating with others and will defend their beliefs on their merits .
Liberals and progressives are willing to align themselves with us on the key issues of peace , civil liberties , debt and the Federal Reserve .
That ’s exciting and very encouraging , and it means we are making progress .
The big challenge , however , is taking on the establishment , and the process that is so well entrenched .
But we ca n’t beat the entrenched elite without the alliance of all those who have been disenfranchised .
Ironically the most difficult group to recruit has been the evangelicals who supported McCain and his pro-war positions .
They have been convinced that they are obligated to initiate preventive war in the Middle East for theological reasons .
Fortunately , this is a minority of the Christian community , but our doors remain open to all despite this type of challenge .
The point is , new devotees to the freedom philosophy are more likely to come from the left than from those conservatives who have been convinced that God has instructed us to militarize the Middle East .
Although we were on the receiving end of ridicule in the reporting of the press conference , I personally was quite satisfied with the results .
True revolutions are not won in a week , a month , or even a year .
They take time .
But we are making progress , and the momentum remains and is picking up .
The Campaign for Liberty is alive and well , and its growth and influence will continue .
Obviously the press conference could have been even more successful without the last - minute change of heart by the Libertarian Party candidate by not participating .
He stated that his support for the four points remains firm .
His real reason for not coming , nor letting me know until forty minutes before the press conference started , is unknown to me .
To say the least , I was shocked and disappointed .
Yet in the long run , this last - minute change in plans will prove to be of little importance .
I ’m convinced that problems like this always seem bigger at the moment , yet things usually work out in the end .
Recovering from the mistakes and shortcomings of all that we do in this effort is not difficult if the message is right and our efforts are determined .
And I ’m convinced they are .
That ’s what will determine our long - term success , not the shortcomings of any one person .
The Libertarian Party Candidate admonished me for “ remaining neutral ” in the presidential race and not stating whom I will vote for in November .
It ’s true ; I have done exactly that due to my respect and friendship and support from both the Constitution and Libertarian Party members .
I remain a lifetime member of the Libertarian Party and I ’m a ten - term Republican Congressman .
It is not against the law to participate in more then one political party .
Chuck Baldwin has been a friend and was an active supporter in the presidential campaign .
I continue to wish the Libertarian and Constitution Parties well .
The more votes they get , the better .
I have attended Libertarian Party conventions frequently over the years .
In some states , one can be on the ballots of two parties , as they can in New York .
This is good and attacks the monopoly control of politics by Republicans and Democrats .
We need more states to permit this option .
This will be a good project for the Campaign for Liberty , along with the alliance we are building to change the process .
I ’ve thought about the unsolicited advice from the Libertarian Party candidate , and he has convinced me to reject my neutral stance in the November election .
I ’m supporting Chuck Baldwin , the Constitution Party candidate .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Kendra Wilkinson Disses Hef's New Girlfriends ( Video )
says 's new girlfriends should be more thankful for the opportunity they have been given .
" There will only be the original Girls Next Door , " she told E ! before the annual Halloween Party at the Playboy Mansion .
" We built this show .
We worked our butts off to be here .
Now these girls are coming in afterwards .
We 've made this for them , and I 'd appreciate it if they'd be a little bit more thankful ... I do n't feel like they 're thankful . "
E! caught up with Hef 's exes , " Holly Madison , Kendra Wilkinson and Bridget Marquardt , as the newly single ladies prepare for life after the Mansion .
Cameras then turn to Hef , with his new girlfriends , Amy Leigh Andrews , Crystal McCahill and twins Karissa and Kristina Shannon .
When asked how the transition is going and if everyone is getting along , the Playboy mogul says " Absolutely , because it 's real love and , you know , it 's lasted for a long time and you get to a place where , you know , there are understandable transitions . "
View video below .
HARRISBURG , Pa. ( AP ) 
With virtually no warning , smoking at 14 of Pennsylvania 's state - owned universities has been banned anywhere on campus — even outdoors .
The action has sparked protests around the state by some of the 110,000 students in the State System of Higher Education , who received word of the ban by e-mail late Wednesday — a day before a new state law forbidding smoking in most workplaces and public spaces took effect .
HIGHER ED BLOG : Campaign targets college smokers
After discussions with university presidents and system board members , Chancellor John Cavanaugh said he interprets the law to extend beyond buildings at educational facilities to include all campus grounds , such as courtyards , parking lots and athletic fields .
Cavanaugh , who took over as chancellor in July , said some classes occasionally meet outside , and the schools also hold outdoor fundraising events and receptions .
" After all of that deliberation , we decided we would go on the side of caution , " he said .
The move to make campuses systemwide completely smoke - free is apparently unprecedented among state - funded Pennsylvania universities , but the American Lung Association said more than 130 colleges and universities across the country have such policies .
Penn State University , a public university that is not part of the state system , bans smoking inside buildings and university - owned vehicles and within a certain distance of building entrances , but allows smoking elsewhere at its flagship University Park campus in State College , a spokeswoman said .
Some of Penn State 's other campuses have stricter bans , spokeswoman Lisa Powers said .
Students who feel the policy is too extreme have organized peaceful protests of smokers and sympathetic nonsmokers on at least three of the 14 Pennsylvania campuses , and there is talk of a coordinated statewide demonstration later this week .
At the student center of Clarion University , about 60 miles northeast of Pittsburgh , about 60 students gathered outside at around lunchtime Monday and then marched to the grounds of the campus library , where they lit up , said Steve Dugan , a 20 - year - old freshman from Pittsburgh who participated in the protest .
" We 're simply asking for some compromise , like one or two designated ( smoking ) areas on campus , " Dugan said .
" It would have been better if there were more warning given and a chance to put in our own ideas . "
Campus police issued small yellow cards to the student smokers printed with warnings that " future occurrences may result in possible sanctions , including fines and / or disciplinary action " and advice to contact the campus health center for help quitting smoking .
Psychology professor Marite Rodriguez Haynes , who has worked at Clarion for 20 years , said she sympathized with the protesters , even though she does n't smoke .
" It 's almost close to Prohibition , " she said .
" I think it 's impractical .
It 's good for me , but I do n't know if it will get people to smoke less . "
For now , university officials are concentrating on educating students and staff about the policy .
The law gives state health officials responsibility for enforcement , and they are relying on the public to report violators .
Kutztown University sophomore Kelli Conkey , 19 , said she intends to continue smoking regardless of the policy , but hopes anyone who objects will give her a chance to snuff out her cigarette rather than file a formal complaint .
" If they really do n't like it , I hope they would come up to me and tell me that , " Conkey said .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Groups Calls For Extended Voting Hours Due to Voters Turned Away from Polls
Virginia Tech Students Sent Miles to Remote Location to Vote ...
Brad Friedman Byon
11/4/2008 , 1:03 pm PT
Serious problems " continue to plague Virginia " .
The following info comes from the 866 - OUR - VOTE website ( via the Institute for Southern Studies ) ...
Dozens of polling places are experiencing varying degrees of machine malfunction .
Some polling places are either completely closed or have been closed for hours .
Thousands of voters may have been turned away illegally by polling workers .
Voters have illegally been issued with provisional ballets where machines have been broken .
Students at Virginia
Tech , previously the victims of misinformation , have seen their polling place suddenly and unexpectedly moved six miles to a location with little parking .
UPDATE : RAW STORY has more on " massive voting machine failures and voters being turned away from polls , " and a call to extend polling hours in VA .
VA uses 100 % unverifiable DRE ( usually touch - screen ) systems across virtually the entire state .
When machines of that sort break down , voters can't vote , unless there are emergency paper ballots on hand , and officials bother to give them out to voters .
UPDATE II : More on the dirty tricks at Virginia Tech , including a map to the remote pollsite students are being sent to .
More than 5,600 people , mainly Virginia Tech students , are registered to vote at precinct E1 in Blacksburg , Virginia ( Montgomery County ) .
That number is nearly double what the state law allows for polling stations and the lack of an additional polling station is causing substantial delays .
In addition , the polling place is 6.5 miles away from campus at a tiny church located off the main road .
There is no street sign marking the turn off to the one lane road .
There are 30 parking spots for the thousands of voters expected to turn up at precinct E1 .
Note :
This is the same county in VA ( Richmond ) where the registrar had purposely distributed incorrect information to Virginia Tech students , as we reported back in early September , to warn them they might lose scholarships and ability to be declared dependents on their parents tax forms if they registered to vote there .
On Democracy Now on October 22 , Mark Crispin Miller was interviewed about election fraud .
Not the ACORN faux registration fraud that John McCain and his sidekick rant about in their Chicken Little act .
But real election fraud perpetrated by the Republicans in 2000 and 2004 and likely to be repeated in 2008 .
Miller ’s explanation of the who , how , and why of this real election fraud is alarming – all the more so because of the deafening silence of the mainstream media on the subject .
Miller said :
“ Stephen Spoonamore is a conservative Republican , a former McCain supporter and , most importantly , a renowned and highly successful expert at the detection of computer fraud .
That ’s his profession .
He works for major banks .
He works for foreign governments .
He works for the Secret Service .
Those are his clients .
He knows personally the principal players in Bush - Cheney ’s conspiracy to subvert our elections through electronic means since 2000 , and he has named these principal players .
Specifically , he has named a man named Mike Connell .
Mike Connell , according to Spoonamore , is Karl Rove ’s computer guru .
This is the guy who has helped Bush - Cheney fix election results through computers since Florida 2000 , in Ohio in 2004 , also in the stolen re-election of Governor Don Siegelman in Alabama in 2002 , also in the stolen re-election of Senator Max Cleland in Georgia in 2002 . ”
He went on to explain :
“ … basically , they use a kind of architecture that ’s called Man in the Middle , and it involves shunting election returns data through a separate computer somewhere else .
This is something that computer criminals do all the time with banks .
Spoonamore explains that the Man in the Middle setup is extremely effective and basically undetectable as a way to change election results . ”
Speaking about Ohio in 2004 , Miller said election results were coming into former Secretary of State and co-chair of the Bush - Cheney campaign , Ken Blackwell ’s website , in real time , then
“ … The election returns went basically from his website to another computer that was in a basement in Chattanooga , Tennessee , under the control of Spoonamore and a guy with another private company , another evangelical .
The data was shunted through that computer and then back to the Secretary of State ’s website .
Spoonamore says that this Man in the Middle setup has only one purpose , and that is fraud .
There ’s no other reason to do it .
And he believes that such a system is still in place in Ohio , it ’s in place in a number of other states .
And the crucial fact to bear in mind here , since we ’re talking about John McCain attacking ACORN and so on , is that Mike Connell is now working for John McCain . ”
On the subject of why , people who claim to be Christian , who assert they are the party of family values , would lie , cheat , and defraud others of their right to vote , Miller said :
“ Now , the scariest thing is that Connell told Spoonamore that the reason why he has helped Bush - Cheney steal these elections for the last eight years has been to save the babies .
See ?
We have to understand that there ’s a very powerful component of religious fanaticism at work in the election fraud conspiracy .
, … because the majority is a majority of unbelievers .
They ’re pro-choice .
They ’re corrupt .
They ’re evil .
They do n’t get it .
It ’s therefore necessary to fix election results in order to prevent the unjust and the unrighteous from taking over . ”
Such rationializations are originated by man to nobilize actions that are inexcusable .
For those who self - rightously declare themselves to be fighting this battle in God ’s name , the question is :
Where , in Jesus ’ teachings , is there a single instance where he says you may lie , cheat , steal , bear false witness , or commit any other sin in his name ?
On the contrary , the Ten Commandments in fact say “ You shall not make wrongful use of the name of the Lord your God , for the Lord will not acquit anyone who misuses his name . ”
While this is generally thought of as taking the name of God in vain , i.e. swearing , rationalizing actions in God ’s name that he has specifically condemned is the worst kind of wrongful use of God ’s name .
The lack of media coverage on this ongoing election fraud is beyond comprehension .
While giving days of coverage to the manufactured ACORN fraud , the real threat to our elections is ignored .
Journalists failed in their duty to seek the truth and report it before we invaded Iraq and again when the looming financial collapse surfaced at least two years ago .
In both instances , there were a few reports of what was really going on and any reasonable amount of due dilligence on the part of journalists would have led them to the truth .
Instead , while these life shattering , world shaking events were taking shape , the media spent its time “ reporting ” on Anna Nicole Smith , Paris Hilton , and the Angelina Jolie / Brad Pitt babies .
Now , with yet another issue , the supremely important integrity of our elections , looming on the horizon , the media must not shirk their duty again .
I would ask all those who consider themselves professional journalists to review and act according to their own code of ethics , which begins :
Members of the Society of Professional Journalists believe that public enlightenment is the forerunner of justice and the foundation of democracy .
The duty of the journalist is to further those ends by seeking truth and providing a fair and comprehensive account of events and issues .
( emphasis added )
Please see comments below for information to contact journalists online and urge them to get this issue on the air .
To call or write :
NBC News
30 Rockefeller Plaza
New York , N.Y. 10112
212-664-4444
CBS Headquarters
51 West 52 Street
New York , New York 10019-6188
212-975-7171
ABC , Inc .
500 S. Buena Vista Street
Burbank , CA 91521-4551
818-863-7777
_______
Trish Purcell
" The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress . ”
Frederick Douglass
About author Trish Purcell writes a political blog for the Paradise Post newspaper in Northern California
LUCKNOW , India ( Reuters ) - Flood victims demanding food and shelter beat up government officials in India on Friday as monsoon rains spread misery among millions of people across South Asia and forced thousands from their homes .
People use rickshaws to cross flooded areas after heavy rain in Guwahati , August 19 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Utpal Baruah / Files
Rising rivers have crumpled embankments , swamped farmlands and destroyed homes , killing almost 1,000 people since the monsoon rains began in June .
In India ’s eastern Bihar state , hungry villagers rioted for food , chasing and beating up officials and local politicians with iron rods .
They damaged government vehicles .
“ We do not understand their anger because the government is rushing relief and doing everything to save them , ” said R.K. Singh , a senior government official in Patna , the state capital .
Most deaths have been reported in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh , home to 170 million people .
Indian officials on Friday reported 50 more deaths , raising the toll there to 710 this season .
Monsoon rains have killed at least another 130 people in other parts of India this year , while Nepal has reported some 65 deaths and Bangladesh another 30 so far .
The monsoon is key to irrigating farmland in South Asia and driving economic growth in a region heavily reliant on agriculture .
But it leaves massive destruction in its wake , killing hundreds of people every year .
RESCUE BY BOAT
Officials in Uttar Pradesh have moved more than 10,000 people into temporary shelters after their houses were destroyed in floods .
Rescue workers used boats to ferry food packets , medicines and clothes to those marooned , Balwinder Kumar , a senior government official said on Friday .
More than 7,000 flood victims were being treated for water - borne diseases .
In neighbouring Bangladesh , more than 300,000 people have fled their homes and thousands have been marooned as heavy rains over the past week triggered fresh floods in southeastern Cox ’s Bazar district , officials said .
Several overflowing rivers in Cox ’s Bazar and nearby hill districts have flooded roads and damaged crops .
In Nepal , 40,000 flood victims were housed in relief camps .
“ We have collected enough food grains to feed them for two weeks but need tents , medical kits and other relief materials urgently , ” said government official Suman Ghimire .
( Additional reporting by Ruma Paul in Dhaka and Gopal Sharma in
Kathmandu )
The US election campaign , already breaking all records for fundraising and spending , is set to breach the $ 1bn ( £ 614 m ) mark this month , making it the costliest by far in American history .
The two candidates had raised a combined total of $ 961 m by the end of September , according to figures released this week .
But Barack Obama alone will almost certainly push that over the $ 1bn mark before the November 4 election .
The total cost of the presidential race could be as much as $ 2.4bn , according to the Centre for Responsive Politics , a Washington - based organisation that tracks political fundraising .
The group has calculated that the US elections as a whole could cost $ 5.3 bn when combining the candidates ' fundraising with the cost of the congressional election campaign and contributions from unions and other outside organisations and groups .
" The election will blow through historic records on a number of counts , " said Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the centre .
In 2004 John Kerry and George Bush raised $ 880.5 m in what was the most expensive election to date .
Obama has so much money available that he is easily outspending John McCain in advertising , which is the biggest expenditure .
Evan Tracey , president of the Campaign Media Analysis Group , which monitors spending on advertising , said Obama was close to saturation point .
" There is in essence no limit to what Obama can do .
He has the lion 's share of spending ... he has more money than TV space to buy , " Tracey said .
Since September Obama has bought 330,000 adverts in all the battleground states compared with 100,000 by McCain , Tracey said .
During his political career Obama has seen spending power as a key to victory .
He raised a staggering $ 153 m in September , bringing his fundraising total to $ 603 m so far .
Of this he has spent $ 470 m .
In September alone he spent $ 96.9 m , of which $ 65 m went on advertising , $ 5 m on travel , $ 1.1 m on polling , $ 1.8 m on postage , $ 1 m on setting up stages and $ 1.2 m on credit card fees .
He spent $ 3 m on staff wages but this does not begin to reflect the size of his campaign , which has attracted a huge volunteer base .
McCain , by contrast , is struggling to attract Republican volunteers and is offering $ 12 an hour for canvassers in Florida .
While Obama is free to continue with fundraising efforts this month , McCain has been hobbled by having accepted public finance of $ 84 m that prevents him from raising funds separately .
Having spent $ 37 m of that in September , he had only $ 47 m - which in normal times would have been seen as a substantial sum - for the remainder of the campaign .
Outside Obama 's campaign team , his biggest backers are the trade unions , who are spending tens of millions on advertising and campaign staff .
The United Steelworkers union , for instance , has 120 full - time staff working on campaigning for Obama , in addition to volunteers .
Gary Hubbard , a spokesman for the union , was yesterday unable to put an immediate figure on union spending but added : " Democracy ai n't cheap . "
The Obama team likes to portray its fundraising as a populist movement driven mainly by small donors , contributing $ 200 or less .
But in an analysis of the 800 - page file on fundraising and spending submitted by Obama under election law , the Washington Post found that only a quarter of the $ 600 m raised so far had come from small donors .
McCain potentially has access to the $ 80 m - plus the Republican party has in the bank but some state party officials - either because of coolness towards McCain on ideological grounds or because they do not want to waste cash on what they see as a losing campaign - have withheld funds .
Election inflation
Amount raised by all candidates in previous elections
1976 ( winner Jimmy Carter ) $ 171m
1980 ( Ronald Reagan ) $ 161.9 m
1984 ( Reagan ) $ 202m
1988 ( George Bush ) $ 324.4m
1992 ( Bill Clinton ) $ 331.1m
1996 ( Clinton ) $ 425.7m
2000 ( George W Bush ) $ 528.9 m
2004 ( Bush ) $ 880.5 m
He added : " Nicolas Sarkozy has charged me with reminding you that he commands an exclusive and absolute right over his image , regardless of his status and fame . "
While we hesitate to get political at mental_floss , we relish the opportunity to get historical .
Yesterday , it was reported that Cindy McCain accused Sen. Barack Obama of waging " the dirtiest campaign in American history . "
There 's no doubt that the mudslinging has certainly escalated in the last few weeks , but we 're not certain that this campaign is that much harsher than any one in the past ( in fact , it seems downright tamer ! ) .
Here are some highlights from Jenny Drapkin 's cover story on presidential campaigns that might change Cindy 's opinion , starting with Thomas Jefferson .
Thomas Jefferson Hires a Hatchet Man
" ... Jefferson 's camp accused President Adams of having a " hideous hermaphroditical character , which has neither the force and firmness of a man , nor the gentleness and sensibility of a woman . " 
In return , Adams ' men called Vice President Jefferson 'a mean - spirited , low - lived fellow , the son of a half - breed Indian squaw , sired by a Virginia mulatto father . '
As the slurs piled on , Adams was labeled a fool , a hypocrite , a criminal , and a tyrant , while Jefferson was branded a weakling , an atheist , a libertine , and a coward . "
Thankfully , the words " half - breed " and " hermaphroditical character " have n't come up in this election cycle .
More disturbing campaigning after the jump .
LBJ Links Goldwater to the Klan
" ... the Daisy Spot , arguably the most effective political ad of all time .
Although it aired only once during the 1964 campaign , many historians agree that it was responsible for keeping Lyndon Johnson in office , while insinuating that his Republican opponent , Barry Goldwater , was a trigger - happy extremist .
Although Johnson publicly decried the unfairness of the Daisy Spot , it was actually part of a secret ad campaign he orchestrated , the first of its kind to appear on television .
In fact , he thought the ad was hilarious and was disappointed when his advisors told him only to air it once .
That did n't stop the Johnson team from releasing other wildly manipulative commercials , however .
One of them showed a Klansman burning a cross and then featured a Klan member saying , ' I like Barry Goldwater .
He needs our help . '
In the end , Johnson won all but six states , securing one of the biggest victories the nation had ever seen .
From the Wildest Rides to the White House cover story , available here .
Hayes vs. Tilden : The Most Egregious Election in American History
" ... in 1876 , both the Republican candidate , Rutherford B. Hayes , and his opponent Samuel Tilden expected that Tilden — the Democrat — would win .
In fact , as the sun set on the eve of the election , both men went to bed believing that Tilden had carried the day .
Little did they know that in middle of the night , party operatives would be busy making sure that every vote did not count . "
More here .
Dick Tuck : The Democratic Mole who Undermined Nixon
" ... during a whistle - stop train tour on the same campaign , Tuck disguised himself as a conductor and ordered Nixon 's train to pull away from the station just as Nixon had begun a speech to the crowd .
When Nixon ran for President in 1968 , Tuck hired pregnant women to show up at his rallies wearing T - shirts that read ' Nixon 's the One . ' "
More here .
Every Tuesday at 2 p.m. , Bella Friedman steps onto the dais at the Museum of Tolerance , sits down on the straight - backed chair , folds her hands in her lap and looks out at the audience that has gathered to hear about life , death and the Holocaust .
She is 82 , neatly coiffed , with tailored pantsuits that hide the tattoo on her left forearm .
She is the only member of her immediate family to survive .
She brings pictures of the people she lost .
Her mission : to make sure the world does not forget .
But Friedman also has dementia .
She has trouble now speaking English and communicates best in Yiddish , the language of her childhood .
She sits in front of the theater -- silent , compelled -- while museum staffers project an interview she gave in 1995 on the wall above her frail silhouette .
The digital woman tells the story the flesh - and - blood survivor from Radom , Poland , no longer can : “ The whole ghetto was liquidated .
They pushed us into cattle cars .
. . .
We could n’t breathe . ”
Advertisement
There are few better places than the museum ’s intimate theater to witness history ’s slow fade .
Six days a week , a small cadre of survivors -- average age , early 80s -- gives testimony here to the Holocaust ’s horrors .
Each year the group dwindles as one or two aging volunteers dies .
The Los Angeles museum ’s ranks were never all that big to begin with , because most Holocaust survivors remain mute about their painful pasts .
More than 60 years later , only a minority has found that remembrance can bring healing .
These days , many of the 30 or so survivors who volunteer at the museum feel increasing pressure to speak up in their own way , reaching out to as many listeners as possible before being silenced by disease or death .
In less than a generation , they all will be gone .
Few people have been more aware of that fact than Bella Friedman ( Tuesdays at 2 p.m. ) , Lion Cohen ( every other Thursday at 3 p.m. ) , and Eva Brown ( usually Tuesdays at 3 p.m. ) .
Advertisement
“ I was so silent for 50 years and kept everything bottled in , and now I do n’t know how to shut up , ” said the diminutive Brown , 81 , who just learned that her leukemia is back after a too brief remission .
“ It ’s so critical to tell our story .
Because you ’re here today and gone tomorrow . ”
Cohen , 82 , had a fondness for bright plaid shirts and a history of heart disease .
To rapt groups of students and tourists , the former chef described years as a Dutch teenager hiding from the Nazis in a rural attic , long stretches flat on his back or stomach .
By the time he was liberated by the Canadian army , his legs no longer worked .
Most of his family was dead .
Cohen gave his last talk in the museum ’s Wosk Theater on July 31 .
Five days later , he died of a massive heart attack .
He was buried near his sister Henriette From , an Auschwitz survivor , at Mount Sinai Memorial Park .
He was scheduled to speak again on Aug. 14 .
“ There would have been nothing stopping him , ” said his niece , Eveline Bermudez of Mission Viejo .
“ I know my mother wanted to do it too , but she was n’t well enough .
It ’s very important for them to be heard , listened to , for their story to be told .
It ’s important for us to know too . ”
Advertisement
Cohen came late to telling his story .
He had volunteered at the Museum of Tolerance for about the last year and a half , but those talks , Bermudez said , were the highlight of his last chapter , “ a special time for him . ”
“ It meant a lot for the children to respect him and listen to him and ask questions , ” Bermudez said .
“ It was a therapeutic way for him to express himself and let young people know that this actually did happen and there was no disputing that . ”
Michael Berenbaum , a Holocaust scholar at the American Jewish University in Los Angeles , said that only in the last decade or so have survivors in their 70s , 80s and 90s begun to speak out in great numbers .
By talking publicly and regularly about the most painful experiences of their lives , he said , “ they return again and again to gain mastery and , in a certain respect , to salvage from the ashes something not wholly negative .
Those who do n’t , endure in trauma . ”
Advertisement
The women and men most compelled to tell their stories despite frailty and increasing age , Berenbaum said , probably share a similar motivation : “ Do you want to be a teacher or a person who is diminished and destroyed and whose vitality is robbed from them by pain ? ”
That would have been an easy question for Friedman to answer before dementia stole her voice .
About a dozen years ago , she went on the March of the Living , a trek by teenagers and Holocaust survivors to concentration camp sites in Poland , then on to Israel .
About the same time , she began appearing regularly at the Museum of Tolerance .
“ The last time she spoke at the museum when I was there , she did n’t actually speak .
I read her notes , ” said daughter Marianne Cohen , who lives in Ft. Lauderdale , Fla .
“ That was about a year ago .
. . .
But she still needs to tell it . ”
Advertisement
These days , all Friedman can do is hand out aging family photos when her video presentation ends on Tuesday afternoons .
She fields a gentle question or two and tries her best to answer .
Her voice barely rises above a whisper .
And then she goes home .
Eva Brown takes the floor at the Wosk Theater when Friedman is finished .
A neat Hungarian woman with salt - and - pepper hair and courtly manners , Brown figures she has told her story thousands of times in the last seven years .
She ’s spoken at the museum and in churches , at schools and universities , in person and via video conference .
She ’s addressed children , teachers , law enforcement officers , religious officials , tourists .
Her West Hollywood bungalow is filled with thank - you notes from people who have heard her story .
Talking , she says , is a lot like forgiveness :
Hard to do , but harder not to .
Advertisement
“ I want people to hear my cry , my sadness , my losses , and it ’s very hard , ” she said in a recent interview .
“ But I choose to do that .
. . .
Keeping silent ?
It ’s not good enough just to remember .
You have to verbalize your pain . ”
She understands those who choose not to speak ; her late husband , Ernie , was among them .
The only member of his family to survive the Holocaust , he was consumed with bitterness , Brown said , even turning away from his own daughters when they asked him what happened during World War II .
“ He said , ‘ Your mother speaks for me , ’ ” Brown recounted .
“ ‘ It ’s too painful , and I ’m too angry . ’ ”
In the Museum of Tolerance ’s small theater , Brown ’s voice is eerily even , whether she is describing happy years in her hometown of Putnok , Hungary , or the corpses that littered Auschwitz .
The wisdom of her father , a rabbi , or the death march on which dehydration pushed her to drink her own urine .
Forgiveness or fear .
Advertisement
There is , however , a single grammatical giveaway in her hourlong recitation , a moment so brief it is easy to miss .
As she narrates her way through 10 concentration camps and the loss of 60 loved ones , Brown is always completely present : “ They shaved my hair . ” “ I lost my identity . ” “ That was the last time I saw my family . ”
“ The dog attacked me . ”
Until she describes her arrival at Auschwitz .
Then “ I ” becomes “ you , ” as if she still cannot bear to put herself in the awful moment , having just helped carry corpses from a cattle car , seeing the guards and dogs and electrified barbed wire for the very first time , knowing what happened there .
“ You ’re 16 years old , ” she tells the audience , voice soft and gravelly , back straight , microphone gripped in both small hands .
“ And you had an idyllic childhood , so much love and security .
You just really , you become numb .
Your fear was so great that you did n’t feel anything .
Advertisement
“ And because the circumstances were so uncertain and you could n’t really plan or you could n’t think , you had no emotion and no feeling anymore . ”
But what she describes ironically as “ the highlights ” of her story -- the loss , pain and degradation , the shaved heads , prisoner suicides and crematories -- are not the point .
She barely gets to them until the last 30 minutes .
What opens her up is what she describes as her “ sacred duty to tell our story . ”
That duty , she told a hushed audience in late August , has three equally important parts .
To honor the 6 million victims “ who have no voice . ”
To rebut those who would dare debunk the Holocaust .
And “ the third reason , to ask all of you to be tolerant .
. . .
This is our solemn duty to emphasize that .
Not to be a bystander . ”
Advertisement
Last October , Brown published her memoir , “ If You Save One Life . ”
In November , she was diagnosed with leukemia .
She finished two months of chemotherapy in June and hoped to have a cancer - free year to continue the work that consumes her .
It was not to be .
Chemotherapy began again a month ago .
She describes it as “ inhumanely unbearable , ” strong words from a concentration camp survivor .
Life now is day - by - day .
If all goes well , Brown will resume her regular Tuesday schedule at the museum this month .
Brown figures faith will get her through these next hard weeks .
After all , it worked during the Holocaust .
Advertisement
Or as she told one woman in late August , who heard her story at the museum and asked how a survivor can continue to believe in God : “ That ’s all that ’s left .
Everything was taken away from me .
The only thing left is God . ”
The questioner was Bonnie Brannon of Monrovia , and the two women walked out of the theater together .
“ You really are short , ” Brannon commented .
“ Yes , ” Brown said , “ but when I talk , I feel like I ’m 6 feet tall . ”
Advertisement
--
maria.laganga@latimes.com
We suspect this exchange between " the big cat team " and Kiko the cheetah will not be making the Land Rover promo reels , but it should .
Here we watch as " that bloke in that car that the cheetah poo'd through the roof hatch on " earns his moniker the old - fashioned way — by catching a falling cheetah choad .
With his hand .
In a napkin .
At this point typing is incredibly difficult , what with the spontaneous bouts of uncontrolled , juvenile chuckling , so we 'll just let you watch for yourselves .
[ Youtube ]
Advertisement
Photos Drive this airplane View photos Icon Aircraft is readying a light - sport aircraft owners can fly with only a driver 's license and 20 hours of flight training .
Take a peek at the A5 , coming in 2010 .
ICON AIRCRAFT A5 PRICE : Starts at $ 139,000 SEATS : 2 WINGSPAN : 34 feet TOP SPEED : 120 mph ALTITUDE : Up to 10,000 feet RANGE : 300 miles on a 20 - gallon tank
( Fortune Small Business ) -- Spurred by the FAA 's easing of licensing requirements for pilots of low - altitude " light sport " aircraft , former Air Force pilot Kirk Hawkins set about developing a premium light sport plane - the Ferrari of the skies .
Icon Aircraft 's first model , the A5 , was recently unveiled and opened for advance orders .
Since licensing for the planes requires only a driver 's license and 20 hours of instruction , Hawkins expects brisk demand and sales of at least 500 planes a year .
At presstime he was taking order No. 218 ; deliveries begin in late 2010 .
" Think of low - altitude flying as off - road airspace , " says Hawkins , 41 .
" With the new regulations , the FAA acknowledged a market for consumers who do n't want to fly at 30,000 feet at Mach 0.8 . "
So how fast can these things fly ?
Fortune Small Business got the skinny on the A5 , and a look at its prototype .
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
By Manny Mogato
MANILA , Aug 11 ( Reuters ) - Fierce clashes between Muslim separatists and government troops have displaced nearly 130,000 people in the southern Philippines , officials said on Monday , but vowed to press on with a local election .
The separatist Moro Islamic Liberation Front had called for elections in the six - province Autonomous Region of Muslim Mindanao to be cancelled because they want a new Muslim homeland with more political powers established as part of a comprehensive peace deal .
Air force planes bombed suspected MILF positions in North Cotabato province on Sunday after hundreds of guerrillas refused to leave Catholic farmlands they have occupied since last month .
But the military said the escalating violence would not halt voting in local elections in Muslim areas elsewhere on the resource - rich southern island of Mindanao on Monday .
For story click on [ nMAN50920 ]
" Fighting has not spilled over to the Muslim areas , " Brigadier - General Jorge Segovia , an army spokesman , said .
" We have sufficient forces to contain the violence in North Cotabato . "
Nearly 130,000 people fled their homes and more than half were staying in temporary shelters .
Dozens of houses were destroyed , disaster official said .
An agreement on the size of a Muslim homeland and a future government 's powers , including rights over exploring and developing mineral reserves , oil and gas , was halted last week by the Supreme Court amid protests by Catholic politicians .
" We really wanted the elections postponed because it could delay the implementation of any agreement that would be reached if the two sides conclude a deal by November 2009 , " Mohaqher Iqbal , MILF chief peace negotiator , told Reuters .
Legal experts say the Supreme Court will likely rule the territorial deal unconstitutional and order the MILF and the government back to the drawing board .
Traders in Manila said the elections and violence were having little impact on sentiment for the peso , bonds and stocks .
The main stock index <. PSI > was up 3 percent hitting four - month highs on the back of Wall Street 's rally on Friday .
The peso < PHP= > was quoted at 44.46 against the dollar , slightly weaker than Friday 's close at 44.34 due to dollar strength .
" Unless we get a full - blown war over there then that 's the only time it might significantly affect , " said one foreign exchange trader
Election officials said despite the violence turnout was good with queues outside polling stations before voting started .
Automated counting will be used for the first time .
" It seems that we are having a good election , and the people , our brothers and sisters in the south are showing us the way , " Jose Melo , head of the elections body , said .
An estimated 1.6 million voters will choose a new governor , a vice governor and 24 members of a regional legislative assembly that would serve a three - year term .
( Reporting by Manny Mogato ; editing by Carmel Crimmins and Sanjeev Miglani )
2019 Adobe Spark Review : Does the Mini Site Builder Live Up to the Hype ?
Adobe is constantly changing and upgrading its tech to offer you the best stuff .
We were fortunate enough to get to use Adobe Slate and Adobe Voice , both programs that gave us a wide range of site - building tools for the web page .
Now we have Adobe Spark … and many of you are a little skeptical about it .
It ’s a relatively new program , and you ’re still trying to understand it and see if it ’s worth your time .
Thankfully , you do n’t have to worry about finding out yourself ; we ’ve already done the work for you in this Adobe Spark review .
The Adobe Spark Review : Is It Worth the Hype ?
Surprisingly , Spark did more than just meet expectations ; in some areas , it even exceeded them .
Read on to find out what this little guy can do .
It Goes Ham on the Graphics
We all know that Adobe is a beast when it comes to computer graphics ( check : Adobe Flash Player and Photoshop ) but Spark has some impressive graphics features of its own .
This little guy can do real work with graphics and videos , so creating and editing any images or footage is a breeze .
You Can Create Custom Quotes
The quote creator is arguably one of the coolest features in Spark .
Instead of having to use another program to create a quote poster for you , you can just make one in the Spark program .
Yes , it ’s exactly as it sounds .
You can take a known quote ( or make up your own ) and add it to a specific backdrop of your choice , creating a poster that ’s every bit as unique as you are .
After you get the hang of the program , we ’re sure you ’ll be creating quote posters every chance you get .
It ’s Very User - Friendly
Learning how to effectively use programs like InDesign and Photoshop can take months or even years of working in them to learn what they can really do .
Except you do n’t have months or years to learn something .
You have maybe a week , tops .
Spark is easy to use for this reason .
Most Spark users do n’t have a lot of expertise in the web and graphic design fields , but by using Spark they can still create beautiful finishes without having to work hard to get them .
It ’s FREE !!
The best part about the Adobe Spark program is that you can start using it for free .
You heard that correctly .
Everything that we mentioned above can be used for free , so you can get your hands on everything that you need to make your business soar .
If you want to really jump - start your business , we think that Adobe Spark is the way to go about doing just that .
Stay in the Know
Now you know everything about Spark thanks to our Adobe Spark review .
But trust us when we say that is n’t all that we have to offer .
Our site is the best place to go if you want to stay in the know .
We have all the news on the latest and greatest , including computer software , Android and iPhone apps , business tips , sweet new gadgets , and so much more .
Come on and have a look around .
There ’s something for everyone here .
Eco-Rigs Will Provide Power and Food to Japan
September 3rd , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Desperation often yields innovation .
In Japan , fear of rising food prices and low fish stocks has led scientists to create the “ eco-rig ” .
The eco-rig , which is actually a giant floating generator , uses solar and wind power to produce approximately 300 MWh .
Though some energy is lost moving the electricity onshore , the effect is the same as with a nuclear power station .
And the eco-rig does more than just produce power .
A portion of the energy produced on each rig will be used to fuel large underwater banks of LEDs .
The LED ’s will nurture selected species of seaweed that both absorb CO2 and feed fish and plankton — hopefully replenishing the dwindling Japanese fish stocks .
The rigs will be unmanned , and will have have large nets designed to support wind turbines as well as photovoltaic generators placed between them .
We wo n’t have to wait long to see the eco-rigs in action — scientists involved in the project believe that large - scale deployment is about three years away .
If the eco-rigs are successful in Japan , I see no reason why they ca n’t be used elsewhere in the world to provide both energy and food security .
More Posts on Clean Technology :
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
About the Author Ariel Schwartz was formerly the editor of CleanTechnica and is a senior editor at Co. Exist .
She has contributed to SF Weekly , Popular Science , Inhabitat , Greenbiz , NBC Bay Area , GOOD Magazine , and more .
A graduate of Vassar College , she has previously worked in publishing , organic farming , documentary film , and newspaper journalism .
Her interests include permaculture , hiking , skiing , music , relocalization , and cob ( the building material ) .
She currently resides in San Francisco , CA .
She really is George Bush in lipstick .
Katie Couric asks Palin another one of those " gotcha " questions , this time about which publications she reads to learn about the world .
Download Download
COURIC : And when it comes to establishing , I was curious , what newspapers and magazines did you regularly read before you were tapped for this to stay informed and understand the world ?
PALIN : I 've read most of them , again with a great appreciation for the press , for the media .
COURIC : Like what ones specifically ?
PALIN : Umm ... all of them .
Any of them that have been in front of me over all these years .
COURIC : Can you name any of them ?
PALIN : I have a vast variety of sources where we get our news ...
Alaska is n't a foreign country where it 's kind of suggested it seems like , wow how could you keep in touch with what the rest of Washington , DC may be thinking and doing , when you live up there in Alaska .
Believe me , Alaska is like a microcosm of America .
Since its discovery in the early 1990s , functional MRI has been the basis for more than 19,000 studies of the living , working brain .
The technique allows scientists an unprecedented glimpse of the brain regions that are most active during particular tasks or states of mind , but it does not do so directly : the scans measure blood flow , which seems to increase around neurons that are firing .
Neurons are not directly connected to blood vessels , however , so until now the mechanism underlying fMRI ’s robust success has been a mystery .
Now a team from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology reveals that the support cells dubbed astrocytes ( because of their star - shaped bodies ) form the link between neurons and blood vessels , as reported in the July 7 issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The neuroscientists used a technique called two - photon microscopy , which harnesses light particles to image very small structures , to observe cells in ferrets ’ brains .
As the animals were shown different animated graphics , neurons responded within milliseconds , and astrocytes became active seconds later — matching the time delay that neuroimagers have long known accompanies blood flow to active brain regions .
When the M.I.T. team blocked astrocyte function , the ferrets ’ neurons fired as usual , but blood flow did not increase .
When researchers use fMRI , co-author Mriganka Sur explains , “ we are really measuring astrocyte activation .
Thus , anything that influences astrocytes is likely to influence fMRI . ”
This finding could add a layer of complexity to the interpretation of fMRI scans , because astrocytes may be subject to a different set of genetic and environ­mental influences than neurons are .
But the more re­searchers understand about what is really happening when the brain “ lights up ” in an fMRI scan , the better they will be able to use the technology to learn about human cognition .
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " Brain - Scan Mystery Solved " .
New Zealand is known for sheep , rugby , and dramatic filming locations .
However , it will also be known for being the first place in the world with a 3 - strikes law for copyright infringement .
The Copyright Amendment Act 2008 gained royal assent earlier this year , and goes into effect at the end of February 2009 .
Opposition to this bill , despite being signed into law , is still growing though .
Previously we ’ve discussed how certain countries have been pushing for laws requiring ISPs to disconnect filesharers , if they receive multiple notices alleging copyright infringement .
This proposal has been struck down by the EU , and no - one but lobby groups seems to want it .
However , over in New Zealand a law requiring ISPs to disconnect repeat copyright infringers has been proposed , passed and signed into law .
The law , Copyright ( New Technologies ) Amendment Act 2008 adds a new section to deal with Internet Service Providers and copyright infringement .
Yet , opposition from ISPs , and Internet user groups may see it being struck down or modified before it goes into force .
The section in question , 92A reads
Internet service provider must have policy for terminating accounts of repeat infringers
(1) An Internet service provider must adopt and reasonably implement a policy that provides for termination , in appropriate circumstances , of the account with that Internet service provider of a repeat infringer .
(2) In subsection ( 1 ) , repeat infringer means a person who repeatedly infringes the copyright in a work by using 1 or more of the Internet services of the Internet service provider to do a restricted act without the consent of the copyright owner .
Opposition to this section of law has been steady , with six industry bodies that have opposed the law meeting with government ministers .
Indications from Communications Minister David Cunliffe and Associate Commerce Minister Judith Tizard , are that if the opposing groups and rights holders can come to an agreement by developing a workable code of practice , the law can be reworded .
Tizard also reiterated strongly that the law was going ahead , and it would do so because of ‘ Internet piracy ’ , according to one of the meeting ’s participants
The issue at the heart of the debate is that of proof .
InternetNZ head Keith Davidson told New Zealand ’s Stuff , that he wanted to see an element of proof being required before people are cut off .
A position understandable with the recent bad press given to copyright infringement allegations in the US , both in studies , and the courtroom .
Countering him was the CEO of the NZ Recording Industry Association , telling Stuff that proving the guilt of infringers in a court of law , before any penalty is dealt out would be “ impractical and ridiculous ” , a sentiment also shared by his American counterparts .
A provision to penalize false or inaccurate accusations was in the bill at one point , after dealings by the group of six with a select committee .
However , Tizard stated that it was inappropriate , as the Cabinet had already decided the law was to go ahead as was , and that people should n’t be surprised .
New Zealand is also in the middle of an election ( voting day is November 8th ) so there may be a change of ministers soon .
These may be more amenable to changing the wording of the law , to be based on proof , not simple accusations .
As always though , nothing is certain for the 3.3 million kiwi’s ( around 80 % of the population ) on the net , except they are considered less important than the greed of lobby groups .
Free the Unborn !
A proposal for slowing down politics .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 21st October 2008
The problem is simply stated .
As Gordon Brown – discussing what he perceives to be an improvement in his political fortunes – says , “ an hour is a long time in politics . ” ( 1) ( It used to be a week , but everything is speeding up ) .
To remain in office or to remain in business , decision - makers must privilege the present over the future .
Discount rates ensure that investments made today are worth nothing in ten years ’ time ; the political cycle demands that no one looks beyond the next election .
The financial crisis is just one consequence of a system which demands that governments sacrifice long - term survival for short - term gains .
In this case political leaders on both sides of the Atlantic – from Reagan to Brown – decided to appease business lobbyists and boost short - term growth by allowing the banks to use new financial instruments , many of which were as dodgy as a three - pound coin .
It made perfect political sense , as long as the inevitable crash took place after they left office .
For similar reasons we are likely to be ambushed by other nasty surprises : runaway climate change , resource depletion , foreign policy blowback , new surveillance and genetic technologies , skills shortages , demographic change , a declining tax base , private and public debt .
Politics is the art of shifting trouble from the living to the unborn .
At first sight , the government ’s strengthening last week of the UK ’s climate change target looks like an exception to this political short - termism .
In fact something rather interesting is taking place in this country .
While prime ministers in Italy and eastern Europe demand a bonfire of environmental measures in order to save the economy ( 2 ) , in the UK politicians from all the major parties have made the connection between environmental destruction and economic meltdown .
One of the fastest - spreading memes is the proposal for a green new deal : a Keynesian package of environmental works designed to boost employment and channel public investment ( 3 ) .
If this idea is adopted it wo n’t be the first time that it has helped to rescue a major economy .
The biggest and most successful component of Roosevelt ’s New Deal was the Civilian Conservation Corps , which employed three million people to plant trees and stop soil erosion ( 4 ) .
But all such proposals soon collide with the realities of the political cycle .
As Ed Miliband , the climate change secretary , admitted , “ signing up to an 80 per cent cut in 2050 , when most of us will not be around , is the easy part ; the hard part is meeting it , and meeting the milestones that will show we are on track . ” ( 5 ) A recent paper in the journal Energy Policy shows that the government is pursuing the wrong policies to meet the wrong targets , produced by using the wrong methods to assess the wrong data .
( Otherwise it ’s more or less on track ) .
The paper shows that to help deliver even a small chance of preventing two degrees of global warming , the UK can generate a maximum of 17 to 23 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide between 2000 and 2050 ( 6 ) .
In the first five years of this decade we produced 3.6 billion tonnes : at this rate our carbon budget would run out by 2028 .
To hit the government ’s temperature targets , the UK ’s carbon emissions need to fall by between six and nine percent a year from 2012 onwards .
At the moment they ’re still rising .
Current policy , in other words , bears no relationship to the long - term target .
On this trajectory , the only way in which the government could meet its obligations under the climate change bill would be to buy the cut from other countries , which means that it will make no contribution to a global reduction .
But at least in this case there ’s a recognition that current policies have long - term implications .
Elsewhere , the government simply refuses to look beyond the present , for fear of seeing something it does n’t like .
For example , it has failed to conduct any assessment of global oil supply .
When I asked the business department what contingency plans it possesses to meet the eventuality that oil production might peak , it told me “ the Government does not feel the need to hold contingency plans ” ( 7 ) .
The survival of our transport networks – and therefore of the economy – is secured by touching wood and crossing fingers .
In other cases , the question is n’t even raised .
Food policy everywhere is governed by the expectation that crop yields can keep growing to meet rising demand .
A possible limiting factor is the supply of the phosphorus rock required to make fertiliser .
I asked the researcher Tom Bailey to produce an assessment of global phosphate deposits which can be exploited at reasonable prices ( 8 ) .
He found that there is a wide range of estimates and a good deal of confusion between reserves ( known deposits which can be readily exploited ) and resources ( the total geological stock ) .
The most extensive survey published so far suggests that the global demand for phosphate is likely roughly to double by 2050 ( 9 ) .
Can this demand be met without pricing food out of the mouths of the poor ?
Perhaps .
Some reports suggest that phosphate constraints will provoke a global food crisis by the middle of the century .
This , in other words , is a critical , even existential , question .
Yesterday I searched the past five years of parliamentary records in the UK .
It has n’t been discussed once .
But the possibility that aircraft passengers and crew might be exposed to trace amounts of another phosphorus compound – tricresyl phosphate – has been mentioned 1670 times over the same period .
This is a miniscule issue by comparison to the question of whether or not the world might be fed .
But it has the great political virtue of affecting people today .
In 1791 Thomas Paine complained that “ the vanity and presumption of governing beyond the grave is the most ridiculous and insolent of all tyrannies ” ( 10 ) .
He was answering Edmund Burke ’s contention that a declaration made by parliament in 1688 bound the people of England “ for ever ” .
A parliament which considers only the immediate consequences of its decisions imposes the same insolent tyranny on succeeding generations .
They have no means of contesting the legacy of economic crises , depleted resources and limited choices we bequeath to them .
What can be done about political short - termism ?
With the environmental thinker Matthew Prescott , I ’ve hatched what might be a partial solution .
We propose a new parliamentary body – the 100 Year Committee – whose purpose is to assess the likely impacts of current policy in 10 , 20 , 50 and 100 years ’ time .
Like any other select committee , it gathers evidence , publishes reports and makes recommendations to the government .
It differs only in that it has no interest in the current political cycle .
Its maximum timeframe is roughly the residence time of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
The members of this committee would not be equipped with crystal balls ; they would simply be released from the need to balance the interests of the present against a heavily - discounted future .
Their purpose would be to provide a voice for those who have not yet been enfranchised .
A 100 Year Committee can’t insure us against political stupidity , but it deprives governments of one of their excuses : that they could n’t see trouble coming .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Andrew Rawnsley , 12th October 2008 .
Why the crisis puts a spring in the Prime Minister ’s step .
The Observer .
2. David Gow , 16th October 2008 .
EU pledges to lead climate change fight despite financial crisis .
The Guardian .
3. Andrew Simms et al , July 2008 .
A Green New Deal .
New Economics Foundation .
http://www.neweconomics.org/gen/z_sys_publicationdetail.aspx?pid=258
4. Neil M. Maher , 2008 .
Nature ’s New Deal .
Oxford University Press .
5. Edward Miliband , 16th October 2008 .
Statement to the House of Commons .
http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200708/cmhansrd/cm081016/debtext/81016-0006.htm#08101662000006
6. Kevin Anderson , Alice Bows and Sarah Mander , 8th August 2008 .
From long - term targets to cumulative emission pathways : Reframing UK climate policy .
Energy Policy 36 , 3714–3722 .
7. DBERR , 8th April 2008 .
Response to FoI request Ref 08/0091 .
8 . Please contact me if you would like a copy of his assessment .
9. Ingrid Steen , September - October 1998 .
Phosphate Recovery .
Phosphorus and Potassium , no .
217 .
http://www.nhm.ac.uk/research-curation/projects/phosphate-recovery/p&k217/steen.htm
10 . Thomas Paine , 1791 .
The Rights of Man , pp41 - 42 .
Penguin edition , 1984 .
Want a President who is n’t afraid to ignore important votes for renewable energy and unafraid to lie to your face ?
Vote John McCain .
Two recent bills in support of promoting renewable energy nearly made it to the the Senate floor –they fell one vote short .
Needing 60 votes to progress , each failed with a tally of 59 for –40 against–and 1 senator absent .
Guess which senator missed the votes that could have moved our country and our economy towards cleaner , greener , pastures ?
You guessed it –The Maverick !
And guess who was absent on 6 other similar votes this year and last ?
Yep–Maverick again !
And guess who , when asked about those missed votes , told U.S. citizens “.. I have not missed any crucial vote ” ?
Mav !
At a time when we are in desperate need of a global clean - up can we afford to elect a Maverick who stated last December that the “ truly clean technologies do n’t work . ” ?
( By the way this is the same one - man think tank that called the fundamentals of our economy strong , only a few weeks back ! )
Time to elect a leader who has a clue …
Now that ’s a good question .
Frank Rich : “ Does a bellicose Vietnam veteran who rushed to hitch his star to the self - immolating overreaches of Ahmad Chalabi , Pervez Musharraf and Mikheil Saakashvili have the judgment to keep America safe ? ”
The Voting Machine Company Counters With a Strongly Worded Response But Fails to Answer the Critical Question : Do Their Machines Count Votes Accurately ?
John Gideon Byon
10/20/2008 , 3:29 pm PT
Guest Blogged by John Gideon , VotersUnite .
Org
As I briefly reported in Friday night 's " Daily Voting News " a New Jersey Superior Court Judge has ruled that a court - ordered Princeton University report critical of the state 's Sequoia Advantage DRE ( touch - screen ) voting machines could be released to the public .
The only stipulation was that four paragraphs and a number of appendices were to be redacted .
The 158 - page report [ PDF ] was released publicly on Friday afternoon warning , among other things , that :
The lost votes during New Jersey 's Super Tuesday elections " were caused by two different programming errors on the part of Sequoia "
" New Jersey should not use any version of the AVC Advantage that it has not actually examined with the assistance of skilled computer - security experts . "
" The AVC Advantage ’s susceptibility to installation of a fraudulent vote - counting program is far more than an imperfection : it is a fatal flaw . "
" The AVC Advantage is too insecure to use in New Jersey . "
Before the Princeton report was even released , however , Sequoia Voting Systems issued a press statement [ PDF ] and a scathing response to the Princeton report .
The Sequoia response , all 19 pages , is a strongly worded attack on the Princeton computer scientists and their motives , but fails to respond at all to , perhaps , the most crucial point in the devastating Princeton report ...
One paragraph is typical of the language of Sequoia 's response report :
In particular , we take the academics to task for their inflammatory tone - using " steal " over 100 times , their editorializing on the wonders of paper ballots and optical scanning , their numerous factual errors and cases of intellectual dishonesty ( several of which we will highlight ) , and their inappropriate and uninformed extrapolations to versions of the AVC Advantage that were not studied .
But while Sequoia was busy throwing darts at the Princeton research team , culled from computer scientists and security experts from around the world , and calling their motives into question , the voting machine company seems to have forgotten to mention something in their response .
Something very important .
As previously reported by The BRAD BLOG ( here and here ) the reason for the original lawsuit , the court case , the inspection and resulting report was that at least 38 Sequoia voting machines used in the February 2008 primary election in 8 counties had significant anomalies .
In Section VI of the Princeton Report they explain [ emphasis added ] :
Certain county clerks , and others , noticed inconsistencies in the printed paper results reports from New Jerseys ' Presidential Primary election of February 5 , 2008 .
We have found that these were caused by two distinct design flaws or programming errors in the AVC Advantage voting machine .
As a consequence of these flaws , voters were disenfranchised .
Sequoia 's response goes through the Princeton report section by section , sub-section by sub-section but when they get to Section VI --- and specifically sub-section 56 where the Princeton team discusses the specific failures of the machines to count the voters votes accurately --- Sequoia is silent .
No comments .
The Help America Vote Act of 2002 ( HAVA ) , Section 301 ( a ) ( 5 ) , requires that the vote - counting error rate of each voting system used in federal elections must comply with the 2002 Voluntary Voting Systems Standards .
It does not matter whether the system , as pointed out by Sequoia several times in their response , was tested and certified to the 1990 standards or the 2002 standards .
Federal law requires that for operation in an election , the allowable error rate is 1 error in 10,000,000 ballot lines ( 0.00001 % ) .
It appears that Sequoia has no arguments to respond to the failure of their voting system to accurately count votes ; a failure that is a violation of federal law .
Energy companies in and around the U.S. Gulf of Mexico continued to ratchet up operations , although there are early signs crude - oil and natural - gas output could once again be disrupted by a hurricane .
More than 20 % of oil output and about 30 % of natural - gas production in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico had been restored as of Sunday , according to ...
In his Word of the Day commentary yesterday , Stephen Colbert put forward a ringing defense of the NSA 's spying program .
Responding to reports that NSA employees are routinely listening in on the personal calls of US soldiers and aid workers stationed abroad , Colbert reminds viewers that " it 's a lot easier to listen to Americans , they speak English . "
%3Cembed%20 flashvars%3D%22videoId%3D188585%22%20src%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.comedycentral.com%2Fsitewide%2Fvideo_player%2Fview%2Fdefault%2Fswf.jhtml%22%20quality%3D%22high%22%20bgcolor%3D%22%23cccccc%22%20width%3D%22332%22%20height%3D%22316%22%20name%3D%22comedy_central_player%22%20align%3D%22middle%22%20allowscriptaccess%3D%22always%22%20allownetworking%3D%22external%22%20type%3D%22application%2Fx-shockwave-flash%22%20pluginspage%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.macromedia.com%2Fgo%2Fgetflashplayer%22%20allow%3D%22autoplay%22%3E%3C%2Fembed%3E
Privacy info .
This embed will serve content from comedycentral.com
The clip is also available here .
How Much Does It Cost You in Wages if You “ Sound Black ? ”
Fascinating new research by my University of Chicago colleague , Jeffrey Grogger , compares the wages of people who “ sound black ” when they talk to those who do not .
His main finding : blacks who “ sound black ” earn salaries that are 10 percent lower than blacks who do not “ sound black , ” even after controlling for measures of intelligence , experience in the work force , and other factors that influence how much people earn .
( For what it is worth , whites who “ sound black ” earn 6 percent lower than other whites . )
How does Grogger know who “ sounds black ? ”
As part of a large longitudinal study called the National Longitudinal Survey of Youth , follow - up validation interviews were conducted over the phone and recorded .
Grogger was able to take these phone interviews , purge them of any identifying information , and then ask people to try to identify the voices as to whether the speaker was black or white .
The listeners were pretty good at distinguishing race through voices : 98 percent of the time they got the gender of the speaker right , 84 percent of white speakers were correctly identified as white , and 77 percent of black speakers were correctly identified as black .
Grogger asked multiple listeners to rate each voice and assigned the voice either to a distinctly white or black category ( if the listeners all tended to agree on the race ) , or an indistinct category if there was disagreement .
Then he put this measure of whether a voice sounded black into a regression ( the standard statistical tool that economists use for estimating things ) , and came up with the finding that blacks who “ sound black ” earn almost 10 percent less , even after taking into account other factors that could influence earnings .
One piece of interesting good news is that blacks who do not “ sound black ” earn essentially the same as whites .
( It turns out you do n’t want to sound southern , either .
Although pretty imprecisely estimated , it is almost as bad for your wages to sound southern as it is to sound black , even controlling for whether you live in the south . )
So what does this all mean ?
The first question to ask is whether the impact of speech on wages is a causal one .
It is possible that there are many other characteristics that differ between blacks who do or do not “ sound black ” that Grogger cannot control for in his regressions .
It does seem likely that the biases at work would make his estimate an upper bound .
( Although it should also be noted that his estimates are for young people , and the importance of speech may become important with age , in which case his results might underestimate the long - run effects . )
If one believes Grogger ’s effects are causal , then investing in the ability to not “ sound black ” looks to have a huge return — roughly of the same magnitude as getting one more year of schooling .
Of course , there is the issue of one ’s identity .
There may be personal costs associated with being black and not sounding black .
But these costs would have to be pretty large .
( When I have Asian Ph.D. students go on the job market in the United States , I tell them that I think there is rampant discrimination against non-English speakers and encourage them to adopt Americanized first names for the job market .
Very few of my students choose to do so — either a testimony to the identity cost of pretending to be someone you are n’t , or possibly their lack of faith in my assessment of the amount of discrimination . )
I was talking with one of my colleagues about this study .
He thinks it will be a very important and influential one .
My response , “ Tru dat . ”
Brace yourselves :
This is not a hockey post .
It 's a college hockey post .
And it's not even a Michigan State college hockey post — although I 'm sure I 'll find a way to work a few dozen of those in before the CCHA season is over — but when any athlete pulls off something that has happened maybe twice in the history of their entire sport , I think it deserves a mention .
Enter Zach Harrison , a Minnesota State forward who scored three consecutive goals against North Dakota , all of them shorthanded .
That 's what is known as a " natural " hat trick , which the Hockey Hall of Fame suspected had never happened before ( shorthanded ) at any level .
It turns out that it has — C.J. Young of Harvard did it in 1988 — but there have still only been six shorthanded hat tricks in Division I history .
So the Hall in Toronto took his stick anyway and will keep it in their archives .
Try scoring more goals now , smart guy !
The Mavericks led 2 - 1 when Harrison scored his first goal midway through the second period .
Junior forward Jerad Stewart started the play , and Harrison finished with a shot over the glove of goalie Aaron Walski ( 17 saves ) .
Harrison jumped a pass deep in the Mavericks ’ offensive zone for his second goal , which came just 53 seconds into the third period .
His final goal , with 1:41 to play , was an empty - netter with the Mavericks facing a 6 - on - 3 situation .
Harrison backhanded a loose puck out of the zone , and it slid down the middle of the rink and into the goal .
Advertisement
Zach Harrison is a pretty okay guy to have on your PK [ The Two Line Pass ] Harrison ’s hockey stick gets the call to the Hall [ Mankato Free Press ]
What will happen if Obama is elected ?
Excellent question but there is no right answer because we do n't know what the circumstances he will face .
First off , it wo n't be socialism because the banks have already been socialized and there is n't that much left to socialize .
Well , that is just a gag .
Anyway , I suspect you 'll get a lot of what you expect .
People say higher taxes and that is n't going to happen right away .
The first thing he 'll do ( wrongly ) is cut taxes in an attempt to keep revenue the same .
That will fail miserably .
Government tax revenues are going to take a huge hit this year .
Expect some of Barack 's programs to get the ax .
You can forget about national health care for now .
You can also expect reduced government services .
It is great and all to talk about all the things government is going to do but with the monster deficit and decreased revenues you can expect much less from the national government .
In the long veiw what he should do is pull the troops out of Iraq ( He has discussed this with Patreaus ) , reinforce the troops in Afghanistan so we can get out of there as well .
Wars are expensive and there is no return on the investment when you are America .
He will also spend a lot less than McCain .
Everyone talks about tax and spend liberals and so forth but those folks are brain damaged or something .
Worse than taxing and spending is just spending .
That is a tax passed on to the next generation .
Expect Barack , a harvard trained lawyer , to stop the torture of prisoners , the illegal spying of the bush administration and reckless transfer of wealth from the middle class to the elite .
If you are worried about the Barack admin do n't be .
The world did n't stop spinning when Clinton and Bush won .
Presidewnts have far less power than most people think and it is only for eight years max .
For those truly worried about what Barack ( or McCain ) will do as president you people have no idea how strong America actually is .
You also have no idea why America is strong .
On the Way Home , Ride for a Protected Bike Lane on Delancey
This evening , Adopt - a - Bike - Lane and Transportation Alternatives will launch a campaign for a protected bike lane on Delancey Street by leading escorted " bike commuter pools " across the Williamsburg Bridge .
Reads a TA press release :
" The thousands who ride on Delancey every day should n’t feel like they are taking their lives in their own hands , " says Marin Tockman , founder of Adopt - a - Bike - Lane , who was herself the victim of a crash while riding on Delancey .
" We want these rides to show bicyclists how much better their commutes would be if this street made space for them . "
Over 3,000 cyclists cross the Williamsburg Bridge every day , according to TA , which says the intersection of Essex and Delancey is the third most dangerous for cyclists in the entire city .
Between 1995 and 2005 , 99 cyclists and 308 pedestrians were injured by motor vehicles on Delancey .
The Adopt - a - Bike - Lane effort was spurred by the death of Rasha Shamoon , who was killed at Delancey and Bowery in August .
Today ’s rides will depart from Delancey and Bowery every five minutes from 6:00 to 7:00 .
Cyclists will gather for an after - party at The City Reliquary in Williamsburg from 7:00 to 9:00 .
Photo : crayfray / Flickr
From flame retardants to fossil fuels , newborn babies are exposed to chemicals passed on by his / her mother in utero .
Although this is not new information , I was shocked to learn that there are actually 300 chemical compounds in a newborn ’s umbilical cord !
Those pure little beings are n’t so pure at birth , and as a mother and a human being , I find this level of contaminants alarming .
According to the LA Times :
Virtually everything we buy , breathe , drink and eat contains traces of toxic substances …
Every day , about half a dozen chemicals are added to the estimated 83,000 already in commerce .
In the United States alone , about 42 billion pounds of chemicals are produced or imported daily .
If we start with 300 chemicals in our bodies , imagine the bioaccumulation that occurs over our lifetimes .
Some parents have gone so far as to have their whole family ’s body burden tested .
The results of one Oakland family were shocking .
The children had chemical exposure levels seven times those of their parents proving children are more susceptible to the chemicals in our homes .
The children ’s father Jeremiah Holland explains , “ [ Rowan ’s ] been on this planet for 18 months , and he ’s loaded with a chemical I ’ve never heard of .
He had two to three times the level of flame retardants in his body that ’s been known to cause thyroid dysfunction in lab rats . ”
Our children are at risk , and once again I wonder if we are laboratory rats for the chemical industry .
Dr. Leo Trasande , assistant director of the Center for Children ’s Health and the Environment at Mount Sinai Medical Center expresses my concern :
We are in an epidemic of environmentally mediated disease among American children today .
Rates of asthma , childhood cancers , birth defects and developmental disorders have exponentially increased , and it ca n’t be explained by changes in the human genome .
So what has changed ?
All the chemicals we ’re being exposed to .
We ca n’t rely on the EPA to protect our children who are at greater risk from chemicals , because their vital organs and immune systems are still developing .
Manufacturers are not required to conduct human toxicity studies on chemicals before the EPA approves their use .
This policy really needs to change to protect our children ’s health .
Babies should not be born with 300 chemicals already present in their little bodies !
My one - hundred - and - thirtieth podcast is up .
I had the pleasure of talking to Brendan Eich about JavaScript this week .
Brendan created JavaScript lo these many years ago , and lately his team has been working to make JavaScript even faster with TraceMonkey , their next step in their JavaScript engine .
It 's an exciting time for JavaScript as it approaches " C " speeds .
I chat with Brendan in this episode about where he thinks JavaScript is headed .
What does the rise of JavaScript mean to Flash , Silverlight and RIAs in general ?
We also talk about how TraceMonkey works and how much faster it can get .
Brendan is responsible for architecture and the technical direction of Mozilla .
He is charged with authorizing module owners , owning architectural issues of the source base and writing the roadmapthat outlines the direction of the Mozilla project .
Brendan created JavaScript , did the work through Navigator 4.0 , and helped carry it through international standardization .
Before Netscape , he wrote operating system and network code for SGI ; and at MicroUnity , wrote micro-kernel and DSP code , and did the first MIPS R4 K port of gcc , the GNU C compiler .
One other change , this week a large number of the questions of Brendan came directly from you , the listener , via Twitter !
This is a new thing I 'm trying and I really feel it made for a better show and I thank you for it !
I 'm on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/shanselman and you can read more about Twitter in my post on Twitter : The Uselessfulness of Micro - blogging if you want to jump in and " follow me . "
I encourage you to find a Twitter Client that works for you and give it a try .
Subscribe :
Do also remember the complete archives are always up and they have PDF Transcripts , a little known feature that show up a few weeks after each show .
Telerik is our sponsor for this show !
Building quality software is never easy .
It requires skills and imagination .
We cannot promise to improve your skills , but when it comes to User Interface , we can provide the building blocks to take your application a step closer to your imagination .
Explore the leading UI suites for ASP.
NET and Windows Forms .
Enjoy the versatility of our new - generation Reporting Tool .
Dive into our online community .
Visit www.telerik.com.
As I 've said before this show comes to you with the audio expertise and stewardship of Carl Franklin .
The name comes from Travis Illig , but the goal of the show is simple .
Avoid wasting the listener 's time .
( and make the commute less boring )
Enjoy .
Who knows what 'll happen in the next show ?
If you are sucker for all things 8 - bit and all things NES - like I am - you will love these three - dimensional renderings of classic Nintendo Entertainment System games by Justin Buonvino .
So much that you will put them on your desktop background , just like a did one minute ago .
Advertisement
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Without a doubt , my favorites are the shot from above of Mario World 1 and the real - 3D - made - to - look - fake - 3D Zeldas , but the Excitebike has an special charm too .
Thankfully , that 's why desktop background cycling is there for .
[ Justin at Deviant Art via Geekologie ]
A SOFABED THAT DOES DOUBLE DUTY , Mobelform ’s Doc folds out into not one , but two twin sized beds stacked one atop the other : in short , a bunk bed .
Included are the necessary mattresses as well as a ladder and short rail to prevent mid-night tumbles .
Note that the rail only guards one side , so Doc ( and its larger , more expensive cousin , Doc XL ) is best positioned with its back to the wall .
mobelform.com
There was an irritating story in the newspaper last week about a scaffolder in Merseyside who is being fined by the council for not declaring the clingfilm in which he wraps his daily sandwich as industrial waste .
And when I say irritating , I mean irritating in so many different ways - a cluster bomb of irritation going off in my brain .
First , and most obviously , it 's irritating because that does sound unreasonable : his sandwich wrapper is n't industrial waste - the guy even offered to take it home with him every day - why should he get fined ?
But then my irritation is intensified by the realisation that this is all grist to the mill of articles like that .
Inducing impotent fury is their stock in trade and I hate giving them the satisfaction .
It 's the first step towards surrendering to a world view that a certain type of journalism seems bent on inducing in its readers in which a supposed majority of upstanding citizens have their good - heartedness and common sense perpetually betrayed by feckless and liberal low functionaries .
' Society is everyone else 's fault but yours , ' they tell anyone who'll listen , ' and that angry feeling we 've just made happen in your head is proof of it . '
But most irritating of all is that it's an example of more moaning about councils .
People moan about councils in the same way they moan about the weather - as if there 's nothing they can do to affect it and as if it 's not their fault .
But it is our fault : we do n't bother to turn up for local elections very often ; when we do we vote on national issues ; hardly any of us could name our local councillor ; and yet we give these people a vast amount of our money .
Essentially , we get exactly the idiots , jobsworths and crooks we deserve .
The wonder is not what councils get wrong but that they achieve any level of competence at all .
We 've collectively put a pile of cash in an unlocked garage and have the gall to moan when it does n't get spent in the public interest .
We 're too bored by local politics to scrutinise it and so when councils screw things up , we should see that as the inevitable consequence of all that extra TV - watching time we 've bought ourselves .
The contrast with our attitude to national politicians could hardly be greater .
While it 's liberty hall for councillors to lose all our money in Iceland and give building contracts to their brothers in law , MPs just can't catch a break .
We 've always paid them poorly ( and when I next hear someone say : ' Well , they earn a lot more than me ! '
I swear I will reply : ' Well , I want them to be a damned sight cleverer than you ! ') but now they can't even eat a few free meals or give an admin job to a relative .
We are chipping away at their perks : expenses claims are quoted in humiliating detail , right down to the junior minister 's last pair of rubber underpants ; they can't take so much as an olive on a stick from an oligarch without declaring it .
And only last week , they were being criticised for Parliament taking a 24 - day Christmas break , as if , out of respect for the credit crunch , they should be spending the entire period passing uplifting festive laws .
I fail to see why we expect anyone normal with any prospects to do this job .
We 've made it so unpalatable that only the truly power - crazed , those who will forsake comfort , privacy and the respect of their peers for the thrill of authority , would consider it .
( And I suppose , to be fair , those with a genuine sense of public duty , but that 's hardly to be relied upon . )
Of course , many of our leading politicians hardly seem deserving of more cash and freebies but , had more cash and freebies been on offer , more capable people may have jostled them out of power .
But why are we so resistant to the idea that senior politicians should be paid to the point where they could be considered rich when this happens to people at the top of almost every other profession ?
We 're happy enough for local councils to piss away billions of pounds of public money unscrutinised but a few tens of millions making MP a job worth having is , for some reason , beyond the pale .
As a result , we have the unedifying spectacle of a Tory frontbencher and a Labour cabinet minister exchanging insults about who behaved most grubbily on a Russian billionaire 's yacht .
In the case of poor old George Osborne , all he 's even accused of doing is trying to find a legal way for Oleg Deripaska to give £ 50,000 to the Tory party .
Only £ 50,000 - he 'd probably have found that down the back of one of the yacht 's sofas .
It would n't pay for a spin doctor - it would barely pay for a spin nurse .
We 've made our politicians people who are too easily wowed by a free holiday in Corfu .
I say , let 's splash out nationally and give MPs enough money for their own relatively lavish holidays so they wo n't end up in the thrall of the likes of Nat Rothschild , a man whose prominence has little to do with merit and everything to do with money .
And yet he is in a position to play our elected representatives off against each other , to call them rude , to humiliate them .
People capable enough to become our national leaders , in any functional system , should n't have to take that shit from a playboy .
They should be sufficiently well rewarded that their heads are n't so easily turned and , if we need to give them a yacht each to ensure that , it 's money well spent in my book and a tiny percentage of what we allow councils to waste every year simply because the leaflets that come through the door are too boring to read .
But the way things are heading , soon the Rothschilds and Deripaskas will be able to buy a cabinet minister 's good opinion with a steak dinner and a go on a full - sized snooker table .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- U.S. stock index accelerated their losses Monday afternoon , fueled as the credit crisis spread around the globe .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average [ : $ indu ] slid 717.22 points , or 7 % , to 9,608.16 .
The S&P 500 { $spx ] fell 80.80 points , or 7.4 % , to 1,108.43 , while the Nasdaq Composite COMP , - 0.29 % fell 155.26 points , or 8 % , to 1,792.13 .
“ Almost all of us grew up eating meat , wearing leather , and going to circuses and zoos .
We never considered the impact of these actions on the animals involved .
For whatever reason , you are now asking the question :
Why should animals have rights ? ” READ MORE
— Ingrid E. Newkirk , PETA President and co-author of Animalkind
Sen .
Ted Stevens , the longest - serving Republican in the Senate , has been convicted on seven counts of lying about gifts he received while in office .
Unless he steps down , the Republican Party will be running a convicted felon for the Senate in the Nov. 4 election .
AP via Google :
Alaska Sen .
Ted Stevens has been convicted of lying about free home renovations and other gifts he received from a wealthy oil contractor .
The Senate ’s longest - serving Republican , Stevens was found guilty on all seven counts of making false statements on Senate financial documents .
The verdict throws the upcoming election into disarray .
Stevens is fighting off a challenge from Democrat Mark Begich and must now either drop out or continue campaigning as a convicted felon .
Read more
By Jason Simpkins
Associate Editor
Pakistan said Friday that it would seek $ 4 billion in financial assistance , mostly from the World Bank , the Financial Times reported .
Pakistan , a nuclear power and neighbor to Afghanistan , is on the verge of bankruptcy and if it does not receive the assistance it requires , the economy could collapse resulting in political upheaval and social unrest .
Pakistan has been wracked by inflation , currently running at 25 % and its foreign reserves are dwindling .
The nation ’s currency , the rupee , last week sank to a new low of 84.4 to the dollar and has tumbled more than 33 % against the greenback this year .
Pakistan ’s foreign currency reserves have shrunk to about $ 4.5 billion , or just six weeks worth of imports , the FT reported .
Unchecked political spending and poorly designed tax codes have also contributed to the nation ’s economic shortfall .
Less than 1 % of Pakistan ’s population of 164 million pays income taxes .
At least $ 2 billion is required immediately if the country has any chance of restoring confidence in the economy , with up to $ 8 billion needed to repay sovereign debts due to mature over the next year , the government says .
Pakistan 's President Asif Ali Zardari began a four - day state visit to China on Tuesday , hoping to drum up at least a portion of the required capital .
A senior Pakistani official said China promised to help avoid defaulting on foreign debt and offered an initial soft loan of up to $ 500 million the FT reported .
" As a long friend of Pakistan , China understands it is facing some financial difficulties .
We 're ready to support and help Pakistan within our capability , " said Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang .
However , Qin offered no specifics on the form of Beijing 's financial help .
China is already a leading source of investment for Pakistan .
Bilateral trade between the two countries topped $ 7 billion last year .
China has sold conventional weapons and missile technology , and is suspected of helping Pakistan develop nuclear weapons .
In 2006 , China and Pakistan signed a pledge to increase bilateral trade to $ 15 billion a year by 2011 .
Zardari also plans to appeal to the United States , United Arab Emirates , and Saudi Arabia , as well as other “ Friends of Pakistan , ” for support .
Since 2001 , the United States has provided Pakistan with more than $ 10 billion in aid , mostly to aid the “ War on Terror ” taking place on the country ’s western front .
Representatives from Pakistan ’s allies will meet next month in Dubai to discuss possible solutions to save the country from bankruptcy .
“ Bankruptcy , should it happen , could unleash a massive tidal wave of social unrest , " Stratfor , a U.S. - based intelligence risk assessment agency said in a report released Friday .
" Exactly what the jihadists on both sides of the Afghan - Pakistani border would like to see to advance their goals . "
Infowars
September 22 , 2008
Alex interviewed Jim Marrs on his KLBJ show on Sunday , September 21 , 2008 .
Part 1 Part 2 Part 3 Part 4 Part 5 Part 6 Part 7 Part 8
AJ : Ladies and gentlemen , on this radio show and on the weekday radio show you ’re going to find out from the true experts what is happening with the economy .
And it is n’t my opinion .
As John Wayne said : “ No brag , just fact . ”
If you go and you look at the evidence in the book I wrote back in 2002 , 9/11 , Descent into Tyranny , the last chapter lays out how in the next eight years , and we ’re now six years into that , how they would artificially implode the debt , restrict the credit , and then “ have a bailout ” that basically bankrupted the people of the world to the IMF and World Bank and to the private families that own the private Federal Reserve and the IMF and World Bank .
So this is the big scam .
The banks ca n’t trick you to take out a loan on a farm you ca n’t pay because what they really want is that land .
The banks ca n’t trick you to sign away your birthright and your children ’s future .
But they can go buy off your government , militarize your police and military , generationally , while they get the wealth off the control they have in the earlier sets of the Ponzi scheme , and then come in and bring in total tyranny .
And this is what they have done .
So this is not a bail - out you are seeing .
This is mass raping of the economy .
This is done by design , and they are moving in army brigades so that when you really find out what ’s happening , when you riot because they ’ve taken your pension fund and destroyed your future , they can use microwave guns and machine guns down the street .
Now the good news is , most of the military and police I ’ve talked to are now aware of this because of people like Jim Marrs and myself and others who have been out there warning people , so they are not going to go along with it .
I wish this was n’t the truth , but it ’s really happening .
Now , it ’s been said many different ways by many different historians and people of note , philosophers , that those who do not know history are doomed to repeat it .
And if one wants to understand the present and the future , they ’d have a grasp of history because humans tend to act the same ; there ’s nothing new under the sun , and the same scams get developed , the same ideas , the same mindsets .
And if you study the Nazis and you study Fascism in Italy and Germany , and if you learn who the players were in the United States , England and Germany , who funded the fascists and the communists , and when you read books by Carroll Quigley , the top Georgetown professor and Bill Clinton ’s mentor , he explains it in a 900 - page book how the big banks funded the fascists and the communists , and they created a dialectic .
They control the left / right .
And then you think you have a choice , but it ’s a controlled choice .
But they are going with the fascist model right now .
They brought down the communist model in ’ 91 .
That got them some control and domesticated the population .
Now they are going with the fascist model .
Now do n’t think of a Nazi as a guy with a mustache .
I have a picture here I drew on the front of Newsweek , “ What Bush Got Right , ” and I drew a little mustache on him .
And you know we can joke about that all day , but he is just a puppet .
But his grandfather was the head U.S. Nazi in the United States , and that was even in the New York Times 50 some years ago .
So Jim Marrs , best - selling author , wrote the book Crossfire on JFK , helped write the screenplay and was the main consultant on that film .
His new book , The Rise of the Fourth Reich is a New York Times best - seller , available everywhere and as well at Infowars.com , along with the film I made four years ago about the same subject .
But he ’s got 100 times more detail , and it is shocking .
And so when the Nazis were brought to the U.S. when Germany fell , they were coming back home .
They were coming from where they ’d sprung .
And that ’s why they were put in charge of not just NASA but every other major agency .
And so now you ’ll understand what ’s really happening .
For the rest of the show , Jim , you ’ve got the floor .
I ’ll be throwing a few questions out , but start at the beginning for us .
JM : Well , actually you could probably go back into the 1800s into the Rothschild mode of banking where they pitted the European nations against each other for profit and control .
But let ’s just go to the Russian Revolution of 1917 .
When that happened , Woodrow Wilson , who was president of the United States at the time , wrote that the bulk of financial aid to Russia at that time did not go to the Democratic Kerensky government ; it went to the Bolsheviks who became the communists .
So we created the communists , or Wall Street bankers and Bank of England bankers created the communists in 1917 .
Lenin was not even in Russia ; he was in Switzerland .
He was aided in passing through war - time Germany with German intelligence and a German banker including Max Warburg .
The reason Max Warburg is interesting is because his brother Paul Warburg started the Federal Reserve , had come over here , participated in the conspiracy of Jekyll Island , had created the Federal Reserve system , and was head of the Federal Reserve system at the time of WWI and in fact was in charge of funding the war effort for the U.S. in WWI .
And his brother is funding the German war effort , to show you how they play both sides .
Get your copy of Jim Marrs ’ The Rise of the Fourth Reich at Alex Jones ’ Infowars Store .
Only $ 19.95 .
AJ : Now , hundreds of books have been written about this .
It ’s mainline history .
It ’s now declassified that the U.S. government put Mao in .
But a lot of leftists are going , “ What do you mean the bankers funded the communists ? ” Explain that to them .
JM : Well , they sent the aid to Lenin , and whoever pays you money controls it .
The philosophical leader of communism was Leon Trotsky , and then in 1917 he was living on Rockefeller land and working in New York .
But they put him on a boat with about $ 40 million , raised from Wall Street capitalists including the Schiffs , and 300 revolutionaries , and they sent him off to Russia .
Now the Canadian authorities stopped him at Halifax and said , “ We ’ve heard your speeches and we know you ’re going over into Russia and taking over and creating a communist government , and you ’re going to pull Russia out of the war , and that ’s going to free 1 million soldiers to come over and fight our good Canadian boys in the West .
So we ’re not going to let you go . ”
But he got loose .
How ?
Because Winston Churchill , who was Lord of the Admiralty at the time , said , “ No , you need to let him go . ”
And Woodrow Wilson , through his mentor Colonel House , gave him an American passport .
So Trotsky was released , sent to Russia , and along with Lenin created communism in Russia .
Now ,
Alex , I think the game plan was , they were going to create a socialist East and they were going to pit it against a capitalist West for what we came to know as the Cold War .
But what happened , the communists created the Internationale , and they said , Workers of the World Unite !
And they created very powerful communist parties in Italy , France , Germany , Britain , the United States , so these capitalists were going , “ Wait a minute , we do n’t want this .
If it becomes one world socialism , then we ca n’t play off one nation against another or one block against another . ”
So they decided they had to stop the spread of communism .
So to achieve that , they reached into Germany , the one country in the middle of Europe that was in a position to stop the theological and military spread of communism .
They found a German army intelligence agent , who they funded and helped create the National Socialist German Workers Party , and of course that was Adolph Hitler .
Nazis , or National Socialists , are no different than communist socialists .
And you ’ve got to remember that NAZI is an acronym for National Socialist .
And National Socialists are really no different than communist socialists , the only difference being that you could confine them within one national boundary , and you could keep it within Germany , within Italy .
That way the bankers could continue to play off one country against another .
So that led up to WWII .
AJ : That ’s mainline history that the Nazi party was founded and run by German intelligence , funded by British intelligence and Lord Milner ’s group .
So the whole thing was run out of Britain ; and Britain right up into the war was running Germany .
It ’s common knowledge that the U.S. and England funded Hitler , but he was like a rock star .
He was all over the newsreels , all over radio .
My grandfather remembers growing up in Dallas and he was in the newspapers , on radio , what a great guy he was , right up until 1939 or so .
Jim Marrs , continue because this then connects into today , and this is n’t like , ‘ Oh , there ’s a few Nazis in the government . ’
This is the governing system !
The Nazi symbols are in the Senate , the Fascia ; it ’s how the government is being run , the black uniforms , the national police force , the Homeland .
That ’s what Hitler called it was the Reich land , which means Homeland .
Jim Marrs , please continue .
JM : Well , let me just preface by quickly pointing out to everyone that ’s listening that when we say “ fascists and Nazis are taking over in the United States , ” we ’re not talking about goose - stepping Germans .
No .
The Germans lost the war .
We ’re talking about the National Socialists that funded the Nazis , put them in power , kept them power , and then brought them over here after the war .
I ’ve already rattled off some of the corporations that were supporting the Nazis prior to the war : Brown Brothers Harriman , the JF IBM .
IBM produced very specialized punch cards for the German IBM equipment that allowed them to ship all the Jews and the dissidents off to the concentration camps .
General Motors ,
Ford , they were producing war materials for the Nazis because business after all is just business .
AJ : In fact our bombers were n’t allowed to bomb those GM and Ford plants , turning off Panzers .
JM : I read an account of a German worker at the General Motors plant , said when they had a bombing raid everybody would run to the General Motors plant because they knew it was safe .
Operation Paperclip brought Nazis to the United States .
In 1936 Time Magazine referred to Schroeder , Rockefeller and Company , investment bankers , as the “ economic booster of the Rome / Berlin Axis .
And their attorneys were two fellows from the New York law firm Sullivan and Cromwell , John Foster Dulles and Allen Dulles .
Allen Dulles ’s mentor was John J. McCloy , chairman of City National Bank which is now Citicorp , and John J. McCloy sat with Hitler in his box at the 1936 Berlin Olympics .
AJ : And those guys go on to be the CIA director , and then they are tied into the assassination of Kennedy .
JM : Right .
After the war , John J. McCloy gets to be the high commissioner of Germany , and he pardons about 100,000 Nazis and sends them to the United States .
His protégé , Allen Dulles , was the longest serving CIA director , and through the CIA and through Operation Paperclip which went under the radar of Presidents Eisenhower and Truman , they were never made fully aware of what they were really doing .
They altered and whitewashed the backgrounds of thousands of these Nazis , changing it from an ardent Nazi to not an ardent Nazi , enrolled them into the CIA .
And then on top of that we had the Gayland Organization which was General Reinhart Gayland ( sp ) , a Nazi , who was providing us all of our early intelligence data on the Soviet Union .
So no wonder we had a Cold War .
We were getting all our information about Russia from an anti-communist underground filtered through a Nazi organization .
And that ’s when , in 1947 , they began to create a National Security state here within the United States .
And it started with the rocket scientists , the mind control experts , the CIA , but then it rolled into the defense industries , and then into the universities which were packed with some of these same people .
Psychiatry was a big center .
They brought all the German psychiatrists over here .
AJ : But for every Nazi they had others who in many cases the Nazis were actually protégés of .
It ’s important to add that the Nazis in many respects were the protégés of a eugenics elite already in England and the U.S .
JM : That ’s exactly right .
The first major eugenics study – “ eugenics ” being the study of heredity , of racial purity , who ’s your daddy –
AJ : Hitler wrote in Mein Kampf that he was a student of “ experts in the U.S. ”
That ’s where he got it all .
Prescott Bush and President Eisenhower .
JM : Exactly .
In fact the first major eugenics foundation in the United States was set up by Mrs. E. F. Harriman , and it was her husband Edward Harriman who was the protector and mentor of Prescott Bush .
Prescott Bush was a director of Union Banking Corporation and was a focal point for handling the money from steel magnate Fritz Tyson to Adolph Hitler .
Tyson has publicly taken credit for funding Hitler to a large extent , and Prescott Bush was handling the money .
AJ : He wrote the book , I Paid Hitler .
JM : Exactly .
In late 1942 , Prescott Bush was even prosecuted by the federal government of the U.S. under the Trading with the Enemies Act for being nothing but a Nazi financial front man .
And of course now we ’ve had two of – his son George Herbert Walker Bush , former president of the U.S. , and his grandson is now president of the United States .
In fact , if you think about it , we ’ve got the president of the United States whose grandfather was prosecuted as a Nazi front man ; we ’ve got the governor of the most populous state in the country Arnold Schwarzenegger , whose father was Nazi storm trooper , a party official .
We ’ve got Karl Rove who ’s widely known as Bush ’s Brain whose grandfather built concentration camps for the Nazis .
And we have a pope who as a young man in Poland was a member of the Hitler Youth .
It makes you wonder who really won the war .
AJ : Well , they had the giant rail cars full of diamonds , everything .
That was brought into Texas , because my grandfather worked for the oil companies and he saw it .
He said there were more Germans in Midland than there were Texans , and just unbelievable stories .
But continue .
Let ’s break this down for people .
JM : Well , they began to create the military industrial complex , but more importantly –
AJ : Let ’s explain .
The 1947 National Security Act , COG , Continuity of Government , mirrored the Nazi set - up .
JM : Oh , exactly .
And all of this fit right into Operation Eagle Flight , which was Morton Borman who was Hitler ’s secretary , who survived the war , escaped to South America , was seen in the United States a few times , and towards the end of August 1945 when it became obvious that the D - Day landings were going to be successful and they would n’t be able to throw us off the continent , he met with Herman Schmitz , head of the I.G. Fabens Chemical Combine , which is the grandfather of all the major pharmaceutical companies today , and Dr. Abs who is head of the German Central Bank , and they instituted Operation Eagle flight .
They took everything worth anything , patents , copyrights , licenses , gold , silver , precious stones , art , antiquities , scientists – everything .
They took it out of Germany .
AJ : Germany had just looted Europe and parts of Russia , Eastern Europe , but they already had more industrial patents , science , A - bombs , than anybody else in the world .
So that loot was contained and protected because the British royalty was really German royalty , and much of the richest families in New York were intermarried as well .
So it was also a family matter .
1937 : British royals meet Hitler .
JM : Absolutely .
In fact , in my book Rise of the Fourth Reich you ’ll learn that as late as 2007 documents surfaced in England that showed that during the war the queen mother of England thought it was perfectly okay to have a Nazi occupation of England as long as they guaranteed the monarchy would remain intact .
And why not ?
Because the Windsors had changed their name from Mountbatten , who ’d changed their name from Battenberg .
And they all were of German heritage , so why not let your relatives come in and take over ?
AJ : You had the king who they say stepped down from the throne because he married an American woman .
That came later .
It ’s mainline British history that he had to step down from being king because he had publicly backed Hitler .
JM : Exactly .
The royals were very supportive of Hitler and very supportive of national socialism .
That ’s the thing I ’m trying to get by is that what happened was , that Hitler and the Germans proved to be a little bit too effective , and they overran Europe , France , the low countries , were pushing into Russia , were threatening England .
So the bankers in England and America , again they said oh my god we ’ve created another Frankenstein monster !
AJ : They are masters at double - crossing .
JM : Yes .
In fact I quote Churchill in my book .
He was n’t against national socialism or the Nazis .
He was against Germany leading the economic system .
AJ : Germany leading the New World Order .
That ’s why they have all these famous Disney things making fun of cartoon Hitler ’s going , " New World Order . "
That was the term , everybody knew ‘ New World Order ’ was bad .
But no , it was to be an American and British , Anglo - American New World Order .
JM : Yeah .
It was , ( singing ) ‘ We Bring the World New Order , Heil Hitler … ’
AJ : ( impersonating ) Adolph Hitler ’s New World Order !
In fact , pull that up .
Go to You Tube , guys !
Google on You Tube , “ Disney Cartoons , New World Order , ” and it will be Daffy Duck getting mad as a secret agent , blowing up Nazis , and the Nazis are always going , ‘ Heil Hitler , Heil Hitler , New World Order , New World Order ! ’
Anyways .
JM : And the song , ‘ In the Fuhrer ’s Face . ’
AJ : That ’s it , ‘ In the Fuhrer ’s Face . ’
Is this not the land so good !
We would change it if we could !
1911 : Cartoon by Robert Minor has Wall Street embracing Karl Marx .
JM : So there you go .
The older generations that had a better education and a more classical education than we have truly understand this .
I mentioned in an earlier book of mine , Rule by Secrecy , there was a St. Louis Post Dispatch cartoon in 1911 that shows all the Wall Street bankers and John D. Rockefeller and Mellon , and they are all shaking hands with Karl Marx .
They clearly understood that these guys had created them .
AJ : They would fund any movement to con serfs into killing the ruling elite , and then handing it over to the bankers .
And the bankers wrote all these declassified documents on that .
[ Disney cartoon plays : “ The Fuhrer says this is the master race .
Heil , Heil , in the Fuhrer ’s face .
Not your love der Fuhrer is a great disgrace .
So we heil , heil , right in the Fuhrer ’s face .
When Herr Georbells says we own the world and space , we heil , heil , right in Herr Goerbells ’ face .
And Herr Goering says , they ’ll never bomb this place , the heil , heil right in Herr Goering face .
Is he not the superman ?
Aryan superman .
Super Duper Superman !
Is this not the land so good ?
Would you leave it if you could ?
Not this Nazi .
We would leave it if we could .
We bring the World New Order .
Heil Hitler , New World Order .
We love the Fuhrer ’s face , and we bring the New World Order .
Herr Goering says they ’ll never bomb this place , heil , heil right in Herr Goering ’s face . ]
AJ : Cue that up again where they have Hirihito say ‘ Adolph Hitler ’s New World Order . ’
Because you need to understand Hitler wrote another book called The New World Order .
HG Wells wrote one called the New World Order .
There was a debate about how it would work .
It would be a micromanaged society controlled by social workers and paramilitary policy .
And we ’re going to get into so many issues – sponsored terror where the government would blow stuff up and blame it up on their enemies , a Nazi specialty .
National police force , Nazi specialty .
Bankrupting companies and the government , Nazi specialty .
On and on and on and on .
This is what we ’re dealing with .
And the people that were top Nazis in the U.S. were also the people that killed Kennedy and truly brought in shadow government to full dominance through COG .
And now they ’re just fully butchering the nation in front of everyone .
We have multi-time New York Times bestselling author with us .
He of course has written the Rise of the Fourth Reich .
It is currently on the New York Times best seller list , only been out a few months .
It is available at www.Infowars.com discounted , out of the gates , if people want to get it .
And we ’ve only been giving you the history .
The book gets into the present , and just so much .
We ’re only scratching the surface today .
We ’re also filming live in here for a documentary film I ’m making with Jim Marrs that Jim is going to be narrating .
Jim , continue .
JM : Well , most people know about Operation Paperclip which was the way they brought in Nazis into the country , put them to work on our space program , our mind control experts working for the CIA with programs such as MK ULTRA .
All that ’s history .
But where they began to make their move in the political arena actually was probably with the assassination of President Kennedy .
When I began to write my book the Rise of the Fourth Reich , I was looking at the historical and political situation and circumstances .
It never crossed my mind that I would be considering the Kennedy assassination again .
And yet the same names , the same companies , the same corporations , the same secret societies kept cropping up until I finally ended up writing a whole chapter on Kennedy and the Nazis .
AJ : Now see , that ’s key , that ’s key !
Because in pure research – I do n’t talk to you a lot and you do n’t talk to me , and before we ever met we had come to the same conclusions ; because if you do pure research , you come up with the same answers basically if you are correct .
I mean , let ’s say we ’re both doing research at what temperature water boils – we ’re going to find the same thing .
We ’re going to find the same individuals .
So explain that .
That ’s key .
I ’m making a film about the JFK assassination and you ’re already in it as a consultant , and then separately I ’m doing my own research before I read Rise and Fall of the Fourth Reich and before your book even comes out , I say , “ Jim , are n’t the same players involved in the Kennedy assassination ? ”
You say , Yes , on the air , about six months ago .
You said , “ That ’s actually in my upcoming book ! ”
So now , that ’s been incorporated in the JFK film .
That ’s how integral this is to everyday life .
Please continue .
Members of the Warren Commission on September 23 , 1964 .
JM : That ’s correct .
Well , to begin with , two of the most powerful and influential members of the Warren Commission were John J. McCloy and Allen Dulles , two of the men who were most instrumental in supporting Hitler before , during and after the war .
And again , you have to understand , we ’re not talking about that these are all Germans .
These are global fascists .
And let ’s get that term nailed down .
When I say “ fascists ” I use it advisedly .
Look in the dictionary .
The dictionary definition of fascism is “ the combination of state and corporate power , usually fueled by nationalism . ”
Okay ?
Now , Mussolini himself , who coined the term because it came from his Blackshirts , the Facistas , he said that maybe fascism is n’t the correct term .
He said the more correct term is ‘ corporatism , rule by the corporations . ’
I think any thinking person today knows the United States is now under the control of these multinational corporations .
What I ’m trying to tell you is , they were either created or bought up by these displaced National Socialist Nazis after World War II , and they ’ve been slowly buying up .
The big fish eat the little fish , until now there ’s just a handful of these corporations ; and they ’re all controlled by the same families , the same companies , the same bloodlines , who were connected to the rise of national socialism in Germany .
AJ : Now we ’ve gotten up to 1950 or so .
In the early 1950s the Bilderberg Group is set up , and that gets set up by Prince Barnhart who was a German prince who then married the queen of the Netherlands of the House of Orange .
He was an SS officer .
Then in the middle of the war he jumps over to the British side there with his cousins , and then Bilderberg tries to set up a world fascist state integrating the parts in together , always the same thing over and over again .
Break down the Bilderberg / Globalist connection .
JM : Well , you pretty well nailed it right there .
When Prince Barnhart of the Netherlands , who had been a Nazi SS officer , jumped ship and came over to Britain , you could probably mark that as about the time that the New World Order turned against Hitler .
It was not that they were against the Nazis , not that they were against national socialism .
Heck , they created them .
But they did n’t want Germany leading the financial world order .
AJ : His first cousin was Prince Phillip who was already married to the queen , so .
JM : Exactly .
And of course the Windsors , who by the way are blood relations to the Bushes and to Al Gore and to John Kerry –
AJ : And to Barack Obama .
JM : And Barack Obama .
It ’s amazing , the same bloodlines .
And so once they decided they had to turn on Hitler , then they began to come up with another New World Order , which was to create National Socialism in the West and continued funding communist socialism in the East until communist socialism finally collapsed in the early ‘ 90s under its own dead weight .
AJ : That turned out , the Rockefellers and the Armand Hammers , they owned the big aluminum plants and tractor plants .
They were propping it up , and American taxpayers the whole time were paying for it .
JM : Exactly .
It blew my mind being a veteran of the Vietnam war to find out that at the height of the Vietnam war when we were fighting North Vietnam and said it was just a surrogate of China and Russia , Lyndon Johnson was sending more American aid to Russia than we had during World War II when they were our allies .
And they were using American tax money to build facilities in Russia like the Kama River Truck Factory , and they were cranking out war materials to send to North Vietnam to use against our own soldiers .
AJ : And the North Vietnam trucks were Fords .
Ha , ha , ha !
JM : Exactly .
Business is business , you know .
AJ : That ’s where they make the money .
They sell both sides on war , and then the bankers basically through the governments tax the people , and that ’s kind of the old fashioned “ bail - out . ”
Now they just declare an economic emergency , sucker the public or the Congress they own into paying literally everything into them .
Sept. 27 , 1933 : The Reichstag fire .
JM : Right .
And one of the Nazis ’ biggest weapons of choice was fear .
In early 1933 Germany was a democratic republic , but a few weeks later their Parliament building , the Reichstag , burned and was gutted by fire , which in those gentler days was actually as big a shock to the German people as 9/11 was to us .
And Hitler , who was only the chancellor , kind of like our vice president , said , “ Well , give me the power and I will go after these communist terrorists who did this ! ”
Well now it ’s pretty well acknowledged that the Nazis themselves set the fire in the Reichstag , and this was an early day false flag operation .
AJ : By the way , a big European court just three months ago did exonerate Marinas Vanderlubbe , the guy they ’d set up for that , and did say it was the Nazis .
What we do know is that there was another operation that was documented to have been a false flag , and that of course was Gleiwitz .
People always ask , “ Well , how did Hitler just out of the blue attack Poland and get the Germans to accept that ? ”
Well , see , there was an al Qaeda attack , but it was called a Polish attack .
Of course it later came out in the Nuremburg trials it was all staged .
I want to tie together the Nazis ’ love , the corporate fascists ’ love of a false flag and psychology because they are great social architects .
And the PhDs in psychology , psychiatry came out of Germany and England .
We only started with what was happening , and I want to get into current things , because that ’s what really matters .
I want to get into some of the history , we skipped ahead .
I ’m trying to get this straight – going back to the Germanic style death cults and the British East India Company tied in with the Germans , setting up Skull and Bones with all its bizarre Germanic death cult .
And World War I we have the war generals , the field marshals wearing the big skull helmets like something out of Skeletor .
You ’ve got the floor .
Talk about that .
JM : Well of course all the Bushes , Prescott Bush , George Herbert Walker Bush , and George W. Bush , were all members of Skull and Bones , which is just the unofficial name of this secret society up on the Yale Campus .
But when they did an investigation of Skull and Bones they found out its proper name is Chapter 322 .
Well , Chapter 322 of what ?
Ron Rosenbaum of the New York Times found out it connected over to a German secret society , and of course that was the Illuminati .
So you ’ve got the Illuminati , and then members of the Illuminati and other German aristocrats were members of the secret society called the Thule Gezelshaft , or the Thule Society , that believed that in the far distant past ETs had come to the earth and produced a super race of Aryans .
And that ’s where their whole Aryan superiority thing came from .
And it was the Thule Society that was headquartered in the Four Seasons Hotel in Munich that was the original big supporter of Adolph Hitler .
So there is definitely this occult side to Nazism which nobody new about when I was young man .
But in recent years there ’s a lot of books now and even DVDs about the occult aspects of the Third Reich .
AJ : And let ’s be clear , let ’s be clear .
We ’re not saying any of this is real !
And I know you ’re not .
What we ’re saying is , this is a fact , this is mainstream information that you have this bizarre Germanic death cult that believes they are genetically engineered by extra terrestrials .
This goes back hundreds of years .
How did they come up with this !
And Hitler is an adherent of this , as this young army officer in army intelligence setting up this Nazi death cult .
You already have branches of it here in the United States with the Bushes and all of them in it .
That ’s why you have this international network .
So we were going back .
But that is a mainline fact .
NASA ’s Apollo program .
JM : Right .
And it does n’t matter whether you believe in that or not or whether Alex or I believe in that or not .
The fact is , they do .
And that ’s why they practice these rites .
That ’s why you have Bohemian Grove with the worship of the owl and the phony , if it is phony , sacrifices .
And what I found out , and I also detail this in my book the Rise of the Fourth Reich , throughout the Apollo program , some of our major space missions , the date and times for those launches were set not on any scientific criteria but on the alignment of the constellations – in other words , by astrological alignment .
AJ : They admitted that about the Olympics this year on 8/8/8 at 8/8/8 with 8/8/8 drums .
And of course who designed the modern Olympics ?
The first big one was 1936 in Munich .
Hitler drew the rings , Hitler drew the torch .
He designed all of the rituals around the different Germanic death cult societies .
So that ’s all this weird UFO cult having this ritual .
And then was it 1980 or ’ 86 Olympics they had the 8/8/8 and they had fake aliens landing .
This is a crazy UFO cult .
JM : That ’s another whole topic , but they are conditioning us to that .
The point again is , it does n’t matter whether you want to believe in that .
The point is , somebody who has the power to set dates , times , symbols for the international Olympics , for the U.S. and Russian space programs , they do believe in it .
And that again points to the secret society groups that truly believe in that , which are the National Socialists , the Nazis .
AJ : Again , folks , this all sounds totally insane .
We are not saying that Aryans or people from northern Europe are really these super humans .
What we ’re saying is , they believe this .
This is even on the History Channel with Hitler and the Occult .
This is mainline information .
And the point is , this system came over here and dominated .
Now let ’s skip ahead .
Let ’s get up to the ‘ 50s and ‘ 60s and the Kennedys and what happened there .
JM : Well , Kennedy was one of the few people who probably was in a position to know what was happening here .
He got his start as a young man , first came to public attention writing a book called Why England Slept , and it was all about why England was going along and allowing the Nazis to gain power and prominence and going along with them .
So he understood what was going on .
And by the time he became president — essentially on a fluke because he was running against Richard Nixon in 1960 .
Richard Nixon got his start in politics with Nazi money , a Nazi by the name of Molaxa .
AJ : And he was good buddies with Prescott Bush .
He was a protégé of Prescott’s .
JM : Exactly .
So that was their attempt to worm their way into politics .
But Kennedy got elected because he was charismatic and he had lots of money , and the youth got behind him .
AJ : And he had the mob .
JM : Exactly .
And so at least that was a homegrown mob , not the Nazi mob .
And he began to take steps that were thwarting the Nazi plan .
He was beginning to go into joint space exploration with the Soviets , ending the Cold War .
He was going to pull us out of Vietnam .
He was closing the loopholes for the international corporations , and in fact in June of 1963 he ordered $ 6 billion issued not to through the Federal Reserve system that we have to pay interest to but through the Treasury , which we do n’t have to pay interest to .
So in other words , he was trying to curtail the power of the bankers .
And of course in November , he ’s shot in Dallas .
AJ : Now going back , we have the Continuity of Government system , the National Security State takeover at that point .
He also got approached by Dulles and by Lyman Lemnitzer , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , about staging a terror attack , Operation Northwoods .
And that ’s when he really turned against them !
JM : Right .
They wanted to launch attacks in Miami and in the southern United States , target U.S. citizens for assassination , hijack planes and ships , and blame it all on Castro so they could mount another Bay of Pigs type invasion of Cuba .
And that was actually approved by the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
Kennedy said ,
We do n’t operate that way , and he turned them down .
That was another straw that broke the camel ’s back .
Well now , with Kennedy out of the way , Johnson , who could be bought , was in the seat , and he was run by his council of “ wise men , ” all of who were members of the Council on Foreign Relations .
So this is where they begin to consolidate their power .
And of course the Warren Commission with John J. McCloy , Allen Dulles sitting on it , can whitewash the whole thing .
They blamed it all on that snook Lee Harvey Oswald .
Then in 1972 when Bush took over , they got back on track , okay ?
As president , Bush wiped out the leadership of the Republican National Committee .
AJ : Let ’s kick off with Nixon appointing George Herbert Walker Bush .
Ronald Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush .
JM : In 1972 President Nixon appointed George Herbert Walker Bush chairman of the Republican National Committee , and basically wiped out the Republican leadership but told them , keep Bush .
So Nixon and Bush are both connected back to the same globalist fascist who created communism and the Nazis .
They are National Socialists .
Under Bush both as chairman of the Republican National Committee and later as vice president under Reagan , he enlarged the GOP ’s ethnic committees and rolled all of the European fascists into the Republican party .
Now here ’s what ’s important about that .
Nixon ’s chief White House counsel , John Dean , had written a book recently called Broken Government and said , it ’s been new on Capitol Hill since 1997 when the GOP gained control of the House and it ’s been new to the White House since 2001 with the arrival of George Bush and Dick Cheney , but its roots first emerged during the Nixon presidency and began blossoming in the Reagan / Bush senior years .
What was he talking about ?
Neoconservatism !
Okay ?
But you have to understand that neoconservatism is simply National Socialism .
AJ : And they followed Strauss , who was an admirer of the Nazis , and then went to the Chicago Business School .
And they admit that .
They say per Machiavellian , ends justify the means , killing innocent people is okay , staging terror attacks are okay .
So again , it ’s a ruthless mind - set .
And look at it – black uniforms , Homeland Security which means Reich Security .
That ’s what they called it in Germany was Homeland Security , or Land Security .
This is just unbelievable .
And then it ’s admitted – G. Gordon Liddy admits a lot of this .
It came on a bunch of TV programs , came out in the hearings , with them all in the basement watching Nazi propaganda .
Tell folks about that .
JM : Right .
Well , that ’s where it all began .
And then it began to blossom in the Reagan years .
And although Reagan was probably a traditional conservative , if you ’ll think back during the campaign of 1980 –
AJ : They forced him to take Bush .
Reagan assassination attempt .
JM : Exactly .
He had pledged that he would never allow George Herbert Walker Bush to be in his government or his administration , and yet by mechanizations and coercion they forced him into accepting Bush , and then less than two months after he took office he was shot !
And if it had n’t been for the fact that he barely survived , Bush would have been president .
But he did survive , and Reagan went on .
And I think Reagan understood that he was not in control because in 1985 there was a big hubbub about him going to Germany and laying wreaths in the Bitburg Cemetery where Nazi Waffen SS officers were buried .
And Jewish groups and veterans organizations raised Hell about that .
But he did it anyway !
Why would a politician do something that was so opposed by so many people ?
It was because his Nazi masters told him he was going to do that .
And then we come on forward to today , and we now have the spectacle of the 2008 election .
And you vote for John McCain and you ’re going to get right wing socialism , or you can vote for Barack Obama and you ’re going to get left wing socialism .
But the National Socialists are there because socialism is what it ’s all about .
AJ : Let ’s explain .
The big bankers want to train us and domesticate us with social engineering to pay our money to them so they can steal it .
Look how the bankers right now are getting the bail - out .
That ’s socialism for them !
That ’s why it ’s communism for them , not for us .
Then they use our tax money to militarize the police .
Talk about that .
Talk about the Nazi fascist component that came out of England and Germany with the social engineering , with the PhDs that come out of Prussia .
That ’s the micromanagement , the control .
JM : Well , I think most people understand about communism and bald - faced socialism .
Where they ’ve gotten really thrown off the track again is this infiltration of neoconservatism within the Republican party particularly and among the nation ’s conservatives .
Most people who consider themselves conservatives , if you really talk to them , they are constitutional conservatives .
They want less government , balanced budgets , border security , family values , less government .
And yet they are confused today because they keep voting for these people like the Bushes who claim to be compassionate conservatives , and all they get are more and more socialistic programs plus foreign wars of adventure –
AJ : Take John McCain .
He ’s for open borders , for gun control .
JM : War for 100 years .
AJ : He was part of the Keating 5 , and then he claims he ’s anti-corruption with Wall Street ?
But let ’s continue .
We did n’t even get into all the Nazi symbolism that ’s happening .
JM : We also have not touched on the drugging down of America by Nazi methodology .
I.G. Farben back in 1800 was actually marketing an antidepressant under the name heroin until finally enough people said , do n’t do that .
In the aftermath of WWII , a U.S. chemist named Charles Eliot Perkins was sent to Germany to try to reconstruct the I.G. Farben combine there , and he came back and wrote that the German chemist had worked out a very ingenious and far - reaching plan of mass control that was submitted to and adopted by the German general staff .
And this plan was to control the population of any given area through mass medication of the drinking water supplies , namely using sodium fluoride .
So they put sodium fluoride in the drinking water of the concentration camps to keep the inmates passive and nonresistant .
AJ : Then in the 1950s under COG and under National Security they put fluoride in our water and called you kooks if you did n’t want it .
But it ’s in a Pulitzer prizewinning book , and it came out in the Nuremburg trials , that the Nazis were putting it in the water and so were the Soviets .
JM : That ’s right .
Today two - thirds of the water supply in this country is now fluoridated .
Think about this .
One of the most over - prescribed drugs today is Prozac , which is 94 percent fluoride .
AJ : It ’s made out of fluoride .
JM : But to get Prozac you have to go to a licensed physician and get a prescription , and yet undocumented , unlicensed city workers are dumping fluoride into your water supply .
AJ : And not just fluoride .
Sodium fluoride , which under law the term fluoride , they are allowed to take all the toxic waste , lead , mercury , that ’s mixed in with it .
Folks , you ca n’t make this stuff up .
JM : That ’s true .
And then they talk about the dumbing down of America .
Well , it ’s not that we ’ve gotten dumber .
It ’s the fact that we have been drugged dumber .
AJ : Absolutely .
In fact they ’ve got studies in areas of Europe that have been fluoridating , England and the U.S. for over 50 years .
They have maps , on average , a 20 point IQ reduction in areas where they ’ve had fluoridation .
JM : That ’s correct .
And one of the big issues today that people are genuinely concerned about is the increase in teen suicides and school shootings .
We ’re all concerned about that .
And yet if you go back , the only thing the mass media , the corporate media can talk about is gun control , take guns away .
Well , hey , a lot of people listening here in Texas , if you ’re over 40 or 50 you remember a time when we all had guns and nobody ever shot anybody .
The problem is not the guns .
The problem is the drugs , the Prozac , the Ritalin , the drugs –
AJ : In fact the Prozac insert says it causes depression and violence .
JM : Exactly .
In fact if you go back you ’ll find virtually every school shooting involves someone who ’s either on these psychotropic drugs or just coming off of them , which apparently is even worse .
And yet the media will not talk about that .
Why ?
Because in 2007 the pharmaceutical corporations that can be tracked back to IG Farben and the Nazis spent $ 3.7 BILLION dollars on consumer advertising .
AJ : Ladies and gentlemen , it is not Alex Jones saying this .
As I look at www.infowars.com , mainstream media is quietly announcing the U.S. army is to patrol streets to deal with the American people .
They actually say , “ We hope we do n’t have to shoot you , ” in the Army Times publications .
They are quietly announcing , this is marshal law .
Bloomberg , the financial headline , link at www.infowars.com : “ Bush Seeks Dictatorial Power in Bail - out , All By Design . ”
We got the IMF and World Bank documents .
We warned you .
This is it , ladies and gentlemen .
This is n’t a joke , this is n’t a game , this is n’t a drill , this is toe - to - toe info war with the New World Order .
They ’ve got control of the federal government , they ’re going to claim you owe these trillions of dollars , they are going to rape you financially , and I ’ve got a politico here reporting ABC News today reported that foreign banks will “ be bailed out . ”
That means your whole future is being signed over to them .
This is not a bail - out .
But it does n’t matter .
A lot of you want to keep laughing about all this .
You want to giggle and smirk .
You do n’t know they ’ve really built FEMA camps .
You have n’t been to the urban warfare drills like I have where the troops are trying to take your guns .
You have n’t interviewed police chiefs who Delta Force tried to secretly bribe .
This is what the Nazis did in third world countries .
They would go in and buy off the local governments .
They ’ve done that now here .
In the 8 or 9 minutes we have left with Jim Marrs I hope everybody will visit www.inforwars.com , www.prisonplanet.com , and get his amazing book the Rise of the Fourth Reich .
We ’ve probably covered 5 percent of what ’s in the book .
It is such an amazing book to really understand what we ’re facing .
The group that put Hitler in is the group now in control , and they are using that model , minus the racial politics .
They use the more divide - and - conquer British model there .
In closing , the COG , Continuity of Government , National Security State , in your words , using those terms for the film , get into that , Jim , and what their end game is , the population reduction , what they ’re going for once they get their world fascist government .
JM : Well , during the Ronald Reagan years probably while Reagan was recuperating from being shot , he signed a secret executive order that created a program called , innocuously enough , the National Program Office .
And Rumsfeld and Cheney – Cheney had been chief of staff to Gerald Ford and Rumsfeld had been his Defense secretary .
And they would slip away , and they created this Continuity of Government program which basically was how to survive a collapse in the United States or a nuclear war .
One of the awkward problems they faced was , What about Congress ?
And they finally decided that after some catastrophic event in the United States , it would be just too time - consuming to try to bring Congress in .
So Congress was just bypassed .
AJ : And now , people always wondered how this would be introduced .
In the name of the economy it ’s now being done , but Bush signed John Warner Defense Authorization
Act to use troops against the American people two years ago .
He signed PDD51 and Congress asked to see it , and he said , No , you have no authority , when they are coequal .
Can you speak about that ?
JM : Well , exactly .
He ’s destroying the checks and balances in the federal government , and bringing everything into the Executive , which of course is again following the Nazi methodology .
This is what Hitler did .
He signed emergency decrees , one after another , until finally he just took total power and anybody that tried to stand up against him then was a “ terrorist ” against the government .
And that ’s important for people to understand .
What the Nazis did , when they killed dissidents , when they killed homosexuals , when they killed gypsies , when they killed trade unionists , when they killed the Jews , this was all under the color of law .
AJ : And it was setting precedents because once they really got going it was about stealing the general public ’s land and money , and they were like , Hey , I was with you .
And they are like , No , you ’re not ; we ’re here to predetate on you .
JM : In the ‘ 30s the National Socialists gained the support of the middle class Germans and middle commercial Germans because they portrayed themselves as conservatives .
And they got the bulk of the commercial people behind them , and then by the time these people figured out that these are not the people we want leading , it was too late .
And I see the same thing happening today .
AJ : I want to go back because the eugenics , the family planning , this was all set up by German PhDs out of areas in Germany .
Then they linked up with the British eugenicists , and then that really flowered in the U.S.
So all the social engineering , the human genome , the head of that just got in trouble calling blacks “ subhuman ” and he’s of course a Nazi basically .
Break that down , what the master plan is , and speak about eugenics .
Eric Arthur Blair , aka George Orwell .
JM : If you want to know what the overall master plan is , all you have to do is go back and read the work of a British Fabian Socialist who wrote a book in 1947 .
This fellow ’s name was Eric Arthur Blair , but we know him better as George Orwell .
And he wrote a book called 1984 .
And in there I think he laid out the game plan for these global fascist socialists .
And that is , to split the world into three economic blocks .
He called it Oceana , Asiana and East Asiana .
Today in the real world it ’s the European Union , the soon - to - be North American Union , and the future Asian Union .
AJ : Of course he was British Intelligence .
JM : Oh , yes , and connected to the aristocrats .
He knew what the game plan was .
And so the idea is , they will have these three economic blocks .
Everybody will be computer chipped , they will be followed , they will be surveilled .
There will be no freedom except the freedom to go to work and pay your taxes .
AJ : And one - child policy .
Through the water and food they carry out soft kill operations .
Can you speak to that ?
JM : Exactly .
This is what they ’re doing with the drugging down of America with fluoride and aspartame and other deadly –
AJ : It ’s all over a 100 - year - old public German plan .
JM : Exactly , which they laid out .
Then what was written about in a very popular book in 1948 called 1984 .
AJ : The Germans in WWI and WWII said , We ’ll break off the Southwest .
They taught the Mexicans about Aslan , their mythical kingdom .
They attacked the U.S. in WWI and WWII , and nobody even knows Mexico on behalf of German attacked the U.S .
JM : That ’s true .
That ’s true , because nobody knows history because our education system has been dumbed down going all the way back to the National Education Board which was created by John D. Rockefeller , one of the architects of this national fascist global system .
AJ : You do have to hand it to them though , these people really got their stuff together .
JM : Well , they ’re not stupid .
They are in fact very brilliant , but then brilliance , as we found out with the Nazi leaders like Albert Speer and Heinrich Himmler and Adolph Hitler himself , just because you ’re smart or just because you ’re charismatic does not mean that you ’re the fellow that needs to be followed .
AJ : Or that you have wisdom or that you have a soul .
JM : Exactly , or any kind of heart .
They keep talking about Barack Obama .
He just somehow vaguely talks about change , and all they can talk about is how charismatic he is .
Well , they tend to forget because they do n’t know history that Hitler was very beloved by women , children ; animals loved him .
He was a very charismatic person on an individual basis , and yet look what kind of disaster he led his nation into .
AJ : Getting into secret societies – and , folks , it ’s mainline that the Nazis were into weird occult stuff , and Skull and Bones is real and a branch of that .
Black Sun .
They do n’t like us talking about that .
Tell folks about Black Sun .
JM : Well , the Black Sun is one of the most sacred of the occult symbols of the Thule Gazelshaft , the Thule Society , occult society and its successor the Black Shirted SS or Schutstaffel .
The Black Sun represents the black energy at the center of the universe which the German Nazis and their occult followers hoped to tap into and draw strength from .
What ’s amazing is , that in the heart of America in Nashville , Tennessee , right in the middle of their Centennial Park , is a huge black globe made out of onyx or some black hard material that represents the earth .
And it spins on a small thin cushion of water , and when the sun comes out it ’s blinding , and it is a WWII memorial that was donated by German .
So it ’s almost as though they planted a Black Sun in the heart of America going na , na , na , na , na , nah .
Okay ?
It ’s amazing .
And then we look around at other things .
We can look at our 57 cent stamp and see the German gothic eagle .
We look at our troops today who wear camouflage and flanged helmets called the fritz that are German helmets from WWII .
We see our police forces who no longer wear blue and carry the word “ To Serve and Protect . ”
Now they wear black and shields and tazers and if you get out of the free speech zone they tazer you .
AJ : Which is what Germany did : they said free speech only in these areas .
What about also we see them after WWII in the Senate bringing the Fascia in ?
That ’s a symbol of fascism , the bundle of sticks with the hatchets on top .
JM : Right .
And the Fasciae goes all the way back to the Roman Empire and represents central authority .
AJ : That ’s where the “ heil ” comes from , the Roman Empire .
JM : Hail Caesar , and they Germanized it to Heil Hitler .
Exactly .
So it ’s the same old thing .
If you go back and think about it , Alex , throughout the history of the world there ’s only been two true forms of government ever attempted .
Briefly , in ancient Greece and briefly in North America they tried participatory democracy , but both of those finally fell away and we went back to the one true form of government occupied that ’s taken over in the whole history of the world , and that ’s central authority .
AJ : Jim Marrs .
The new book , New York Times best selling list – get it in stores everywhere – the Rise of the Fourth Reich , available at www.infowars.com .
Quickly give us your website .
JM : It ’s www.JimMarrs.com
AJ : Vio con dios , ladies and gentlemen .
I ’ll be back tomorrow .
God bless you all .
All we told you is the truth , nothing more .
It ’s up to you to do something about it .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Sprint 's Xohm WiMAX network barely got its feet on the ground before neutrality advocates began to tear apart the service 's acceptable use and network management policy .
Sprint 's terms of service include the passage : " XOHM may provide various Service plans with different characteristics , including different speeds and usage limitations .
You agree to comply with these limitations .
In addition , your use of the Service may not result in an excessive burden of system or network resources , may not weaken network performance , and may not restrict , inhibit , interfere with , or degrade any other user 's use of the Service .
To ensure a high - quality experience for its entire subscriber base , XOHM may use various tools and techniques designed to limit the bandwidth available for certain bandwidth intensive applications or protocols , such as file sharing . "
The advocacy group Free Press issued a statement yesterday afternoon highlighting this passage , and expressed its hope that Sprint will disclose the exact tools and techniques that it will use , so as to " demonstrate why it is necessary to maintain a closed network when consumers demand an open Internet . "
Advertisement
The Open Internet Business Model , however , has been frequently mentioned by Sprint in its discussion of WiMAX , and in an effort to live by its principles , it 's never been secretive about the Quality of Service controls it considers necessary .
Last year , for example , Sprint 's Barry West spoke at NXTcomm about the model , and how it allows data plans to be sold that allow a user to connect all of his devices to WiMAX at any time and in any fashion , while the network provider balances the maximum level of throughput for each .
Though the new policy does cite file sharing programs directly , these " throttling " stipulations are not necessarily carte blanche for Sprint to squash the bandwidth of file sharers , but could rather be looking forward to a network where subscribers are connecting all of their devices at the same time .
Unfortunately , though , it does boil down to interpretation until Sprint discloses its planned methods .
The major concern here should not have been the potential limits placed upon users of the service , but rather that in its announcement of the service yesterday morning , Sprint prominently used the phrase " without usage limitations . "
GUANTANAMO BAY U.S. NAVAL BASE , Cuba ( Reuters ) - A potential mistrial was avoided in the first Guantanamo trial on Tuesday when the U.S. military judge ruled it was too late to challenge his war crimes instructions to the jury deliberating the case of Osama bin Laden ’s driver .
A photograph of a sketch by courtroom artist Janet Hamlin , reviewed by the U.S. military , shows defendant Salim Hamdan ( L ) sitting with his defense team during testimony on day three of his trial inside the war crimes courthouse at Camp Justice , the legal complex of the U.S. Military Commissions , at Guantanamo Bay U.S. Naval Base , in Cuba , July 23 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Janet Hamlin / Pool
But the judge acknowledged he may have erred and prosecutors sought clarification on the law that they said could affect plans to try up to 80 more Guantanamo prisoners .
Jurors began deliberating on Monday in the case of Yemeni prisoner Salim Hamdan , who is charged with conspiring with al Qaeda and providing material support for terrorism while working as the al Qaeda leader ’s driver in Afghanistan from 1996 until his capture November 2001 .
Hamdan was allowed an hour - long phone call with his wife in Yemen on Monday evening , a Guantanamo official said .
Defense attorneys said they tried to get permission for her to attend the trial but were refused on grounds that she is married to a terrorism suspect .
Jurors recessed for the night without reaching a verdict on Tuesday .
While they deliberated , prosecutors said the judge had given them flawed instructions on what constitutes a war crime and asked him to call them in for revised instructions .
Defense lawyers said the instructions were correct and that if the judge found otherwise , a mistrial should be declared .
They said changing the instructions after deliberations began would be extremely prejudicial to Hamdan , who could face life in prison if convicted .
“ It may be that the instruction was erroneous but I guess you ’ve waived the right to challenge it by not challenging it sooner , ” ruled the judge , Navy Capt .
Keith Allred .
Hamdan ’s trial is the first in the tribunals the Bush administration created to prosecute non-U.S. citizens on terrorism charges outside the civilian and military court system .
The court itself is as much on trial as Hamdan .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell called the trial “ a good first effort ” and said , “ We think that you ’ve seen a fair and transparent process . ”
Military defense lawyers and human rights monitors say the trials are rigged to convict because they allow hearsay and coerced testimony obtained without prisoners being warned that their confessions could be used against them .
“ This trial was a betrayal of American values and will rightly be seen as illegitimate by the rest of the world , ” said Ben Wizner , who is monitoring the trial for the American Civil Liberties Union .
Prosecutors agreed to withdraw their objections to Allred ’s jury instructions rather than risk a mistrial .
But they sought clarification on the circumstances under which killing or trying to kill U.S. soldiers is considered a war crime since the issue will arise in other Guantanamo cases .
“ We plan on charging at least 80 individuals down here , ” said prosecutor Clayton Trivett .
The United States classifies Hamdan and the other 265 Guantanamo captives as “ unlawful enemy combatants ” who do not fight for a national army or wear uniforms or bear arms openly .
The conspiracy charge accuses Hamdan of agreeing with al Qaeda to commit murder in violation of the laws of war by transporting two surface - to - air missiles that were to be used against U.S. and allied forces in Afghanistan .
In order to find him guilty on that charge , the judge instructed jurors , they must find the missiles were intended for use against protected people -- civilians not involved in hostilities , soldiers removed from combat by illness or capture , or religious or medical personnel .
The prosecution presented no evidence any such people were targeted .
They argued the missiles were intended for use against U.S. forces , who had the only planes in the area .
The prosecution wanted the judge to revise the instructions and tell jurors that any attempt by an “ unlawful enemy combatant ” to kill a U.S. soldier in combat is a war crime .
The defense said that was not the law of war in effect when the alleged acts occurred , and Congress could not retroactively change it in the 2006 law underpinning the Guantanamo trials .
If that had been the law , defense attorney Joe McMillan argued , then the United States committed a war crime by providing missiles to mujahideen forces who used them against the Soviet military in Afghanistan in the 1990s .
The US presidential election will not be free and fair , because millions of electors will either not be allowed to vote or will not have their votes properly counted .
It could cost Barack Obama the White House , even if he wins most of the votes on November 4 .
This sensational claim is based on research by the New York Times ( NYT ) and BBC Newsnight .
The NYT found that in some states for every new voter registered in the last couple of months , two voters have been removed – negating Obama 's massive voter registration drive .
This voter purging could mean fewer people voting next month than voted in 2004 .
In Colorado , for example , which has seen a significant population increase since the last presidential election , the state has recorded a net loss of nearly 100,000 voters from its rolls since 2004 .
Louisiana , Michigan and Colorado are deleting registered voters from the rolls within 90 days of a federal election , which is illegal except when voters die , notify the authorities that they have moved out of state , or have been declared unfit to vote .
This widespread electoral malpractice is independently corroborated by a Newsnight investigation by Greg Palast .
He reminds us that in the 2004 presidential election , between 1.6 and three million votes were cast but never counted , according to the US Election Assistance Commission .
This is easily enough votes to have changed the outcome of the poll and put John Kerry in the White House .
Palast says that almost three million voters have already been purged from the voter rolls – mostly poor and black voters who are more likely to vote Democrat .
During elections in New Mexico earlier this year , one in nine voters found that their names had disappeared from the voter rolls .
In Colorado , the disenfranchisement is even greater , with 20 % of voters being purged .
It has happened before .
During the 2004 presidential election one in four registered Ohio voters turned up at the polling booth only to discover that their names were not on the voter roll , an exclusion rate of 25 % .
Democrat leaders are too high on their " Yes we can " hype to kick up a fuss about this massive disenfranchisement of their voters .
They naively assume that Obama 's poll lead will give him victory , regardless of the election bias .
It might .
But then , again , it might not .
Another form of voter exclusion is happening in Michigan , where 62,000 lower income families , mostly Democrat supporters , face losing their homes to foreclosure .
Loss of residence means losing their voting address and their right to vote .
Many of the evictions are being orchestrated by a foreclosure company that supports the Republican party .
Michigan is n't alone .
In several crucial swing states , including Nevada and Florida , foreclosures and the consequent loss of voting rights could affect the outcome and decide the presidency .
Election bias does n't stop there .
The Republican strategist
Karl Rove has backed a new law requiring voters to show photo ID at the polling booth .
One in ten US citizens do n't have photo ID .
Among African Americans it is one in five .
This requirement will disenfranchise millions of poor , elderly and black Americans , who tend to vote Democrat .
In one swing state , Indiana , an estimated 100,000 African - Americans may lose their right to vote .
A combination of voter roll purging and photo ID requirement could be enough to swing the presidential election in favour of John McCain – even if Barack Obama has a substantial opinion poll lead on election day .
Writing in Rolling Stone magazine in 2006 , the civil rights lawyer Robert Kennedy Jr , JFK 's nephew , revealed how voting irregularities in 2004 were enough to steal the presidency for the Republicans .
He has also demonstrated that the electronic voting machines that will be used in the November 4 election are not reliable and accurate , and that they are vulnerable to hacking .
Moreover , he shows that three of the four companies that supply voting machines and count the votes have close links with the Republican party .
Writing in the same magazine this month , Kennedy and Palast document large - scale election irregularities by the
Republicans that they believe could be enough to swing the election .
Their meticulously researched expose and documentary catalogue evidence that the Republicans may have already stolen the 2008 presidential vote .
" If Democrats are to win the 2008 election , " Kennedy and Palast conclude , " they must not simply beat John McCain at the polls – they must beat him by a margin that exceeds the level of GOP [ Republican ] vote tampering . "
\\
For more information email us at : write2pao@aol.com
Please make any contributions payable to :
Planetary Activation Organization
P. O. Box 6358
Folsom , California 95763-6358 USA
© This is the official website for Sheldan Nidle and the Galactic Federation
Copyright © 1996 - 2020 by Sheldan Nidle .
All Rights Reserved .
Your First Contact , Selamat Ja , Fluid Management , PAO , PAG , PAG World , Ummac Dan ,
and the Ummac Dan symbol are registered trademarks of Sheldan Nidle .
Reproduction in whole or part of this website without prior written permission is strictly prohibited .
This website created and maintained for Sheldan Nidle by Miles Simons .
Salim sez , " William Poole , an 18 - year - old Kentucky high - school student wrote a story about a high - school over - ran by a plague of zombies .
Not exactly the most original scenario , but just the sort of thing for a young writer to cut his teeth on .
Unfortunately the kid's grandparents found the manuscript and assumed the very worst .
The high - schooler was arrested on Tuesday morning and is currently being held at the Clark County Detention Center .
The local police seem to be treating this work of fiction as if it were some kind of terrorist threat . "
" My story is based on fiction , " said Poole , who faces a second - degree felony terrorist threatening charge .
" It 's a fake story .
I made it up .
I 've been working on one of my short stories , ( and ) the short story they found was about zombies .
Yes , it did say a high school .
It was about a high school over ran by zombies . "
Even so , police say the nature of the story makes it a felony .
" Anytime you make any threat or possess matter involving a school or function it's a felony in the state of Kentucky , " said Winchester Police detective Steven Caudill .
Student Arrested For Terroristic Threatening Says Incident A Misunderstanding
( Thanks , Salim ! )
Mention casual gaming to Peter Molyneux , founder of game developers Lionhead , and the expression that passes across his face could barely look less casual .
" There 's a lot more people jumping on boards and waving sticks and doing casual games , and an awful lot of publishers now are literally going out and trying to create games for those people " , he responds .
You can't help but get the impression that this might well vex him a little .
" Only the games that are excruciatingly casual " , he adds , " are making casual gamers feel good " .
Peter Molyneux 's work over the last 25 years has been revolutionary and his most recognisable efforts , games such as Theme Park , Dungeon Keeper and Populous , all helped in highly individual ways to redefine the field in which he has worked .
His latest release , Fable 2 ( released last Monday ) , a " sandbox " fantasy game which combines the immersion of role - playing games with the thrills of the adventure genre promises to do the same .
Molyneux 's ambitions are not modest ; his goal is to approach games development from a totally different perspective to that of many of his peers :
" The psychology of making a video game was in the past based around , ' What 's gonna make you sweat , what 's gonna keep you on the edge of your seat ' .
That 's a fundamental problem for me as a designer , because if a game succeeds at making you sweat you 'll be sweating all the time .
Rather than saying ' what makes you sweat ' , we 've tried to replace that line with ' how does it make you feel ? ' "
Effecting and practicing this change has been one of Molyneux 's key innovations in the field , and it 's largely been achieved by subverting the traditional narrative to which video game fans have become accustomed .
For the most part , the history of video games plots has been one of men beating other men and rescuing women , from Mario 's pursuit of Princess Peach to the male protagonists of the modern era ( see Solid Snake of Metal Gear Solid and , worse , Grand Theft Auto's Niko Belic ) .
The wish fulfilment of young heterosexual male gamers has been central to gaming since it inception , and , while the typical gamer has changed in recent years with both genders and older ( and younger ) people now taking part , the narrative ideas presented in the vast majority of games have failed to react to this change anywhere near quickly enough .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In Dungeon Keeper , a game Molyneux developed at former company Bullfrog in 1997 , the game turned the tables on this legacy by allowing the player to take on the heroes by becoming one of the bad guys .
In Fable II the subversion is more subtle .
While it is still possible to play as a male hero adventuring and pursue women , when starting the game players must choose the gender of their avatar .
Later on , when it becomes possible to form relationships with in - game characters , it 's possible to have homosexual marriages in the same way it 's possible to have heterosexual ones .
It is n't that Lionhead has abandoned the precedents of their gaming forebears ; it 's that they 've made a conscious effort to expand upon them :
" We wanted to create a story that you could never forget , " Peter tells me .
" That meant making a game which can be played by someone who has n't picked up computer games before and making sure they do n't feel stupid .
Computer games have this unbelievable ability to say to you , ' be who you want . ' "
He concedes that when making the first Fable game , his team did n't focus enough on storytelling : " We were in a place where we were like 12 - year - old boys talking about our favourite adventure .
We did n't know how to write the story , we did n't know how to write the characters , we did n't know about pacing or about the hero 's journey " , he tells me .
By way of illustration , he adds " in the original , there was one character who was literally a checkout girl in our local Tesco " .
In contrast , the sequel features the vocal talents of such accomplished figures as Zoe Wanamaker , Stephen Fry , Bill Nighy and Helena Bonham Character .
Scriptwriters were drafted in from such diverse televisual offerings as Holby City and Desperate Housewives , and the team had crucial sections of the game directed and acted out on a sound stage normally used for professional filming in order to give crucial parts of the plot dramaturgical authenticity .
In addition , the amount of dialogue has multiplied by ten since the original , to a total of 200,000 lines , in order to create the sense of a reactive , living world ; " To give you that feeling of uniqueness when you do that something that 's good or bad or stupid or clever , the world reacts to you and that happens mainly through the dialogue . "
Reaction to the game has been overwhelmingly positive , but it sounds like one reviewer 's opinion in particular has affected its creator .
" He came up to me and said ' I cant go any further in the game ' " , Molyneux recalls .
" My heart sunk and I thought that there must have been a bug in there that prevented him from progressing .
I asked him if that was it , and he said ' No , I 'm terrified that something terrible is going to happen if I go any further ' .
He was thinking about his family in the game , and he worried that he was going to lose something he cared about .
That 's the trick : to get you to care about something .
That " , he concludes , " is the key " .
NYC police propose massive public snooping system Stephen C. Webster
Published : Tuesday August 12 , 2008
Print This Email This With mass surveillance systems now prevalent in London , the burial place of George Orwell , America 's ' Big Apple ' is mulling its own ' Big Brother ' network .
In a proposal by Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly , ' Operation Sentinel ' would create a technological surveillance veil that scans license plates and photographs vehicles as they cross bridges and enter or exit tunnels .
Radiological detectors would also be installed to sniff out potential terrorism threats .
Data collected by the snooping would be stored for one month at a command center in Lower Manhattan .
In all , some 3,000 public and private security cameras would be deployed .
" ' This is just a planning document , ' " said Paul J. Browne , a police spokesman , to the New York Times .
" It 's a vision of how it will work if all the components come together . "
The public snooping technology is inspired by a system installed by the British government in London , which has blanketed the city in the view of cameras , range of microphones , and earshot of government minders who can actually speak to pedestrians through a massive PA system .
The British government also had radio frequency identification chips installed in every vehicle 's license plates , the identifying signals from which are capable of being read over 300 feet away .
" We definitely have an interest in testing an RFID - tagged license plate , " claimed Jerry Dike , chairman of the American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators , in a 2005 report by Wired Magazine .
No such measure has been proposed for New York City , however .
While the 3,000 cameras the New York proposal suggests are a far cry from the UK's estimated 4.2 million , ' Operations Sentinel ' features a few additional nuances not found in London .
In related security initiatives , ground zero would be enclosed in a security zone which only pre-screened vehicles may enter .
Additionally , dozens of security booths would be built on high traffic corners to monitor pedestrians and passing vehicles .
Movable roadblocks in the financial district would also block traffic as authorities deem necessary , with some streets exclusively reserved for emergency personnel .
The plan has caused some consternation among area business owners , who fear the measures would create an environment unfriendly to workers .
Should police have no use for the data collected by ' Operation Sentinel , ' it would be deleted within 30 days , a spokesman said .
No estimate as to when ' Operation Sentinel ' may be in place has been provided , though police expect related security measures , centered on protecting ground zero and the financial district , to be running by 2010 .
International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) loans were associated with a 16.6 % rise in death rates from tuberculosis ( TB ) in the former Soviet Union and Central and Eastern European countries between 1992 and 2002 , finds a study in this week 's PLoS Medicine .
The study , by David Stuckler and colleagues from the University of Cambridge , UK , and Yale University , USA , also found that IMF loans were linked with a 13.9 % increase in the number of new cases of TB per year and a 13.2 % increase per year in the total number of people with the disease .
Between 1992 and 2002 , most of the countries studied in this analysis received IMF loans for the first time .
As Stuckler and colleagues note , " According to the IMF , the objective of these programs is to achieve macroeconomic stability and economic growth ... " , yet a recent report from the Center for Global Development has suggested that countries receiving IMF loans may constrain spending on health and social services .
For example , countries receiving IMF loans might need to reduce social spending in order to meet the targets set as a condition of the loan , and do so by placing caps on public wage bills or by privatizing healthcare services .
However , previously it has not been clear whether IMF loans are actually linked to any changes in measurable health outcomes .
For their analysis , Stuckler and colleagues used data on health outcomes from the World Health Organization ( WHO ) , and IMF data from the World Bank 's World Development Indicators .
They set up models to test whether entry to , and exit from , IMF programs was linked with changes in TB outcomes in these countries , while controlling for other factors that might have had an effect ( such as the level of economic development , financial desperation , HIV / AIDS , and so on ) .
The authors also tried to understand what mechanisms might be responsible for the increase in TB death rates that they found .
Using a separate set of models , the authors suggest that IMF programs are linked to an 8 % drop in government spending , a 7 % drop in the number of doctors per head , and lower coverage of TB control using the " directly observed treatment , short course " ( DOTS ) strategy recommended by the WHO .
Together , these findings suggest that countries receiving IMF loans make cutbacks in their TB control infrastructure and that this might be responsible for the increase in TB death rates .
In an expert commentary on the study , Megan Murray and Gary King from Harvard University , USA , who were not involved in the study , discuss the difficulties involved in doing such research and the conclusions that can be drawn from the findings .
Despite the key limitations they outline ( in particular , the fact that IMF loans are not randomly assigned , but are likely given to countries which are " doing badly " economically ) , they conclude : " we are convinced that at least the authors went very far in testing assumptions and mitigating uncertainties , and so the study and its conclusions should be taken seriously . "
Before applying these findings directly to policy , it would be important to understand whether IMF spending has an effect on health outcomes other than TB , and also to more clearly understand the possible mechanisms which link these loans to worsened health outcomes .
Citation : Stuckler D , King LP , Basu S ( 2008 ) International Monetary Fund programs and tuberculosis outcomes in post - communist countries .
PLoS Med 5 ( 7 ) : e143 .
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050143
medicine.plosjournals.org/perl … journal.pmed.0050143
Source : Public Library of Science
HONG KONG ( MarketWatch ) -- East Asia leaders agreed to a timetable for fine tuning an $ 80 billion foreign - exchange reserve pool that will be used a countermeasure to defend currencies and backstop Asian economies amid the global financial crisis of how it will work by November and to have leaders formally endorse it by December .
The agreement , which essentially firms up an earlier commitment in May , was reached by leaders of China , South Korea , Japan and the 10 nations comprising the Association of South East Asian Nations , or Asean , at a meeting in Beijing .
If you want to share files between your Ubuntu and Windows computers , your best option is to use Samba file sharing .
To install , first open a terminal window and enter the following command :
sudo apt - get install samba smbfs
We ’ve got samba installed , but now we ’ll need to configure it to make it accessible .
Run the following command to open the configuration file , substituting your editor of choice :
sudo gedit /etc/samba/smb.conf
Find this section in the file :
####### Authentication ####### # “ security = user ” is always a good idea .
This will require a Unix account
# in this server for every user accessing the server .
See
# /usr / share/doc/samba-doc/htmldocs/Samba-HOWTO-Collection/ServerType.html
# in the samba - doc package for details .
; security = user
Uncomment the security line , and add another line to make it look like this :
security = user
username map = /etc/samba/smbusers
This will set Samba to use the smbusers file for looking up the user list .
Create a Samba User
There are two steps to creating a user .
First we ’ll run the smbpasswd utility to create a samba password for the user .
sudo smbpasswd - a < username >
Next , we ’ll add that username to the smbusers file .
sudo gedit /etc/samba/smbusers
Add in the following line , substituting the username with the one you want to give access to .
The format is < ubuntuusername > = “ < samba username > ” .
You can use a different samba user name to map to an ubuntu account , but that ’s not really necessary right now .
< username > = “ < username > ”
Now you can create samba shares and give access to the users that you listed here .
Share User Home Directories
Bisa juga dengan mainGemetar dari Blibli mulai tanggal 1 Desember 2019 .
Setiap aktivitas non transaksi di atas yang Anda lakukan , Anda bisa mendapatkan satu buah tiken gratis per aktivitas dengan maksimal token yang akan didapat adalah 2 token per hari .
Semua token tersebut bisa Anda mainkan untuk dapatkan produk murah dari Blibli .
Top 10 Awesome Apps That Will Help Improve Workplace Productivity and Employee Engagement
Over 70 percent of U.S. workers do not feel engaged at work .
We already know that high engagement among employees improves productivity and performance by over 20 percent .
Many people have pointed to the internet and our smartphones as a killer of productivity in the workplace .
However , we believe that the internet and technology is the solution rather than the problem .
With so many useful productivity apps on the market , it ’s important that your company adopts the best productivity tools .
Keep reading to find out more about the top 10 productivity apps that can improve engagement and results for your company .
1. Doodle
Have you ever had an email exchange with work colleagues that goes like this :
Person A : Are you free Tuesday at 9.00 ?
Person B : No , I can do 11.00 .
Person A : Sorry , I ’m busy after 11.00 .
What about Wednesday at 9.00 instead ?
Person B : Yes , sounds good .
Person C : Actually , I ca n’t make it Wednesday until 11.00 .
Person B : I have a meeting at 11.00 already .
And the conversation goes on and on until you eventually agree on a time to meet .
According to research , the average company wastes nearly 5 hours per week on scheduling meetings .
What if there was a better way ?
Doodle allows you to schedule meetings online through its free app .
You no longer have to waste time negotiating a time and date for the meeting with your colleagues .
Instead , you write a single message about the meeting and each participant enters time slots in order of convenience .
To learn about the benefits of using employee scheduling apps like Doodle , click here for more .
2. Box Platform
Box Platform is not as well - known as Dropbox .
Many people have even referred to the cloud storage service app as “ Dropbox for the enterprise “ .
However , if you ’re a remote enterprise company , Box platform could improve your productivity in a short time .
You can transfer all your content onto Box without any fear .
You ’ll have secure access to everything whenever you are on the go .
Furthermore , in contrast to other must - have iPhone apps , Box operates smoothly on any device .
3. BlueJeans
If you want to get in touch with a colleague out of office , it ’s sometimes difficult to communicate over email .
Sometimes , you need a face - to - face meeting to hammer out the business plan or solve a challenge together .
That ’s where BlueJeans comes in !
You can communicate and collaborate with other people on your team through video conferencing .
The best part about BlueJeans is its reliability .
You do n’t have to deal with the constant cutting in and out that comes with other video communication apps .
4. Slack
Do you sometimes want to share a web link with a colleague ?
Or , do you need to request some information about a project ?
What do you do when an email is too slow but a call seems too much ?
The answer is Slack !
Slack is a platform through which you can communicate with your colleagues in a single place .
It does n’t matter how large your workforce is ; you can adapt Slack to the size of your enterprise .
Slack allows you to manage your conversations in different forums and formats according to the topic and participants .
That way you do n’t waste other colleagues ’ time by involving them in projects that are n’t relevant .
If you have a number of other apps you use to manage your enterprise , you can integrate everything together in the Slack network .
5. Evernote
Where did you put that piece of paper with your notes from the meeting ?
With Evernote , you can ensure that all your notes are in one place and accessible via any computer or device .
Since 2016 , there have been over 150 million users of Evernote worldwide .
You ca n’t allow your company to fall behind because you do n’t have your note - taking in order .
6. CamCard
It ’s not easy keeping track of every business card you ’ve ever had .
With CamCard , you can organize your business cards in a single place .
All you have to do is take a photograph of your business cards and the information displayed on the card transfers to your phone ’s contacts .
You can also include any attached notes or reminders in the contact information .
7. Expensify
You can waste time calculating who owes what from the coffee order , but with Expensify , the receipts and expenses are all taken care of for you .
With the Expensify platform , you can generate expense reports that make everyone ’s life easier .
All you need to do is take a photograph of each receipt .
The Expensify app has become the leading expenses app for businesses around the world .
8. Asana
Do you sometimes get confused about who is responsible for which project ?
How much have we achieved on project A ?
These are the kinds of questions that you wo n’t need to worry about any longer .
With the Asana app , you can track the progress of different projects and assign tasks to members of your team .
You ’ll spend more time on achieving results rather than wondering who is responsible for each task .
9. 15Five
Forget Facebook and Instagram !
15 Five is the perfect app for keeping your workforce in the loop about everything that ’s going on in the industry and company .
15 Five allows you to check in with colleagues to smooth over any problems .
This way you can handle any concerns people have in a few moments .
Nothing boosts the engagement of your workforce like a virtual “ High Five ” .
10 . Producteev
Do you find that the standard “ to - do list ” does n’t cut it in your workplace ?
You need a productivity app that allows you to improve your performance .
Producteev allows you to manage your projects and tasks in a single app .
This way you wo n’t ever forget a task again .
It does n’t matter if you have a colleague using an Android device in Shanghai and an iPhone user in London .
You can work together with Producteev .
Learn More About Productivity Apps
Now that you know the top engagement and productivity apps in the business , you can use them to improve your company ’s performance .
By transferring your company ’s projects , onto mobile apps , you can take your work with you wherever you go .
You ’ll be able to communicate with team members on the go and assign new tasks when need be .
Do you want to find out how apps can improve both your professional and personal life ?
Check out our blog posts on Apps .
McCain Volunteer Ashley Todd Attacked and Mutilated in Pittsburgh ( Photos )
Ashley Todd after being attacked and mutilated
A McCain campaign volunteer was attacked and mutilated while being robbed at an ATM in Bloomfield , near Pittsburgh last night .
The attacker carved a " B " into the 20 - year - old woman 's face after noticing McCain bumper stickers on her car .
Pittsburgh news stations and newspapers are reporting that Ashley Todd , from College Station , Texas , was withdrawing money from an ATM around 9 pm Wednesday after leaving a Republican phone bank , when she was approached by " a dark - skinned African - American man about 6 ' 4 " , who held a knife at her throat .
The suspect stole $ 60 from Todd and became enraged when he saw the McCain stickers on her car , saying , ' Oh you 're with McCain , you 're with the McCain campaign ?
I 'm going to teach you a lesson . ' "
After repeatedly hitting , kicking and threatening the young woman , the suspect then carved a " B " in her cheek for " Barack " Obama .
Todd is in Pittsburgh volunteering for the McCain - Palin campaign .
A spokesperson for the campaign says that Senator McCain and Governor Palin have both spoken to Todd .
This is just the latest in an increasing number of violent incidents across the country by Obama supporters .
The Obama - Biden campaign released a statement saying " Our thoughts and prayers are with the young woman for her to make a speedy recovery , and we hope that the person who perpetrated this crime is swiftly apprehended and brought to justice . "
It seems no one is pointing out the fact that the " B " carved into her cheek is backward , leading me to speculate that just maybe she did this to herself while looking in a mirror ?
Of course the attacker may have been at her head , facing her feet , but it does n't help her case that she refused medical treatment and the attack happened away from the surveillance cameras .
I truly hope I 'm wrong on this , but I 'm just sayin ' ...
View photos and video below .
' We Could Do it Today ' Israel Prepared to Use Force Against Iran
Israel wo n't rule out a military attack on Iran , according to Isaac Ben-Israel of the ruling Kadima party .
The former air force general told SPIEGEL that : " If necessary , we will use force . "
In the interest of discovering some further reading material ,
I have created a quick survey open to all LtU'ers ..
Please name :
1 ) One of your favourite papers of all time
2 ) A recent paper you consider ground - breaking in some way
3 ) A lesser - known paper that you feel ought to be more widely read
Any PL topics welcome !
Barrons :
The consensus of Fed watchers and the futures market is that the FOMC will cut its federal - funds rate target another 50 basis points ( half percentage point ) to 1 % when it announces its decision tomorrow ( Wednesday ) at 2:15 PM EDT .
That would leave the Fed 's main policy rate at its previous nadir touched in the past cycle and would , in effect , leave it relatively few basis points left to cut before the funds rate reached zero .
Before cell phones even before telephones , people communicated through Morse code .
Despite being a technology that is over 160 years old , it ’s still used today among amateur radio users and on some ships .
If you were in Boy Scouts , you might have messed around with Morse code or maybe you had a grandpa who used it on his ham radio .
Learning Morse is a fun and engaging hobby you can share with gramps and an interesting man skill to possess .
The History of Morse Code
Morse code was invented by Samuel F. B. Morse in the 1830s .
He began work on the electric telegraph in 1832 , developed a practical system in 1844 , and patented his technology in 1849 .
The code that Morse developed for use with his system went through a few transformations before arriving at the code we ’re familiar with today .
Initially , Morse code only transmitted numbers .
The transmission ’s receiver would then have to use a dictionary to translate the numbers into words .
But that proved to be tedious .
Soon the code was expanded to include letters and even punctuation .
In 1844 , Morse appeared before Congress to show off his little machine .
The first public message was transmitted on May 24 , 1844 .
It was “ What God hath wrought . ”
The original telegraph system had an apparatus on the receiving end that spat out a string of paper with indentations on it .
Short indentations were called “ dots ” and the longer ones “ dashes . ”
As telegraph users became more proficient with the code , they soon dispensed with the paper tape and deciphered code by year .
Self made tycoon Andrew Carnegie worked as a telegraph operator as a boy .
He set himself apart by learning to decipher Morse code by ear .
Ten years after the first telegraph line opened in 1844 , over 23,000 miles of line crossed the country .
The telegraph and Morse code had a profound effect on the development of the American West .
Railroad companies used it to communicate between their stations and telegraph companies began to pop up everywhere , shortening the amount of time needed to communicate across the country .
During this period , European countries had developed their own system of Morse code .
The code used in America was called American Morse code or often Railroad Morse code .
The code used in Europe was called Continental Morse code .
In the 1890 ’s radio communication was invented and Morse code was used for transmitting messages at sea .
As radio frequencies got longer and longer , international communication soon became possible and a need for an international standard code developed .
In 1912 , the International Morse code was adopted for all international communication .
However , many railroads and telegraph companies continued using Railroad Morse code because it could be sent faster .
Today , American Morse code is nearly extinct .
A few amateur radio users and Civil War re-enactors still keep it alive .
Morse code became extremely important in maritime shipping and aviation .
Pilots were required to know how to communicate using Morse code up until the 1990s .
Today Morse code is primarily used among amateur radio users .
In fact , up until 2007 , if you wanted to get your amateur radio license in America , you had to pass a Morse code proficiency test .
How to Learn Morse Code
Learning Morse code is like learning any language .
You have to practice , practice , practice .
We ’ve brought together some resources to help you get started on the path to becoming a master telegraph operator .
Who knows ?
Maybe you can start your own telegraph shop .
1 . Get familiar with the code .
The first thing you ’ll need to do is get familiar with what the alphabet looks like in Morse code .
Below I ’ve included the International Morse code alphabet .
Print it off , carry it around with you , and study it during your free time .
( In order to download the image , right click it and hit “ save . ” )
2. Start listening to Morse code .
You ’re going to have to actually listen to Morse code if you ever want to learn it .
Head over to learnmorsecode.com and download some MP3s of some code .
Listen to it and see if you can decipher any letters .
3 . Use this nifty chart .
Print off this dichotomic search tree to help you decipher code .
Start off where it says “ start . ”
Every time you hear a dit ( or short sound ) you move down and to the left .
Every time you hear a dah ( or long sound ) you move down and to the right .
Learnmorsecode.com has a dichotomic chart as well , except it ’s the reverse of this one .
( You go left on dah , right on dit ) .
Use whichever one is comfortable for you .
4. Practice with the AA9 PW app .
This online app will help you practice with it for 10 minutes a day and you ’ll be well on your way to becoming a Morse code wiz .
You can also try out “ The Mill . ”
It ’s a downlodable app that not only allows you to use International Morse code , but also American Morse code .
Tips to Make Morse Code Memorization Easier
Knowing the number of characters in each letter can help you narrow down your possibilities when you receive a message .
T , E= 1 character each
A , I , M , N= 2 characters
D , G , K , O , R , S , U , W= 3 characters
B , C , F , H , J , L , P , Q , V , X , Y , Z= 4 characters each
Reverse letters .
Some letters are the reverse of each other in Morse code .
For example “ a ” is “ ._ ” while “ n ” is “ _. ”
Here are the rest of the letters that are the reverse of each other :
a & n d & u g & w b & v f & l q & y
The terrain mapping camera will eventually help compile an atlas of the Moon
India 's Chandrayaan 1 spacecraft has sent back its first images .
The probe was launched on 22 October to embark on a two - year mission to explore the Moon .
Ground controllers in Bangalore instructed the probe to take pictures with its Terrain Mapping Camera as the spacecraft made a pass of the Earth .
Chandrayaan also fired its engines for three minutes to carry out an orbit raising manoeuvre which takes the probe closer to the lunar body .
That was the fourth manoeuvre of its type made by the spacecraft , extending its orbit to more than half the distance to the Moon .
Just one more like it is required to take Chandrayaan into the Moon 's vicinity , at a distance of 384,000 km from Earth .
Keeping up
The first images , taken at an altitude of 9,000 km , show the northern coast of Australia while others , snapped at a height of 70,000 km , show Australia 's southern coast .
The camera takes black and white images at a resolution of 5 m The Terrain Mapping Camera is one of the eleven scientific instruments aboard Chandrayaan 1 .
The camera takes black and white pictures , and should achieve a best resolution on its mission of about 5 m per pixel .
Once Chandrayaan reaches the Moon , it will slip into orbit to compile a 3D atlas of the lunar surface and map the distribution of elements and minerals .
The mission is regarded as a major step for India as it seeks to keep pace with other spacefaring nations in Asia .
The health of Chandrayaan 1 is being continuously monitored from the ISRO Telemetry , Tracking and Command Network ( ISTRAC ) in Bangalore with support from Indian Deep Space Network antennas at Byalalu .
The Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) - the country 's space agency - says that all systems have been performing well .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Accepting Democratic nomination , Obama unveils harshest attacks on McCain foreign policy David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Thursday August 28 , 2008
Print This Email This Defends himself from attacks on patriotism DENVER -- Barack Obama , accepting his party 's nomination after a campaign promising to bring change to Washington , unveiled some of his harshest attacks against his Republican opponent while fiercely defending himself from attacks on his patriotism .
Speaking before a crowd of 84,000 cheering , flag - waving supporters , Obama presented himself as having the " temperament and judgment " to lead America through a tumultuous world and accused John McCain of taking his eye off the No. 1 threat to national security .
" John McCain likes to say he 'll follow bin Laden to the Gates of Hell -- but he wo n't even go to the cave where he lives , " Obama said , accusing the Arizona senator of supporting the Iraq war and losing focus on Afghanistan .
The 45 - minute address allowed Obama to outline his domestic and foreign proposals before a national audience , but its most striking aspects were lines like that one laying into his Republican opponent .
The Illinois senator outlined his background growing up without knowing his father and watching his mother die of cancer , comparing his own experiences to the populist domestic policies he hoped to introduce .
" I do n't know what kind of lives John McCain thinks that celebrities lead , but this has been mine , " Obama said after praising his parents and grandparents .
The meatiest part of Obama 's speech saw him discussing his foreign policy proposals and emphasizing his judgement in opposing the Iraq war .
He further noted that his call for a timetable to leave Iraq has garnered support from Iraqi leaders and has even been entertained by the Bush administration , arguing that McCain " stands alone in his stubborn refusal to end a misguided war , " and calling for a new direction in foreign policy .
" You do n't defeat a terrorist network that operates in 80 countries by occupying Iraq , " Obama said , mentioning his calls to engage in diplomacy with rogue regimes and rebuild US alliances with Europe .
" If John McCain wants to follow George Bush with more tough talk and bad strategy , that is his choice -- but it is not the change we need . "
Obama presented himself as following in the mold of past Democratic presidents Franklin D. Roosevelt and John F. Kennedy and accused President Bush of squandering America 's legacy in the world .
While he said he looked forward to debating foreign policy with McCain , Obama responded directly to McCain 's accusations that his positions were politically motivated .
" What I will not do is suggest that the Senator takes his positions for political purposes , " Obama said .
" Because one of the things that we have to change in our politics is the idea that people cannot disagree without challenging each other 's character of patriotism . "
McCain has repeatedly launched the accusation that Obama would " rather lose a war than lose an election , " and the Republican presidential nominee 's favorite talking point of late is that he puts " country first " -- carrying with it the none - to - subtle implication that Obama does not .
Obama explicitly responded to those accusations with a reprise of one of the best lines from the 2004 convention speech that launched him to national prominence .
" The men and women who serve in our battlefields may be Democrats and Republicans and Independents , but they have fought together and bled together and some died together under the same proud flag , " Obama said as thousands of American flags fluttered in the audience .
" They have not served a Red America or a Blue America -- they have served the United States of America .
" So I 've got news for you , John McCain .
We all put our country first . "
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast August 28 , 2008 .
Download video
WASHINGTON ( mcclatchydc.com ) --
The Bush administration will announce in mid-November , after the presidential election , that it intends to establish the first U.S. diplomatic presence in Iran , according to senior Bush administration officials .
The proposal for an “ interests section , ” which falls short of a full U.S. Embassy , has been conveyed in private diplomatic messages to Tehran , and a search is under way to choose the American diplomat who'd head the post , the officials said .
They spoke on condition of anonymity because the step has n't been announced and discussions of it have been limited to a small circle of government officials .
It 's not known how Iran has responded .
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said last month that he'd consider the idea , which first surfaced over the summer .
Earlier this month , an Iranian official said that Tehran would refuse to allow a U.S. - based nonprofit group , the American - Iranian Council , to operate there after it received a Treasury Department license to do so .
The question of whether to deal directly with Iran has punctuated the U.S. presidential campaign .
Sen. Barack Obama , the Democratic nominee , has criticized the Bush administration 's penchant for not talking to U.S. challengers , and has indicated that he'd hold direct talks , even with President Ahmadinejad .
Republican nominee Sen. John McCain has ridiculed Obama and his foreign policy as naive .
Yet in his waning days in office , President Bush has authorized a more direct approach to Iran , sending Undersecretary of State William Burns to participate in six-nation nuclear talks with Iranian representatives in Geneva in July .
The senior administration officials said the plan to open an interests section in the Iranian capital is n't a move to closer government - to - government ties .
Rather , they say , it is an effort to reach out to the Iranian people .
Among other things , the U.S. diplomats in Tehran would facilitate cultural exchanges ; issue visas for Iranians to travel to the U.S. ; and engage in public diplomacy to present a more charitable view of the U.S. The U.S. and Iran do n't have formal diplomatic relations , which were broken by President Jimmy Carter in April 1980 , following the November 1979 seizure of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran .
U.S. interests in Iran are looked after by the Swiss .
Iran has a small interests section in Washington under Pakistan 's embassy , but it does n't include any Iranian diplomats .
That could change if Iran insists on reciprocity as the price for establishing a U.S. diplomatic outpost in Tehran , which the senior officials said they predict it will do .
President Ahmadinejad , in a late September interview with The New York Times , said of the U.S. interests section idea : “ I have announced before that we will look at ( it ) with a positive frame of mind .
” Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki said in New York in July that Iran would insist on a quid pro quo for permitting a U.S. interests section : approval of its standing request for direct flights between Tehran and New York .
Other Iranian officials have been cooler to the idea .
While some senior officials said Bush and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice have n't made a final decision , they and others indicated that the mid-November announcement is a near - certainty .
For a model , Bush administration officials point to the U.S. interests section in Havana , Cuba , which was opened in 1977 .
As with Iran , the U.S. and Cuba do n't have formal diplomatic ties .
The U.S. government also has been quietly licensing U.S. - based nongovernmental groups to work in Iran , giving them a waiver from Treasury Department sanctions on Iran .
Here , for instance , is the 200 - page environmental assessment Verizon commissioned to study McCain ’s land , and filed with the FCC .
It was no small process .
The group that Verizon hired to conduct the study , EBI Consulting , in turn had to subcontract a local archeological firm , Aztlan Archeology ( page 145 ) , to make sure the tower was n’t erected on Indian burial grounds or risked causing an eyesore .
Laurie Slawson , the archeologist who wrote the report , explained to me that Aztlan had examined a “ prehistoric rock ring ” ( page 160 ) discovered at the proposed site and contacted about a dozen local Indian tribes , from Hopis to Havasupai , to make sure no cell phone tower arose on ancient Indian burial grounds ( which , she says , does happen periodically and necessitates an expensive relocation process to less - sacred areas ) .
The McCain site did contain archeological evidence of a long - ago Indian presence — a fire pit that Slawson attributes to the Hohokam , a prehistoric agrarian tribe — though apparently nothing sacred enough to stand in the way of wireless technology .
What ’s clear from the report is that the process of putting up a tower required a lot of work — in addition to consultants and archeologists and Indian tribes , it meant notifying all sorts of government agencies , as the report lays out .
What ’s also clear from the public record is that Verizon knew full well whose non-sacred Indian land this ranch belonged to .
Though the formal , bureaucratic name for the McCain ’s ranch seems to be “ AZ 2 Hidden Valley Ranch , ” Verizon ’s internal map , obtained by The Atlantic ( it was part of a Verizon engineer 's report on the property ) , refers to it as “ John McCain ’s cabin . ”
So while Cindy McCain may indeed have requested the tower over the web like an ordinary millionaire rancher with spotty phone reception , Verizon was well aware that she was anything but that .
( As of this posting , Jeffrey Nelson , the Verizon spokesman , had n’t returned my call . )
All of this suggests a number of things :
Rogers looks to have been correct in stating that the Secret Service asked for , and received , temporary towers — but that does n’t address the parallel issue of the permanent towers , long underway until just recently , that lay at the heart of the Post piece and in the public record .
The McCains may not have asked Verizon for any special favors — but , wittingly or not , they sure look like they were about to receive them .
To my mind , Verizon looks worst of all : the company is claiming that it abandoned the tower because it would n’t “ make business sense to do it . ”
In a sense , this is self evident : you do n’t have to look any further than a map of the area to see what a remote and sparsely populated place is “ AZ 2 Hidden Valley Ranch . ”
And so the only reason to embark on the two - year process of lawyers , regulators , consultant , archeologists , and Indians is if you ’re seeking a payoff of another kind .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The Effect of Prayer on God 's Attitude Toward Mankind
8 Pages Posted : 18 Aug 2008
See all articles by James J. Heckman James J. Heckman University of Chicago - Department of Economics ; National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) ; American Bar Foundation ; Institute for the Study of Labor ( IZA ) ; CESifo ( Center for Economic Studies and Ifo Institute )
Abstract
This paper uses data available from the National Opinion Research Center 's ( NORC ) survey on religious attitudes and powerful statistical methods to evaluate the effect of prayer on the attitude of God toward human beings .
Keywords : kernel estimator , unobserved variables
JEL Classification : Z12
Suggested Citation : Suggested Citation
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
e Bay announced this week that it would ban all sales of elephant ivory on its site after the International Fund for Animal Welfare ( IFAW ) reported ( . pdf ) that eBay auctions account for nearly two - thirds of the global trade in endangered species .
The animal - rights group tracked 7,000 online listings in 11 countries , cross-referencing the names of animals on endangered species lists with product keywords like trophy , oil , claw , and rug .
The amount of trade in the US , they said , was ten times higher than the next - highest countries , China and the UK .
Nearly 75 percent of trades were in elephant ivory ; another 20 percent were exotic birds .
Primates , cats , and other animals made up the difference .
Part of what ’s so insidious about online trading is how difficult it is to police .
The sheer volume of auctions on big sites like eBay , where close to $ 2,000 worth of goods changes hands every second , makes it hard to verify every seller ’s claims .
So , for example , a seller who claims his ivory earrings are “ pre-ban ” — made from ivory obtained before the US banned such imports in 1989 — covers his back legally , but may not have documentation to back up his claims .
In light of these difficulties , it make sense to institute a global ban , which eBay has now said it will do for ivory sales by the beginning of 2009 .
But as IFAW points out in its report , the scope of internet trading far exceeds the ability of any one group to track , and the online black market is likely much bigger than we know .
Photo used under a Creative Commons license from Arno & Louise .
Contact Me
Have you witnessed humor or horror made of yarn ?
Or maybe something cool and out of the ordinary ?
Email me !
Send photos if you made it yourself or a link if you witnessed it .
All " tips " will be kept anonymous unless instructed otherwise .
whywouldyouknitthat@gmail.com
Orders President Bush signed in July authorizing raids by special operations forces in the areas of Pakistan controlled by the Taliban and Al Qaeda and undertaking those raids without official Pakistani consent , have roots stretching back to the days following the 9/11 terrorist attacks .
In an address to a joint session of Congress nine days after 9/11 , President Bush said , " From this day forward any nation that continues to harbor or support terrorism will be regarded by the United States as a hostile regime . "
But even before that declaration , two key steps had been taken :
One , Congress had authorized the use of US military force against terrorist organizations and the countries that harbor or support them .
Two , Bush administration officials had warned Pakistan 's leaders of the dire consequences their country would face if they did not unequivocally enlist in the fight against radical Islamist terrorism .
What Mr. Bush 's July orders signify is that , after seven years of encouraging Pakistan to take on extremists harbored in remote areas along its border with Afghanistan and subsidizing the Pakistani military handsomely to do it , the US has become convinced that Pakistan is neither able nor willing to fight the entrenched Taliban and Al Qaeda elements .
Indeed , recent events appear to have convinced at least some in the administration that parts of Pakistan 's military and powerful intelligence service are actually aiding the extremists .
" We 've moved beyond the message stage here .
I think the US has had it with messages that do n't get any action , and that is why the president authorized this , " says Kamran Bokhari , director of Middle East analysis for Stratfor , an intelligence consulting firm in Washington .
" This says loud and clear , ' We 're fed up . ' "
Even before the July order , the US had undertaken covert operations in Pakistan 's tribal areas .
Moreover , the CIA over the past year has stepped up missile attacks by the unmanned Predator drones it operates to hit targets in the region .
That increase has coincided with a deterioration of the war in Afghanistan , where the Afghan Army and NATO forces have come under increasing attack from militants crossing over the rugged and lawless border from Pakistan .
But Bush 's orders , first reported in The New York Times Thursday , mean that operations against insurgent sanctuaries will become overt and probably more frequent .
A Sept. 3 ground assault involving US commandos dropped from helicopters targeted a suspected terrorist compound .
Missile attacks by the CIA 's unmanned drones , including one Friday reported by Pakistani officials to have killed at last 12 people , are also on the rise .
Precedence for the orders authorizing the attacks on terrorist havens can be found in President Bill Clinton 's authorization of retaliatory attacks in 1993 ( against Iraqi intelligence facilities ) and in 1998 ( against terrorist camps in Afghanistan and Sudan ) , and in President Ronald Reagan 's bombing of Libya , legal scholars say .
The administration has debated the use of commando raids in Pakistan for years , but the tipping point came in July , as relations with Pakistan 's civilian and military leaders deteriorated , intelligence sources say .
The " kicker , " according to one source who requested anonymity over the sensitivity of the issue , was two July events : the bombing of India 's embassy in Afghanistan 's capital , Kabul , an act that US intelligence officials concluded was aided by Pakistani intelligence operatives ; and a July 13 attack on a US military outpost in eastern Afghanistan that killed nine US soldiers .
The outpost attack was carried out by Taliban militants who had crossed over the nearby border from Pakistan .
The evolution of operations in Pakistan from covert to overt actions is reminiscent of a trajectory followed in some aspects by the Vietnam War , some analysts note .
Patrick Lang , a former Middle East analyst for the Defense Intelligence Agency , says the evolution in Pakistan is similar to what occurred in Cambodia during the Vietnam War , when US operations against Vietcong sanctuaries there were initially covered up .
" We initially crossed into Cambodia as covert forces , but that changed , " says Mr. Lang , who was part of special forces that carried out the Cambodia operations .
By 1970 , cross - border operations against enemy sanctuaries were being carried out in the open .
Looking at the evolution in operations in Pakistan , the national security analyst says , " We are letting [ Pakistanis ] know this could evolve into bigger things . "
Adds the intelligence source who requested anonymity , " The message is to the new civilian leadership and the military , ' We have bought all these toys for you – if you do n't use them and do things in these areas that are causing us problems , we 'll do them for you . ' "
The new orders reflect flagging confidence in Pakistan 's civilian and military leadership to address the problem of the Taliban and terrorist havens , which are thought to harbor Al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden and his deputy , Ayman al - Zawahiri .
For seven years the Bush administration focused its Pakistan policy on President Pervez Musharraf and his assurances that he was battling the militant sanctuaries .
But Mr. Musharraf was forced to resign last month after suffering a crushing electoral defeat earlier in the year , and the US appears to have little confidence in the new civilian and military leaders .
" Musharraf was a one - stop shopping center for US relations with Pakistan , but that no longer exists , " says Stratfor 's Mr. Bokhari .
Senior State Department officials have met with Pakistan 's new civilian leaders , he notes , while top Pentagon officials have met with the military leadership including Army chief of staff Gen. Ashraf Parvez Kayani , the top military commander .
" The sense I get is they were given the runaround , and they came away from all these meetings convinced the leadership structure has become much more complex at a time when the Taliban are becoming stronger and the situation in Afghanistan is deteriorating , " Bokhari says .
" The feeling was the US could n't sit by and see how the leadership sorts itself out . "
Bush 's orders authorizing cross - border incursions into Pakistan mean in a sense that the rules governing US special operations have shifted from yellow to green .
The military will no longer need a presidential " finding " for each operation – and that , military analysts say , means the handling of forays into Pakistan will fall increasingly into military rather than CIA hands .
That has some intelligence officials worried that the consequences of stepped - up US operations in Pakistan – in terms of Pakistani public opinion and the stability of the government – will get short shrift .
According to intelligence sources , officials from the National Intelligence Council recently briefed the Bush administration 's national security team on the potentially dire consequences of US actions that could destabilize the government of a country with nuclear weapons .
Even Homer Simpson is a partisan now .
In an episode scheduled to premiere on Nov. 2 , two days before the presidential election , Mr. Simpson , the dim - witted star of the animated comedy “ The Simpsons , ” tries to vote for Barack Obama .
In the 20 years that “ The Simpsons ” has appeared on Fox , politics has frequently been a subject on the show .
Homer Simpson has campaigned for candidates — including Ralph Wiggum , a second - grader , and his boss Mr. Burns — and has even run for elected office himself .
Former presidents have even made “ guest appearances . ”
But this is Homer ’s first vote in a presidential general election .
“ It ’s time for a change , ” the character tells an electronic voting machine .
But , in a humorous take on the allegations of voter fraud that have occurred in prior elections , the machine records the vote ( multiple votes , actually ) for John McCain , then tries to swallow Homer when he disagrees .
“ This does n’t happen in America , ” the character exclaims .
“ Maybe Ohio , but not in America ! ”
The scene emerged on the Internet this week , leading some Web sites to take it as a political endorsement .
But the program said it is n’t trying to make a political statement .
“ We ’re clowns at the fringe of the party , ” Jim Brooks , an executive producer of “ The Simpsons , ” said at a telephone interview Thursday .
So what are viewers to make of the voting scene and the Web reaction ?
“ Let it be a Rorschach test , ” Mr. Brooks said .
Some viewers did n’t laugh at the clip .
A blogger for NewsBusters , a conservative site that monitors the media , criticized the show ’s attitude that only Republicans engage in “ vote fraud when the Democrats perpetrate such activity on a mass scale . ”
( Perhaps Peter Griffin , the heavy - set star of “ Family Guy , ” will vote for Mr. McCain . )
“ We try to satirize society , ” Al Jean , a writer on the show , said .
“ I think there are people — not everyone — who believe that the voting process , especially with electronic voting machines , is suspect , so that ’s what we ’re satirizing . ”
The video was posted Monday on YouTube by a user named “ deebold08 , ” perhaps a play on the name Diebold , which was once the name of a leading provider of voting machines .
Was the anonymous person who uploaded the clip trying to highlight voter fraud allegations , or perhaps trying to criticize Homer ’s endorsement ?
Mr. Brooks does n’t know .
But , he said , “ it ’s not a bad promo for our Halloween show . ”
