Police To Search City Beachgoers
By aaroncynic in News on Jun 4 , 2010 8:40 PM
Photo by swanksalot wants more liquor served and sold near the beach , Chicago police are stepping up security and targeting illegal drinking along the city ’s lakefront .
In the wake of increased violence at some city beaches , police have begun random searches of bags and coolers and installed more security cameras .
Ald. Vi Daley ( 43rd Ward ) told the Tribune the random bag searches would n’t be permanent , but was hopeful they would help curb incidents such as the large party broken up by police that Mayor Daley blamed on suburban youth and text messaging .
Illinois ACLU spokesman Ed Yohnka raised some understandable concerns , telling the Tribune , “ Generally a person who is on a public way , which clearly the pathways up and down the lakefront are , has an expectation of privacy in their purses and backpacks and briefcases . ”
The Chicago Police however , stated that officers have jurisdiction to search , as it is Chicago Park District property .
While most people have complied with the random searches ( those who refuse are asked to leave their bags behind ) , we have to wonder how effective they will be .
Unless Ald. Daley ’s plan also includes random pat downs and breathalyzers , people will still try to find a way to sneak booze onto the beach .
In addition , we should n’t be so flippant about what could potentially be a violation of the fourth amendment .
Finally , if alcohol is the only fuel for the violence , why would the city approve more licenses to serve near the beach ?
With the Tony Hawk franchise in shambles , EA is poised to take the extreme sports scene with the third title in its Skate series .
Does the game nail or bail ?
Skate 3 casts you as the same legendary mute skater from the first and second installments .
Taking place in the sprawling skate - topia of Port Carverton , you ’ll come across dozens of big name skaters , a few cameos from those long retired , and a cast of new original characters .
The storyline is a derivative of the classic rags - to - riches story often seen in skating games , with you and your buddy starting a skateboard company and being charged with forming the perfect skate team .
The plot is paper thin and does little more than to string together the objectives and challenges , but you ca n’t fault a skating game for not having a brilliant narrative .
Any one who has played Skate 1 or 2 will feel right at home in Port Carverton , seeing as the controls are essentially identical .
Ditching the face - button - based approach of the Tony Hawk franchise , Skate opts for analog control .
While this results in more natural animation and more realistic skating , do n’t expect to be pulling off massive combos or defying gravity .
Rather than reinventing the wheel , Skate 3 employs a few changes that makes the game more enjoyable .
First and foremost is the option to play the game with the camera at a high angle , allowing for a greater field of view .
Purists might enjoy the low - angle option , but those who grew up in a world where the genre was dominated by THPS , the high - angle is a welcome addition .
Players also have the ability to get off their boards , but the on - foot controls are imprecise and finicky .
But it serves its purpose by allowing players to reach places that the deck - bound cannot .
A massive addition is the new object placing feature , which allows players to conjure up props , rails , and ramps out of thin air and create their own lines within the game world .
However , you can only place objects within a certain radius of your character , which means you ’ll have to run around in order to get everything the way you want it .
It ’s not as intuitive or precise as the editors found in some of the later Tony Hawks , which is disappointing , but it ’s rarely necessary to make progress .
The video editor is as full - fledged as ever , and it ’s definitely one of the highlights of the game .
Whether you ’ve just completed a nice sequence of tricks or pulled off that one - in - a - million stunt , Skate 3 gives you all the tools you need to capture it , edit it to your liking , and upload it directly to EA Nation .
The final component of Skate 3 is the online play , which is seamlessly integrated into the offline career mode .
It ’s easy to jump online , play a challenge with a team of other skaters , and drop out right afterward .
The Skate Feed gives you updates on when your scores have been beaten or when people in your friends list earn Trophies or Achievements .
It ’s nothing revolutionary , but it ’s functional and entertaining to skate the world with some friends .
Visually , the best part of Skate 3 is the animation .
Your character moves realistically and the effects of gravity can be felt at all times .
You can outfit your custom skaters with hundreds of items of clothing and accessories , modify taunts and emotes , and naturally fine - tune your deck to your skating style .
In the audio department , an ‘ interactive score ’ is the highlight , with the music reflecting how well you ’re skating , but the game also includes a collection of rock & hip - hop tracks as an option .
In the end , Skate 3 is worth checking out if you ’re a fan of the genre .
It ’s not a must - buy , and its good bits are held down by a few issues , but it ’s still a fun game , albeit only in short bursts .
Evidence emerges of Australian oil spill coverup
By Mike Head
18 June 2010
Evidence of cover-ups by the Australian government and the company responsible has emerged from testimony and submissions to an official inquiry into last year ’s oil and gas spill at the Montara field , off the northern coast of Western Australia .
The inquiry ’s report is due to be handed today to Resources Minister Martin Ferguson , who has not announced when he will release it .
The Montara leak , which lasted 10 weeks before it was finally plugged , occurred in much shallower waters ( about 250 feet deep ) than BP ’s current Gulf of Mexico blowout ( 5,000 feet ) , and produced less than a tenth of the known flow .
Its location in the Timor Sea was far more remote , about 250 kilometres off the sparsely populated coastline of the northern Kimberley region , and about 150 km southeast of Ashmore Reef , a marine reserve .
Nevertheless , a number of parallels have become apparent .
Both leaks were caused by faulty caps and cementing , and in both cases the companies and governments involved sought to hide the scale and causes of the disaster from public view .
The Montara spill lasted for 74 days , from August 21 to November 3 .
It took five attempts to plug the leak by drilling a new connection that intercepted the well casing , some 2.6 km below the seabed , and then pumping in mud .
Before the fifth attempt succeeded , a three - day fire broke out on the platform , highlighting the danger that had existed for the 65 workers who were evacuated from the rig when the leak originally erupted .
Throughout the blowout , Ferguson and Environment Minister Peter Garrett downplayed the size of the spill and the environmental fallout .
They cited the unsubstantiated estimate of the field ’s owner , the Thai conglomerate PTTEP ( PTT Exploration and Production Public Company Limited ) , that about 300 to 400 barrels of oil were leaking daily .
Evidence presented to the government ’s inquiry , headed by former senior public servant David Borthwick , has revealed a spill of as much as 3,000 barrels a day .
The slick is estimated to have extended up to 90,000 square kilometres , or nearly the size of Tasmania — a much larger area than the estimates previously given to the public .
Submissions by the Australian Conservation Foundation and other environmental groups have pointed to damage to offshore and coastal ecosystems that are home to diverse species of sea snakes , birds , fish , turtles , whales , dolphins and dugongs .
The long - term harm to the previously unspoiled tropical habitat is still not known , nor the impact on the fishing , pearling and tourism industries .
Although none of the slick drifted to the Australian coast , as once feared possible , some of the oil reached the south coast of Indonesian West Timor .
There is documented evidence , in a submission by the West Timor Care Foundation , an Indonesian NGO , of harm to the livelihoods and health of up to 200,000 people in coastal communities , including on the islands of Roti and Sabu .
The submission pointed to Montara - sourced oil and lead pollution in the local seawater and among seaweed crops .
The levels detected could cause long - term lead poisoning and other health problems .
After the inquiry ’s public hearings opened in March , PTTEP revealed that two flaws had caused the spill — a missing containment cap and faulty cementing at the bottom of the well .
PTTEP and Atlas , the company it contracted to drill wells , admitted they were aware several weeks before the spill that “ the 340 mm pressure - containing corrosion cap required by the drilling program had not been installed ” .
Witnesses involved in the drilling disclosed that the cementing had not set properly in March last year , and that for six months company executives had known that no validating test was performed .
In other words , the two defects had been known for some time before the accident , yet the mining continued .
Other testimony pointed to basic failures by the regulatory authorities .
A counsel assisting the inquiry , Andre Berger , said PTTEP had applied to use a pressure corrosion cap instead of a cement plug as a barrier .
“ This approval appears to have been granted in precisely 30 minutes , ” he told the inquiry .
The federal environment department ’s submission revealed that PTTEP did not submit an Oil Spill Contingency Plan — a condition attached to the Montara field ’s environmental approval — until months after it had drilled five wells on the Montara platform in January 2009 .
The plan was signed off by the environment department in June last year , almost six years after the Montara wells were licensed in 2003 .
Further evidence disclosed that the 185,000 litres of chemical dispersants used to break up the Montara spill included the two BP - produced Corexit chemicals that the US Environmental Protection Agency last month ordered BP to stop using in the Gulf of Mexico because of their toxicity .
The Australian Maritime Safety Authority later stated that 45,000 litres of Corexit products were used , and claimed they were less toxic than oil , even though they are banned in parts of Europe .
Despite these breaches , just three months after the leak , the Rudd government granted another offshore oil permit to PTTEP , approving the company ’s acquisition of the Oliver field , also in the Timor Sea .
In February , PTTEP announced a gas discovery in the Oliver field and plans for more drilling in the Montara field , all before the government ’s inquiry had commenced .
Another feature of the approval process has been the revolving door of corporate ownership of the Montara field .
The reserves were first discovered in 1988 , then purchased in 2001 by Newfield Australia .
That company secured the official permission to proceed with production in September 2003 , subject to six conditions , including the preparation of an oil spill plan .
In the same month , however , Newfield was acquired by Coogee Resources .
After initially attempting a public float , Coogee Resources was financed by the merchant banker , Babcock & Brown , which collapsed when the global financial crisis erupted in 2008 .
In October 2008 , unable to fund the Montara project , Coogee Resources was put on the market .
At the same time , Coogee announced that problems with contractors would delay the start of production until April 2009 .
PTTEP finally took over Coogee in February 2009 , just five months before the spill .
The complex ownership changes not only undermined the effectiveness of any safety enforcement .
They also highlight the constant pressure on the Montara owners to secure finance by meeting promised production deadlines .
During the opening session of the Montara inquiry , a counsel assisting the inquiry , Tom Howe QC , said the blowout could have had “ potentially catastrophic consequences , including the loss of human life and far - reaching pollution of marine and shoreline ecosystems ” .
However , no legal charges will be laid against the companies as a direct result of evidence presented at the inquiry , which was conducted on a “ no blame ” basis .
The inquiry ’s terms of reference also required no examination of the government ’s response , including the whitewash attempted by Ferguson and Garrett .
Weeks before the inquiry was due to report to him , Ferguson effectively pre-empted its findings .
On June 3 he told journalists that no offshore drilling halt or moratorium was needed because the lessons of Montara and the Gulf of Mexico had been learned already .
Ferguson said that having a “ world class regulatory system in place ” and “ competent and professional operators in the industry ” would ensure “ the best and safest ” drilling operations in the world .
He mooted the establishment of a single regulator to replace the seven government authorities that had responsibilities for the Montara operation .
In reality , the evidence from the inquiry demonstrates that the oil and gas companies and their contractors are not “ competent and professional ” and that governments and regulators will not stand in the way of their imperatives to cut costs and maximise profits .
In fact , Ferguson recently asserted that further accidents were inevitable , even with “ tough ” regulations to protect the environment .
Without waiting for the inquiry ’s report , the Rudd government is pushing to accelerate offshore oil and gas production .
Last month , it opened up 31 new areas of the seabed for exploration .
Ferguson made the announcement at the Australian Petroleum Producers and Exploration Association conference on May 17 .
Ferguson dismissed concerns that some of the fields overlapped with marine sanctuaries , including two leases just 83 kilometres off the coast of Margaret River in Western Australia .
“ Marine sanctuaries do not preclude economic activities , ” he declared .
Over the past 18 months , the Rudd government has issued 76 oil and gas approvals .
Australia has a total of 220 offshore exploration permits , 39 retention leases and 80 production licences .
From the spill inquiry , there is no evidence that any of these projects are better managed or regulated than the Montara field .
The Labor government is determined to make Australia one of the biggest producers in the growing world market for liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) .
Last year , Ferguson released a report estimating Australia ’s gas reserves at $ 1 trillion , and predicted that LNG exports would reach $ 24 billion by 2017 - 18 , nearly double the total oil and gas exports of $ 12.5 billion in 2006 - 07 .
LNG projects worth an estimated $ 200 billion are underway , involving some of the largest and most powerful energy companies in the world , including Chevron , ExxonMobil and Shell .
The Rudd government ’s primary concern in setting up the Montara inquiry is to ensure that no harm was done to the prospects and profits of this industry , regardless of the potential environmental , human and social costs .
The author also recommends :
Australian government pushes rapid expansion of gas projects
[ 15 May 2010 ]
BRUSSELS , Jun 18 , 2010 ( IPS ) - A leading Israeli supplier of warplanes used to kill and maim civilians in Gaza is in the running for two new scientific research grants from the European Union .
Israel 's attacks on Gaza in late 2008 and 2009 provided its air force with an opportunity to experiment with state - of - the - art pilotless drones such as the Heron .
Although human rights groups have calculated that the Heron and other drones killed at least 87 civilians during that three - week war , EU officials have tentatively approved the release of fresh finance to the Heron 's manufacturer , Israel Aerospace Industries ( IAI ) .
Two projects involving IAI have recently passed the evaluation stages of a call for proposals under the EU 's multi-annual programme for research , which has been allocated 53 billion euros ( 65.4 billion dollars ) for the 2007 - 13 period .
The Union 's executive arm , the European Commission , has confirmed that IAI is one of 34 Israeli " partners " involved in 26 EU - funded projects for information technology which are under preparation .
Among the other Israeli firms being considered for such funding are Afcon , a supplier of metal detectors to military checkpoints in the occupied Palestinian territories , including the Erez crossing between southern Israel and Gaza .
Afcon was also awarded a contract in 2008 for installing a security system in a light rail project designed to connect illegal Israeli settlements in East Jerusalem with the city centre .
Mark English , a Commission spokesman , said that the procedures relating to the projects have not yet been completed .
But the Israeli business publication Globes reported last month that Israeli firms stand to gain 17 million euros from the latest batch of EU grants for information technology .
According to Globes , this will bring the amount that Israel has drawn from the EU 's research programme since 2007 to 290 million euros .
Israel is the main foreign participant in the EU 's science programme .
Officials in Tel Aviv say they expect Israeli firms and research institutes will have received around 500 million euros from the programme by the time of its conclusion .
Chris Davies , a British Liberal Democrat member of the European Parliament ( MEP ) , expressed anger at how the Commission 's research department appears willing to rubber - stamp new grants for Israeli companies .
Such a " business - as - usual " approach is at odds with tacit assurances from officials handling the EU 's more general relations with Israel , he said .
In late 2008 , the EU 's 27 governments agreed to an Israeli request that the relationship should be " upgraded " so that Israel could have a deeper involvement in a wide range of the Union 's activities .
But work on giving formal effect to that agreement has stalled because of the subsequent invasion of Gaza .
Approving EU finance for Israel Aerospace Industries " should be regarded as utterly unacceptable , incoherent and outrageously naive , " Davies told IPS .
He argued that there appears to be " no communication " between different sets of EU representatives on how Israel should be handled .
" Where 's the joined - up thinking ? " he asked .
While the European Commission claims that all of its scientific research cooperation with Israel is civilian in nature , the Israeli government has been eager to publicise the almost umbilical links between the country 's thriving technology sector and its military .
A brochure titled ' Communications in Israel ' published by its industry ministry earlier this year refers to a " symbiosis " between the security and technology sectors in Israel .
Several technology breakthroughs - such as the invention of voice recognition devices for computers by the Israeli army in the 1980s - have resulted from this " convergence " , the brochure claims .
Other likely Israeli beneficiaries of the new round of EU funding do not conceal how they have benefited from this convergence either .
The Israeli subsidiary of SAP , the software manufacturer , has issued publications about how it has provided specialist equipment for the Israeli army .
And both Emza and LiveU , two " start - up " companies , are examples of the numerous makers of surveillance equipment in Israel that have seen their order books fill up since the country tried to position itself as an indispensable part of the " war on terror " declared by former U.S. president George W. Bush .
Marcel Shaton , head of the Israel - Europe Research and Development Directorate ( ISERD ) in Tel Aviv , said that EU citizens should not have any qualms about financing Israeli arms companies .
" All research supports the arms industry , " he said .
" Non-military technology is used for military purposes all over the world . "
But Yasmin Khan , a specialist on the arms trade with the anti-poverty group War on Want , said that the EU has been complicit in the occupation of Palestine through its support for Israel 's military industry .
She noted that drones made by IAI and other Israeli companies have been bought by several European countries taking part in the U.S. - led war in Afghanistan .
" The military industry is a central point of the Israeli economy , " she said .
" The equipment it makes is sold as ' battle - tested ' , which is a dark way of describing its use in the occupied ( Palestinian ) territories . "
( END )
About Phil Reese
Phil Reese grew up in Detroit , Michigan long ago , studied at Central Michigan University , taught Middle School Literature in rural Champaign County got a Master ’s degree at the University of Illinois , between LGBT political writing and organizing , and now works at the Washington Blade in D.C .
You can follow him on Twitter at : @ Ameriqueer
View all entries by Phil Reese
Google faces prosecution in France for ' accidentally ' smashing privacy laws with Street View
[ headerlinks
Google is facing prosecution in France after ' accidentally ' scooping up the personal information of internet users while compiling its Street View service .
The French data protection agency CNIL asked Google to hand over copies of the data earlier this month .
It is now investigating the data to see whether the U.S. internet giant broke any privacy laws after sending its vans around France to build up its Street View maps .
Snooping ?
A Google street - mapping car snaps up lots of private information as well as simple street views
This included Google recording information on wifi hotspots in order to list local services on the maps .
But in doing so the vans also captured the emails , browsing histories and sensitive information such as the bank details and medical records of residents who were logged in to unsecured , or ' open ' , wifi networks at the time .
Germany , Spain , Italy , Australia , New Zealand , Canada and the U.S. are already considering filing civil suits over Google 's capture of similar personal details , which the firm had claimed was accidental .
It is not yet known how many internet users in France are affected .
A CNIL spokesman said : ' The recording of such data could put Google in possession of sites visited , exchanged messages and even passwords . '
Intrusion ?
Google has already faced a barrage of criticism that Street View invades privacy
The agency said that its initial examination of the data revealed that at least some appears to be ' covered by banking and medical privacy rules ' .
It also spotted passwords and email correspondence , it said .
Under its remit , CNIL is able to fine companies , warn them , or pass on a case to a state prosecutor to initiate possible criminal charges .
The agency said that it should know by December whether it has a case against Google .
A spokesman for Google said it was working closely with French authorities , as with the authorities of other countries where there had been complaints .
He added : ' Our ultimate objective is to delete the data consistent with our legal obligations . '
In Britain last year Google was forced to remove hundreds of photographs from Street View after users complained about invasion of privacy .
I ’m just back from a trip to America which began by attending Advances in Message Passing 2010 to present a paper on conjunction , something I ’ve posted about on this blog before .
I ’ve put the paper and slides ( with notes ) up on my website , for those that are interested .
It ’s focused entirely on conjunction ; CHP does n’t really appear in the paper , but all the examples in the slides were in Haskell .
I think it ’s accurate to say that most of the other researchers at the workshop were interested in a slightly different aspect of message - passing to me .
For most of them , message - passing was about using things like MPI to communicate between workers and farmers for parallel speed - up .
You can use CHP for that , but most of the examples on this blog ( and the examples are in the paper ) are about the communications driving the programs , and being part of the program : communications as part of the computation process in concurrent programs , not just a way to facilitate parallel programming .
I find there is an elegance in some of CHP ’s process - oriented style that makes it more fun to use , but it may well be that their style of parallel programming is a more pragmatic use given the increasing availability of parallel processors .
It is the sort of police operation reserved for the highest - profile VIPs .
Patrols have been stepped up around the subject 's place of residence and covert CCTV is being considered .
The potential target has also been security tagged to protect against abduction .
What is all the more remarkable is that this treatment , normally kept for visiting dignitaries of a foreign state or perhaps a Cabinet minister , is being rolled out for a single delicate plant on a Lancashire golf course
What makes this specimen so precious is that it is one of the few examples of Britain 's rarest flower .
A Lady's Slipper orchid , whose name is inspired by its distinctive shoe - shaped flower , is now the subject of strict security by Lancashire Constabulary after it bloomed on the Silverdale Golf Course in Carnforth – making it the most sought - after plant in Britain for obsessive orchid fanciers .
The plant is strictly protected by law .
Even touching one requires a special licence from Natural England .
Nevertheless , cuttings from a Lady 's Slipper , whose Latin name is Cypripedium calceolus , are so in demand that collectors are prepared to pay up to £ 5,000 for a flowering example .
Lancashire police confirmed yesterday that they had mounted an extensive operation to protect the Silverdale orchid ; police tape surrounds the site and police regularly patrol the golf course on foot .
Two attempts have been made in the last six years to steal or damage the plant , and it has now been security marked to ensure that anyone trying to seize a cutting can be identified .
If senior officers deem it suitable , special CCTV cameras will also be deployed around the site in the next few days to relay footage direct to police headquarters , where the orchid can be monitored around the clock .
PC Duncan Thomas , wildlife officer for Lancashire police , said : " We have been monitoring this amazing plant for a number of years and you can't help being impressed , not only by its rarity but by the incredible display when flowering .
" Sadly , there are persons who will seek to steal it and we are working to ensure its continued success . "
The Silverdale orchid is thought to be one of less than a dozen of the flowers now growing in the wild in Britain .
For decades , the UK population of Cypripedium calceolus , once widespread across northern England but thought to have been picked to extinction by 1917 , consisted of a single plant discovered by botanists in the 1930s at a location which remains a closely guarded secret .
Such is the importance of the plant that it has its own panel of botanical experts , the Cypripedium Committee , to discuss how to protect and propagate the species .
The plant is now the subject of a programme led by scientists at Kew Gardens in London to plant Lady 's Slipper orchids grown from the seed of wild plants at different locations , although numbers remain extremely low .
As a result , the distinctive yellow and purple bloom is highly prized by illegal orchid collectors , who flock to known sites in May and June in the hope of snatching a flowering sample .
The Silverdale orchid was severely damaged in 2004 when a thief attempted to dig up the entire plant , with its roots .
A flowering stem was also cut and stolen last year .
PC Tony Marsh , the community beat manager for Silverdalesaid : " The biggest threat is collectors .
When flowers were taken last year , we think purely just to press and put in a book , the value was thousands of pounds .
Julia Gillard will can the Government 's mining tax ads as one of her first acts as prime minister , and has called on the mining lobby to do the same .
Mining giant BHP Billiton , which is among the companies leading the campaign against the tax , has responded by suspending its ads .
The second biggest , Rio Tinto , followed later in the day .
Rio Tinto said it was " cautiously encouraged by the Prime Minister 's invitation to begin full and open engagement on all aspects of tax reform " .
" It is a positive first step , " the miner said .
Sky News is reporting that the mining industry 's main lobby group , the Minerals Council of Australia , is also suspending its advertising campaign .
The ABC has contacted the MCA for confirmation , but has had no reply at this stage .
Ms Gillard says reaching an agreement on the Resource Super Profits Tax is one of her first priorities after being elevated to the top job by the Federal Parliamentary Labor Party , although she has reiterated that the Government will not abandon the RSPT .
" Australians are entitled to a fairer share of our inheritance , the mineral wealth that lies in our grounds , they are entitled to that fairer share , " she said in her first press conference as Labor leader .
" But to reach a consensus , we need to do more than consult , we need to negotiate , and we must end this uncertainty which is not good for this nation . "
However , she has emphasised that the mining industry must play its part and be willing to give some ground to reach a compromise on the tax .
" Today , I am throwing open the Government 's door to the mining industry and I ask that , in return , the mining industry throws open its mind , " she added .
Ms Gillard says she will act today to stop further Government advertisements on the RSPT as a sign of good faith , and has called on the mining industry to do the same with their ads .
" Today , I will ensure that the mining advertisements paid for by the Government are cancelled and , in return for this , I ask the mining industry to cease their advertising campaign as a sign of good faith and mutual respect . "
Miners respond in kind
BHP Billiton has responded to that request , announcing in a press release that it has asked its advertising agencies to immediately suspend all ads " as a sign of good faith . "
" We are encouraged by the comments of new Prime Minister Julia Gillard , that her Government will open the doors for negotiation with the objective of achieving consensus , " the company said in its statement .
Fortescue Metals chief executive Andrew Forrest says he is also heartened by the change in leadership and the change in tone .
" Ms Gillard and her new Government have realised that Government policy is best effected through open and honest consultations with the Australian people and industry .
This will avoid the potential of the previous strategy that may have derailed the strength of our economy , " he said in a statement .
However , he has not backed away from his assertion that the RSPT , in its original form , is dead and buried , despite Ms Gillard 's comments that miners need to pay a " fairer share . "
" As we had previously declared , the initial structure of the proposed RSPT is dead and buried , " Mr Forrest reiterated .
" We look forward to working with the Government and the mining industry to establish a fairer taxation framework that will encourage continued investment in Australian mining and promote the long term sustainability and international integrity of our world class mining projects . "
Ms Gillard says the negotiations with the mining industry will continue to be led by the Treasurer ( and new Deputy Prime Minister ) Wayne Swan and Resources Minister Martin Ferguson .
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott says nothing has changed in regard to the RSPT with Ms Gillard 's ascension to the leadership .
" Julia Gillard , along with Kevin Rudd and along with the new Deputy Prime Minister [ Wayne Swan ] , co-authored the great big new tax on mining , " said Mr Abbott .
" Until she pulls the revenue [ from the budget ] and not just the ads , she is just as committed to the mining tax as her predecessor . "
Warm response
While news of Ms Gillard 's elevation caused a surge in mining stocks in early trade on the ASX , those companies have given up some of that ground since her press conference comments .
Fortescue Metals had jumped more than 4 per cent in early in the trading day , but was only 1.6 per cent higher by 1:07 pm ( AEST ) .
BHP Billiton had risen 2 per cent , but was only up 1.1 per cent after Ms Gillard 's press conference , while Rio Tinto went from being more than 2 per cent higher to be up 1.6 per cent .
Some traders had obviously been expecting a more substantial and immediate change in the Government 's position on the mining tax after the change of Prime Minister .
However , RBC Capital Markets senior economist Su - Lin
Ong is confident there will be some changes to the RSPT proposal by the new leadership team .
" Given the backlash from the business community and limited public support , the new leadership team is a good excuse to change the RSPT in its current form , " she wrote in a note .
" We expect new PM Gillard to announce a watered down version of the RSPT in the coming weeks . "
The overall market had a more subdued response , with the All Ordinaries up 0.2 per cent at 4,518 by 1:13 pm .
The Australian dollar has also been relatively steady , hovering around 87.5 US cents .
Roses are red ( and yellow and blue and green and purple ) ... spectacular rainbow rose to be sold in Britain for the first time
Red ones mean passion and romance , yellow ones speak of friendship , and pink can express your thanks .
If you 're feeling a little confused - or you want to keep a lady guessing - you could try sending these roses instead .
The multi-coloured flowers , known as rainbow roses or happy roses , are the latest thing in quirky gifts .
Bloomin ' marvellous : Rainbow roses are non-artificial flowers also known as the happy rose .
It uses a groundbreaking process where vibrant coloured plant extracts are injected into the stem
They start life as cream roses , but the heads take on hues from various food dyes placed in their water one at a time and sucked up the stems .
We know the process takes between 12 and 24 hours , but not how the different petals turn out different colours .
That remains a trade secret of their creator , Dutch florist Peter van de Werken , who branched out from creating brightly coloured chrysanthemums .
Happy roses : Happy roses : Millie Holland , 7 , of Lichfield , Staffordshire holds a bunch of rainbow roses - the flowers start off cream and are dyed
Pick of the bunch :
The rainbow rose is available in Britain for the first time .
It was created when Dutch rose growers River Flowers and F.J. Zandbergen & Zn joined forces
He buys long - stemmed Vendela roses , dyes them and distributes them around the world .
They still have their sweet smell and the flowers will last as long as normal roses , but the leaves may wither sooner .
More than a million were sold in a year , with key markets in Japan , Italy and particularly Sweden , where blue and yellow varieties mimic the national flag .
Britons can buy them at online florist Interrose.co.uk .
However , they do not come cheap .
One stem costs £ 24.49 and a dozen £ 64.87 , more than double the price of 12 red roses .
An animated recreation of England 's second World Cup game – a disappointing 0 - 0 draw against Algeria .
See more videos at www.legofussball.eu
The iPhone app market is incredibly lucrative , but in order to be successful , you need a talented iPhone application development company to produce the right functionalities , right experience , the right rollout and the right support .
Making an iPhone app is always the right way to begin your app business .
The iPhone still defines the standard and allows your app to get exposed to a lucrative set of users .
If your app has got a great experience quotient , you will easily find buyers in iOS .
However , in order for that to happen , you need an experienced iPhone app development company and OpenXcell is here to fill that up for you .
Our iPhone application development company has been in the industry since 2008 , and during that time , we ’ve launched some of the most successful iPhone apps ever to hit the App Store .
Having built more than 700 apps since 2008 , our iPhone app developers has comprehensive knowledge that spans across a timeline of 8 years with a number of upgradation in design and programmatic conventions .
Our Design and Development Process
Our designers are well - versed with the flat design convention that is symbolic of iOS and other Apple devices .
We have worked extensively with flat design , making apps for iOS 7 , iOS 8 , iOS 9 and now iOS 10 .
We start with a generic blueprint of your app , its behavior and get it approved to get started .
Our analysts go in - depth in determining what drives your company , what you hope to achieve through iOS app development , and what audience you ’re trying to reach .
Once we have a full grasp on these metrics , we get down to the nuts and bolts of it all .
Our Team
One of the most important considerations when choosing an iPhone app development company in India is the team that will be responsible for bringing your app to life .
Our team is comprised of industry experts and veterans .
They know the ropes , but they ’re also dedicated to providing the best possible operability , stability and functionality in a native app .
They ’re obsessed with technology , but equally obsessed with providing the best customer experience and support possible .
An iPhone Application Development Company Dedicated to You
Everything we do as an iPhone app developer is dedicated to providing our clients the best possible ROI and positioning on the market .
We built a large team in order to keep every aspect of our process in house , and you ’ll find that we are also dedicated to keeping you in the loop every step of the way .
We offer detailed updates throughout the iOS app development process , but we also offer full analyses and strategizing for your app ’s rollout and continued success .
We ’re with you every step of the way , unlike many other iPhone app development companies .
OpenXcell has the experience , the capabilities and the drive to take you from planning to design to execution , rollout and ongoing success .
Our track record speaks for itself .
Contact us today to learn how we differ from other iPhone app development companies and how we can help build your success .
Drop your inquiry at sales@openxcell.com or call us at +1-( 888)-777-4629 .
Our business development team will get back to you .
Created by bagwell on 2010 - 06 - 20 .
Updated : 2010-06-20 , 07:27
Klaus Havelund at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) has been using Scala to explore the use of DSLs in shuttle and other space mission launch control applications .
Klaus , a Senior Research Scientist at JPL's Laboratory for Reliable Software ( LaRS ) , has compared the benefits of creating DSLs with Python and Scala with the aim of simplifying the writing of reliable launch control programs .
Using the problem of hydrogen fuel tank filling as a basis , his team has created a DSL to allow the simple description of the actions and instrument constraints for this process .
A DSL will enable the launch engineers to write statically checked launch procedures that are easy to read and maintain .
He gives a clear explanation of the conceptual approach and reliability considerations in his paper or you can watch his presentation given at ScalaDays 2010 .
Klaus 's main interest is the development of runtime monitoring techniques , including the design of powerful monitoring logics , and algorithms for detecting concurrency errors such as deadlocks and various forms of data races .
His most recent work includes the LogScope system / temporal logic for analyzing log files ; based on the more general Ruler monitoring logic .
Previous work includes the RMOR monitoring tool for monitoring C programs against state machines using aspect oriented techniques ; and the very powerful Eagle temporal monitoring logic , implemented in the Eagle Flier trace checker .
Eagle supports user definable logics and combinators , using recursive fixpoint rules and parameterization with formulas as well as with data .
Real - time logics can be defined in few lines of Eagle .
He is also the co-author of the " JPL Institutional Coding Standard for the Java Programming Language " .
The primary purpose of the standard is to help Java programmers reduce the probability of run-time errors in their programs .
A secondary , but related , purpose is to improve on dimensions such as readability and maintainability of code .
At about 2 per cent a year , Australia 's population growth is twice the world average and around eight times the Western average .
That 's extreme growth in anyone 's language .
If we continue at this rate , as recorded by the Australian Bureau of Statistics for the past three quarters , we will actually exceed 50 million by 2050 .
Illustration : Suzanne White
Assuming for a moment that we ' ' only ' ' reach 36 million , we will still have the Howard and now Gillard governments ' baby bonuses and record high net overseas migration policies to thank .
Or to blame .
Former prime minister Kevin Rudd 's target of 36 million people is not a big Australia — it is an obese , congested and overloaded Australia .
It is an Australia we wo n't recognise , much less want .
That 's why it was n't the backflip on the ETS or even the home insulation debacle that started the rot for " Big Kev " .
It was his passionate endorsement of a so - called " big Australia " in late October 2009 that started his downward spiral .
The President calls on Republicans in Congress to put scoring political points aside , and instead to focus on solving the problems facing the nation .
At the time of this address , the Republican leadership is blocking progress on a bill to boost the economy , retain jobs for teachers and cops , and help people buy their first home ; another bill which would hold oil companies accountable for any disasters they cause by removing the current $ 75 million liability cap ; and 136 highly qualified men and women who have been nominated to government positions .
DETROIT -- Detroit Red Wings forward Pavel Datsyuk will play for Russia at the World Hockey Championships in Germany .
" Looking forward to it , '' Datsyuk said .
" Of course I want to play hockey .
I 'm a hockey player .
I love my job .
I 'm happy to play .
I have time now . ''
The only other Red Wing who'll be playing in the World Championships is defenseman Jonathan Ericsson for Sweden .
Premium American Made Dog Products
Sleepy Pup was founded in 2014 to give dogs stylish products made with unsurpassed craftsmanship .
Featuring domestic sourced fine leather and luxurious thick cotton webbing , your pup will look as good as you do .
Our products are hand - crafted in our Virginia Beach workshop with attention to detail and refined quality .
This simple Cuban sauce goes well with just about everything , and I put it in sandwiches , on meats , vegetables , and it appears often in my dreams .
Ingredients
1/3 cup olive oil
8 cloves garlic , minced
2/3 cup sour orange juice
1/2 tsp ground cumin
Salt and freshly ground black pepper , to taste
N.B. if you cannot find sour orange juice , combine equal parts lemon , lime , and regular orange juice .
Directions
1 . Add the olive oil to a pan and set to a medium heat .
Add garlic and cook until soft , but not brown ( 30 seconds or so ) .
2 . Add the juice , salt , pepper , and cumin if you desire it and raise the heat to high , allowing the mixture to boil for a few minutes .
Cool before serving .
It is best served immediately , but should keep for a few days if refrigerated .
Some recipes call for cilantro to be added , which is good if you are someone who likes cilantro ( not everyone does ) but cilantro is not a classic Cuban addition to a mojo sauce .
When cilantro is used the sauce is referred to as “ Mojo Verde ” and appears less often in my dreams .
Sen .
Robert Menendez asked for a voice vote to pass a bill that would hold oil companies accountable for all damages they create .
GOP rejects liability cap bill again
Democrats attempted Thursday to create unlimited liability for oil companies , and for the fourth time since the Gulf crisis began , Republicans objected .
Sen. Robert Menendez ( D - N.J. ) asked for a voice vote to pass a bill that would hold oil companies accountable for all damages they create , a significant leap from the $ 75 million cap set by current law .
Sen. Jim Inhofe ( R - Okla . ) , ranking member of the Environmental and Public Works Committee , rejected the request .
Advertisement
Menendez 's fourth failed shot at moving the liability bill came just a day after BP President Tony Hayward committed to establishing a $ 20 billion escrow fund , touted by both the White House and Congress , to help clean up what has become the most devastating ecological disaster in American history .
" Are we going to stand up for the communities and the coast along the Gulf shores , or are we going to stand up with Big Oil ?
That is what this is about , about setting responsibility where responsibility should lie , " Menendez said on the floor .
Sen. Bill Nelson ( D - Fla. ) , another chief proponent of the measure , emphasized that while Wednesday 's $ 20 billion commitment from BP was a good starting point , the need for unlimited accountability is necessary for both the current crisis and incidents in the future .
The Florida Democrat cited the " economic devastation " beginning to affect his state 's coast as a compelling reason to hold responsible parties to a higher standard .
" The precedent has been set yesterday by them setting up a $ 20 billion trust fund — but that 's not a limit .
...
Why should we not allow any kind of future devastation by a company to have the same liability ? "
Nelson said .
But Republicans worry that by setting unlimited liability for companies wishing to drill for oil , smaller domestic companies effectively would be shut out of the market .
Inhofe , echoing the sentiments of colleague Sen. David Vitter ( R - La. ) , who has rejected Menendez 's requests in the past , said that by passing this bill , Congress would be favoring the Big Oil entities Democrats have been maligning .
" This would only help the big five or the national oil companies .
That 's China and Venezuela .
Without a cap , they'd be the only ones who could explore out there , " Inhofe said .
Despite this most recent failure of moving the liability bill by unanimous consent , Democrats likely will seek to attach the bill to another legislative vehicle , in the form of a proposed energy bill or another bill likely to pass the Senate .
But never mind photos of adults posing triumphantly with empty beer bottles or wearing underpants as hats : Brokers say some of the most eyebrow - raising online tidbits can involve children .
“ Kids are really where you find a lot of the information that can cause some concerns , ” said Steven O. Goldschmidt , a senior vice president of the Warburg Marketing Group of Warburg Realty , and a member of his Morningside Heights co-op board .
“ There have been one or two incidents when we looked at an application and then looked at the children .
They were wild to the nth degree . ”
In one case , he said , the applicants had a 16 - year - old son .
An online search found photos of him in full Goth regalia .
That did n’t go over well with the board .
Worse , the page contained “ some language and referred to parties and to drug use in a manner that caused some concern , ” Mr. Goldschmidt said .
After the board raised questions , the family pulled its application .
Sometimes Internet sleuthing can work in the buyer ’s favor .
Shari Bornstein and Bryan Meccariello of Southington , Conn. , recently sought to buy a one - bedroom in a small Upper West Side co-op building .
Their plan was to turn it into a pied - à - terre .
The board was worried :
No one in the building had ever used an apartment as an occasional residence .
And the couple had a teenage son , Garrett .
Would he be coming there  by himself ?
When the couple showed up for their interview , the member who served as a spokeswoman for the board took them aside and told them not to worry , she had checked out the boy online and thought he was terrific , said Ms. Bornstein and the two agents who represented her , Holly Palance and Jennifer Roberts of Halstead .
Image Steven O. Goldschmidt says social networks provide his co-op with applicant information , pro and con. Credit ... Jennifer S. Altman for The New York Times
Indeed , a Google search of young Garrett ’s name yielded , among other things , a Facebook page for a hot - dog stand he runs and a local news report about a pedicab business he started .
In the segment , he said he was n’t in it for the money , but to provide a service for Southington residents .
After a recent farmers ' market escapade , I had more tomatoes than Muir Glen .
One of the recipes I made was this Spicy Ketchup , adapted from a Martha Stewart recipe .
It 's got a nice kick , aromatic exotic - ness and is great for grilled meats .
Dip a French fry in it if you dare .
Three of the riders were part of British Cycling 's Olympic programme
Five British female cyclists have been injured in a collision with a car while training in Belgium .
Sporting body British Cycling said the accident happened between Brakel and Oudenaarde on Friday morning .
Hannah Mayho , Lucy Martin , Katie Colclough , Emma Trott and Sarah Reynolds were all treated in hospital .
Mayho , who came into direct contact with the vehicle , has broken both legs , her right arm and wrist and will undergo surgery .
Broken bones
Colclough suffered concussion and will be kept in hospital overnight , and Martin cracked a vertebra and has been advised to rest over the coming weeks .
Trott suffered a broken collarbone and black eye , while Reynolds hurt her hand and split her chin .
British Cycling said three of the riders were from its Olympic Academy Programme , whose coach Simon Cope is with them .
A spokesman said : " All families have been informed and the priority now is to bring the athletes back to the UK as soon as possible . "
Pete Seeger and Toshi Seeger , their son Daniel , and folklorist Bruce Jackson visited a Texas prison in Huntsville in March of 1966 and produced this rare document of of work songs by inmates of the Ellis Unit .
Worksongs helped African American prisoners survive the grueling work demanded of them .
With mechanization and integration , worksongs like these died out shortly after this film was made .
Bruce Jackson 's book Wake Up Dead Man ( University of Georgia Press ) is a highly recommended study of work songs in Texas prisons .
The large plantations in the U.S. South were based on West African agricultural models and , with one major difference , the black slaves used worksongs in the plantations exactly as they had used them before they had been taken prisoner and sold to the white men .
The difference was this : in Africa the songs were used to time body movements and to give poetic voice to things of interest because people wanted to do their work that way ; in the plantations there was added a component of survival .
If a man were singled out as working too slowly , he would often be brutally punished .
The songs kept everyone together , so no one could be singled out as working more slowly than everyone else .
-- From Bruce Jackson 's background notes on making this film .
Federal Treasurer Wayne Swan will tonight hand down his third budget and the Government is promising it will not be the usual pre-election spend - a- thon .
Tonight 's budget is likely to show a path back to surplus sooner than previously predicted with MPs saying the Government 's economic credentials matter more than election sweeteners .
But with the Prime Minister 's support plummeting in the polls , he has faced some tough questions in Caucus about recent policy back flips .
Kevin Rudd moved to ease some of those tensions last night , rolling out the welcome mat for backbenchers at the Lodge for pre-budget drinks .
Hours earlier they had grilled Mr Rudd in Caucus about recent policy changes on emissions trading and asylum seekers .
Home Affairs Minister Brendan O'Connor says it has been blown out of proportion .
" I think the media played up the so - called angst , " he said .
But as they departed for the lodge , some backbenchers acknowledged it was a lively discussion .
" Lots of people asked questions and they were neither hard nor soft and it is a Caucus , " Braddon MP Sid Sidebottom said .
One backbencher told AM the Government is going through some " stormy weather " and the Prime Minister did nothing to ease the fears of marginal seat holders .
Others said Mr Rudd responded well to the questions and the mood was more jovial than expected .
Another backbencher said the drinks at the Lodge should not been seen as a response to the recent plunge in the polls , or as reflective of the need to keep nervous backbenchers on side .
Mr O'Connor says the message from Caucus is clear .
" I think the Prime Minister emphasised this to remind the Australian people that we confronted the greatest economic challenge of our lifetime with the global financial crisis and we came out of that global financial crisis the best performing economy and that has taken up a large part of the Government 's time , " he said .
Budget spending
The Government has played down expectations of a pre-election spending spree in tonight 's budget , but health will be one area to get a funding boost .
Carol Bennett from the Consumers Health Forum says they will be looking for the budget to add to the deal agreed at last month 's COAG meeting with the states and territories .
" While we appreciate the extra money that is going into hospitals that the Prime Minister has announced already , we are hoping that this budget will deliver some out - of - hospital services that will keep people out of hospital , " she said .
" So ... extra primary care , GP , community services . "
But with the Treasurer vowing that his budget will be " no frills " , some areas will miss out .
Mental health advocates have been disappointed with the Government 's health plans so far .
The Mental Health Council 's David Crosbie says he is not optimistic about the budget .
" Well , I 'd hope mental health is n't seen as a frill , " he said .
" I think mental health is very much a special case where we have under - invested really for decades and we are now paying a huge price for that .
" If we do n't invest more , particularly at a community level , we will continue to pay a huge price for mental health care , usually through our hospitals , but also through our police , our courts , our ambulances , our prisons and our homeless shelters , many of whom are picking up people who have fallen through the gaps of our health system . "
Surprise spending ?
There is speculation Mr Swan might have another big ticket item to woo voters , but Opposition finance spokesman Andrew Robb says that would be foolish .
" If they do n't tackle the reckless spending and the huge debt hanging over our economy then they have missed the point , they have failed , " he said .
Mr Robb says the Government should be cutting spending rather than relying on taxes to improve the budget bottom line .
" Their answer so far is simply to ramp up taxes or introduce new ones , " he said .
" They have got to get down and live within their means like the average family has to in their circumstance . "
Greens Leader Bob Brown says he will be watching the budget to see how the Government uses the money saved from the decision to delay the emissions trading scheme .
" The money the Government may save should n't be going to consolidated revenue .
It should be going into fostering renewable energy , energy efficiency , and clean , fast , efficient public transport , " he said .
Senator Brown says he wants Labor to add to the billions of dollars already promised for the health system by funding universal dental care as well .
" It 's expensive not to have a universal dental health care system , " he said .
• Lampard says players have complete faith in Fabio Capello • ' He had authority the moment he walked in and still has '
Frank Lampard has attempted to repair any damage inflicted by the perceived aborted coup within the England camp by saying the players have complete faith in Fabio Capello before Wednesday 's decisive final group game against Slovenia .
The Chelsea midfielder skilfully negotiated a passage through the minefield laid by his club - mate John Terry 24 hours earlier when the defender had suggested a scheduled team meeting on Sunday night was to become an opportunity for disgruntled players to air their grievances .
Lampard has defended Terry 's heartfelt approach , which has been effective at club level , but said the squad remain utterly supportive of Capello .
" Fabio is a strong manager and we all respect him very much , " Lampard said .
" I 've been lucky enough to work with some fantastic managers and Fabio Capello is right up there .
That 's from working personally with him and looking at his record .
I respect that completely and I think a lot of people do .
" He had authority the moment he walked into the job two years ago and continues to have that .
The players have complete respect for him .
We have faith in him .
We have faith , too , that as a group we 'll go and win the game against Slovenia .
" He has given us our confidence back .
I know we did n't play well the other night [ against Algeria ] but , if you look at the two - year period previously , you can see , from being very low , he 's given us confidence , discipline and made us into a compact team who can also hurt teams with the quality we have .
The last game was n't good , so everyone 's on a bit of a downer and you sometimes forget the good stuff but some of our performances under him have been top - drawer . "
Lampard offered
Terry some sympathy after the defender saw his call for a clear - the - air meeting backfire so spectacularly – the defender was warned by a member of the coaching staff ahead of the get - together that it would be unwise to speak out – with his club - mate having apparently misread the level of support he commands within the squad .
" We had a meeting like that with Chelsea this season with 12 games to go , when no one could possibly imagine us winning the Double , " Lampard added .
" We 'd just lost to Internazionale and drawn at Blackburn and we had a meeting among ourselves at what was a bit of a low point and it worked .
It was the right thing for us to do .
We kicked on and won the Double .
" Look back and see what John says out loud or behind closed doors , on the pitch or with the manager – he has done that before and there has been a reaction .
It has worked in a positive way .
John normally hits the nail on the head .
So I understand what John was saying because he 's passionate as a player and a person for Chelsea , and he 's like that for England .
John said all that with good , honest intentions and was straight talking .
He just spoke from the heart .
I do n't know if he took it too far .
" But we 've got 23 players here and everyone deals with things differently .
Some people wo n't say too much .
Others want to hit things head on .
Everyone appreciates that but we 'll try and hit things head - on on the training ground by looking to improve things as a group .
Everyone is working in the same direction .
We still respect what the manager is doing , we follow his way and we try to be successful . "
I check up on my credit scores regularly and I do n’t pay a dime .
No I ’m not shilling for sites that have the word ‘ free ’ in the website address but need you to fork over your credit card to show you your credit score !
Here ’s how I do it :
To get my TransUnion score , I use Credit Karma .
Credit Karma is a free service that lets you check your TransUnion score .
I posted a detailed review of Credit Karma in one of my earlier posts ( includes screenshots ) .
CreditKarma makes up for its ‘ freeness ’ with targeted advertisements , which are actually useful .
The site is very professional and non-spammy .
CreditKarma does not do a hard pull of your report .
To get my Equifax FICO score , I use DCU .
DCU is an excellent credit union that I ’ve been with for the past 10 years .
Great service , good website and no hidden fees .
Highly recommended .
I only wish DCU offerred better rates .
But other than that , DCU is awesome !
DCU provides members free FICO score every month .
Here ’s a screenshot of my FICO score .
Update :
If you are unable to join DCU , here ’s another way to get your FICO score for free .
To get my Experian Advanced Risk Score 2.0 , I use Alliant Credit Union .
ACU is a good credit union with incredible rates .
I ’ve been with ACU only for a few months now .
So far I like it .
As good as DCU and with better rates .
What ’s there to complain !
ACU provides quarterly credit scores .
MoneyCone TIP
To get your credit report for free , goto AnnualCreditReport.com which the official site to get your credit reports .
You can get only one report per year from each of the three bureaus .
So stagger it so that you obtain one from each bureau every 4 months .
A combination of your credit scores and your credit reports at regular intervals will help you stay on track with your financial goals .
For more cool tips , consider subscribing to MoneyCone !
In This Corner !
For better or worse Apple has dropped their latest update regarding the groundbreaking iPhone this week along with the official release date for their next version of the phone ’s operating system , which has now been dubbed ‘ iOS ’ .
A big thanks to A big thanks to Ian Douglas for all the work he did putting the chart together , and to my fiancee for the image
The announcement comes on the heels of last Friday ’s uber - successful launch of the Sprint EVO 4G , which shares many of the same features with the new iPhone .
This puts consumers in an interesting spot – as the hardware and software offerings from both the Apple and Android camps begin to share more and more of the same features , it becomes increasingly difficult for a consumer with no allegiance to either side to choose the phone that best suits their needs .
Shortly after Apple ’s announcement , several other sites began running comparisons of the iPhone 4 to some of Androids stronger offerings such as the EVO 4G and Droid Incredible , but I have n’t been able to find a comprehensive comparison of the software features that each side has to offer .
So , to fill that gap , we ’ve decided to risk angering fanboys on both sides of the fence , and have put together a head - to - head comparison .
Ready , FIGHT !
Note : Features indicated as ‘ Y’ are available natively on the device unless otherwise indicated
Feature Apple iOS3 Apple iOS4 Android 2.1 Android 2.2 Notes 3rd Party App Multitasking N Y¹ Y Y
¹ It 's not quite ' true ' multi-tasking as Android does it .
Read here for more details .
Home screen folders N Y Y Y Video calls N Y – WiFi 3rd Party – WiFI /3G 3rd Party – WiFi/3G WiFi tethering N N N Y¹ ¹ Carriers may charge for this feature - unclear at this point USB tethering Y¹ Y¹ 3rd Party Y ¹ With additional carrier charge On- device Photo editing Y Y 3rd Party 3rd Party Unified Inbox N Y Y¹ Y ¹ Ca n't be done with accounts in the official Gmail app SMS threads Y Y Y Y Custom wallpapers on lock screen Y Y Y Y Custom wallpapers on Home screen N Y Y Y “ Live ” wallpapers N N Y Y MS Exchange Support Y Y Y¹ Y ¹ In 2.1 , Exchange support is pretty much limited to inbox only Multiple Exchange Accounts N Y Y¹ Y ¹ In 2.1 , Exchange support is pretty much limited to inbox only Exchange Security Restrictions Y Y N Y " Update All " apps Y Y N Y Automatic individual app updates N N N Y Voice dialing via Bluetooth Y Y N Y International Keyboards / Localization Y Y 3rd Party Y Adobe Flash support N N N Y Install apps to removable memory N N N Y USB Sync to PC / Mac Y Y 3rd Party 3rd Party Copy / Paste to / from Browser Y Y Y Y Install apps from 3rd party sources N¹ N¹ Y Y
¹ It ’s possible to do this , but either requires a jailbroken phone , or for the developer to provide you with a special copy of the app System - wide Orientation lock N¹ Y N¹ N¹ ¹ Can be done on a per-app basis if developer built it in Custom dictionary N Y Y Y Number of Home screen panels 11 11 5 ¹
5 ¹ ¹ Customizable with 3rd party home screens Playlist creation on device Y Y Y Y Feature Apple iOS3 Apple iOS4 Android 2.1 Android 2.2 Notes
Now , obviously a 100 % in - depth feature - by - feature comparison of all four operating system ’s would be too massive a feat to undertake , so we chose some of the more buzzed about items while trying to remain fair to both platforms .
In each case , the next generation operating systems offer many welcome changes , and are both a step in the right direction .
FINISH HIM !
Now , the sticky part : being that we ’re an Android - centric blog , there ’s an obvious bias .
However , I ’d like to make it clear that we tried to pick the features used in the comparison as objectively as possible so as not to tip the scales in either direction .
That said , looking solely at the numbers , it ’s clear who the winner is : Froyo .
Due to the somewhat controversial nature of comparisons like these , I ’ll refrain from adding my own opinion to the result .
Objectively speaking , iOS 4 definitely has made strides in the right direction , however it still fails to provide a solution to some of the more frequently levied complaints against the operating system :
Lack of native WiFi tethering / AKA hotspot capabilities ( though USB tethering is allowed )
Adobe Flash support
Ability to install apps to removable memory ( or the lack of the option to have removable memory ) , though with large internal storage , the absence of such an ability is not a serious concern
Ability to easily install apps from 3rd party sources , ie circumventing Apple ’s “ walled garden ”
At the end of the day , when you ’re browsing the phone section of your local big box store and trying to decide between the two platforms , the biggest factor should n’t be which OS wins in a comparison chart , but rather which one offers the features that you require .
Ultimately , if this chart helped you reach a decision , regardless of the platform , we ’re happy .
Let us know if you felt there were any features we left out , or if we might have missed something , or something needs correcting .
We ’ll be sure to keep the chart updated and as accurate as possible .
Comments are open .
Who wins ?
The written material is divided into Part 1 : The Science of Oil and Peak Oil ( in this article ) and Part 2 : Oil as a Liquid Fuel and Expected Peak Oil Impacts ( found at this link ) .
There are also discussion questions at the end of Parts 1 and 2 , and numerous links to other references .
A PDF version which contains both Part 1 and Part 2 can be found at this link .
In this article , I provide Peak Oil science curriculum suitable for introductory college science classes , advanced high school classes , and adult seminars .
The material requires a little background in high school chemistry , but otherwise does not have any pre-requisites .
There is sufficient material for a two to four session unit on peak oil .
1 . What is petroleum ?
Petroleum ( also called oil ) is a viscous liquid that is found beneath the earth ’s surface that is refined to make fuels , plastics and other goods .
Oil is not found in large pools .
Instead , it is generally trapped in the pores of sandstone or other porous rocks .
It is often found with natural gas , which is formed under similar conditions .
Petroleum is not a single compound .
Instead , it consists of a mixture of hydrocarbon chains of different lengths , ranging from about C5H12 to C42H86 .
It also contains some associated hydrocarbon gasses , with 1 to 4 carbon molecules .
When petroleum is burned , the hydrocarbon chains plus oxygen are transformed into CO2 ( carbon dioxide ) and H2O ( water ) , and energy is released .
Carbon dioxide is one of the major gasses implicated in global warming .
2 . How was petroleum formed ?
Petroleum was formed millions of years ago from the remains of small plants and animals that lived in seas or lakes .
These plants and animals died and fell to the bottom of the sea .
Gradually , layers of silt and sediment covered their remains , causing great heat and pressure to build up .
Under this heat and pressure , a chemical reaction took place , transforming the hydrogen and carbon from the decaying plants and animals into the mixture of hydrocarbons that we know as petroleum .
This petroleum is found in only a relatively small number of places in the world , where conditions were precisely right for its formation .
3 . Is new petroleum now being formed ?
Not in any measurable quantity .
Once we use up the petroleum that was formed millions of years ago , it will be gone for good .
4 . Are n’t we continuing to discover more and more oil every year ?
No .
Once we started looking for oil , we found more and more oil for a while , but then new discoveries started to drop off , as more and more of the world was explored .
This is shown in Figure 1 , below .
We are continuing to discover oil , but the quantity discovered now is much smaller than it was years ago , and much smaller than we are now using .
( In all of these charts , the amount of oil is measured in barrels .
A barrel is equal to 42 gallons or 158.984 liters .
The total quantity is huge ! )
Figure 1
We often read in the news about finding new fields , but these fields tend to be smaller and harder to reach than those discovered in the past .
We are now so concerned about finding oil that even small discoveries are reported as news .
Figure 1 does not include oils that are not liquids , like the Canadian oil sands .
There are large quantities of these , but extraction is extremely slow .
It is doubtful that they will ever become a significant share of world oil production .
5 . How is petroleum extracted from the ground ?
Petroleum is generally extracted by drilling oil wells in areas where there is some reason to believe oil might be located .
When oil is first found , it often comes from the ground very quickly , under great pressure .
Gradually , the oil comes out more and more slowly .
This happens partly because the oil pressure drops , and partly because the oil that is extracted from the ground tends to be mixed with more and more water , as more oil is removed from the ground .
Many US oil wells produce more than 99 % water .
In some places , such as the Canadian oil sands , a very viscous form of oil is found .
This is mined , rather than extracted using oil wells .
Production of such oil tends to be very slow and expensive .
6 . Is all of the oil in a given area removed by the use of oil wells ?
No .
As noted in Item 1 , oil is generally found trapped in the pores of porous rock such as sandstone or limestone .
The rock is somewhat like a hard sponge , with a goey liquid trapped inside .
This oil is very difficult to get out of the rock .
If wells are used to collect the oil that seeps out of its own accord , typically only 10 % to 30 % of the oil originally in the rock can be removed .
Various methods of enhanced oil recovery have been developed to increase the percentage of oil that can be removed .
One approach uses water injection to increase the pressure in the well .
In another approach , carbon dioxide or some other gas is injected , to force some of the trapped oil out .
In one newer process , microbes are used to break up the oil droplets into smaller pieces , so that they can more easily be removed .
One method under development uses an underground fire to heat the oil , so that it will become more liquid and drain out of the rock ( Microbial Method : http://www.titanoilrecovery.com/
Water injection : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Water_injection_(oil_production)
Underground fire : http://www.theoildrum.com/node/2907 )
Usually , even with enhanced oil recovery , not more than 50 % of the oil originally in place can be removed .
Often the percentage is quite a bit less than 50 % .
Some of the newer enhanced oil recovery methods offer the possibility that this percentage may be raised in the years ahead .
7 . Can an oil company produce a constant amount of oil in a given location ?
No , it generally does n’t happen this way .
When a single oil well is drilled , production very often quickly reaches a peak , and then tapers off over a several - year period , as oil pressure drops and the amount of water produced increases .
When we look at production from all of the wells in a given geographic area , production generally increases for several years , as more and more oil wells are drilled .
One by one , wells begin to decline , and new wells are drilled .
Eventually , there are not enough new places to drill additional wells , and overall production starts to decline .
( See Figure 2 , below . )
US oil production for the 48 states excluding Alaska and Hawaii reached its peak in 1970 .
Once energy companies realized that production was declining in the US 48 states , they looked for new locations where oil might be extracted .
Alaska had oil , but it was difficult to transport oil out of Alaska without a pipeline .
The necessary pipeline was completed in 1977 .
Production reached its peak in 19888 , and has been declining since then .
Figure 2
Oil production was also begun in the North Sea , near Norway and Great Britain , but this too soon reached a peak .
North Sea oil production has been declining since 1999 .
All of these declines have taken place in spite of new technology and improvements in oil recovery methods .
Oil is also produced in many other parts of the world , but oil recoveries are starting to decline in many of these areas as well .
At this point , much of the world ’s “ easy to produce ” oil has been removed .
New oil production tends to be in difficult areas , like deep - sea locations .
8 . Will world oil production reach a peak and begin to decline ?
If so , when ?
Since oil is a finite resource , we know that production must eventually decline .
There is considerable disagreement as to when this decline in production will occur .
The US General Accountability Office ( GAO ) released a report in March 2007 titled , “ Uncertainty about Future Oil Supply Makes It Important to Develop a Strategy for Addressing a Peak and Decline in Oil Production . ”
This report indicates that decline is likely to begin sometime between now and 2040 .
The United States Association for the Study of Peak Oil indicates that the peak and decline is expected to occur prior to 2015 .
Even oil companies are beginning to talk about the possibility of future production falling short of demand .
This would n’t necessarily be a decline ; it might be a plateau or slight increase .
Shell Oil says , “ After 2015 , easily accessible supplies of oil and gas probably will no longer keep up with demand . ”
( GAO Report : http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d07283.pdf
Shell Oil statement : http://www.shell.com/home/content/aboutshell-en/our_strategy/shell_globa...
National Petroleum Council 2007 report “ Facing the Hard Truths about Energy ” http://www.npchardtruthsreport.org/
Canadian Business article : http://www.canadianbusiness.com/columnists/jeff_sanford/article.jsp?cont... )
9 . How are estimates of the date of peak production made ?
There are a variety of methods .
In 1956 , M. King Hubbert correctly forecast that oil production for the United States was likely to reach a peak and decline about 1970 .
Estimates from that time period put the peak in world production at about 2000 .
Because of efficiency increases and energy conservation efforts that were put in place during our previous energy crises , growth in oil usage slowed and the date of the peak was pushed back .
http://www.hubbertpeak.com/hubbert/1956/1956.pdf
Besides using techniques similar to Hubbert ’s , estimates now consider additional types of information , including new projects being planned and decline rates on existing fields .
Another consideration is the fact that it been very difficult to increase oil production in the past few years .
Oil production since 2005 has been flat , in spite of increasing prices .
Oil companies are having difficulty finding more oil reserves to replace those used by extraction of oil during the year .
The organizations with the highest estimates tend to put greatest reliance on published reserve estimates of the major oil exporting nations .
These amounts are not audited .
There is increasing evidence , including Google satellite information , that these amounts are inflated .
Exporting nations look more powerful if they report high numbers , so there is a temptation to report optimistic amounts .
http://www.theoildrum.com/node/3574#more
10 .
Can outside factors make a difference in future production ?
If every country had infinite resources , and chose to put them all into oil production , it is likely that oil production would be higher than it is .
In the real world , that is not the way it is , though .
One limitation is the supply of trained geologists and engineers .
The energy field has been stagnant for many years .
Many people trained for the oil and gas have left the field , because of frequent boom and bust cycles .
Of those remaining , a disproportionate number are near retirement age .
There are also limitations on physical infrastructure .
There is a limited number of drilling rigs , especially those needed for the very deep - sea locations now being explored .
The forces of supply and demand drive up costs for these rigs , making projects more expensive .
Other infrastructure items are in similarly short supply .
Companies do not have infinite budgets , and ca n’t use equipment that is not available , so projects get pushed back .
Another factor is the influence of foreign governments and of government sponsored oil companies around the world .
One estimate is that only 7 % of the world ’s oil reserves are in countries that allow “ International Oil Companies ” ( companies like ExxonMobil , Chevron , and Total ) free reign .
Wars and civil disorder can affect production .
The production of Iraq and Nigeria have clearly been affected by fighting of various types .
One factor that has the potential to help future supply , or at least soften the down slope , is technological advances .
For example , some of the newer enhanced oil recovery methods may have promise .
Putting them to work on old fields could be done , but it would not necessarily easy .
In many cases , oil rights would need to be obtained from current owners , and new wells drilled .
This would be expensive .
11 . How certain are future petroleum imports ?
Not very .
Oil imports comprise about two - thirds of US petroleum use .
The amount of future world production is uncertain , and the portion available for import is even more uncertain .
Oil exporting countries want to keep their own populations happy .
This often means increasing use of oil within the country , at the expense of exports .
Also , if it becomes clear that there will be a shortfall in world production , exporting countries may decide to hoard the oil they have , saving it for the future when it is likely to sell for an even higher price .
Another concern is a possible drop in the value of the dollar , because of difficulties within the US financial system , or because of balance of payment problems .
If the value of the dollar should decline , oil will be much more expensive , so it will be difficult to buy as much .
Figure 3 below shows US crude oil production .
It has been decreasing at about 2.1 % peer year .
Figure 3
Figure 4
Figure 4 shows US imports of oil and finished products , like gasoline .
These were rising at about 4.5 % a year , but declined in 2006 and 2007 .
World oil production has been flat since 2005 .
( See Figure 5 , below ) .
With no increase in world production , it has been harder for the US to find oil to import , and the price of what we have been able to find has been higher .
12 . Does the date of the peak matter ?
We have already reached the point where oil is in short supply .
Because of this , we need to find ways to conserve , and to find alternative energy sources .
The actions we need to take are pretty much the same , whether the peak in the world ’s oil production is now , or in 2040 .
Also , any governmental action taken to change our oil usage , or to find alternatives , is likely to take many years to implement .
For example , if manufacturers start making cars more fuel efficient , it will take many years before all of the old fuel - inefficient cars can be replaced .
For this reason , we need to start taking action well before the peak .
( See “ Peaking of World Oil Production : Impacts , Mitigation , and Risk Management ” by Robert Hirsch , Roger Bezdek , and Robert Wendling for US Department of Energy ( 2005 ) http://www.netl.doe.gov/publications/others/pdf/Oil_Peaking_NETL.pdf )
Figure 5
The blue line Figure 5 shows recent oil production trends .
Oil production has been on a plateau for three years , since 2005 .
The line “ Demand at +1.8 % ” gives an idea of how much oil the world would like to use , if it is actually available , at a reasonable ( 2005 ) price .
It assumes 1.8 % per year growth .
Scenarios 1 , 2 , and 3 , give three ( of many ) possible directions future oil production may follow .
Even if a fairly optimistic scenario like Scenario 1 occurs , there is likely to be a significant gap between demand and supply .
13 .
What is petroleum used for ?
The vast majority of oil is used as fuel , of one type or another .
Figure 6 , below , shows that largest share ( 46 % ) of US oil usage is for gasoline .
The next biggest slice is “ distillate ” , with 20 % .
Distillate includes diesel fuel ( used in trucks and many types of equipment ) and home heating oil ( used primarily in the Northeast ) .
Petroleum is also used as jet fuel , and as fuel for boats , so it provides the vast majority of the transportation fuel used in the United States .
It also provides asphalt for our roads , and lubricating oils for engines .
The “ All Other ” category is quite small on the graph , but includes most of the chemical uses for petroleum .
Products made using petroleum as a feedstock include plastics , synthetic fabrics , dyes , pharmaceutical drugs , detergents , insecticides and herbicides , and many other products we use every day .
Figure 6
In some parts of the world , petroleum is used to produce electricity .
In 2006 , only about 2 % of US power generation was from oil .
http://www.theoildrum.com/files/Generation%20by%20State%20by%20Type.png
14 . How is petroleum processed to obtain its major products ?
Petroleum is sent to a refinery , where it is processed to remove impurities and to separate it into its component parts .
As we noted earlier , petroleum is a mixture of different hydrocarbons ranging from about C5H12 to C42H86 .
These hydrocarbons have different properties , including different boiling points and different viscosities .
Very short chains , containing 1 to 4 carbon molecules , are gasses at room temperature .
Chains with 5 to 10 carbon molecules are thin liquids that boil at low temperatures .
The longest chains are asphalt or bitumen .
Asphalt is very viscous and has a very high boiling point .
During refining , a process called fractional distillation is used to separate out the mixture into components .
Petroleum is heated to a vapor , and then allowed to condense in a tower containing trays at different levels .
Because the shorter hydrocarbon chains boil at lower temperatures than longer chains , this process can be used to separate petroleum into its component parts .
The lighter the fraction , ( that is , the fewer carbon molecules in the chain ) , the higher up it condenses .
Figure 7 . Fractional Distillation ( Diagram by The Institute of Petroleum , UK )
For further discussion see “ How Oil Refining Works ” on HowStuffWorks.com ( http://science.howstuffworks.com/oil-refining.htm )
15 . Is petroleum from different locations the same ?
No .
Some petroleum is “ light ” – that is , composed mostly of the shorter chain hydrocarbons .
Other petroleum is “ heavy ” – that is composed mostly of longer chain hydrocarbons .
Some is even “ very heavy ” .
Oil also differs in the amount of impurities .
The highest quality ( and highest priced ) crude oil is light oil , with few impurities .
The lowest priced crude oil is heavy oil , with many impurities .
The reason that light oil is prized is because when fractional distillation is used , it yields a high proportion of gasoline and diesel fuel , and relatively little asphalt and other lower priced products .
When fractional distillation is used on heavy oil , it tends to yield a high a proportion of asphalt and other low priced products .
A process called “ cracking ” can be used to break very long molecules into shorter , more commercially valuable molecules , but this process is expensive , and requires specialized equipment .
The amount and types of impurities in crude oil is also important in determining the selling price of crude oil .
Special processes , available only in certain refineries , may be needed to remove certain types of impurities .
In some cases , it is necessary to build a refinery especially for oil from a particular location , so as to have the proper equipment to remove the impurities from the oil .
Some of the oil that has not yet been extracted is oil with difficult to remove impurities .
This oil was bypassed in the past as too difficult to process .
Saudi Arabia has some oil that it is not extracting because a refinery has not yet been built to handle the impurities .
16 . How is oil transported from place to place ?
When crude oil is found in a location , it must be transported to a refinery for processing .
There are two major ways this is done .
One is by “ oil tanker ” ( type of ship ) .
The other is by pipeline .
When oil is discovered in a remote location , new pipelines often must be built before production can begin so as to have a way of transporting the oil once it is extracted .
This is costly , and may take several years .
Once the oil is refined , the refined products are again shipped by pipeline to a location near where they will be used .
Trucks are generally used for transportation to the final customer .
It might be noted that each pipeline has both a maximum and a minimum flow rate .
If production or use drops too much in an area , its pipeline may no longer be usable .
One exception to the use of pipelines for transport occurs for gasoline with ethanol .
The gasoline base is shipped by pipeline , but ethanol cannot be shipped by pipeline , because it tends to absorb water .
Ethanol must therefore be shipped by other means ( railroad , barge , and / or truck ) to a location near where the gasoline will be sold .
There , ethanol is blended with the appropriate gasoline base to make gasoline .
After it has been blended with the base , it is shipped by truck to the retail location where it is sold .
This whole process is expensive and difficult to co-ordinate .
Part 1 - Discussion Questions
1. In 1957 .
Rear Admiral Hyman Rickover gave a speech in which he talked about the expected peak of oil and gas production in the first part of the 21st century , and the likely decline of coal toward the middle of the 21st century .
He also talked about the need to tell young people , and to start planning for the difficult transition that likely lay ahead .
http://www.theoildrum.com/node/2724
Why did n’t people take his advice ?
2 . In 2007 , there was considerable publicity about the Tupi field in Brazil .
According to newspaper articles , Tupi may transform Brazil into a major oil exporter .
When you read further , you find that the oil field is nearly 200 miles off shore , and is at record depths .
Furthermore , the oil is found beneath layers of rock and salt .
Figure 8 ( The Oil Drum )
The salt is unstable to drill through .
A problem with thermal shock is expected when oil is extracted because the temperature of the oil in the reservoir is expected to be nearly 100 degrees Celsius , while the water above the rock is expected to be 4 degrees Celsius .
In order to extract the oil , new technology will need to be developed to drill this deep and to overcome the problems of the unstable salt layer and of thermal shock .
Also , some means of transporting the material extracted will be needed .
Because natural gas will be included , the usual method would be a pipeline , but the distance will be a challenge .
Therefore , the company is considering building a floating liquefied natural gas to liquid plant , so that tankers can transport both the oil and liquefied natural gas .
The expected oil production from Tupi is large relative to recent discoveries , but not large relative to the amount of oil we need to discover each year .
At full development , Tupi is expected to produce 500,000 to 1 million barrels a day .
This is equivalent to 2.4 % to 4.8 % of the United States ' current daily oil usage , or 0.6 % to 1.2 % of world usage .
Just to offset declines in existing fields , we need to discover 5 to 9 fields the size of Tupi each year .
a . What probability would you assign to this project actually succeeding ?
b. The company hopes to have initial production by 2013 .
Given the technology and infrastructure issues , how likely does this seem ?
Would you be surprised by setbacks ?
c. If this is the major discovery of the year , what does this tell you about other discoveries ?
To read about Tupi ( not needed for exercise )
http://www.theoildrum.com/node/3269
http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/01/11/business/oil.php
http://www.afxnews.com/about488/index.php?lg=en&c=00.00&story=2305842
http://www.theoildrum.com/files/TupiLayerSketch.png
The meeting is called to order at 9:30 a.m. , after the traditional Friday morning student musical performance .
The invocation was read by Cynthia Dunbar , who gave an incredibly divisive and exclusionary defense of Christian America , explicitly saying that the country was founded on Christian and Biblical principles and that we are “ a Christian land governed by Christian principles . ”
“ I believe no one can read the history of our country without realizing that the Good Book and the spirit of the Savior have from the beginning been our guiding geniuses . ”
She closed by invoking “ my Lord and Savior , Jesus Christ . ”
Invocations like this –blatant sectarian prayers–at the beginning of state agency meetings by public officials are , in my opinion , terribly bigoted in addition to being nonsense .
By her remarks , Dunbar disenfranchised all in the audience who follow different faiths or no faith .
How does she think Lawrence Allen felt listening to her invocation ?
Dunbar certainly felt nothing for him or she would n’t have given such an aggressive Christian invocation .
Mr. Allen is a serious , dignified Board member who , unlike the radical religious right members , typically has informed comments and understands the responsibilities of his office to be considerate of Texans of all religious and philosophical beliefs .
Not a Christian , Mr. Allen must have felt discriminated all over again ( he is an African - American Moslem ) .
The bigotry never ends in this state .
Ms. Dunbar could have presented a traditional invocation that most monotheistic religionists could accept , invoking the God of Civil Religion that George Washington and Thomas Jefferson believed in , or even a secular invocation that doesn”t even exclude non-believers , who typically are excluded in invocations .
But no–she desires to exclude everyone except Christians in her description of the founding and meaning of the United States .
Dunbar represents the most intolerant , aggressive , and exclusionary type of Christian , one who thinks her beliefs are the only truth and everyone else is either a target for proselytization or going to Hell , so she can and does ignore them .
She is an inconsiderate Christian Fundamentalist who has shown many times she wants to push her extreme religious and divisive political values onto
Texas school children using the power of her elected office , a despicable goal .
Ms. Dunbar is an affront to society ’s principles of fair treatment and common decency .
Texas Freedom
Network informs me that they have posted a video of Dunbar ’s egregious invocation so one can judge for one ’s self .
It is also available on YouTube :
— –
Note added , 8:15 p.m. , May 21 : Well , this is rich .
I just read that Cynthia Dunbar ’s invocation this morning , viewable in the YouTube video above , was originally written by Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl Warren .
This was apparently discovered by Abby Rapoport , a writer for the Texas Observer who spent the day sending brief reports about today ’s State Board of Education meeting on Twitter .
It is quite a discovery .
When I heard Dunbar read her invocation , I admit I wondered if she wrote it since its prose was much better than that in her book , One Nation Under God .
But I was n’t sure and I certainly did not know who really wrote it .
Dunbar played a fast one .
She undoubtedly expected criticism of her over - the - top Christian invocation and wanted to show critics that individuals respected by liberals can be ultra-Christian , too .
Or else she deliberately plagiarized Earl Warren ’s address without noting its source and without expecting to be caught .
But is Warren a liberal ?
While governor of California , Warren was an extremely popular moderate to conservative Republican .
He supported the internment of Japanese - Americans during WWII , for example .
When President Dwight Eisenhower appointed him to the Supreme Court as Chief Justice , most thought he became more liberal .
To the contrary , I have always seen Warren as a consistent conservative Constitutionalist quite like John Paul Stevens , who was also appointed to the court as a conservative .
As with Warren , others thought Stevens became a liberal once he became a justice , but in fact Stevens always maintained , and I agree , that he was consistently conservative and the Supreme Court simply moved further to the right .
I never thought that either Earl Warren or John Paul Stevens betrayed their conservative roots .
They are great Constitutionalists who appeared to be liberal because they believed in Constitutional liberties , just as liberals do .
True conservatives have this in common with liberals , who support liberty much like libertarians except that we do n’t turn a blind eye to the excesses of capitalism .
I have to explain that individuals such as Cynthia Dunbar and her six religious right colleagues on the State Board are not conservatives no matter how they define themselves .
They are radicals .
Unlike true conservatives such as Warren and Stevens who believe in liberty , radicals such as Dunbar , Bradley , McLeroy , Mercer , Leo , and Cargill are authoritarians .
In my writings I have always characterized them as radicals and authoritarians , not conservatives and advocates of liberty .
They call themselves conservative because the term has a more favorable appeal than the term radical , but that ’s just their framing .
They also call themselves “ conservative ” rather than “ fundamentalist ” Christians for the same reason .
Let me also make clear that it is their extreme fundamentalist religious views make them such radicals , not their politics .
If they were mainstream Protestants , they would probably be mainstream conservatives who cherish liberty , much as Bob Craig and Tincy Miller do .
Authoritarianism and radicalism go hand in hand with religious fundamentalism .
The next factor is that Earl Warren was apparently extremely religious , a fact previously unknown to me .
His words – “ a Christian land governed by Christian principles .
I believe the entire Bill of Rights came into being because of the knowledge our forefathers had of the Bible and their belief in it : freedom of belief , of expression , of assembly , of petition , the dignity of the individual , the sanctity of the home , equal justice under law , and the reservation of powers to the people I like to believe we are living today in the spirit of the Christian religion ” –are really extreme , historically unsupported , and certainly unsuitable for an invocation in a secular public meeting because they are divisive , exclusionary , and most importantly , completely untrue .
I have read many books about the origin of the United States and our Constitution , and historians all report that our Founders were motivated by Enlightenment philosophical principles of life , liberty , reason , human emancipation from authoritarian monarchs and clerical religions , private property rights , and other rights consistent with human freedom from tyranny , and not at all by traditional Christian principles ( which frankly almost always oppose Enlightenment principles ) .
For the Founders , these assumed “ inalienable ” rights come from nature , which in their minds were certainly an expression of divine natural law , but not from the Christian religion which they universally despised ( for its clericalism , conformity of thought , mindless faith , cruelty , scriptural dogma , and motivator of base emotions in humans leading to endless wars , bloodthirstiness , and torture ) .
The Founders were obligated to appeal to a higher law than the divine right of kings to ethically justify their opposition to a king and submit instead to a series of democratically - and cooperatively - formulated political charters , the last of which is our Constitution .
The higher law they appealed to was natural law , as described in the Declaration of Independence .
Once they won their freedoms , they ignored natural law because it was useless to create a new country .
That ’s why the Constitution is free of natural law , natural rights , and Nature ’s God .
The major Founders were religious but not Christian , which is why Warren ’s ( and Dunbar ’s ) claim that Christianity is responsible for American values rings so false .
It is true that centuries of European Christianity had some influence on American morals and values , but mainstream historians universally give Enlightenment philosophical principles greater influence in the formation of the United States .
Centuries of European Christianity almost certainly had more of a negative than positive effect on the thinking of the Founders–Christians , Deists , and Unitarians alike .
And what is Enlightenment ?
Is it the rejection of religion that Dunbar claims –the “ perversion that seems to happen with Enlightenment ideas ” ?
For Dunbar , Enlightenment means the rejection of religious beliefs , which is why she hates the concept of Enlightenment .
However , as usual , she is wrong .
Enlightenment intellectual and philosophical figures did not reject religion .
They rejected traditional supernaturalistic and clerical religions , especially Christianity , whose bloody history they knew intimately and were disgusted by it .
They usually believed in a creating higher power that could be called a Creator or Nature ’s God or Providence , and this was certainly religious .
But it ’s the wrong religion for Dunbar who only wants her personal religion promoted .
That ’s why her invocation and her opposition to the inclusion of Enlightenment ideas in the standard are so bigoted .
She has an irrational hatred of competing deistic and pantheistic religions , liberal religions , non-authoritarian religions , and non-religious philosophies , and used her power as a public education official to make sure they were excluded from the a standard devoted to Enlightenment by removing the term Enlightenment and inserting three advocates of traditional Christianity : Aquinas , Calvin , and Blackstone .
This is a perfect example of politicizing a secular standard and turning it into a sectarian one , which is a despicable change to the social studies curriculum .
Note added , 3:20 a.m. , May 22 : University of Delaware professor Tony Whitson sent me a link that describes the context of Earl Warren ’s original delivery of the prayer : a prayer breakfast !
A group of 600 federal government officials , including the President , gathered on a day in February 1954 for a prayer breakfast at the Mayflower Hotel in Washington , DC .
The presiding chaplain said , “ This morning we are here to renew our faith and our commitment to God . ”
And that they did , with prayer after prayer .
Earl Warren ’s prayer was the final one .
His prayer , despite its veracity being unsupported by any historical evidence , was nevertheless appropriate for the occasion .
This certainly contrasts with the inappropriateness of Cynthia Dunbar ’s use of the identical prayer as an invocation for the meeting of a secular state government agency .
— –
Two members of the public testified to the Board , including the lobbyist of the Texas State Teachers Association , neither of whom addressed social studies standards .
Then a representative of a Permanent School Fund ( PSF ) investment firm hired by the State Board , Mr. Humphry , discussed state education monetary investment and asset allocation issues at length with the Board .
As readers may know , the TEA and thus the SBOE has significant responsibilities to manage the PSF worth about $ 24 billion .
This has long been a matter of controversy and concern since the SBOE members have frequently revealed that they have little or no knowledge of financial and investment issues , and when they do , they have evinced poor judgment .
For example , the Board agreed in 2008 to invest a great deal of money in hedge funds and they lost 30 - 40 % .
However , the TEA professional PSF staff and private investment firms hired to actually manage the PSF know what they are doing and typically have done a very good job of managing and protecting this enormous amount of money .
Although the SBOE manages the investments of the PSF , the Texas Legislature is responsible for actually allocating portions of this money for public school textbooks and other instructional materials and equipment .
This is really an odd division of responsibilities that often creates problems .
Mr. Humphry says that the fund is making a small rate of return and the risk of losing money has slightly decreased due to management reforms .
Management of the PSF is the single responsibility of the SBOE and TEA specified in the Texas Constitution .
All other responsibilities , including all educational responsibilities , are specified by the Legislature .
The Legislature has several times restricted what the SBOE can do about editing and rejecting textbooks due to past very public abuses and embarrassments , but activists on the SBOE have always been able to get around the restrictions , usually by simply ignoring them and daring textbook publishers to sue them and the Legislature to restrict them some more .
The Legislature obviously needs to act again , this time explicitly stripping the SBOE of all responsibility for curriculum standards and textbooks , giving this responsibility to universities and the education commissioner .
For standards ,
Texas should simply adopt the new de facto national standards rather than going through the circus of writing their own .
For textbooks , school districts should be allowed to choose what they want from those available after the Commissioner assures that the books are free of factual errors .
The highly centralized and authoritarian system we have now , in which eight members can control the content and adoption of both curriculum standards and textbooks , has proven to be very irresponsible and subject to abuse .
I have written about the continuing abuse during the previous two days .
At 10:35 , the Board moves to second reading items .
The first item is adding the several CTE courses to those allowed for the fourth year science graduation requirement .
This passes unanimously .
The second item concerns CTE math courses allowed for the fourth year math graduation requirement .
This is approved .
These CTE courses are not recognized by colleges and universities on student transcripts as adequate preparation for undergraduate courses and are not counted as credits needed to be admitted , so few college - bound students will take them .
Students who do n’t plan to go to college or just attend a community college for a year or two will take these easy CTE courses for high school graduation .
The third item concerns adult and secondary education , also approved .
At 10:50 Chairman Lowe declares a break with deliberation to resume at 11:00 .
At that time they will finish the social studies standards and adopt them on second reading , as I predicted would happen .
I knew they would ignore the requests of the minority legislators to delay adoption of the social studies standards .
Next year we will see if the Lege delays allocating funds for the purchase of social studies textbooks and keep delaying until the standards are changed .
The State Board resumes at 11:06 a.m. to finalize and adopt the social studies standards .
Discussion begins with the phrase “ pro-free market factors ” in the standard “ explain three pro-free market factors that contributed to the success of Europe ’s Commercial Revolution ” during the European expansion of 1450 - 1750 .
Hardy wants to strike this phrase since “ pro-free market factors ” did n’t exist then .
Barbara Cargill ( naturally ) inserted this phrase in March to push her radical laissez faire form of capitalism ( oops , free enterprise ) to indoctrinate students .
Hardy wants to replace the phrase with a neutral and balanced phrase , and her amendment passes after objections from Cargill and Terri Leo .
Next , Pat Hardy moves to strike the word “ benefits ” and replace it with the word “ effects ” in the phrase “ explain the benefits of free enterprise in the Industrial Revolution . ”
Hardy quite correctly thinks there are both pros and cons , both positive and negative effects , to the Industrial Revolution .
As added by Barbara Cargill in March , the standard is biased and objectionable , since the Industrial Revolution led to many problems as well as benefits .
Both Cargill and Terri Leo want to keep the misleading word , while Hardy says she is advocating a neutral and balanced word with “ effects . ”
Leo wants a recorded vote .
Fortunately , the amendment carries 8 - 6 with the radical right Republicans excluding Lowe voting against it .
Now the State Board is acting responsibly to stop the traditional indoctrination and bias .
At 11:36 , Pat Hardy asked to add Robert Boyle and Isaac Newton to a standard on the contributions of significant scientists prior to 1750 that already contained Copernicus and Galileo and this passes .
Don McLeroy next asks if Alan Turing could be added to the list .
Several Board members disagree , saying the Turing is not as important as those already listed .
McLeroy ’s motion fails 11 - 4 .
Turing , a brilliant mathematician who created many early computer concepts and whose work in deciphering German codes led to shortening the war by 1 - 2 years , was gay and was horribly discriminated against during his lifetime .
Turing ’s open homosexuality resulted after the war in criminal prosecution in 1952 , for homosexual acts were illegal in the United Kingdom at that time , and he was forced to undergo treatment with female hormones and chemical castration as an alternative to prison .
He died in 1954 , several weeks before his 42nd birthday , from an apparently self - administered cyanide poisoning .
The discrimination against Turing continues in Texas .
In 2009 , the British government formally apologized for its cruel treatment of Alan Turing after the war .
Thank you , Don McLeroy , for proposing that an openly gay person be recognized for his accomplishments in Texas social studies standards .
( However , you probably would not have done this if you had been aware that Turing was gay . )
A motion is made to tell students in the world history standards that the date designations BC is the same as BCE and AD is the same as CE .
In March , Pat Hardy foolishly amended the standards to remove the current secular and scholarly standard human era designations CE and BCE as written by the professional historians and change them back to the traditional Christian AD and BC .
It was suggested then by amendment to at least inform students that there are two ways of designating these eras in scholarly historical literature , or using both of them by putting the scholarly ones in parentheses , but this effort failed and the traditional Christian era designations replaced in the standards the scholarly ones used today by historians .
The current motion repeats this attempt to inform students so they will not be hopelessly ignorant when they leave Texas public schools and encounter the abbreviations CE and BCE , but the motion fails again .
As I ’ve said before , a primary purpose of the Texas State Board of Education is to keep students ignorant and this episode is surely a good example of this goal .
Needless to say , the reason the members want to avoid using the standard scholarly era designations is because the scholarly ones are secular while the traditional ones are Christian , and they seek any opportunity to push their religious beliefs onto students in public schools .
Pat Hardy constantly reminds us that she is a history teacher so she has no excuse for being so ignorant about the modern use of CE and BCE .
Only religious motivation can explain her old - fashioned preference for AD and BC , and this motivation is obnoxious in a secular public institutional setting .
A motion is made by Barbara Cargill to create a new standard that asks students to “ explain why Communist command economies collapsed in competition with free market economies at the end of the 20th century .
” This motion passes 10 - 5 on a recorded vote .
It is true that authoritarian socialist ( communist ) economies do poorly in comparison to free enterprise ones , but they also do poorly compared to democratic socialist economies that do as well or better than free enterprise economies .
Should n’t this be explained to students so they do n’t remain ignorant about economics ?
At 12:08 , a motion is made to insert “ the student understands the benefits of free enterprise in world history ” to a world history standard that discusses economics .
This generates considerable heated discussion .
Pat Hardy moves to amend this by changing “ benefits ” to “ effects ” since historically there have been both benefits and problems ( positive and negative consequences ) with the free enterprise system .
Far - right members make the absurd argument that textbooks have historically ignored the benefits of the free enterprise system and even that using the word “ effects ” somehow paints communism in a beneficial light .
After much discussion , Hardy ’s motion fails 5 - 9 with her and four Democrats voting for it , Agosto abstaining .
After more discussion , this egregious and biased standard is adopted 9 - 5 .
Thus , the economic indoctrination of Texas students is continued .
By the way , there is no standard the reads “ the student understands the benefits of socialism in world history ” even though there are many benefits ( there are problems , too , of course ) .
Once again , students are deliberately kept ignorant by the far - right members on the State Board .
During the discussion , some members attempt to question the motives of other members but Chairman Lowe disallows such discussion .
At 12:22 , Rene Nunez moves to reinstate Oscar Romero to a world history standard that asked students to “ identify examples of individuals who led resistance to political oppression . ”
His name was removed by far - right members in March when they stated they did n’t know who he was .
Without objection , Romero ’s name is returned and rightly so .
Rene must have worked behind the scenes to educate his Republican colleagues about Romero ’s importance in American history .
At 12:30 , Bob Craig moves to put back the term “ Enlightenment ideas , ” remove “ John Calvin , ” and put back “ Thomas Jefferson ” in the well - publicized standard ( 20 ) ( C ) about the impact of writings that influenced contemporary political ideas .
McLeroy and Mercer just want to add the name of Thomas Jefferson , keeping the word Enlightenment out and John Calvin and Thomas Aquinas in .
Cynthia Dunbar objects to Craig ’s motion and wants to keep the standard the same ; she was responsible for revising the original standard in March to eliminate Jefferson and the term “ Enlightenment ” and adding Aquinas , Calvin , and William Blackstone , all maliciously intended to promote her mythical belief about the religious origins of the U.S. Dunbar argues–using illogical misdirection and framing –that the defintion of Enlightenment rules out supernatural influence in human affairs and that knowledge is derived from rational thinking rather than received from God , so you ca n’t put figures such as Aquinas , Calvin , and Blackstone in a standard mentioning the Enlightenment because they believed knowledge was received from God .
True , but the original standard was intended to be the Enlightement standard and Craig ’s motion is intended to return to that scholarly intent .
Dunbar is trying to save her own manipulation and distortion of the standard in a way that further her unscholarly religio- political beliefs .
Tincy Miller quotes extensively from the writings of Gordon Wood about the original Enlightenment thought of Thomas Jefferson who was not a derivative thinker as Dunbar apparently believed when she got him removed .
She and several other Board members support Craig ’s motion .
Craig ’s motion fails 7 - 8 with the five Democrats plus Craig and Miller voting for it .
That it fails is very bad .
Mercer now moves to insert Thomas Jefferson and James Madison into the standard that asks students to examine the impact of writings on contemporary political systems , since there is great sentiment to return Jefferson ’s name to the standard because of all the negative press attention and Mercer quite correctly thinks Madison belongs there , too .
Amazingly , Hardy amends to the motion to strike James Madison from the list !
Madison is the primary author of the U.S. Constitution and Bill of Rights .
Mercer ’s motion is good and partly makes up for Dunbar ’s stupid amendment in March that removed Thomas Jefferson and the term “ Enlightenment . ”
Several members point out that the term “ Enlightenment ” is listed in standard ( A ) so the concept was n’t totally removed .
Calvin and Aquinas should be removed but probably wo n’t be .
Hardy ’s amendment carries 8 - 7 to strike James Madison from the list of influential political writers !
Absolutely amazing .
Next , Thomas Jefferson is added to the list without objection .
Bob Craig moves to add “ explain the political philosophies of the writers ” in place of “ explain the impact of the writings ” of the list of names in the controversial standard that formerly dealt with Enlightenment political writers but now covers those from many historical periods .
This simple change generates a tremendous amount of discussion and finally passes .
Don McLeroy moves to reconsider recently adopted standard ( 18 ) ( F ) to “ compare and contrast the success of communist and free enterprise systems . ”
The substitute language fails 7 - 8 so the earlier adopted language remains : “ formulate generalizations on how … ” after a 10 - 5 vote with the five Democrats voting against .
The Board resumes at 2:05 after a short break .
I might add that my colleague Abby Rapoport of the Texas Observer , formerly of the Texas Tribune , is tweeting the hearing at @RaRapoport .
Go to #SBOE for all the tweets about the SBOE meeting .
The entire world is reading about this and commenting on Twitter !
A series of noncontroversial amendments are adopted .
At 2:16 , Bob Craig proposes a new standard ( 7 ) ( G ) in U.S. Government to cover church - state separation .
All mention of this concept or the Establishment Clause had been previously stripped from the standards by the far - right Republican members who do not agree with the mainstream legal interpretation of the Establishment Clause .
For example , standard ( 16 ) ( B ) covers the First Amendment but omits mention of the two religious clauses !
Craig ’s proposed standard is an attempt at compromise , but contains the phrase “ compare and contrast ” dealing with the First Amendment religion clauses and the concept of “ separation of church and state . ”
This is not really a compromise because it implies that the First Amendment can be contrasted with the separation of church and state when the opposite is true .
However , the far - right Republican members support this interpretation .
At 2:22 , an amendment by Mavis Knight seeks to change Craig ’s proposed standard by removing the “ compare and contrast ” phrase and substituting language that failed in March about government being barred from promoting or disfavoring one faith over others .
Her amendment fails on a straight 5 - 10 party - line vote .
Now you know which political party wants to protect your religious liberties .
Now the vote to approve Craig ’s new standard now passes 11 - 3 .
It reads : “ Examine the reasons the Founding Fathers protected religious freedom in America and guaranteed it ’s free exercise by saying that ‘ Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof , ’ and compare and contrast this to the phrase ‘ separation of church and state ’ . ”
In reality there is no “ contrast ” between separation of church and state and the Establishment Clause .
The wording “ make no law respecting an establishment of religion ” has been universally interpreted to mean separation of church and state by federal courts , including the Supreme Court , and they have explicitly stated this fact in their written decisions .
The suggestion that the two phrases can be contrasted is simply false except in the minds of radical right polemicists who want to intermingle church and state in a myriad of ways .
I do n’t think that Bob Craig understands why his new standard is so objectionable ( he should have realized this when the radical right members of the Board accepted it so quickly and the Democrats objected unanimously ) .
It implies that the First Amendment might be antithetical to church - state separation when this cannot be true as evidenced by numerous federal court decisions .
3:25 – Terri Leo unbelievably criticizes the inclusion of White v. Regester , the District Court case that stopped the dilution of minority voting rights in Texas by forcing cities and counties to eliminate their reliance on at - large voting and institute single - member districts and to re-district voting districts fairly without concentrating minorities in highly - populated districts wildly different in size from other districts .
Over the decades , whites in Texas had kept political power by gaming the voting district system to dilute the strength of minority voting power .
The court case stopped these abuses and forced the white politicians to re-district fairly .
Testimony by minority members on the Board revealed how important this case was for them in Texas .
Leo ’s motion to remove the case from a list of important court cases , added only yesterday by Bob Craig , fails 8 - 6 and rightly so , since her amendment to eliminate the case was unduly discriminatory .
3:35 – Bob Craig and Mavis Knight propose a new standard ( 8 ) ( C ) in U.S. history to “ critique the scholarly debate over the veracity of the Venona Papers . ”
This amendment fails 5 - 9 .
The Venona Papers are transcripts of Soviet intelligence traffic during the 1940s that were deciphered during the decade after the war .
The transcripts are often garbled , have gaps , are woefully incomplete , and subject to misinterpretation .
The papers confirm some things about Soviet spies that were suspected or known , but it is extremely difficult to come to reliable conclusions about many clandestine topics .
For example , some authors have claimed that the Venona Papers prove that Alger Hiss was a Soviet spy .
Detailed research has revealed that there is no reliable evidence for this claim .
If the proposed motion was to “ critique the scholarly debate over the interpretation of the Venona Papers , ” this would have been an excellent addition .
But it is better is to leave out all mention of the Venona Papers since they are primarily used today by Red Scare ultra-conservatives to cast aspersions on liberals of the past in an attempt to defame them .
That ’s the only reason they are in the Texas standards in the first place .
3:55 – Members now speak about whether they will support the social studies standards .
Mary Helen Berlanga speaks first .
She talks in a calm but sad voice and says she opposes adopting the social studies standards in their present form .
She believes that the standards minimize , omit , and whitewash too much about the problems minorities face in the U.S.
She says Texas students wo n’t begin to learn accurate and reliable history until they get to college .
4:02 – Mavis Knight gives an impassioned speech saying they will not support the standards as written .
She criticizes the length and politicization of the standards , decrying the rush to approve the documents rather than making sure the standards are appropriate .
Her conclusion : “ I am ashamed of what we have done to the teachers and the children of this state .
I will not vote for this version or any other version of this travesty . ”
4:06 – Rick Agosto really finds his inner core and states clearly that this Board has “ perverted ” the process by essentially rewriting the standards submitted by the professional writing panels .
He says the revised document belongs in the trash and he puts his trash can on his desk .
“ This thing belongs in the trash !
This is right where it is going to go ! ”
I am very amused by this and wonder if Rick is disgusted with himself for voting with the ultra - right bloc so frequently on math textbooks and the ELA and Science standards during the previous years , giving the minority of seven the eighth vote needed to promote their political and ideological agendas .
I think Rick has finally understood the true nature of some of his Board colleagues and he is angry with them and with himself .
Welcome back to our side , Rick , the side of fairness , intelligence , and honesty !
4:13 – Lawrence Allen gives another impassioned speech against adopting the standards .
He wants the experts to examine the newly - written standards and see if they are appropriate or are too long , too detailed , too complex , or too political .
He moves to delay second reading until the July meeting .
4:20 – Bob Craig speaks calmly in favor of the idea of delaying the final vote until July .
He notes that the curriculum writers for the high school American history course have announced their opposition to the revised standards .
He also wants the experts to review the standards as revised by the board .
He mentions Rob Paige , former Secretary of Education under former President Bush , who also asked for a delay to study the standards .
4:47 – After much debate and speeches , the vote to postpone adoption until July fails 6 - 8 , with Bob Craig joining the five Democrats .
This is the vote I expected .
Tincy Miller has left so future votes will total 14 .
4:55 – Ken Mercer is into a 10 - minute rant about the “ lie ” that the SBOE deleted Jefferson from the standards .
He kept saying that this was a lie and he is obviously so angry about this .
“ Jefferson was the biggest lie of all . ”
He compares the critics of removing Jefferson to Joseph Goebbels , the Nazi minister of propaganda , who did indeed say that if you keep repeating a big lie it will become the truth ( a technique used quite successfully by the Bush Administration in their run-up to the Iraq Conflict / War ) .
In his mind he has convinced himself that it is a lie , but in reality the Board did delete Jefferson from an important standard , so it is Mercer himself who is fibbing .
Today Mercer and others put Jefferson back in that standard .
Why does Mercer think that Jefferson needed to be put back into the standard–after all , he voted for it earlier today –if it is a “ lie ” that Jefferson was deleted ?
No editorial writer or blogger to my knowledge wrote that Jefferson was deleted from all the standards ; their statement that Jefferson was deleted was in the context of the standard in which he was deleted , not the entire document .
If they did say or imply that Jefferson was deleted from all places in the standards , then that , of course , was incorrect .
So what ?
Removing Jefferson from one very important standard or all standards in social studies is equally obnoxious and partisan and any instance of this is subject to proper revulsion .
Ken Mercer is a fool for thinking otherwise .
5:06 – The SBOE votes 9 - 5 to adopt the high school social studies standards along party lines which was completely expected .
As I have written many times before , public education in Texas is a 100 % political process and this vote proves that .
Texas citizens should be appalled .
5:11 – The Board is voting on a motion by Rick Agosto to strike an entire controversial standard added yesterday in 7th grade history that asked students to identify six Texas Confederate generals and three Civil War battles in Texas .
This amendment fails 6 - 8 . The State Board certainly wants Texas students to know their proud Confederate heritage .
5:14 – Rick now asks the Board again to strike mention of Jefferson Davis ’s inaugural address in another controversial standard .
Ultra -right member Barbara Cargill added Davis to a standard that asked students to know about Abraham Lincoln ’s two inaugural addresses and the Gettysburg Address .
Agosto quite correctly considers this inclusion an affront to the memory of Lincoln and believes it will unavoidably prejudice students who actually read how Davis justified the Civil War from the point of view of the Confederacy .
He is afraid that teachers will not adequately show the many ways that Davis was wrong and immoral .
The amendment fails 4 - 10 .
5:24 – The elementary and middle school social studies standards are adopted 9 - 5 along party lines which was fully expected .
5:29 – Karl Marx is deleted from a list of economic philosophers and their impact on the U.S. free enterprise system .
5:34 – Economics standards are adopted unanimously , 14 - 0 .
A break is now called until 6:00 .
Dear Readers , this is where I will leave you .
I hope to write again soon about the many educational problems facing Texas with an analysis of the issues and people involved .
Goodbye and good luck .
The identity of a Phoenix man accused of shooting his neighbor on Thursday afternoon , apparently stemming from a running dispute , was released by authorities Friday along with more details about the incident .
Gary Kelley , 50 , was arrested after police suspect he shot and killed his 44 - year - old neighbor , Juan Varela , on the sidewalk near their houses in 6400 block of South Montezuma Street at about 1 p.m. , according to the Phoenix Police Department .
Police said Kelley and Varela knew each other and have had numerous altercations during the past few years .
Varela 's brother , Antonio , 45 , was also involved in the incident .
Antonio told police that he came home Thursday afternoon to find Kelley walking toward his brother , who was watering a tree in the front yard , according to a police report .
Police said Kelley repeated a racial slur toward Varela several times before saying , " Hurry up and go back to Mexico , or you 're going to die ! "
Maria Lopez , Varela 's niece , said he was a second - generation American who was born in Phoenix .
He had a wife and a 13 - year - old daughter .
Varela was said to have attempted to kick Kelley , but missed .
Kelley allegedly pulled out a revolver and shot Varela once in the neck area , police said .
Police said he pointed the gun at the brother as well , before running into his house .
Kelley , holding a beer , left his house when police arrived .
Police said he appeared intoxicated .
Kelley was not complying with officers ' commands , police said , so he was pepper sprayed and taken into custody .
Varela was taken to a local hospital where he died .
Kelley was arrested on suspicion of second - degree murder and aggravated assault with a weapon , police said .
Lopez said when Kelley had been drinking , he sometimes made racial comments to her uncle and cousins , who lived next door .
When Kelley was n't drinking , Lopez said there were no issues .
Manuel Ochoa , who lived next door to Kelley , was shocked by the incident .
" I did n't even know he could do something like that , " he said .
Ochoa said that his family always got along well with Kelley , and they often helped each other in everyday situations .
He said that Kelley mentioned to him once that he had a gun , but he never saw it .
Free markets depend on truth telling .
Prices must reflect the valuations of consumers ; interest rates must be reliable guides to entrepreneurs allocating capital across time ; and a firm 's accounts must reflect the true value of the business .
Rather than truth telling , we are becoming an economy of liars .
The cause is straightforward : crony capitalism .
Thomas Carlyle , the 19th century Victorian essayist , unflatteringly described classical liberalism as " anarchy plus a constable . "
As a romanticist , Carlyle hated the system — but ...
A Lawyer Who
Understands What You Are Up Against
Mark Nicewicz understands the fear and anxiety that accompany an arrest and the prospect of losing your freedom .
He understands Virginia criminal law and procedure , as well as the importance of protecting the rights of individuals .
Mr. Nicewicz became an attorney to help people like you who need guidance .
He is a skillful negotiator , a zealous advocate , and an attorney with the integrity to stand up and fight for your rights .
When you are represented by Mark Nicewicz , you will receive experienced representation from a lawyer who is innovative and detail - orientated , and who will fight to protect your legal rights .
Free Consultation
We are all awash in statistics .
Every day , we see the probability of precipitation , the results of opinion polls , changes in the stock market , your grades in school , or the batting average of the baseball team you follow .
It ’s surprising , then , that many people believe that data analysis is something you do only in school or at work .
The evolution of computer hardware and software that has fed the growth of statistics did n’t stop at the door to your office or school .
Why should your use of statistics stop there ?
No skill improves without practice .
You can practice your data analysis skills at home without making it feel like homework .
Start with something you love to do , like your favorite hobby or interest .
Design a study to answer some question that is interesting to you .
Collect the data and then do your analysis and see what happens .
Here are eight ideas for how to do that .
Personal Behaviors
Ever wonder where the time goes ?
Time is a major component of many data analyses , so what better place to start than an analysis of your own time .
Keep a timesheet of what you do each day for at least a month .
For example , categorize how you spend your day into work / school , commuting , chores , errands , sleep , and personal time .
Before you start , write down how you think you allot your time to each category .
Then calculate the percentages from your data .
How close are your predictions to the actual percentages ?
Do the percentages change much from day to day ?
Do they vary by day of the week ?
There may also be some specific activities you might want to collect data on , like how much you smoke , drink , do drugs , look at porn , gamble , curse , and watch reality TV .
Keep this data in a hidden directory on your computer .
Consumption
Have you ever been on a diet and kept a food diary ?
You can expand this concept to create a dataset .
Convert the types and amounts of foods you eat in a day into estimates of calories .
Get a pedometer to estimate your exercise .
Record your weight .
Then see if you can see any correlations between your weights , the foods and calories you eat , your exercise , the season , and anything else you record .
You might find the information quite valuable .
You may already be keeping track of your car ’s mileage and fuel costs .
It ’s a good way to see the effects of driving styles , seasons , maintenance , and other factors on your miles per gallon .
If you keep your household financial data on software , like Quicken , you can do many analyses and graphs of your spending patterns .
For example , do you spend more on lattes than laundry ?
If you have a cell phone , put your usage records in a spreadsheet .
Figure out the minimum , maximum , and average amount of time you spend on the phone in a day .
Who do you talk to the most often and for the longest duration ?
What is your most connected time of day and day of the week ?
Save these records so your family can sue Nokia in thirty years after you die from brain cancer .
Other good sources of data you can analyze are your utility bills .
Some utility companies will report your past year of electricity , gas , oil , and water consumption , as well as some supporting information such as average temperature .
In fact , they may have many years of your energy usage data that they can retrieve for you .
You can use the data to test the effects of seasons , vacations , holidays , energy conservation measures , and more significant lifestyle changes , like the kids finally moving out .
Screen Time
Do you relax by watching TV , surfing the Internet , playing video games , or all three ?
Keep a log of how much time you spend in front of a view screen .
You might record date , day of the week , the weather , hours watching TV , hours surfing the Internet , hours playing video games , hours sleeping , and so on , every day for a month .
What is the average proportion of your day that you spend looking at a view screen ?
Does it vary by day of the week or by weather ?
At the end of a month , revise your data collection to look at other ways you spend your time ?
Does the act of collecting the data influence how you spend your free time ?
Hobbies
Everybody has hobbies and interests that they enjoy , so why not use your favorite pastimes as opportunities to design statistical studies and collect data you can practice analyzing .
Here are a few ideas for what you might do .
Hunting and Fishing – Record where you hunt or fish , what bait or other aids you use , the time , the weather , and what results you had .
Likewise with treasure hunting , record where you search , what detector settings you use , the time , the weather , and what results you had .
Are there any notable patterns ?
– Record where you hunt or fish , what bait or other aids you use , the time , the weather , and what results you had .
Likewise with treasure hunting , record where you search , what detector settings you use , the time , the weather , and what results you had .
Are there any notable patterns ?
Gardening — Keep a diary ( or better , a spreadsheet ) of how much time you spend in your garden , what you do , and the weather .
What proportions of you time do you spend planting , weeding , maintaining , and harvesting ?
How do the percentages change with the date and the weather ?
If you plant seeds , do you get similar germination rates for the same plant from different suppliers ?
— Keep a diary ( or better , a spreadsheet ) of how much time you spend in your garden , what you do , and the weather .
What proportions of you time do you spend planting , weeding , maintaining , and harvesting ?
How do the percentages change with the date and the weather ?
If you plant seeds , do you get similar germination rates for the same plant from different suppliers ?
Reading — Keep a log of what you read and when you read it .
How much of your reading is for enjoyment versus work ?
What are your reading preferences ?
Format ( books , ebooks , magazines ) ?
Genre ( e.g. , nonfiction , science fiction , religion , mystery , romance ) ?
Are there differences in how fast you read different genre or formats ?
— Keep a log of what you read and when you read it .
How much of your reading is for enjoyment versus work ?
What are your reading preferences ?
Format ( books , ebooks , magazines ) ?
Genre ( e.g. , nonfiction , science fiction , religion , mystery , romance ) ?
Are there differences in how fast you read different genre or formats ?
Music — Build a database of music ; music you like and music you do n’t like .
Include variables like genre , length , artist , year released , theme of lyrics , instruments , time , key , and so on .
Set up a rating scale for each song as the dependent variables and see if you can find patterns that explain why you like or dislike the music that you do .
Extend your findings to artists you have n’t listened to before .
You may even find something unexpected , like Prisencolinensinainciusol .
Kids and Other Pets
If you have a youngster in the family , start early recording height ( length ) and weight .
Do n’t just make marks on a doorframe ; set up a spreadsheet to organize your data .
Do this daily for a few months .
How much variation in height and weight occurs from day to day ?
Is the variation natural or attributable to how you measure the variables ?
Graph the data over time .
Are there changes in growth rates ?
How do the height and weight compare to standards for the age and species ?
How much can you change the frequency of data collection without losing the resolution you need to see changes ?
Medical Conditions
If you have any chronic medical condition , start collecting relevant data using equipment you can find at most drug stores .
For example , you might record your weight , heart rate , blood glucose , blood pressure , and temperature .
Be sure to note the date and time of each measurement .
You can also record qualitative variables like what and when you ate , how you feel , what exercise you did , and so on .
Put the data in a graph and show your Doctor on your next visit .
She or he may be impressed enough to prescribe you some medical marijuana .
Sports
No matter how you like sports — professional , amateur , personal , or fantasy — you ’ll always be served a side dish of statistics .
Relish the experience by analyzing data in ways no one else has .
Google sabermetrics to see what I mean .
Figure out what baseball player is paid the most per hit .
What basketball player scores the most points per minute played ?
Is there a relationship between height and the number of catches a receiver makes ?
You can find data for almost every sport imaginable on the Internet , no vuvuzela needed .
Politics
Do n’t get me going on politics .
Suffice it to say that you could spend a lifetime and not analyze all the data that is currently available for free from government web sites .
If you come up with anything good , write a blog about it .
Most political blogs are fanatical fluff made of anti-data .
Annihilate them with a real analysis .
Read more about using statistics at the Stats with Cats blog .
Join other fans at the Stats with Cats Facebook group and the Stats with Cats Facebook page .
Order Stats with Cats : The Domesticated Guide to Statistics , Models , Graphs , and Other Breeds of Data Analysis at Wheatmark , amazon.com , barnesandnoble.com , or other online booksellers .
This is a family newspaper , so you must supply your own jokes here .
But once we stop laughing , we must remember that culture wars are called wars for a reason .
For all the farcical shenanigans they can generate , they do inflict real casualties — both at the micro level , on the lives of ordinary people , and at the national level , where , as we ’re seeing right now , a Supreme Court nominee ’s entire record can be reduced to a poisonous and distorted debate over her stand on the single culture - war issue of “ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ”
Image
Rekers is no bit player in these wars .
Though he ’s not a household name , he should be .
He ’s the Zelig of homophobia , having played a significant role in many of the ugliest assaults on gay people and their civil rights over the last three decades .
His public career dates back to his authorship of a theoretically scholarly 1982 tome titled “ Growing Up Straight : What Families Should Know About Homosexuality . ”
( I say theoretically because many of the footnotes cite his own previous writings . )
And what did Rekers think that families should know ?
By Chapter 2 , he is citing the cautionary tale of how one teacher ’s “ secret homosexual lifestyle most likely led to his murder . ”
Rekers soon went on to become a co-founder with James Dobson of the Family Research Council , a major , if not the major , activist organization of the religious right as well as a power broker in the Republican Party .
When the Miami scandal broke , the council ’s current president , Tony Perkins , quickly tried to distance himself , claiming that he had to review “ historical records ” to verify who Rekers was and that his organization had “ no contact ” with him or “ knowledge of his activities ” for over a decade .
That historical record is hardly as obscure as Perkins maintained .
Rachel Maddow of MSNBC found that only weeks before Rekers ’s excellent European adventure , his name appeared on the masthead of an official - looking letter sent to some 14,000 school superintendents nationwide informing them that homosexuality is a choice that can be stamped out by therapy .
The letter was from the “ American College of Pediatricians ” — a misnomer for what is actually a political organization peddling homophobic junk - science .
Rekers was also on the board of another notorious peddler of gay “ cures ” — the National Association for Research and Therapy on Homosexuality , or Narth — until he resigned last week .
Such groups have done nothing to stop homosexuality but plenty to help promote punitive “ treatment ” and suicidal depression among untold numbers of gay youths .
Adults Only , Please Child - Free Zone in Berlin Café Raises Eyebrows
First it was smokers , now it is children .
A Berlin café has excited debate by establishing a no-child section .
For a nation with a low birth rate that is trying to encourage its citizens to have more babies , such an anti-child policy is cause for concern .
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n’t like to give in easily .
When he is not writing or speaking at a conference , he ’s most probably running … More about Vitaly Friedman …
50 Powerful Time - Savers For Web Designers
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
useful time - savers for web designers .
You may want to Being a web designer is not easy .
Not only do we need to have a good understanding about visual design , typography , information architecture , psychology and a plethora of other disciplines ; in our work , we need to take care of so many details , so that our job becomes more and more time - consuming , requiring dozens of tools , attention span and an effective workflow for beautiful , timely and functional results .
And this is where small time - savers become handy .
Be it a handy checklist , batch installer , dummy image generator or converter from Excel spreadsheet to HTML — all these things can save us a couple of minutes every day , making our work easier and more efficient .
And this is why we keep collecting them for Smashing Magazine ’s readers .
Whether you like lists or not : this one will probably help you find those little nuggets out there that will help you avoid headaches and stress .
Below we present .
You may want to subcribe to Smashing Magazine ’s E - Mail Newsletter ( 32,600 subscribers ) to keep updated about new useful tools , techniques and resources .
The newsletter is sent out once every two weeks .
Being a web designer is not easy .
Not only do we need to have a good understanding about visual design , typography , information architecture , psychology and a plethora of other disciplines ; in our work , we need to take care of so many details , so that our job becomes more and more time - consuming , requiring dozens of tools , attention span and an effective workflow for beautiful , timely and functional results .
And this is where small time - savers become handy .
Be it a handy checklist , batch installer , dummy image generator or converter from Excel spreadsheet to HTML — all these things can save us a couple of minutes every day , making our work easier and more efficient .
And this is why we keep collecting them for Smashing Magazine ’s readers .
Whether you like lists or not : this one will probably help you find those little nuggets out there that will help you avoid headaches and stress .
Below we present useful time - savers for web designers .
Also consider the following Smashing Magazine articles :
Time - Savers For Web Designers
LaunchList
This tool helps you review important items before the big launch .
By default , the tool provides 28 items to be checked , but it also allows you to add custom items to the list .
Each item can be commented on or crossed out .
Once you ’re done , you can send the report along with project ’s details to multiple recipients via email .
Alternatives : Ultimate Website Launch Checklist and Paul Boag ’s The Ultimate Website Prelaunch Checklist .
Pencil Project : Sketching and Prototyping with Firefox Pencil is an open source GUI prototyping tool .
It contains built - in stencils for diagrams and prototyping , on - screen text editing with rich text support as well as standard drawing operations .
Works in Firefox 3.5 +.
Zootool Zootool is a bookmarking website and tool for collecting images , documents , links and videos from anywhere on the Web .
A bookmarklet allows you to collect items quickly and easily .
You can then tag and organize your saved items in Zootool ’s back end .
You can also integrate Zootool with Tumblr , Twitter , Delicious and FriendFeed to share what you find .
Screenshot via MacStories .
Bounce A fun and easy way to share ideas on a website .
The tool allows you to make notes , write feedback in an overlay of every site and then share your notes with friends .
Ninite Batch Installer Ninite lets you pick your favorite software from among an extensive list ( Web browsers , messaging , media , images , documents , security , runtimes , file sharing , utilities , compression , developer tools and more ) , creates a batch installer for them and then installs them for you automatically .
Alternative : Allmyapps allows you to bundle your favourite applications , install them in a single click and reinstall them whenever you need to .
Support Details
When in doubt , send your customers to this tool .
Their data will be automatically read out of the browser ( including Flash version , operating system , cookies , JavaScript status , screen resolution , browser size and more ) and can be copied , sent directly to you via email or saved .
MugTug ’s Darkroom
When you need to modify a picture but do n’t have your favorite software on hand , you can use the all - in - one image processor MugTug ’s Darkroom which was created for photographers .
You are able to adjust levels , white balance , exposure , contrast and saturation and apply a few photographic effects .
In addition , Darkroom allows to upload pictures from Picasa and Flickr .
Alternatives : Pixlr and Sumo Paint .
Visual Website Optimizer Visual Website Optimizer is undoubtedly the best A/B , split and multivariate testing software ever created by mankind .
Keyonary
This site a nice little application for finding shortcuts in Mac OS X , Photoshop and so on .
Currently , more than 250 Photoshop shortcuts have been added .
Simply type the name of application in the search box , and it spits out a long shortcut list .
gridr buildrrr
This generators allows you to choose the grid for your layout and preview it online .
Instant Blueprint - Create a web project framework in seconds .
Instant Blueprint allows you to quickly create a web project framework with valid HTML / XHTML and CSS in only a matter of seconds , allowing you to get your project up and running faster !
Hummingbird Hummingbird lets you see how visitors are interacting with your website in real time .
Hummingbird is built on top of Node.js , a new javascript web toolkit that can handle large amounts of traffic and many concurrent users .
jsFiddle Online Editor for the Web , with support of JavaScript , MooTools , jQuery , Prototype , YUI , Glow and Dojo , HTML and CSS .
The tool lets you save and run your applications within the web browser .
String : create a multi-language website or app Essentially , String is a version control for localization .
This tool allows you to manage your language files - from PHP to PO to Rails to iPhone apps .
You can invite users to translate your content , and keep track of changes .
You can add new sections and languages as you go and then download your updated language files and place them in your app .
Titanpad
This tool allows you to edit documents simultaneously with other users , highlighting each user ’s edits in a different color .
Editing is done in true real time .
Nice solution for everybody who works collaboratively on text documents , whether in the same office or on the other side of the world .
Pixelnovel Timeline : Version Control for Adobe Photoshop
This tool basically integrates a Subversion client in Adobe Photoshop with an Adobe Photoshop plug - in .
You can preview versions right in Photoshop and manage version control directly from Photoshop .
Not free .
0to255 A simple tool that helps web designers find variations of any color .
Simply pick the color that you want to start with and 0to255 gives you a range of colors from black to white using an interval optimized for web design .
Then , just click the variation you want to use and the hex code is automatically copied to your clipboard .
Load Impact : Website load / stress test
The tool lets you find out the performance limits of your website before you learn the hard way .
It is an online service that simulates users accessing your site and creates test report graphs to find out how many users your site could handle .
Ideone : Online IDE & Debugging Tool
This tool is an online compiler and debugging tool which allows to compile and run code online in more than 40 programming languages , among them C++ , Java , JavaScript , Perl , PHP , Python and Ruby .
Nice alternatives online : PHP Anywhere ( online PHP editor ) and CodeRun ( allows you to develop , test and debug ASP.
NET , PHP and Ajax applications online ) .
Online Dummy Image Generator
This online tool generates dummy images for you site : you can specify size , background and foreground colors , image format and add custom text .
You can also use shortcuts for several standard dimensions including ad sizes ( mediumrectangle , skyscarper , leaderboard etc. ) , screen resolution sizes and video standards ( ntsc , pal , hd720 , hd1080 ) .
HiFi RegExp Tool Regular expressions can be a pain .
The HiFi RegExp tool is 100 % JavaScript using jQuery .
This tool was created to help developers learn , practice , and compose regular expressions .
Tableizer Clients often provide data in spreadsheet form , and reformatting it into HTML can be a real pain .
This tool generates HTML tables out of spreadsheet data .
Just copy and paste the cells from your spreadsheet , choose your options ( font , font size and header color ) and you have a properly formatted HTML table for your data .
FollowUpThen : Easy Email Reminder
If you do n’t mind sending your e-mails to a third - party , try this tool for easy email reminders .
On your next email just include time-interval@followupthen.com and the tool will follow up after the time interval you specify .
No account is required .
Divine : Conversion tool from PSD to HTML
Divine is a plug - in that sits on top of Photoshop .
Once you ’ve finished designing in Photoshop , launch Divine plug - in in Photoshop , assign WordPress roles to the main elements ( e.g. # footer , # header , etc. ) , and then the plug - in will prepare all the files you need .
Once you set FTP access , the tool uploads the theme automatically to your server .
Absolutely free .
Kaleido
This tool allows you to create meaningful visuals for code and can be used to plan , organize and navigate code in a more intuitive way .
Sketchpad
This application is a powerful online image editor .
Its tools are organized in handy , draggable boxes that can be positioned very much as you would see in traditional image - editing applications .
Unicode code converter
Type or paste text in any of the green or grey shaded boxes and click on the button Convert button above it .
Alternative representations will appear in all the other boxes .
You can then cut and paste the results into your document .
Grid System Generator
This tool generates grid systems in valid css / xhtml for rapid prototyping , development and production environments .
The grid system generators offer the ability to customize the width , no. of columns and margin(s ) to allow more flexibility for various designs .
ud.com namecheck
The tool checks availability of social usernames , domain names and trademarks .
Typograph - Scale & Rhythm
A useful tool for testing typographic scale and rhythm .
It lets you set factors such as the typographic scale ( traditional , 3:5 Fibonacci , Le Corbusier , etc. ) , the font size in percentage , line height , the layout , padding and the line height for h1 , h2 and h3 headings .
ColorBrewer Intro - Selecting Good Color Schemes for Maps ColorBrewer is an online tool designed to help people select good color schemes for maps and other graphics .
CSS Inliner Tool
If you ’ve ever sent an email campaign , you know that if your CSS is not coded inline , it is likely to get stripped out by email clients , which can make your email design pretty funky looking .
Writing CSS inline can be time consuming , and repetitive .
MailChimp has a CSS inline conversion tool built right in that will automatically transform all of your local styles into inline styles .
Designers have found it so useful , we thought we ’d share it with everyone else - even if you do n’t have a MailChimp account .
HTML Purifier - Filter your HTML the standards - compliant way !
HTML Purifier is a standards - compliant HTML filter library written in PHP .
HTML Purifier removes malicious code ( better known as XSS ) and make sure your documents are standards compliant .
Rendera Rendera helps you learn HTML5 and CSS .
Type in your HTML code and see it rendered in real - time .
Then style it with CSS .
You can use any of the HTML 5 or CSS3 tags your browser supports .
The tool supports HAML and SASS , too .
RegExr
An intuitive tool for learning , writing , and testing Regular Expressions .
try ruby !
( in your browser )
This tool allows you to try out Ruby code in the prompt command line online .
It supports Ruby ’s built - in methods , and contains a step - by - step tutorial for Ruby newbies .
Google Command Line GoogleCL is a command - line utility that provides access to various Google services .
It streamlines tasks such as posting to a Blogger blog , adding events to Calendar , or editing documents on Google Docs .
Tiny Fluid Grid
Simple tool that generates code for fluid grid - based layouts .
Fonolo.com
This online tool lets you skip the phone menus for hundreds of companies and makes it less frustrating to call large companies .
For business owners , Fonolo allows your customers to actually see your phone menu options , before they call you .
Producteev : Creating To - Do Lists with Emails Forward your important emails to task@producteev.com and the tool will create to - do lists on the fly and send you alerts when needed .
It can be integrated in E- mails , IM , Web , iPhone , Gmail , Google Calendar etc .
AddUse - User research made easy AddUse is a web based tool that helps you create , manage and present your user research in a simple , easy to use and cost efficient way .
It ’s a tool to use at any given moment in your development process .
It presents the results from your user tests , surveys and questionnaires in a graphical way , efficiently helping engineering , marketing and management groups make the right decisions .
bookwhen Online registration for events , workshops , classes and courses .
The free version allows for 150 events with 300 bookings per month .
see [ Mike ] code : tool for remote coding interview
This simple tool lets you conduct a short coding interview remotely : it creates a disposable page for the job candidate and allows you to discover people who struggle to code on big or small problems .
jsdo.it
This tool allows you to write code your browser , fork and modify any code , fix bugs and add features and also ask the community about your problems .
JavaScript Error Tracking
The service tracks JavaScript errors that occur on your site and provides you with a stack trace to help you debug .
Similar errors are grouped together .
Old Version Old Version has exactly that , the older version of some of your favorite programs .
Why ?
Because newer is not always better .
Sometimes the newer versions cause conflicts .
This way , you can always go back to the older version that worked for you .
Onbile Onbile is a free platform for creating and managing your Mobile Website version for iPhone , Android and Blackberry users
Free Bookkeeping , Accounting , & Tax Services ; Self Employment & Freelance Success
Easily import from online accounts to put your bookkeeping on autopilot and prepare taxes .
Get up - to - date reports that give you visibility into your P&L , income , and expenses .
i Sendr iSendr lets you send files to your friends directly , without uploading to a server .
seekWP WordPress documentation search engine .
speedtracer Speed Tracer is a tool to help you identify and fix performance problems in your web applications .
It visualizes metrics that are taken from low level instrumentation points inside of the browser and analyzes them as your application runs .
Speed Tracer is available as a Chrome extension and works on all platforms where extensions are currently supported ( Windows and Linux ) .
the Awesome Highlighter
This tool lets you highlight text on web pages and then gives you a small link to the highlighted page .
OpenWith.org
This page provides detailed information about most file extension and links to free programs that can open and create each type of file .
Last Click
Kuku Klok
Online alarm clock and wake - up call for those of us who often work too much and fall asleep in front of the screen .
Open the website , select the desired alarm time and set your favorite wake - up call .
Keep the browser tab open .
Happily , this online alarm clock works even if your Internet connection goes down .
The available sounds are “ Classic Clock , ” “ Electronic , ” “ Slayer Guitar , ” “ Military Trumpet ” and “ Cockerel . ”
What the Hex ?
Among the variety of methods of representing color values , some are easier to identify than others .
The hexadecimal system , though , often looks incomprehensible .
If you feel you know colors pretty well , then this is a simple game for you .
All you have to do is match the hexadecimal code ( which is actually a group of three hex numbers : # rrggbb ) with the corresponding color .
Of course , this is easier said than done , but you can adjust the difficulty by displaying between 2 and 48 possible answers .
AddUse - User research made easy AddUse is a web based tool that helps you create , manage and present your user research in a simple , easy to use and cost efficient way .
It ’s a tool to use at any given moment in your development process .
It presents the results from your user tests , surveys and questionnaires in a graphical way , efficiently helping engineering , marketing and management groups make the right decisions .
bookwhen Online registration for events , workshops , classes and courses .
The free version allows for 150 events with 300 bookings per month .
see [ Mike ] code : tool for remote coding interview
This simple tool lets you conduct a short coding interview remotely : it creates a disposable page for the job candidate and allows you to discover people who struggle to code on big or small problems .
jsdo.it
This tool allows you to write code your browser , fork and modify any code , fix bugs and add features and also ask the community about your problems .
JavaScript Error Tracking
The service tracks JavaScript errors that occur on your site and provides you with a stack trace to help you debug .
Similar errors are grouped together .
Old Version Old Version has exactly that , the older version of some of your favorite programs .
Why ?
Because newer is not always better .
Sometimes the newer versions cause conflicts .
This way , you can always go back to the older version that worked for you .
Onbile Onbile is a free platform for creating and managing your Mobile Website version for iPhone , Android and Blackberry users
Free Bookkeeping , Accounting , & Tax Services ; Self Employment & Freelance Success
Easily import from online accounts to put your bookkeeping on autopilot and prepare taxes .
Get up - to - date reports that give you visibility into your P&L , income , and expenses .
i Sendr iSendr lets you send files to your friends directly , without uploading to a server .
seekWP WordPress documentation search engine .
speedtracer Speed Tracer is a tool to help you identify and fix performance problems in your web applications .
It visualizes metrics that are taken from low level instrumentation points inside of the browser and analyzes them as your application runs .
Speed Tracer is available as a Chrome extension and works on all platforms where extensions are currently supported ( Windows and Linux ) .
the Awesome Highlighter
This tool lets you highlight text on web pages and then gives you a small link to the highlighted page .
OpenWith.org
This page provides detailed information about most file extension and links to free programs that can open and create each type of file .
Last Click
Kuku Klok
Online alarm clock and wake - up call for those of us who often work too much and fall asleep in front of the screen .
Open the website , select the desired alarm time and set your favorite wake - up call .
Keep the browser tab open .
Happily , this online alarm clock works even if your Internet connection goes down .
The available sounds are “ Classic Clock , ” “ Electronic , ” “ Slayer Guitar , ” “ Military Trumpet ” and “ Cockerel . ”
What the Hex ?
Among the variety of methods of representing color values , some are easier to identify than others .
The hexadecimal system , though , often looks incomprehensible .
If you feel you know colors pretty well , then this is a simple game for you .
All you have to do is match the hexadecimal code ( which is actually a group of three hex numbers : # rrggbb ) with the corresponding color .
Of course , this is easier said than done , but you can adjust the difficulty by displaying between 2 and 48 possible answers .
Would you like to see more similar round - ups on Smashing Magazine ?
Would you like to see more similar round - ups on SmashingMag ?
Market Research
Related Posts
You may be interested in the following related posts :
Mansory Porsche Panamera Turbo – Click above for high - res image gallery
Enough is enough here , people .
Sure , Mansory has given us a couple of lookers , like the Bugatti Veyron Vincero and the Aston Martin Cyrus .
But there is n't enough carbon fiber in the world to make up for some of its more questionable lapses in judgment .
We 're talking here about the Pepto - pink Bentley , the gilded Rolls , and this latest Porsche Panamera
Now the renderings which Mansory released back in October did n't look bad , per se .
At least not in relation to the unfortunately - shaped vehicle on which it is based .
But somewhere along the line from conception to realization , all measure of good taste appears to have gone right out the window .
One of the many windows , anyway .
It 's hard to argue with what Mansory has done under that long front hood .
After all , what 's not to like about boosting the Turbo 's output from 500 horsepower all the way up to 690 ?
The claimed four - second 0 - 62 sprint is hard to find fault with too .
But they 've lost us after that .
The exterior has been fitted with an outlandish carbon fiber body kit , including front skirt , hood , LED running lights , wheel arches , side skirts , diffuser and rear wing .
And those specially - designed wheels , of course .
But if you can't stand the sight of the garish bodywork , do n't even dare check out the custom interior with its Polo - Sport - on - acid two - tone leather upholstery .
If you 're a glutton for punishment , though , you can check it all out in the gallery below .
Just do n't say we did n't warn you .
The Easter Island effect
Our two choices
Can humanity save itself ?
What may be coming in the next few years
The corporate greed machine
The thought experiment - SimEarth
The population problem no one dares speak of
( NaturalNews )
Protecting the environment is n't a " liberal " idea ; it 's everybody 's business .
Liberal or conservative , Democrat or Republican , the environment provides life support for us all , and if we fail to recognize that , we are truly doomed as a civilization .
To help explain this , I 've put together a simple thought experiment .
It begins withabout humans and the environment :
This should be self - evidence , but some people still do n't get it .
The Earth 's resources -- oil , forests , water , energy , and so on -- are finite .
They do not exist in infinite quantities .
If they did , they would obviously be larger than the Earth itself ( and would , in fact , fill the universe ) .
But they do n't fill the universe .
They are containedthe boundaries of planet Earth , and therefore they are limited .
Of course , many of Earth 's resources can be eitheror , but that only happens over time -- usually a long time .
In the case of oil , it 's hundreds of thousands of years .
For fossil water it 's much the same .
The rate at which modern human civilization is using up these resources is orders of magnitude faster than the rate at which they can be naturally regenerated .
This holds true for oil , water , topsoil , forests and more .
This should also be self - evident : People consume resources .
When you drive your car , you 're obviously consuming limited natural resources .
When youa car , you 're consuming many other natural resources ( all the elements that went into making a car ) , too .
This is true even when you buy a solar panel .
Every time you turn on a light switch , or open a package of food , or swallow a piece of food , you are consuming some amount of the Earth 's limited resources .
The sum of your consumption is called your " ecological footprint , " and your ecological footprint is much larger than the immediate space you might call your home .
The things you consume in your home require the resources of a much larger area far outside your home .
human child born in America today , for example , will consume 45,000 pounds of metal in their lifetime ( through the products they purchase ) .
That 's 45,000 pounds of metal that must be mined , processed , transported and manufactured into consumable products , and metal mining is a very dirty business , by the way , even if that metal goes into making clean energy devices such as wind turbines .
You can't argue with this ( although some people ridiculously try ) .
Human activity is altering our environment in a huge way , from the massive deforestation of the planet to the release of gases into the atmosphere .
We 've poisoned the rivers , destroyed natural habitat , polluted the oceans ( Gulf of Mexico , anyone ? ) and altered the chemical composition of the atmosphere ..
No sane person can reasonably argue that human beings have not radically altered the environment of our planet over the last 200 years .
If you visited North America 200 years ago , for example , you would n't even have recognized it as the same continent dominated by human beings today .
A few hundred years ago , North America was teeming with life , with huge old - growth forests , pristine rivers and abundant plains .
Today it is relatively dead , having been over - developed , over - paved and over - population to a point so extreme that our ancestors would largely consider it " dead " .
This is also self - evidence : People like to procreate .
Every family , it seems , wants children , and those children want their own children , too .
In general , .
This , of course , leads to an explosion in population growth .
We 've seen this explosion over the last two hundred years as the Earth 's population has grown from less than one billion people in 1800 to nearly seven billion today .
Human beings do not consider their impact on the global population when they procreate .
The decision to have children is made privately , selfishly , without regard to the impact on the planet .
One more child seems like no big deal from the point of view of a couple that wishes for another son or daughter , but multiplied by billions , these decisions to procreatelead to overpopulation , which leads to over - consumption of the planet 's limited resources .
Now let 's work our little thought experiment .
Given the four simple truths described above , it is only a matter of time before the continued procreation of human beings collides with the reality of limited resources , causing aAt some point , in other words , the continued expansion of human beings will destroy so much of the natural environment ( and use so many natural resources ) thatI call this the " Easter Island effect , " in reference to the way in which the natives of Easter Island chopped down all their trees to build ever - larger monuments to themselves , and in doing so they destroyed their entire ecosystem and soon perished .
The entire human civilization is now pulling an Easter Island on a global scale .
Given that the unlimited expansion of the human population must inevitably use up key resources required to sustain human life , it stands to reason that there are only two choices for how we human beings can choose to deal with the situation : -
We can acknowledge the ecological impact of human beings on our planet and make conscious choices to live within the bounds of sustainable balance with our planet ( i.e. keeping our population size relatively stable by limiting runaway population growth , reducing our ecological footprint , respecting the natural environment that supports life on our planet , etc . ) .-
We can continue our mindless population expansion and resource exploitation while ignoring any long - term consequences . , and yet it is precisely the path that modern human civilization is now choosing .
It also seems to be the chosen path of " anti-environmentalists " -- people who resist the idea that we need to protect the environment at all .
Sadly , human civilization has decided to go with choice # 2..
Population expansion and resource depletion will soon collide with the limitations of our planet and result in a cataclysmic collapse of our civilization .
We human beings are pulling off the Easter Island scenario , but with more than just trees :
We 're doing it with oil , water , soil and habitat .
We are destroying the only planet that can keep us alive , and there now appears to be no stopping this self - destructive tendency of the human species .
I have personally seen no evidence that the current human species is capable of long - term , sustainable balance with any ecosystem .
It lacks the intelligent foresight necessary to anticipate such outcomes and make adjustments well in advance of them coming true .
Some people among us even argue against environmental protection , not realizing they are essentially arguing for their own self - destruction .
Other who are more thoughtful argue only against the fear of a world government enforcing environmental regulations at the expense of losing personal freedoms .
This is a legitimate concern , and I happen to agree with these concerns .
" Protecting the environment " can all too easily become a slippery mantra for world domination over individual freedom .
The best way to avoid losing freedom while saving our environment is throughthat urges people to make better decisions without turning them into criminals if they fail to make those decisions .
Saving human civilization from its own ignorance is no easy task .
It will require intelligent , forward - thinking business leaders who see the long - term picture and who genuinely care about the future .
Yet sadly , .
Business leaders are , by definition , focused on the next fiscal quarter , not the next century .
They will ALWAYS mortgage our collective future to increase their immediate profits .
There is almost no such thing as a successful business person who is simultaneously an effective steward of our planet 's natural resources .
The simple act of generating more business -- in any business -- always results in more consumption because our entire economic system is based on consumption .
It 's even true about internet businesses , by the way .
Every bit and byte you consume over the internet has an indirect environmental cost due to the electricity consumption of the CPUs delivering that content to you as well as , more importantly , the enormous cooling demand in data centers that spend fortunes just cooling all the computers running there .
The fact that our economic activity is fundamentally based on consumption rather than conservation demonstrates
After seeing the failure of so many environmental summits , I 'm convinced of it .
I do n't see any possible way that human beings will suddenly gain the intelligence and foresight necessary to live in balance with our natural world .
Not without a crisis to teach everybody a few lessons , anyway .
But even the Gulf Coast disaster is n't fundamentally changing the way business leaders think about consumption .
They think it 's just an " oil problem " not a global problem with the business models that drive our world into a self - destructive cycle of mindless consumption .
When the population continues to expand and most of the world 's resources are wiped out , the human population will plunge into a time of great darkness .
The loss of life will be immense -- perhaps as much as a 90 % reduction in the planetary population .
Ecosystems will fail , crops will fail and civilization itself will be brought to its knees .
It wo n't take much to crash the current global system .
Once the power grid is down for as little as 5 days , there 's almost no bringing civilization back -- at least not modern civilization as we know it .
Once the population is drastically reduced , the natural environment will have a chance to recover .
Plants and animals will re-populate areas once lost to high - density human populations .
And once the abundance returns , humans will again have the abundance necessary to re-populate , too .
Hopefully future generations of human beings will learn from our present mistakes and not pursue the same path we did -- the path of endless consumption of the planet 's resources to the point of destruction .
On a long time scale , you will likely see human population rising , then crashing , then rising again from the ashes of a collapsed civilization .
This is the ebb and flow of the future of life on Earth .
You might even call it a " natural " cycle of human population expansion , then collapse , followed by expansion and yet more collapse .
It 's very similar to the way a virus invades a human body and multiplies until it kills the very host that once gave it life .
In terms of big - picture behavior , humans are much like a virus on our planet .
This cycle of destruction and rebirth could be balanced out , though , by a sufficiently intelligent species gifted with sufficient foresight to see what 's coming and make early adjustments to avoid the population collapse .
Our current human species , sadly , is not sufficiently intelligent to do so .
I had n't really accepted this outcome as reality until just recently .
I 've always maintained a more optimistic attitude , thinking that we could find innovative ways to reverse climate change , reduce consumption , educate people and invent new technologies to clean up the planetary messes we 've made .
But I can now see that we 're up against corporate monsters that are relentlessly pushing for our collective destruction .
They 're destroying our seeds and genes ( for profit , no less ) , our soils , rivers , oceans and lands .
They 're corrupting our minds with pro-business propaganda and our bodies with their chemicals poisons .
And they absolutely will not stop until every last exploitable resource on the planet has been used up and sold to a consumer .
When our world is dominated by Monsanto , DuPont , oil companies , pharmaceutical companies , weapons manufacturers , junk food giants and chemical companies , there 's not much hope for meaningful change that could set humanity on a new course of conservation and protection of life .
Sadly , there is no stopping the great corporate greed machine .
It will keep rolling forward , aiming for more growth , more consumption and more exploitation until the very last drop of oil is squeezed out of the tar sands and every last tree is slashed to make room for cattle ranching .
because the two concepts are opposites .
Big Business depends on endless growth , expansion , exploitation and consumption .
But the environment can only be protected by consuming less .
And that 's not even in the vocabulary of today 's business executives .
The idea ofis the antithesis of corporate profit and expansion .
Have you ever seen a Coca - Cola ad that urged you to " drink less Coke " ?
That 's why as long as corporations rule our world ( and make no mistake , they already do ) , there is no saving the environment .
Ergo , there is no saving ourselves from a complete civilization blowout that will eventually see the near - destruction of our natural world ... with the collapse of the human population to soon follow .
Imagine you 're playing a software game called SimEarth .
( Such a game actually exists , I believe , but I 'm not referring to any real game .
This is a fictional exercise . )
In this SimEarth game , you get 1 point for every year that one human being is alive on planet Earth .
The simulation runs for 1000 years and begins in the year we know as 1500 A.D.
In the game , just as in the real world , the survival of human beings depends on the people having access to food , water , shelter , safety and other essentials .
When the game begins , you have a blank slate SimEarth planet with enormous untapped resources of fossil oil , fossil water , old - growth forests , abundant ocean life and incredible biodiversity on land and sea .
The human population is relatively small , perhaps only a few million people .
As the game progresses and the years tick by , you start earning more and more points by allowing the human population to multiply .
At one point , you turn on the invention of the combustion engine coupled with the discovery of oil , and then things really begin to accelerate :
Food production suddenly multiplies , making food resources incredibly cheap and abundant , leading to a population explosion .
As the points keep racking up , you watch as your SimEarth world becomes increasingly taken over by humans .
The old growth forests are cut down and replaced with farm lands and cattle ranches .
The once - abundant populations of wild animals are replaced by concrete highways and housing developments .
Fossil water supplies drop sharply and oil drilling rigs pump out a heavy portion of the planet 's remaining oil resources .
Your points are really accelerating now as you watch the human population blow past four billion people , then five , and then six .
At that point , on - screen statistics begin to flash red , warning you that world 's oil , water , food , soil and ocean health are all reaching critical levels of deficiency .
Although you 're earning big points from all the human activity , the environmental cost of supporting all those people is now threatening the ecological stability of the planetary ecosystem .
It is at this point you realize that , to beat the high score , you need to keep your human population alive at some level for the next 500 years , and yet the planet 's resources are running out , reaching depletion in just 50 years or less .
What should you do ?
You decide to just watch and see what happens .
With your eyes fixated on the screen , the years tick past .
Twenty - five years further into the simulation , the oil runs out , thrusting your simulated societies into an energy crisis .
Without cheap , plentiful oil , food production grinds to a halt .
Mass starvation takes hold in just one year , leading to disease and the unleashing of a global pandemic .
Over the next five years , the human population suffers a massive , catastrophic die - off , plummeting to less than a billion people .
Your once - awesome score now looks pitiful : Human civilization crashed and you 'll never win the simulation now .
Game over .
This is the outcome facing modern human civilization ....
The possibility is very real .
Unless something drastic is done to find a balance between human consumption ( which is directly tied to population ) and the natural environment that supports us all , our population is going to crash , too .
It is a simple matter of biology .
There 's no way around this sobering thought : .
There are too many people consuming too much stuff .
It can not be sustained -- especially not at the very high rates of consumption our western world has grown used to .
To solve this dilemma , you can either reduce the population over time ( through one - child policies , for example ) or reduce consumption ( through a variety of means ) , but you 've got to do something .
In no way do I support the idea of a one - child policy , by the way .
I do n't support government intervention in our private lives , and I do n't support governments mandating personal limits on our carbon consumption .
But then again , if something radical does n't change , it 's fairly obvious that the human population is simply going to keep expanding until key resources are all dried up .
And that , of course , will result in a devastating crash of the human population .
So there you have it : followed by a sharp population crash .
The only thing that can really stop it is forced government population control , a global pandemic , or some other widespread disaster that kills off a huge percentage of the world population .
None of these seem particularly desirable .
Or , perhaps , the world could be saved with a sudden burst of global education that teaches people to think about the long - term consequences of their own actions , but I 'm not betting on that happening anytime soon .
Even really smart people in first - world nations still burn up oil and use up resources as if there were no consequences .
Education alone cannot save human civilization from destroying itself .
Smart people are not necessarily ecologically - aware people .
In fact , you could argue that the most highly - educated people on the planet are precisely those who are consuming the greatest natural resources .
( Poor , uneducated populations do n't consume much for the simple reason that they cannot afford to . )
There 's no way around it :
We are on a track headed straight for our own destruction .
A planet - wide collapse is coming sometime this century .
If you think I 'm wrong , I 'd like to hear from you .
I hope I 'm wrong , and I 'm looking for a reasoned argument that can offer a solution to our population problem -- preferably without resorting to government - run population control initiatives or forced one - child policies .
Seriously : How can the human species now save itself from its own destruction ?
Eventechnologies are n't the answer , as they do n't solve the problems of running out of fossil water , topsoil , natural habitat or rare earth metals used in industrial processes .
Free energy will only cause the human population to explode even more rapidly , worsening the current problem of over - population .
I challenge every person reading this to .
Run the numbers yourself .
Look at the limited resources on our planet and compare them with the per-capita consumption facts associated with modern - day consumers .
Then consider what happens when the population keeps expanding ... and add to that the desire for poorer nations to " achieve " the consumption rates of first - world nations like the USA .
If you do the math , you 'll quickly see it does n't add up .
The projects all come to a screeching halt in the next hundred years ( if not sooner ) .
The population growth rates still under way lead to a literal dead end , given current rates of consumption .
This may not be a popular topic to write about .
Most people prefer to pretend this problem does n't exist ( much like the U.S. national debt ) .
But it is , in reality , the single largest problem facing the future of human civilization :
How do we find a way to live in balance with our natural environment while sustaining a steady population ... without turning our world into a population control police state ?
I personally cannot think of any acceptable solution to this problem that does not involve some sort of massive population control measure ... and that solution is , itself , unthinkable .
The Anglican Church wants Australians to have fewer children and has urged the federal government to scrap the baby bonus and cut immigration levels .
The General Synod of the Anglican Church has issued a warning that current rates of population growth are unsustainable and potentially out of step with church doctrine - including the eighth commandment '' thou shall not steal ' ' .
In a significant intervention , the Anglican Public Affairs Commission has also warned concerned Christians that remaining silent '' is little different from supporting further overpopulation and ecological degradation ' ' .
'' Out of care for the whole Creation , particularly the poorest of humanity and the life forms who cannot speak for themselves … it is not responsible to stand by and remain silent , '' a discussion paper by the commission warns .
'' Unless we take account of the needs of future life on Earth , there is a case that we break the eighth commandment - ' Thou shall not steal ' . ''
The discussion paper , prepared in March , claims that federal government financial incentives encouraging childbirth should be scrapped and replaced with improved support for parents , such as leave .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Thursday , May 6 , 2010 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH U Can't Search This Posted by Sean @ 17:19 GMT Wednesday 's Sydney Morning Herald ran a story called The terrors of Twittering : growing up in an unexploded data minefield .
Here 's an excerpt : " Party antics and examples of extreme behaviour posted for fun on Facebook and other social networking sites are set to become ghosts that haunt individuals when they try to get credit , homes or jobs as adults . "
That 's quite true , digital footprints created today may have later consequences .
As the popularity and reach of social networking expands , many are beginning to worry about losing future opportunities due to their digital identities .
Privacy protection is of great concern — but what if you did n't have to work so hard to protect your privacy because you controlled it instead ?
That 's how it works in Finland where employers can't search for personal information .
Finnish employers must ask permission to access somebody 's details online .
All personal information should be provided by the person .
That 's such a novel idea , no ?
The Act on the Protection of Privacy in Working Life ( PDF ) has been on the books since 2004 .
Harvard 's Info / Law blog wrote about it in 2006 .
There exists an expectation of privacy in our daily lives — should n't there be an expectation of privacy in our virtual lives as well ?
Employers and creditors are n't allowed to follow us around , enter our homes and start looking through our photo albums , letters , and drawers .
Why is The Man allowed to enter our digital space without asking first ?
Must we be required to put so much effort in preventing youthful indiscretions from finding their way onto the web ?
Do we even think that 's possible for most of today 's youth ?!?
It 's not .
That 's fighting a lost battle .
People should be able to enjoy the benefits of sharing and openness without the fear of future reprisals .
Personal and professional should be kept separated and individuals should have control over their digital persona .
That requires legal consumer protections .
Finns understand that .
Time for the rest of the world to play catch - up .
Now DH has Rails 3.04 , and this guide should still be valid
20100917 : Rails3 is still broken , I think it could be this Bundler 1.0 bug ( fix ) and the rack bug .
latest working version is Rails3 Beta4 with Bundler 0.9.x , happy hacking !
PLEASE RETWEET THIS !!
After many tutorials and hacks I got my Rails 3 working on Dreamhost too !
The whole setup involve many components but it's a good investiment if you are planning to develop a new Rails app .
The final aim is editing locally your app and sending the new features or fixes incrementally via ssh / Git .
+
Summary
I 'll cover just some nasty parts but here is an overview of my enviroment .
ruby 1.8.7 , rubygems 1.3.7 , bundler , rails 3 , sqlite , capistrano , git and gedit :P
On the shared hosting the environments is slightly different because the web server you must to use is Apache / Passenger , the suggested database is mysql and the text editor available is vim .
Step 1 : You need a working Rails 3 environment on Dreamhost
Something like my past instructions but with gems installed in $ HOME /. gems
You should have something like :
_ ) | _ ) | | | | _ \ | | - _ ) - _ ) |\_, _|_.__/_|_|\___|\___| __/ Welcome to jubilee.dreamhost.com
Any malicious and / or unauthorized activity is strictly forbidden .
All activity may be logged by DreamHost Web Hosting .
Last login : Sat Jun 19 14:14:34 2010 from XX.X1.217.65 [ jubilee ] $ rails -v Rails 3.0.0.beta4
The next command will be rails new myapp and just to be sure test it via webrick with rails s
The environment info available on http://mypublicdomain.com:3000/rails/info/properties should look like :
Ruby version 1.8.7 ( x86_64 - linux ) RubyGems version 1.3.7 Rack version 1.1 Rails version 3.0.0.beta4 Active Record version 3.0.0.beta4 Action Pack version 3.0.0.beta4 Active Resource version 3.0.0.beta4 Action Mailer version 3.0.0.beta4 Active Support version 3.0.0.beta4
Application root /home / < dh_user >/ apps/ myapp/current
Environment development Database adapter sqlite3 Database schema version 0
Do n't abuse of this feature , it 's for testing only .
Dreamhost does n't want you open public ports by yourself .
Step 2 : Set up a git repository the right way and Capistrano
This is the hardest part because it is a bit tangled and it depends how you are going to organize your projects and how complex your setup need to be .
This strategy inspired by Github is very clean but I had to edit some parts to got it working .
A couple of assumptions :
git working copy / home / < dh_user >/ apps / myapp/current git repository / home / < dh_user>/reps/myapp
So go to the git repository path and initialize git in this way :
git init -- bare
Then go to git working copy and clone the git repository ( empty ) , the add inside your rails app files
and install Capistrano
gem install capistrano
Then run capify .
and apply the strategy suggested above with some customizations :
### config/deploy / settings.rb ############################################################# # Servers ############################################################# set :user , 'my - dreamhost - user ' # dreamhost - user ############################################################# # Application ############################################################# set :application , ' myapp ' # use your folder app name set : deploy_to , " /home/#{user}/apps/#{application} " # the live app will be in the " current " subdir set : shared_path , " /home/#{user}/.gems " #use trunk to deploy to production set : branch , " master " set : rails_env , " production " # production set : domain , ' mydomain.com ' # your http://publicdomain.com role :app , domain role : web , domain role : db , domain , : primary => true ############################################################# # Git ############################################################# set :scm , :git set : repository , " /home/#{user}/#{application} " ############################################################# # Includes ############################################################# ############################################################# # Settings ############################################################# default_run_options [ : pty ] = true set : use_sudo , false # before " deploy " , " deploy:check_revision " set : ssh_options , {:forward_agent => true} ############################################################# # Post Deploy Hooks ############################################################# after " deploy:update_code " , " deploy: write_revision " before " deploy : gems " , " deploy: symlink " #after " deploy:update_code " , " deploy : gems " #
You have to run deploy : gems manually after Gemfile changes #after " deploy:update_code " , " deploy: precache_assets " # not working for rails3 yet
and
### config/deploy/callbacks.rb namespace : deploy do desc " expand the gems " task : gems , :roles => : web , : except => { : no_release => true } do run " cd #{current_path} ; #{shared_path}/bin/ bundle unlock " run " cd #{current_path} ; nice - 19 # {shared_path} / bin/ bundle install vendor / " # nice - 19 is very important otherwise DH will kill the process !
run " cd #{current_path} ; #{shared_path} / bin/bundle lock " end end
Then apply the changes to the repo
git add .
git commit - am " my first and last commit from Dreamhost "
Now if everything went OK , you should be able to control your remote setup directly from the local development machine !
Come back to local development machine
remote git repo -> local git repo
git clone ssh://dh-user@mypublicdomain.com /home/dh-user/reps/myapp cd myapp git config receive.denycurrentbranch
Step 3 : Everyday workflow
Edit your code , commit your changes ( locally ) , synchronize the code and restart the ( remote ) server .
local git -> commit locally -> push new changes on remote git repo -> update , synchronize and restart the live app
In few words git commit - am " my new cool feature " && git push && cap deploy && cap deploy : gems # last command just if you updated the Gemfile
That 's all , enjoy and have profit !
THE owners of Manchester United are to pay down their debts by making Rio Ferdinand do a fan dance for some Chinese opium lords .
In a bid to reduce their Â£ 1 bn borrowings the Glazer family is to organise a series of Â£ 100,000 a head banquets in the south of France where the club ’s household names will entertain some of Beijng ’s most powerful fiends and their criminal henchmen .
Sources insist the Glazers want to make full use of their existing assets and will force Ryan Giggs and Owen Hargreaves to go around the table giving head massages and shoulder rubs , while veteran midfielder Paul Scholes will finish his career as a large plate of sausages .
It is understood Ferdinand ’s performance will be the highlight of the evening and the central defender and England international is expected to dance in the middle of the table for up to three hours at a time .
A source said : “ We ’re thinking either Turkish style – silky bra and pants with a veil and some little cymbals on his fingers – or have him in the buff with just of couple of paper fans to cover his unmentionables , And a blonde wig obviously .
“ If it works then we can take it on tour .
Moscow , South America , Thailand – perhaps even a private show for Kim Jong Il .
Rio ‘s up for it .
He says he likes to try new things . ”
The source added : “ At the end of his performance he can then relax with the guests , though at that point he would be under no obligation to do anything he does n’t want to .
â€ œBut I ’m told that if you ’re sufficiently deferential they can be very gentlemanly . ”
Oh yeah baby , Qualcomm 's finally shipping its first dual - core Snapdragons .
To whom , is the big question .
Its third - generation Mobile Station Modem MSM8260 and MSM8660 Snapdragon chipsets for high - end smartphones -- originally announced in February 2009 -- are now sampling and capable of running at up to 1.2GHz .
The MSM8260 supports HSPA + , while the MSM8660 brings support for multi-mode HSPA + and 1xEV - DO Rev. B. Both integrate GPS , a GPU with 2D / 3D acceleration engines for Open GL ES 2.0 and Open VG 1.1 , 1080 p video encoding and decoding , a dedicated low - power audio engine , and support for 24 - bit WXGA 1,280 x 800 pixel displays .
Anybody at Computex care to step forward with a reference design ? :
We just spoke with company representatives here at the show , and try as we may , we could n't convince anyone at the company to show off a dual - core reference design .
We were flat - out told that the only people at Computex getting a glimpse at the new silicon were prospective customers , though we did manage to pry out a few interesting details about the chip itself and the future of the line .
For one , these new chips have two application cores and a single modem core , whereas existing chips have a single application core alongside a single modem core .
We were also told in no uncertain terms that an even quicker version of the Snapdragon would be launched before the year 's end , and as you 'd likely surmise , it 'll be aimed at " larger screen " devices -- you know , like slates and tablet PCs .
[ Image courtesy of Carina Larsson
Image caption Patrick Dolan and Conn Farrell deny conspiracy to defraud
A plot to sell the Ritz Hotel in London was a " simple but well - targeted and ambitious scam " , a court has heard .
Conn Farrell , 57 , Patrick Dolan , 68 , and Anthony Lee , 49 , are accused of trying to sell the landmark hotel in Piccadilly for £ 250m .
The men " sucked in " their carefully chosen victims by offering them false promises of a deal described as " complete fantasy " , Southwark Crown Court was told .
All three deny conspiracy to defraud .
Mr Dolan , of Philip Lane , Tottenham , Mr Farrell , of Cambridge Road , Aldershot , Hampshire , and Mr Lee , of Broad Lane , Goole , East Yorkshire , are accused of defrauding Terence Collins and Marcel Boerkhoorn between January 2006 and March 2007 .
Prosecuting , Anuja Dhir QC told the court the trio " chose their marks well " , targeting people who were interested in the high - stakes world of dealing in trophy properties .
At the trial After a delayed start , nine women and three men were sworn in as jurors in what is expected to be a four - week trial .
In the dock of court number nine , former solicitor Conn Farrell sat in front of his co-defendants , Anthony Lee and Patrick Dolan .
A busy press bench looked on as the lead prosecutor , Anuja Dhir QC , opened her case by describing the Ritz sale " scam " as " simple , but well - targeted and ambitious " .
A long list of witnesses are expected to give evidence over the coming weeks .
Most fascinating , perhaps , will be the Barclay brothers - the famously reclusive and camera - shy owners of the Ritz .
She said : " The prosecution case is that these three defendants were each involved in a simple but well - targeted and ambitious scam .
" They promised their targets something that seemed to be too good to be true - the opportunity to buy the Ritz Hotel and Casino in Piccadilly for the bargain price of £ 250m .
" As the negotiations progressed , they sucked their victims in with more false promises and frustrated them with unnecessary requests until they managed to extract from them a payment of £ 1m . "
Mr Lee and Mr Dolan pretended they had the ability to arrange the sale of The Ritz , while Mr Farrell acted as their solicitor , giving their claims a " veneer of legitimacy " by telling Mr Collins he had the contracts for the sale when he did not , Ms Dhir said .
The trio told their victims they knew the billionaire Barclay brothers , the owners of The Ritz , and could buy the hotel and casino for just £ 200 m .
They claimed they would then sell it on to Mr Collins ' firm , London Allied , for £ 250 m .
Ms Dhir said the deal was " a very attractive proposition " as the offer was more than half of the actual value of the hotel which was between £ 450 m and £ 600 m .
The plot began in 2006 when Mr Dolan asked chartered surveyor Christian Sweeting if he knew of any hotels in London that might be for sale , at which Mr Sweeting said The Ritz could be a potential candidate , the court heard .
Image caption
It is alleged the men were trying to sell the Ritz Hotel for £ 250 m
In 2007 , Mr Dolan and Mr Lee met Mr Sweeting and asked if he would provide them with a letter suggesting the hotel was looking for buyers , but they were told that this would be possible if there was a formal offer .
Mr Lee then met Karen Maguire , a director of a firm which finds properties for private clients , and said he had access to a contract to buy The Ritz for £ 200 m , and planned to make a £ 50 m profit by selling it on .
He also promised to give her a cut of the profit if she found a buyer .
The Ritz sale plot was code - named " Project Notting Hill " .
In October 2006 Mr Farrell told Mr Collins that his clients , the two other defendants , had accepted a higher offer for the Ritz which Ms Dhir said was intended to inject " a sense of urgency and perhaps to ensure that Mr Collins remained keen " .
The trial continues .
You wo n’t catch me on my hands and knees sweeping with an old fashioned duster .
No sir I prefer to use the power of a little wonder called the Roomba but sometimes getting manual is the only way to go and the Brush Can makes it a tad easier to keep up cleaning chores .
The densely packed bristles can magically clean themselves if you pull them thru combed teeth .
Also a perfect way to hold the brush in place .
Brills .
Designer : Hye - Min Jung
It has been claimed by biologists that the brains of females and males are different in obscure ways .
However , physical differences in adults may be due to psychological and sociological pressures on the brains of each gender , because cultures and societies may exaggerate roles and stereotypes , having an impact on brain plasticity .
On top of society ’s role in forming gender identity , we can see in current biological data of brains and their relation to gender identity due to “ molecular and hormonal mechanisms . ”
( Rosario , 276 - 278 )
It has been shown that the structure of brains in Homo sapiens can take on either a male or female form from a variety of factors during critical postnatal periods .
The biology of sexual identity is revealing important data that points to diversity in sexual orientation , leading us to accept that looking at gender in a binary fashion is unacceptable ; gender identity in Homo sapiens is probably much more ambiguous and diverse then we once thought .
( Rosario , 276- 279 )
From this we can conclude that the gender identity listing in the current Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders should be eliminated .
Genetic engineering of the brain will only increase the ambiguity if we choose .
A post - binary - gender society is possible , not only in the future , but it may already be here naturally .
As it turns out neuroscience and genetics is showing how the brains of LGBT people are really ambiguous .
There are more than 20 or 30 ways the brain could be " feminized " or " masculinized " or somewhere in between , in that the brains between men and women are a little different dimorphicly on a macro scale .
( Rosario , 276 - 278 )
There are of course non-controversial differences between genders .
In fact , I just implied one of them : that “ gender ” exists and is a word that describes something , but what does it describe ?
Biologists have identified differences between members of the same species that can increase the likelihood of sexual reproduction , the difference in each species is known as gender or sex , which usually comes in the form of “ male ” and “ female . ”
Sexual dimorphism is used to describe the phenotypical difference between males and females of the same species .
An example of sexual dimorphism in gorillas is the fact that males tend to be twice the size of females .
Homo sapiens however have less distinctive sexual dimorphic characteristics than many other animals .
( Campell , 277 )
Today in the United States we have access to vast amounts of research that has been done on sexual dimorphism , gender identity , and LGBT issues .
Unfortunately many people do not know this , and still discriminate against LGBT people .
Just this year California voted in favor of Prop. 8 marriage , and in the same year the American Psychiatric Association appointed Dr. Kenneth Zucker to the Sexual and Gender Identity Disorder committee of the DSM-V .
This prompted protests immediately after it was released because Dr. Zucker supports the listing and has been known to do research which helps psychiatrists to identify gender disorders in children and help parents to condition their children who are diagnosed with Gender Identity Disorder to go along with their phenotype .
Geneticists are finding genes outside of the X and Y chromosomes that may play a role in gender identity .
They are also finding the results of mutated nucleotide order within the X and Y chromosomes related to gender identity .
There are so many possibilities for a mutation to occur from the moment of conception that many more years of science will be needed to fully understand gender identity .
While the brains of males and females within humans differ slightly , these subtle differences might make all the difference when it comes to gender identity , whether the person is born with normal XX or XY , or abnormal gender chromosomes and genes .
Traditional values of looking at gender in binary fashion grow less and less important as scientists show that gender identity is diverse in nature and is caused by many biological and social conditions .
If one were to look at the pure science of gender identity , it not only appears that a postgender society is possible but it seems we are already living in one .
Campbell , Neil , Jane Reece , Lwarence Mitchell and Martha Taylor .
Biology : Concepts & Connections .
San Francisco : Pearson Education , Inc. , 2003 .
Knickmeyer , Rebecca C. , and Baron - Cohen .
" Fetal Testosterone and Sex Differences in Typical Social Development and in Autism . " Journal of Child Neurology 25 ( 2005 ) : 825-845 .
Kohl , James V. ' The Mind 's Eyes ” Journal of Psychology & Human Sexuality , 18:4 , ( 2007 ) : 313 — 369 .
Rosario , Vernon A. “ Quantum Sex : Intersex and the Molecular Deconstruction of sex .
GLQ : A Journal of Lesbian and Gay Studies Vol 15 ( 2009 ) : 267-284 .
Spitzer , Robert L “ Sexual and Gender Identity Disorders . ” Journal of Psychology & Human Sexuality 17:3 . ( 2006 ) : 111 – 116 .
This is an excerpt from a larger piece .
Zombies have dominated science fiction for years .
But they do n't actually exist , right ?
Wrong .
There are several real - life diseases that could make you act like a zombie .
Advertisement
If we 're going to talk about zombie - like diseases , we first need to decide what the symptoms of being a zombie actually are .
Obviously , the big one - you know , being literally , actually ( un ) dead - is n't something with any real world medical parallels , so we 'll just have to restrict ourselves to diseases that make people act like the walking dead .
That would include traits like rotting or dead flesh , a trance - like state that would rob people of any sign of higher cognitive function , an inability to communicate in anything more than moans and grunts , a slow , shuffling gait , and ( if we 're really lucky ) a taste for human brains , or at the very least the desire to bite people .
Is there a single disease that can do all that ?
Well ... no .
But there are a whole heap of diseases that can do quite a few of those , and that 's plenty terrifying enough .
Indeed , let 's start with the most horrific possibility of them all :
Sleeping sickness
Sleeping sickness is the stuff nightmares are made of .
The headline of this BBC News article from 2005 pretty much says it all : " The disease that makes people zombies . "
Prevalent in Africa , sleeping sickness is caused by the parasite Trypanosoma brucei and transmitted by the tsetse fly .
Advertisement
Interviewed for the BBC News piece , Professor Sanjeev Krishna of the University of London and a doctor at a hospital in Lucala , Angola , explained the horrible progression of the disease :
" At first it will cause headaches , aching muscles and maybe itching .
But in the late stages , when the parasites have invaded the brain , the signs become more obvious and ominous .
Victims find it hard to concentrate .
They become irritable , their speech is slurred and they stop eating .
Their daily rhythm becomes disrupted to such an extent that they can't sleep at night and find it almost impossible to stay awake during the day .
It even becomes very hard for them to do simple mental tasks , such as drawing a straight line .
This is an infection that carries nightmarish qualities , reducing many of its victims to a zombie - like state before they go into a coma and die .
Those that do survive can be left with irreparable brain damage . "
Worse , there are still no vaccines or ways to prevent infection occurring once the tsetse fly bites a person .
Even the available treatments are - to be charitable - less than perfect .
Melarsoprol is one of the few treatments available ( and that rather dubiously assumes that the average infected person has access to any medical care ) , but it 's over fifty years old and contains enough arsenic to kill 1 in 20 people that are treated with it .
And even if a patient survives the ordeal , they remain at risk of contracting the disease again later .
About 50,000 to 70,000 people die of sleeping sickness every year , although Krishna suspected that estimate was actually much too low .
In Uganda , one in every three people is at risk of getting the disease , and some sixty million people remain under constant threat .
So then , there are about 50,000 examples of the walking dead each year , although ( perhaps mercifully ) they do n't remain walking for very long .
Advertisement
Thankfully , there is some hope .
The genome of Trypanosoma brucei was sequenced this April , and it is currently being compared to another strain of the parasite that only affects cows .
Researchers at the Sanger Institute who carried out the sequencing hope this comparison will yield hugely useful data on just why one strain infects humans and the other does n't .
This could pave the way for new drugs that would greatly reduce the mortality of sleeping sickness and hopefully decrease the incidence of the most severe , zombie - like symptoms in the afflicted .
Rabies
There is n't a disease , be it mental or physiological , that makes people want to eat other people , at least none as currently recognized by medical science .
( Cannibalism is n't considered a mental illness in its own right , but rather as a part of a larger web of psychoses . )
There are certain culture - specific mental conditions - Wendigo psychosis , observed in certain native American peoples , is one of the better examples - that make people think they are turning into cannibals , but that 's about it .
Advertisement
Still , rabies can , under certain conditions , approximate some of the conditions of the zombie lust for brains .
The rabies virus causes massive inflammation , or swelling , of the brain , and it 's most often transmitted by bites from infected animals .
About 55,000 people die annually from rabies , with almost all of these deaths occurring in Asia and Africa .
Although vaccines do exist ( indeed , it was Louis Pasteur 's successful treatment of a rabies - infected child that brought us into the modern age of vaccinations ) , they have to be administered before the onset of symptoms if the patient is to survive .
Advertisement
Again , the symptoms of rabies sound rather like those of the walking dead : full or partial paralysis , mental impairment , agitation and strange behavior , mania , and finally delirium .
It takes a bit of cherry - picking of symptoms , but one could put together a rabies patient with an inability to think clearly or communicate , difficulty walking , and manic aggression that takes the form of frequent attacks on humans .
Although such a zombie - esque sufferer is medically possible , such a hypothetical patient is apparently really , really unlikely .
Human - to - human transmission of rabies is incredibly rare , and it almost always occurs thanks to insufficient background tests before organ transplants .
( I kinda hate to say it , but just like that one episode of Scrubs . )
Advertisement
So there are n't very many , if any , people going around biting other people .
But , to be fair , rabid animals do act a whole lot like extras in 28 Days Later , with uncharacteristic behavior , aggression leading to attacks , and an apparent loss of all reason .
Until human rabies manifests itself more like animal rabies - and it's not something I 'm exactly hoping for - that 's about the closest we 're getting to real world brain - hungry zombies .
Necrosis
Those of you who are up on your Greek roots already know where we 're going with one : necrosis is death , specifically those of individual groups of cells before the organism as a whole dies .
This is n't technically a disease but rather a condition with a lot of different possible causes .
Cancer , poison , injury , and infection are all possible causes of premature cell death .
Advertisement
If we 're being super - literal about what the walking dead really are , then a patient with necrotic tissue is maybe the closest equivalent .
After all , a patient suffering from necrosis technically is partially dead , albeit still very much alive in all the important areas ( the brain , the heart , and the rest of the vital organs , for a start ) that we generally associate with the living .
Advertisement
Whatever its external ( or , in the case of cancer or infarction , internal but extraordinary ) cause , necrosis triggers a series of event that can lead to even greater negative effects outside the affected area .
The dead tissue stops sending signals to the nervous system , and necrotic cells can release dangerous chemicals that hurt nearby , still healthy cells .
If the lysosome membrane inside the cells is damaged , enzymes can be released that can also harm surrounding cells .
This chain reaction can cause the necrosis to spread ( and if it spreads over a great enough area , it becomes gangrene ) and can ultimately be fatal .
The only way to cure the condition is through a process known as debridement , which is simply the removal of necrotic tissue .
If the dead area is too large , this may require amputation .
Advertisement
If there is any sort of bright side to all this - and I 'm not sure there is , but I 'll put my Pollyanna hat on and try my best - at least necrosis is n't contagious , meaning it 's not the sort of thing that could spur a faux - zombie outbreak .
Of course , a sudden wave of hyper - aggressive , necrosis - spreading spiders or snakes ?
That might be another matter entirely .
Dysarthria
Let 's take a bit of a break and talk about something relatively less serious .
( " Relatively " being very much the key word there . )
We 've talked about possible causes of zombie - like trances , cell death , and hyper - aggression .
What about something a little more innocuous , like the iconic moans and grunts of the oncoming zombie horde ?
What could cause that ?
Advertisement
Well , the best real - world equivalent is probably dysarthria , which is a disorder affecting the motor controls of human speech .
Dysarthria is particularly appropriate because it 's neurological in its origins , which ties in with the brain - based aspects of zombie lore .
There are a lot of different causes of dysarthric speech , but all are characterized by a malfunction in the nervous system that makes it difficult to control the tongue , lips , throat , or lungs .
Advertisement
This in turn causes difficulty in articulation , which can take the form ( among many possible manifestations ) of an inability to communicate in more than unintelligible noises .
The condition can be brought on by traumatic brain injury , metabolic diseases like Lou Gehrig 's or Parkinson's , or a stroke , all of which lead to a loss of control over the vocal muscles .
Possible affected areas include the ability to regulate the volume of speech , the ability to create the proper inflection , and , most importantly for our purposes , the ability to create the correct sounds of speech .
To be sure , in and of itself dysarthria is not a particularly zombie - ish condition .
However , coupled with any of the other diseases on this list , it gets you frighteningly close to a real approximation of the sight and sound of the walking dead .
Advertisement
Leprosy
Both zombie folklore and leprosy have a long , long history .
Armies of the flesh - eating undead can be traced all the way back to the roughly tenth century BCE Akkadian work The Epic of Gilgamesh , which drew on earlier Sumerian mythology and was one of the first substantial written works in human history .
Cases of leprosy have been reported going back some four thousand years throughout Eurasia and northern Africa , including China , India , and Egypt .
Considering a common feature of zombies is their rotting flesh and decaying body parts , it would seem like leprosy and its similar - sounding symptoms would be a natural inspiration for such stories .
Advertisement
Well ... sort of .
The truth is ( as usual ) rather more complicated .
First of all , it 's a myth that leprosy causes body parts to rot away and fall off - indeed , there really are n't any diseases that can actually make limbs fall off ( although , as discussed earlier , necrosis can necessitate the amputation of dead limbs ) .
Leprosy can cause damage and numbness in its victims , which could cause a slow , shuffling walk that might have inspired the gait that we associate with zombies .
The main external symptom of leprosy is the outbreak of extensive skin lesions , which gives the skin a diseased , decaying appearance not unlike that of the common conceptions of zombies .
Advertisement
Fortunately , leprosy is pretty much under control at this point , certainly compared to sleeping sickness .
Over 95 % of people are naturally immune to the disease , and over fifteen million people have been cured of the disease in the last two decades .
It 's a remarkable turnaround for once of the most feared and stigmatized diseases in human history - indeed , for centuries leprosy evoked the same kind of irrational dread that we might now feel towards the dead rising from the graves en masse , ready to devour our brains .
Although there are definitely a few connections to be drawn between the symptoms of leprosy and the supposed traits of zombies , maybe the most fascinating overlap can be found in the story recounted in John Tayman 's 2007 book The Colony : The Harrowing True Story of the Exiles of Molokai .
As the Zombie Research Society reports , the book describes how the lepers at the Hawaiian colony were literally treated like they were the walking dead .
Advertisement
The leprosy patients were judged legally dead , their spouses were granted immediate divorces on the grounds they were basically widows anyway , and their wills were executed .
The patients were then banished to a remote island where they were left to die , although some survived on the island for decades .
This tragic part of Hawaiian history - a story with plenty of echoes elsewhere - is pretty close to how one might expect society would actually treat zombies if they existed .
Are chemical dispersants affecting those involved with the Gulf oil spill cleanup ?
Some Louisiana fishermen are reporting headaches , burning eyes and nausea , Fox News reports .
Fisherman Gary Burris said he got sick and disoriented after breathing in the dispersants used to break up the oil , the story says .
" It filled my lungs with fluid , " he said .
" I 'm hurting — I 'm sore from coughing . "
Riki Ott , a marine toxicologist who 's heard from other fishermen with similar symptoms , said illness can result from overexposure to crude oil and cleanup chemicals .
" This is like throwing kerosene on a fire , " Ott told Fox .
British Petroleum has sprayed more than 800,000 of gallons of dispersant into the Gulf since the spill began April 20 when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded .
BP's " Vessels of Opportunity " program , which employs fishermen to help with the cleanup , has come under fire from critics who say safety training for workers is n't sufficient , according to Fox .
( Posted by Jessica Durando )
Dynamo ’s GM : Avtsin is under contract with us ( Photo © khl.ru )
In spite of the recent news it looks like Alexander Avtsin will spend the 2010 - 11 season in the KHL with Dynamo Moscow .
Dynamo ’s General Manager Andrei Safronov declared through the team ’s official site that all the young players remain property of the new formed OHC Dynamo and all contracts are valid .
“ At the end of May the KHL confirmed that all the contracts with our players are valid .
Our youngsters will stay .
Avtsin and Dvurechensky have a contract up to April 2011 and 2012 respectively .
Anton Krysanov ( Phoenix Coyotes ) and Andrei Plekhanov ( Columbus Blue Jackets ) are among the group of players that will skate in the team ’s training camp in Belarus .
We will part with Pavel Valentenko .
He has a big contract and we ca n’t afford that .
According to my informations he plans to get back to North America . ”
President Obama announced today that he is extending a moratorium on deepwater oil drilling permits for six more months , and canceling or delaying drilling off the Alaska and Virginia coasts .
Speaking at a mid-day White House press conference , Obama said last month ’s BP Deepwater Horizon oil rig explosion underscored the need to transition to a green economy .
He challenged Republicans to help pass the energy bill now before Congress that would move in that direction .
The BP oil spill has now exceeded the 1989 Exxon Valdez accident , latest estimates say .
That makes it the worst oil spill in U.S. history .
In the five weeks since the April 20 explosion , scientists say 19 million gallons of oil have been flooding into the Gulf of Mexico from the BP site , compared with 11 million gallons from the Exxon Valdez .
Asked by a reporter about his earlier support for offshore oil drilling , the president said he continued to believe that “ it makes sense ” to develop domestic oil production during the shift to a green economy .
“ You ’ve never heard me say ‘ Drill baby , drill ’ , ” Obama said .
“ We ca n’t drill our way out of the problem . ”
However , he said , we are not able to transition to clean energy right away and oil has to be “ part of the mix ” in the meantime .
But , he emphasized , “ we are going to have to start moving on this transition . ”
The fact that oil companies now have to go 1 mile under water and another 3 miles to hit oil , Obama said , means that producing oil is increasingly more expensive and more risky .
“ Where I was wrong , ” the president said , “ was in my belief that the oil companies had their act together when it came to worst case scenarios . ”
The companies ’ claims that fail - safe procedures were in place “ proved to be incorrect , ” he said .
Obama indicated that his administration will turn away from the Bush - era deregulation that lets the oil industry monitor itself .
Obama said there would be a “ thorough - going scrub ” of industry safety procedures .
Even for a “ one in a million ” possible problem , he said , “ we have to have confidence we can shut it down ” in a matter of days .
Obama said the BP explosion has shown the “ scandalously close relationship ” between the oil companies and federal regulators .
He referred to a culture of corruption and cronyism in the agency that is supposed to enforce safety in oil operations , the Interior Department ’s Minerals Management Service , during the eight years of the Bush administration – a culture “ in which oil companies were able to get what they wanted , ” he said .
Obama acknowledged that his own officials had been slow to fully clean house , and he vowed aggressive action .
Just before the news conference , the head of the Minerals Management Service , Elizabeth Birnbaum , who took office last July , submitted her resignation .
Obama emphasized that the federal government is “ in charge ” in the Gulf Coast cleanup operations .
Responding to criticisms that the government was letting BP call the shots , Obama noted that under the 1990 Oil Pollution Act , enacted after the Exxon Valdez spill , the oil company is responsible for paying “ every dime ” of the cost of the containment and cleanup work .
But , he declared , “ Make no mistake : BP is operating at our direction . ”
The president cautioned that the work would take time , and required careful assessment of risks and options for stopping the flood of oil into the Gulf , and for protecting and cleaning up the water and shorelines .
The government , he said , is leading these efforts , and has overruled BP on a number of measures .
Obama said it was “ at our insistence ” that the company was paying compensation to those whose livelihoods have been affected .
In addition to extending the moratorium on deepwater drilling , Obama is suspending planned drilling off the Alaska coast for six months , and canceling scheduled sales of drilling leases in the Gulf of Mexico and off the coast of Virginia .
Photo :
A mobile offshore drilling unit holds position directly over the damaged Deepwater Horizon blowout preventer as crews work to plug the wellhead using a technique known as “ top kill , ” May 26 .
The procedure is intended to stem the flow of oil and gas and ultimately kill the well by injecting heavy drilling fluids through the blowout preventer on the seabed down into the well .
U.S. Coast Guard photo by Petty Officer 3rd Class Patrick Kelley .
Aaron writes in :
I love your cost breakdowns when you calculate the real truth behind some financial choice .
I 've got one for you .
Is it really cheaper to ride public transportation to work ?
I have a bus stop about a block from my house .
For about $ 2 each way , I can use public transportation to get to work , which is about fifteen miles away .
But I have a car that gets about 28 miles per gallon and gas is about $ 3 , so I 'm breaking even to make the commute and I have a lot more flexibility .
I just do n't see how the numbers add up .
In the numbers you give above , you 're neglecting a whole bunch of factors .
First of all , your car costs a lot more than you think .
Gas is just the start .
You also have maintenance , tires , insurance , license , registration , taxes , depreciation , and finance charges ( if you have a car loan ) .
According to AAA 's estimates on driving costs , if you drive a medium sedan 10,000 miles per year , the cost per mile figuring in all of those factors is 70.2 cents per mile .
So , your commute is 30 miles long , round trip .
Your cost for that commute in a medium sedan that you drive 10,000 miles in a year ( a guess based on the info you provided ) is $ 21 .
This , of course , does n't include things like parking costs , traffic tickets , and so on .
Of course , if you 're going to own a car anyway , the cost per mile for a medium sedan goes down to $ 0.39 ( according to those AAA statistics , adding together maintenance and depreciation per mile ) .
Your round trip in this case is about $ 12 in depreciation and fuel costs , with the other $ 9 coming in as costs related to the fact that you own a car , regardless of how much you drive it .
Another factor to consider is the savings of buying a public transportation pass .
I 'll use San Francisco 's BART as an example .
If you commute every day for a month ( let 's assume 24 days ) , you 'll spend $ 2 each way on a commute if you do n't buy a pass , totaling $ 96 .
Alternately , you can get a monthly pass costing only $ 60 , saving you $ 36 a month .
If you commute each day in your car , one that you would own anyway , your depreciation and maintenance costs would be roughly $ 288 ( $ 12 per day over 24 days ) .
If you only have a car for commuting , the total cost over that month is $ 504 ( $ 21 per day over 24 days ) .
The case for saving money on public transportation is pretty clear , in my book .
The big argument against it , of course , is speed and convenience , which is what you 're really paying for if you own a car in a large city with good public transportation .
If I lived in a large city , my family would own one car at most ( and possibly no cars at all ) .
We would use public transportation as much as possible and , if it worked out , we would simply rent a car for the rare occasions we needed one .
If you only actually need a car a couple times a year and can use public transportation the rest of the time , it is far cheaper to go that route .
Remember , that extra cost per month for driving yourself to work is all about the flexibility and a bit of time - saving .
How valuable is that to you ?
A few hundred dollars a month ?
NEW YORK ( Reuters Health ) - People who get plenty of vitamin K from food may have a lower risk of developing type 2 diabetes than those who get less of the vitamin , a new study suggests .
Researchers found that among more than 38,000 Dutch adults they followed for a decade , those who got the most vitamin K in their diets were about 20 percent less likely to be diagnosed with type 2 diabetes during the study period .
The findings appear to be the first to show a relationship between vitamin K and diabetes risk , and do not prove that the vitamin is the reason for the lower risk , write the researchers , led by Dr. Joline W.J. Beulens of the University Medical Center Utrecht in the Netherlands .
Instead , they add , the results should fuel further research into whether vitamin K does play a role in the development of type 2 diabetes .
It ’s estimated that more than 23 million , or nearly 11 percent , of U.S. adults have type 2 diabetes .
The most important risk factors for type 2 diabetes include older age , obesity , family history of diabetes and race -- with black , Hispanic and Native Americans at higher risk than whites in the U.S.
The extent to which specific nutrients in the diet might affect diabetes risk remains unclear .
Vitamin K exists in two natural forms : vitamin K1 , or phylloquinone , found largely in green leafy vegetables , as well as some vegetable oils , such as canola and soybean oils ; and vitamin K2 , or menaquinone , which people get mainly through meat , cheese and eggs .
In the current study , both vitamins K1 and K2 were related to a lower diabetes risk , but the relationship was stronger with vitamin K2 .
The findings , reported in the journal Diabetes Care , are based on questionnaires from 38,094 men and women who were between the ages of 20 and 70 at the outset .
Participants completed a detailed diet survey , from which each person ’s average vitamin K intake was estimated ; they also answered questions on their overall health and lifestyle habits .
Over the next 10 years , 918 study participants were diagnosed with type 2 diabetes , based on their medical records .
In general , Beulens and her colleagues found , the risk of developing type 2 diabetes dipped for every 10 - microgram ( mcg ) increase in vitamin K2 intake .
Overall , the one - quarter of participants with the highest intake were 20 percent less likely to be diagnosed with diabetes than the one - quarter with the lowest intake .
With vitamin K1 , no decreased risk was seen until consumption of the vitamin was relatively high .
Similar to the findings with vitamin K2 , the one - quarter of men and women who got the most vitamin K1 were 19 percent less likely to develop diabetes than the quarter with the lowest intake .
The researchers accounted for a number of other factors important in diabetes risk , including age , body weight and exercise habits .
They also considered other dietary habits , like total calorie intake and consumption of certain other nutrients , like fat , fiber and vitamins C and E .
Still , higher vitamin K intake , itself , was linked to a lower diabetes risk .
Exactly why the vitamin might be protective is not known .
However , Beulens and her colleagues note , there is evidence that vitamin K reduces systemic inflammation , which may improve the body ’s use of the blood - sugar - regulating hormone insulin .
More research , they say , is needed both to confirm these findings and to study the potential underlying reasons .
In the U.S. , the recommended daily intake for vitamin K , in all forms , is 120 mcg for men and 90 mcg for women .
In this study , participants with the highest intakes typically consumed between 250 and 360 mcg of total vitamin K each day .
SOURCE : here
Diabetes Care , online April 27 , 2010 .
My project .
This post assumes that the reader has read my last post .
This was a week full of segfaults , failed assertions , changes in the user data and other crazy stuff .
I started working on the allocation of memory on the freed lines .
In the first glance , it seemed to be much harder than the small changes I ’ve done to free memory in lines , because of the a never - seen - before - by - me datatypes being dealed with in alloc_for_copy ( ) , from rts/sm/Evac.c : gen_workspace .
But in a short time the code of alloc_for_copy ( ) has shown itself to be simple , and it was easy to do an initial implementation .
I went in the same path I was going on before , trying the simplest solution that works .
For instance , the line representation used is not ideal , because groups of lines are not considered , but it was the simplest at that time , and I plan to improve it latter .
The gen_workspace data type contains a pointer to an area of a block that is not being used ( todo_free ) and a pointer to the end of that area ( todo_lim ) .
When a space for an object is requested , it ’s allocated in this area , and todo_free is adjusted .
If the area is full , a new block is requested .
My intended change was to return the first free line of the generation when the object is smaller or equal to the size of a line , and use the current approach otherwise .
This is the simplest way I could think , but has the problem that the only one object is allocated per line .
This was a known issue .
if ( size <= BITS_IN ( W_ ) && gen -> first_line != NULL ) { to = gen -> first_line ; gen -> first_line = ( StgPtr ) * gen -> first_line ; return to ; } ws = &gct-> gens[gen ->no ] ;
After that I got the first round of segfaults .
One problem I could spot so far was in the code in rts / sm / Sweep .c , related to the liberation of the lines .
The block is allocated by need , and there ’s a pointer to the first free byte , free .
This free space is used by alloc_for_copy ( ) .
So , we should only think of lines in the region already allocated in the block , that is , where the address is smaller than free .
if(bd->u.bitmap[i ] == 0 && bd->u.bitmap [ i - 1 ] == 0 && start + BITS_IN ( W_ ) <= bd-> free )
But the segfaults , memory corruptions , etc , kept going on .
I tried some restrictions , like allocating in lines only objects with the exact size of a line , or very small objects ( size == 2 ) , or allocating just one object for generation , or only one object at all .
I also tried checking for the type of the allocated object , to see a correlation with the problems I was having .
Nothing helped by now .
So I thought I should work on other things , so that maybe my mind gets clearer and I can spot the problem .
I followed the suggestion of using todo_free and todo_lim to make it possible to allocate more than one object in a line .
I liked this change , since I had the impression that it fits better with the rest of the code than the initial implementation , and it will be easier to addapt it when I improve the representation of the free lines .
As I said , I wanted something to work while I think in how I ’ll solve the segfault problems .
The bad side of this choice is that I ’ll not be able to test it , since it ’s just a reimplementation of the same idea in the allocation code , and is not expected to work .
The good size is that it may work , and solve the problems I was having by accident .
if ( ws-> todo_free > ws-> todo_lim ) { if ( size <= BITS_IN ( W_ ) && gen-> first_line != NULL ) { ws -> todo_free = gen -> first_line ; gen -> first_line = ( StgPtr ) * gen -> first_line ; to = ws-> todo_free ; ws->todo_lim = ws-> todo_free + BITS_IN ( W_ ) ; } else { to = todo_block_full ( size , ws ) ; } }
I got the same results as with the older implementation , and no ideas about how to solve it ( yet ) .
So I thought about another thing to work on , which I ’m talking about all through this post : improve the free line representation .
This has the advantage of being testable , since it ’s unrelated to the allocation code , and may give me an idea about how I can fix the segfaults .
The bad side is that it probably wo n’t fix my problems directly .
I ’m working on it right now .
Following a suggestion , I ’ve started using gdb to see what was happening in the GC instead of including printf s everywhere , and it ’s been useful .
I ’ve noticed that sometimes printf is more effective , but sometimes gdb is much better .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Curtir isso : Curtir Carregando ...
Relacionado
By -
A mouse is an input and pointing device that performs functions and used to guide the pointer on screen which is capable of doing tasks .
It t can create 2d motion relative to its supporting surface .
We can’t perform any of our activities in our PC without a mouse , which tells us how important a mouse is for our daily activities infront of our Computer .
Initially a mouse is made of 2 buttons Button1 ( right ) for selection and Button2 ( left ) for performing activities like opening running etc .
In next generation , a scroll button is introduced in - between these 2 buttons .
Then its the turn of Wireless mouses .
[ ad # Google Adsense 728 ]
This is the basic information that everybody knows , but did u ever dreamed or expected about a mouse with 18 buttons .
This 18 buttoned mouse is named as “ WarMouse Meta ”
You can find our the Specifications of this Mouse here .
The Most Special Feature of this mouse is , it ’s made with 512 Bytes RAM .
This is created by Warmouse to provide the best and useful mouse to the digital world .
As it contains 18 buttons , each of them can be used for performing various tasks .
The main goal of creating this mouse is to attract the gaming lovers , but later it quickly became apparent that many non-gaming applications also .
You can find out the list of applications it supports here .
“ Meta Modware ” is a software that enables you to assign certain programs or applications to the buttons which makes your job easier .
The ability to assign application functions for both clicks and double - clicks , combined with compatibility to use the joystick as an analog joystick or as the equivalent of between 6 and 10 additional buttons which increases your options .
[ ad # Google Adsense 468 ]
For example Consider MsWord where we will use certain functions like Cut / Copy / Paste / Spell - Check / Change - Case etc. that you can assign for any of the buttons .
Video gamelovers , Graphic Designers will love it for sure as it is the gadget that is to be dedicated for them , which will make their job easier .
Finally here is the gaming list which it supports .
" Yesterday in Sri Lanka a bomb ripped through a packed civilian bus Wednesday , killing 23 people and wounding 67 .
I mention this because Mossad has directly sustained this violence since 1983 , when ethnic Tamils in the north started fighting for independence from ethnic Sinhalese in the south .
The Tamils want an independent state called Tamil Eelam .
Mossad has caused Sri Lanka ’s fighting to become some of the bloodiest in human history .
Entire villages are routinely wiped out .
Massacres happen almost daily .
Over 70,000 people have been killed .
The purpose of this post is to give an overview of Mossad 's involvement .
Also involved are MI6 , plus India 's equivalent to MI6 ( or the Pakistani ISI ) , known as the " Research and Analysis Wing " ( RAW ) .
In Sri Lanka , Mossad trains , arms , and equips both sides -- through its Cambodian Zim Shipping empire , and through its holdings in South Africa -- and perpetrates false flags whenever there is talk of peace .
Mossad ’s goal is to maintain the lucrative arms market , plus the local drug trade that helps pay for those arms .
When the Tamils started fighting the Singhalese for independence in 1983 , the Singhalese President Junius Jayawardene brought in 50 Mossad officers to train his security forces at a place called Maduru - Oya .
This was not scret .
It was in all the newspapers .
From that point on , Mossad armed , trained , and equipped both sides .
( Since the Tamil forces are smaller than the Sri Lankan army , the zio-media calls the Tamils “ terrorists . ” )
In 1991 Victor Ostrovsky , author of By Way of Deception , told Indian Abroad news service that Mossad brought many Tamils to Israel for training in 1984 and 1985 .
" These groups kept coming and going .
When I was in Mossad , it was part of our routine job to take them to training camps and make sure they got training worth what they paid for , no more and no less .
The Singhalese paid in cash . ”
Ostrovsky said the arrangement for training was made by the Mossad liaison in India , who lived there under a British passport .
We know from sources other than Ostrovsky that shortly after the war broke out in Sri Lanka , Mossad approached a group of officers from India ’s Research and Analysis Wing ( RAW , which is India ’s equivalent to the CIA ) .
In July 1984 this inner RAW circle arranged with Mossad to send Tamils to Israel for commando training .
Mossad paid the RAW team for this by setting up accounts for them in the BCCI bank .
( More about this below . )
The Tamil commandoes that went to Israel became known as the TELO .
They are separate from the main Tamil rebels , known as the LTTE ( Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ) .
Meanwhile the Jews simultaneously trained the Tamils ’ enemies ( the Singhalese ) in Israel , but did not tell the main Tamil army , or the main Indian government , or anyone else .
In Israel they kept both Goy groups apart .
The Jewish purpose for this , as always , was to fan the war to a fever pitch , and make a fortune as the Goyim kill each other .
Each group had 60 members .
Training started with a two - week basic commando course at an Israeli base known as Kfar Sirkin near Tel Aviv .
This is a fairly large base , but on one occasion the two groups passed within a few yards of each other while they were out jogging .
After the two - week basic course , the Israelis took the Tamils to Atlit , a top - secret naval commando base at Haifa .
Meanwhile Singhalese were brought in for basic training back at the Kfar Sirkin base .
After the Tamils completed advanced training in Haifa , they were moved out , and the Singhalese were brought in to learn how to deal with all the techniques the Israelis had just taught the Tamils .
The Jews had to dream up punishments and night training exercises to keep both groups busy , so they would n't run into each other in Israel .
Sometimes the situation was hectic , but the Jews were tickled to deceive the filthy Goyim while preparing them to kill each other .
The Jews made a tidy sum training the Singhalese .
Ostrovsky writes in his book By Way Of Deception that , “ Israel charged each of the 60 Singhalese $ 300 per day , for a total of $ 18,000 per day .
For a three - month course , Israel charged them $ 1.6 million .
In addition , Israel charged them $ 5,000 to $ 6,000 an hour for helicopter rental , with as many as 15 helicopters being used in a typical training exercise .
The Israelis also charged for special training ammunition .
A bazooka shell , for example , cost about $ 220 a unit , while heavy mortars were about $ 1000 each . "
Apparently the Jews did not charge the Tamils , which had little money at that point .
Instead , the Jews regarded the Tamil training as an investment toward the Jewish goal of getting a major war going in Sri Lanka .
Then the Jews could make a financial killing off the physical killing .
As noted above , the Tamil commandos formed an elite splinter group known as the TELO , which was separate from the LTTE .
The TELO was tied in with the inner circle of India 's RAW ( the intelligence agency ) -- unknown to the overall Indian government .
At one point the Jews worried because 27 Indian commandos also came to Israel for training , and the Jews could not let the Indians see the Tamils or the Singhalese .
Therefore the Sayret Matcal took over the training regime for the Tamils and the Singhalese .
The Sayret Matcal is a commando - recon group that executed the false - flag raid in Entebbe Uganda ( 1976 ) .
So the Jews trained Tamils , Singhalese , and Indian commandoes , preparing them all to kill each other .
( Jews love to pit armies against each other like chess pieces , because it makes Jews feel like gods .
It ’s part of the satanic impulse shared by most Jews . )
Meanwhile back in Sri Lanka itself , the Jews did everything possible to escalate the massacres on all sides into a full - scale war .
In 1985 , Rafi Eytan , head of the Israeli intelligence agency LEKEM , was caught running spy Jonathan Pollard against the USA .
Afterward , Rafi Eytan was sent to Sri Lanka to take over Mossad operations there .
His cover was that he was an employee of Israeli Chemical Industries , which has operations in Sri Lanka .
By 1987 , Jewish evil became so extreme that India ’s Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi convinced Sri Lankan President Junius Jayawardene to sign the Indo - Sri Lankan peace accord , which gave autonomy to the Tamil areas in the north and east of the island .
An amnesty was declared , and 3,000 Indian troops were sent as peacekeepers .
Then Indian troops started to confiscate Mossad arms .
In 1987 , the Hindustan Times reported that in the Sri Lankan city of Jaffna , the troops seized large quantities of arms with Israeli markings , meant for the Tamils .
The Jews panicked , since peace would put an end to their death market .
The inner circle of the Indian RAW also became worried , since they were on the Mossad payroll .
What would become of their paychecks ?
Worse , when Rajiv Gandhi drafted the peace accord , he demanded that all Israelis leave Sri Lanka , since everyone knew that Jews maintained the violence there .
Therefore the Jews ( and perhaps the inner RAW circle ) started plotting to liquidate Rajiv Gandhi .
The Jews also increased their arms to both the Tamils and their enemies ( the Singhalese ) against Ghandi ’s 3,000 Indian troops .
In 1989 Ranasinghe Premadasa became President of Sri Lanka .
Because he was a dictator , a separate resistance movement rose up against him among the Singhalese in the south .
This was the JVP ( People 's Liberation Front ) .
They were not Tamils ; they were Singhalese Buddhists .
Therefore Premadasa allowed Mossad to arm the enemy ( the Tamils ) in hopes that the Tamils would wipe out the JVP Buddhists , and also cause the Indian troops to leave Sri Lanka .
Meanwhile the Jews committed a series of false flag murders , causing all sides to escalate into worse and worse atrocities .
India ’s Prime Minister Rajiv Ghandi responded by sending 97,000 additional troops .
By the following year ( 1990 ) Jewish false flags massacres had reduced Sri Lanka to a quagmire for India .
Under political pressure at home , Rajiv Gandhi withdrew the army , but used the Indian navy to completely shut down the Jewish arms trade in Sri Lanka .
In November 1991 , the Indian Navy seized an Israeli ship carrying large amounts of arms and ammunition from Singapore to the Tamils .
That was it .
The Jews could tolerate no more interference from Gandhi .
For shutting down the Israeli arms trade , Gandhi was assassinated on 21 May 1991 , along with 15 others in a blast .
( On 8 Aug 1984 , Ghandi ’s mother , Prime Minister Indira Gandhi , condemned Sri Lankan President J.R.Jayewardene for bringing Mossad into Sri Lanka .
Two months later , Sikh separatists gunned down Indira Gandhi , probably using intelligence furnished by Mossad . )
Five weeks before Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated , Yasser Arafat in Palestine warned him that a hit was planned .
The bomb that killed Rajiv Gandhi was composed of RDX explosives thought to have been manufactured in Israel .
The conspirators ’ trial was held in total secrecy , and court records have never been released .
No one knows what happened to the “ suicide bomber , ” or who was behind the assassination .
Subramanian Swamy was a newspaper columnist on the Israeli payroll .
After the assassination , he wrote numerous editorials saying the LTTE did it , which was a deception , since the LTTE ( Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ) are the regular Tamil Tigers .
The Tamils trained in Israel were part of a splinter group known as the TELO , as noted above .
The TELO was connected with the secret inner circle at RAW that was on the Mossad payroll .
( RAW = " Rearch Analysis Wing , " or Indian intelligence . )
I suspect there was no suicide bomber , and that Mossad set off a bomb , or equipped the TELO , or perhaps the inner RAW circle to set off a bomb for Israel .
Certainly Mossad was involved .
And of course the slaughter continued in Sri Lanka , while the Jews continued to make millions in arms sales .
Incidentally , Lalith Athulathmudali was the Deputy Defence Minister and National Security Minister for Sri Lanka under President J.R. Jayewardene .
He led military attacks against the Tamil Tigers ( LTTE ) .
In 1988 he tried to become president of Sri Lanka , but lost to Premadasa .
Therefore Athulathmudali started plotting against Premadasa .
He complained loudly that Premadasa had allowed Mossad to arm , train , and equip the Tamil Tigers against Sri Lanka .
( He was not referring to the Tamil commandos trained in Israel .
He meant Mossad ’s equipping of the Tamils in Sri Lanka . )
Athulathmudali had been on the Mossad payroll , but now turned against the Jews for his own political advantage .
Therefore he too was assassinated .
Indian court Justice Milap Chand Jain came across evidence that a suspect known as Chandraswami had links with Mossad and with RAW ( Indian intelligence ) .
Mr. Jain linked Chandraswami to Mossad through the Bank of Credit and Commerce International ( BCCI ) .
BCCI was a major international money - laundering bank founded by Agha Hasan Abedi of Pakistan in 1972 .
Abedi moved his headquarters to London , and registered the company in Luxembourg ( which vies with Switzerland as Europe ’s biggest money - laundering center for world gangsters , especially Jewish gangsters . )
BCCI operated in 78 countries , had over 400 branches , and claimed assets of US$ 25 billion .
MI5 confirmed that the Israelis funded their Abu Nidal terrorist through the Sloane Street branch of BCCI , near Harrods in London .
The Israelis also used BCCI to fund “ Black September ” and many other Israeli false flag operations .
On 21 September 1977 Bert Lance ( director of the U.S. Office of Management and Budget ) resigned in disgrace from the Carter Administration , and went to work for BCCI .
Lance got many U.S. officials to launder their money through BCCI , including U.S. Defense Secretary Clark Clifford , and his Jewish partner Robert A. Altman .
Israel ’s Mossad , Pakistan ’s ISI , England ’s MI6 , and America ’s CIA also used BCCI , as did rich people all over the world .
For example , Garrards and Mappin & Webb , the jewelers responsible for maintaining the crown jewels , and makers of the trophy for the America 's Cup , all laundered their money through BCCI .
So did billionaire Saudi arms dealer Adnan Khashoggi .
None of these gangsters , rich people , and intelligence agencies could afford exposure .
Therefore Bert Lance and his cronies were acquitted of all charges .
( In 1974 Jewish gangster Meyer Lansky was acquitted of all IRS charges for the exact same reason .
The days of getting someone like Al Capone for tax charges are long gone , since gangsters , governments , rich people , drug lords , and intelligence agencies all use the same money - laundering banks .
Typically money is given to casinos , since casinos can make up any story they like regarding their money sources .
Then the casinos deposit the money in various banks . )
Finally BCCI became such a mess that gangsters from the next level up ( Bank of England ) closed it down in July 1991 .
About a million criminals and rich people were affected .
Some withdrew their money in time .
Some did n’t .
BACK TO SRI LANKA
I repeat : because of Jewish involvement , the violence in Sri Lanka is truly extreme .
Statistically Sri Lanka has far more suicide bombers than any place in the world – and I mean REAL suicide bombers ( many of them women and children ) .
By “ real suicide bombers ” I mean to distinguish them from bombs in Iraq , which are usually remote - detonated false - flag bombs set off by Mossad or by US / British operatives .
The zio media calls every Iraq bombing a “ suicide bombing ” in order to sustain the false myth of mad Muslim “ jihadists . ”
The media also ignores true suicide bombings by Hindus in Sri Lanka , since only Muslims can be suicide bombers .
( By the way , have you ever noticed that Islamic fundamentalists from North Africa and Iran do n’t commit suicide attacks ? )
Suicide bombing happens in extreme circumstances when an oppressed person chooses death over humiliation .
In Sri Lanka , for example , cadres swallow cyanide capsules if captured .
In his May 2005 book Dying to Win : The Strategic Logic of Suicide Terrorism , University of Chicago political scientist Robert Pape analyzed 315 suicide bombings ( real suicide bombings ) from 1980 to 2005 .
Pape concluded that …
1. Religion ( Islamic or otherwise ) has little to do with suicide bombing .
The motivations are nationalist , not fundamentalist .
Every suicide campaign is meant to compel a force to withdraw from territory that bombers view as their homeland .
2 . The world ’s leading practitioners of suicide bombing are the Tamil Tigers in Sri Lanka .
3. Suicide bombers are not poverty - stricken loners .
The data shows that most are highly respected members of the middle class in their countries .
Ninety - five percent of suicide attacks occur as part of coherent campaigns organized by large organizations with significant public support .
4. Contrary to claims by the government and the zio-media , nations ( including the USA ) routinely make concessions to suicide bombings .
Pape examined 18 campaigns , and noted that in 13 cases , the occupying forces were compelled to leave , while the forces in the other five cases are in trouble .
Conclusion : suicide bombings work .
The very first Tamil Tiger suicide attack was on July 5 , 1987 .
He was equipped by Mossad .
Thus , just as Menchim Begin invented the car bomb , Israelis invented suicide bombers .
Palestinians took note of its effectiveness , and started using suicide bombers shortly thereafter .
CONTINUING …
Again , whenever there is talk of peace in Sri Lanka , Mossad commits a false flag operation to trigger the violence again , thus sustaining the arms trade .
For example , in 2005 , Sri Lankan foreign minister Lakshman Kadirgamar , a Tamil Christian , was bringing peace to Sri Lanka .
Therefore on 12 August 2005 he was shot dead as he climbed out of the swimming pool at his luxury home .
SP Thamilselvan , leader of the Tamil Tigers ’ political wing , denied that the Tigers were involved , which was probably true , since the Tamils always claim responsibility when a killing favors them .
ISI drug lords in Pakistan and Israeli gangsters in Turkey ( plus Mossad in Southeast Asia ) sell heroin to the Tamils , who use the drug proceeds to buy arms from Mossad .
In the early 1990s , over 600 cases involving Sri Lankan Tamil traffickers were reported to Interpol .
Mossad is not the only source of arms and training , but it is the largest in Sri Lanka .
Most ( not all ) of the weapons come from Mossad - owned factories in Vietnam and Cambodia , and from Jewish - owned factories in South Africa .
The British also arm and train both sides .
Just as the CIA uses its “ National Endowment for Democracy ” to arm dictators and death squads , MI6 uses use Oxfam ( Oxford Famine Relief ) , which is one of England ’s most powerful and secretive intelligence organizations .
John Glover , a British feature writer , wrote to the Western Mail in Wales about the ongoing and future training programs for Tamil youth by British mercenaries .
" A band of British mercenary soldiers recruited in South Wales is training a Tamil army to fight for a separate state in Sri Lanka .
About 20 British mercenaries were signed up after a meeting in Cardiff , and have spent the last two months in South India preparing a secret army to fight the majority Singhalese .
The British mercenaries are employed by Keenie Meenie Services , a branch of the SAS , which also arms , trains , and equips the Tamils ’ enemy , the Singhalese . ”
Mossad is deeply involved in Sri Lanka ’s government , and keeps it thoroughly corrupt .
For example , Ostrovsky writes that Mossad got donations for the Mahaveli River Diversion Project .
Then Mossad and President J.R. Jayewardene pocketed all the money .
When Mossad or the CIA commit a false flag attack in a war zone , their choice of location depends on the ambient violence level .
If the bloodbath is proceeding well , but needs a little kick , a false flag massacre will be in a hot area .
However , if the killing needs a major jump - start , Mossad will strike far behind the lines , in a capitol city , or in a place where the attack causes direct fear in the middle class .
The exception is when a host government – in this case Sri Lanka ’s government – asks Mossad to back off .
Mossad must comply to some extent , in order to remain in the host country and keep its arms market .
In 2002 , Norway brokered a partial peace deal between the Tamils and the Singhalese , causing a slight drop in the violence .
After several years , however , Sri Lanka ’s president , Mahinda Rajapaksa complained that the cease - fire “ was n’t working . ”
Mossad coached him in what to say .
Rajapaksa announced that the cease - fire allowed Hezbollah – Hamas – al Qaeda the Tamils to build up their military strength .
So , two weeks , ago President Rajapaksa announced that he was planning to withdraw from the agreement .
Sri Lanka ’s government unanimously agreed .
Violence started escalating again , with about 300 people killed in the last two weeks .
Yesterday ’s blast , which killed 23 and wounded 67 , was in the remote town of Buttala , about 150 miles southeast of Colombo .
The 8 a.m. explosion came just hours after Sri Lanka ’s government officially pulled out of the cease - fire agreement .
The bomb was planted on a roadside in standard Mossad fashion .
And so Mossad is back in business , and the violence will now take a sharp upswing again .
The Sri Lankan Monitoring Mission has been dissolved .
This was one of the few independent groups with access to both rebel - held territory and the government .
Of course , none of this can be talked about .
Since Jews own all the media , no one can mention Jews .
Therefore conspiracy theories abound concerning most events in the world , which in turn helps conceal Jewish involvement .
Everyone is busy pointing fingers at everyone else .
We see this with 9/11 , with the London subway bombings on 7 -7- 05 , with the Madrid train bombing in March 2004 , and many other events .
No one can get at the truth of anything , since no one in the media can mention Jews .
And the masses do n’t care , since they avoid mentioning Jews at all costs . :-)
Sweet ! "
COLUMBUS , Ohio --
The Columbus Blue Jackets are set to hire Manitoba 's Scott Arniel as head coach Tuesday , a source told ESPN.com 's Pierre LeBrun .
The Blue Jackets scheduled a press conference for Tuesday to announce their new coach , but declined comment when asked by The Associated Press about the hiring on Monday night .
The Arniel hire comes after Hamilton Bulldogs coach Guy Boucher declined the position .
Boucher , who just completed his first season as a head coach in the pro ranks , was offered the job last week and asked the Blue Jackets if he could think about it over the weekend .
Montreal - based website RueFrontenac.com reported late Monday that Boucher has agreed to coach the Tampa Bay Lightning .
Boucher is expected to be introduced at a news conference Wednesday .
Arniel is 181-105-10 - 19 in four seasons with Manitoba in the AHL .
He takes over for interim coach Claude Noel , who got the top job when Ken Hitchcock was fired midway through last season .
Information from ESPN.com Pierre LeBrun and The Associated Press contributed to this report .
The video below introduces Headroid1 , this face - tracking robot will grow into a larger system that can follow people ’s faces , detect emotions and react to engage with the visitor .
The above system uses openCV ’s face detection ( using the Python bindings and facedetect.py ) to figure out whether the face is in the centre of the screen , if the camera needs to move it then talks via pySerial to BotBuilder ‘s ServoBoard to pan or tilt the camera until the face is back in the centre of the screen .
Update – see Building A Face Tracking Robot In An Afternoon for full details to build your own Headroid1 .
Headroid is pretty good at tracking faces as long as there ’s no glare , he can see people from 1 foot up to about 8 feet from the camera .
He moves at different speeds depending on your distance from the centre of the screen and stops with a stable picture when you ’re back at the centre of his attention .
The smile / frown detector which will follow will add another layer of behaviour .
Heather ( founder of Silicon Beach Training ) used Headroid1 ( called Robocam in her video ) at Likemind coffee this morning , she ’s written up the event :
Andy White ( @doctorpod ) also did a quick 2 minute MP3 interview with me via audioboo .
Later over coffee Danny Hope and I discussed ( with Headroid looking on ) some ideas for tracking people , watching for attention , monitoring for frustration and concentration and generally playing with ways people might interact with this little chap :
The above was built in collaboration with BuildBrighton , there ’s some discussion about it in this thread .
The camera is a Philips SPC900NC which works using macam on my Mac ( and runs on Linux and Win too ) .
The ServoBoard has a super - simple interface – you send it commands like ’ 90a ’ ( turn servo A to 90 degress ) as text and ‘ it just works ’ – it makes interactive testing a doddle .
Update – the blog for the A.I. Cookbook is now active , more A.I. and robot updates will occur there .
Reference material :
The following should help you move forwards :
Ian is a Chief Interim Data Scientist via his Mor Consulting .
Sign - up for Data Science tutorials in London and to hear about his data science thoughts and jobs .
He lives in London , is walked by his high energy Springer Spaniel and is a consumer of fine coffees .
You know , when you give political opinions in public , people are going to disagree with you and some of them are even going to throw personal insults at you .
Even I , Iron Knee , get some email like that ( yes , I know it is hard to believe ) .
But apparently Fox News host Greta Van Susteren has a particularly thin skin .
A little over a week ago , Van Susteren received an email from someone she would only name as “ Brian ” .
Among other things , Brian said “ Your brain is empty .
…
Matter of fact , it is so empty , if you put a pea in your skull it would rattle around like a BB in a boxcar . ”
I mean , wow , what a devastating insult … not .
Rather than just ignore it like the rest of us do , Van Susteren decided to seek revenge on the innertubes , so she posted a reader poll asking “ Who is dumber ?
Greta ?
Or Brian for spending his time watching someone he thinks is dumb . ”
Apparently either Van Susteren does n’t have many supporters or she just does n’t understand how much the internet loves to pile on , but by the close of polling , fully 78 % of the vote said that Greta was dumber .
Of course , that ’s only 43,335 people who think that Greta is dumb .
Just think of the result if it had been more widely publicized .
I guess Van Susteren can take some solace .
At least she did n’t do what Fox News host Clayton Morris did last Friday , when he read unrevised cue cards — not once but twice — and referred to himself as co-host Steve Doocy .
Now that ’s dumb .
North Korea is facing international condemnation after investigators blamed it for the sinking of a South Korean warship in March .
Pyongyang rejected the claim as a " fabrication " and threatened war if sanctions were imposed .
The international report found a North Korean submarine 's torpedo sank the South Korean navy ship , causing the deaths of 46 sailors .
China urged restraint and did not criticise the North .
READ THE REPORT IN FULL Investigation result on the sinking of Cheonan [ 72KB ]
Most computers will open PDF documents automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Excerpts : Ship sinking report
US Defence Secretary Robert Gates said Washington supported the findings of the investigation .
He added that the Pentagon was in " close consultation " with Seoul to determine the best way to respond .
Britain , Australia and Japan also expressed anger at North Korea .
South Korean President Lee Myung - bak pledged to take " stern action " .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said the report was " deeply troubling " .
Britain's Foreign Secretary William Hague said North Korea 's actions would deepen the international community 's mistrust .
' UN resolution '
The investigation team , which included experts from America , Australia , Britain and Sweden , said it had discovered part of the torpedo on the sea floor and it carried lettering that matched a North Korean design .
NORTH KOREAN ATTACKS
Jan 1967 - attacks South Korean warship near border , killing 39 sailors
Jan 1968 - commandos storm presidential palace in Seoul in a failed attempt to kill President Park Chung - hee
Jan 1968 - captures USS Pueblo - one crew member dies and 82 held hostage for 11 months
Dec 1969 - hijacks South Korean airliner taking dozens of passengers hostage
Oct 1983 - bombs hotel in Rangoon , Burma in failed attempt to kill South Korean President Chun Doo-hwan - 21 people die
Nov 1987 - bombs South Korean airliner , killing 115
Sept 1996 - North Korean submarine crew land in South , sparking deadly manhunt
Mar 2010 - torpedoes Cheonan warship , 46 sailors killed Attack leaves no easy options
How the ship was sunk Timeline : North Korean attacks Q&A : Cheonan sinking Send us your comments
Pyongyang said it would send its own inspection team to the South , to " verify material evidence " behind the accusation .
A North Korean defence spokesman said the country would " respond to reckless counter - measure with an all - out war of justice " , the state KCNA news agency reported .
Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said Beijing had " noted " the report and would make its own assessment , but called on both sides to exercise restraint .
The Cheonan went down near the disputed inter-Korean maritime border , raising tension between the two nations , which technically remain at war .
The shattered wreck of the 1,200 - tonne gunboat was later winched to the surface , in two pieces , for examination .
Investigators examined eyewitness accounts , damage to the vessel , evidence collected from the seabed and the injuries sustained by survivors and those who died .
There had earlier been a number of explanations suggested for the sinking , including an accidental collision with an unexploded sea mine left over from the Korean War .
Mr Lee 's presidential office said he had told Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd his government would be taking firm measures against the North , and through international co-operation would make the North admit wrongdoing .
Japan 's Prime Minister said in a statement that North Korea 's action was " unforgivable " .
Yukio Hatoyama said Japan would support South Korea if it sought a UN Security Council resolution against North Korea .
However the BBC's John Sudworth in Seoul says agreeing on an international response will be difficult as the diplomatic options will be limited .
Britain 's first - ever TV ad for an abortion clinic has angered anti-choice groups — despite the fact that , like the infamous Pam Tebow ad , it never mentions the word " abortion . "
Advertisement
The thirty - second spot , which is set to air Monday on the UK's Channel 4 , will ask viewers " are you late ? "
It will then provide the number of a helpline run by Marie Stopes International , an abortion and sexual health clinic .
The UK's Broadcast Committee of Advertising Practice actually bans for - profit companies from advertising abortion services , but since Marie Stopes is a nonprofit , the ban does n't apply to them .
However , the commercial wo n't run in Northern Ireland , where abortion is still illegal .
Advertisement
Plenty of anti-choice groups in other parts of the UK think the advertisement should n't be running anywhere .
Michaela Aston of the group Life told the BBC ,
To allow abortion providers to advertise on TV , as though they were no different from car companies or detergent manufacturers , is grotesque .
By suggesting that abortion is yet another consumer choice , it trivialises human life and completely contravenes the spirit of the 1967 Abortion Act , which was supposed to allow for a small number of legal abortions in a limited number of hard cases , but has been twisted and distorted to allow for mass abortion on demand .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The Guardian 's Laurie Penny handily satirizes this position , referring to " the decision by Marie Stopes International to advertise on television – almost as if it were offering a legal service that a third of British women will have cause to access in their lifetime . "
Penny makes the important point that " our culture is saturated with graphic commercial images of women 's bodies , and yet frank conversation about health concerns that affect all women is almost entirely absent from the public arena . "
Many objections to the ad seem to revolve around the idea that public discussion of abortion is somehow unseemly — says Mike Judge of the Christian Institute , " Getting an abortion is not like buying soap powder , and it should n't be advertised on TV . "
But it 's perfectly accepted to use ( an idealized , cleaned - up version of ) women 's sexuality to sell everything from cars to hamburgers — to balk at discussions of actual women having actual sex and coping with the consequences is , as Penny points out , the height of hypocrisy .
Just as American anti-abortion groups sometimes make the ridiculous claim that Planned Parenthood rakes in enormous profits from abortions , Britain 's Society for the Protection of Unborn Children accuses Marie Stopes of running a racket .
Spokesman Anthony Ozimic says the organization 's " huge multi-national revenue means it can afford TV advertising , which is hugely expensive .
This creates an unfair playing field , as pro-life groups simply cannot afford any such advertising " ( maybe Focus on the Family could help them out ) .
Ozimic also says , " Marie Stopes may claim to be a non-profit organisation , but they have a financial interest in drumming up demand for abortion . "
The irony here is that so many companies actually seek to make a profit off of women 's bodies , either by using them as advertising tools , or by selling all manner of modifications to them in the name of beauty ( or both ) .
And yet when an organization tries to give women actual information about their own bodies — Marie Stopes notes that it got 350,000 calls to its helpline last year , but performed only 65,000 abortions — that organization is branded as mercenary .
The controversy is a sad reminder that the battle for women 's reproductive rights is international , and that this battle is far from won .
Advertisement
Image via Guardian .
Outcry Over Abortion Advert Is About Power , Not Saving Foetuses [ Guardian ]
Abortion Ad Blocked In Northern Ireland [ Guardian ]
Abortion Services To Be Advertised On UK Television For First Time [ Guardian ]
Abortion Advice Organisation Marie Stopes To Air TV Ad [ BBC ]
Britain's First Abortion Television Advert In Spite Of Ban [ Telegraph ]
Image caption President Obama spoke with the prime minister on Tuesday
US President Barack Obama has discussed the Saville Report into Bloody Sunday with the prime minister .
President Obama spoke of the " historic nature " of the David Cameron 's statement to the House of Commons on the inquiry into Bloody Sunday .
He also commended the events of last week for their " contribution to NI 's reconciliation efforts " .
Last Tuesday , Mr Cameron said the events of Bloody Sunday were " unjustified and unjustifiable " .
President Obama and Mr Cameron spoke by telephone , ahead of the G8 and G20 meeting in Canada later this week .
Thirteen marchers were shot dead on 30 January 1972 in Londonderry when British paratroopers opened fire on crowds at a civil rights demonstration .
← Sidebar
There are a lot of abandoned military objects on the territory of Russia and other Former Soviet Union countries , but most of them are looted by local people .
And here are the sceneries of the former airbase that remained almost intact .
The photos were captured by netwind .
Tags : Abandoned
<< Volgograd oblast page was updated
Vladimir oblast page was updated >>
" There 's been a certain amount of tension between us in the past . "
Alynna Nechayev was a Human Starfleet flag officer during the late - 24th century .
She spent much of the 2360s and early 2370s dealing with issues near the Cardassian border .
( TNG : " Chain of Command , Part I " , " Journey 's End " , " Preemptive Strike " ; DS9 : " The Maquis , Part II " )
Contents show ]
Personal life
Nechayev had a particular fondness for Bularian canapés , though she thought them fattening .
( TNG : " Journey 's End " , " Preemptive Strike " )
Career
Nechayev was a significant figure in Starfleet 's dealings with the Cardassian Union and a fierce advocate of Federation security .
She was Captain Jean - Luc Picard 's direct superior , but her working relationship with him was poor .
In 2369 , while serving as a Vice Admiral , she ordered Picard to relinquish command of the USS Enterprise - D to Captain Edward Jellico , the latter having experience with Cardassians in the past and having worked to establish the original armistice ending the Federation - Cardassian War .
She assigned Picard to a special operation to infiltrate a Cardassian installation on Celtris III .
After Jellico 's negotiations with Gul Lemec worsened , she authorized his actions against the Cardassian warships in the McAllister C - 5 Nebula , at the risk of provoking open war and abandoning Picard .
( TNG : " Chain of Command , Part I " , " Chain of Command , Part II " )
Later that year , Nechayev paid another visit to the Enterprise - D. Nechayev believed that Picard was too soft - handed in his dealings with Federation adversaries .
She cited in particular his refusal to use Hugh as a carrier to introduce an invasive program into the Borg Collective .
When she commanded the Starfleet task forces assembled in response to attacks by the rogue Borg led by Lore , she ordered Picard to deploy the program should another opportunity avail itself .
Her flagship at the time was the USS Gorkon .
( TNG : " Descent " )
Nechayev was promoted to the rank of Fleet Admiral in the year 2370 , during which time she paid a third visit to the Enterprise - D. Picard tried making amends by contacting the Admiral 's aide Commander Wrightwell to find about her fondness of Bularian canapés , which he then offered her in an attempt to help her feel welcome aboard the Enterprise .
However , his objections to her order removing the Native American colonists from the Dorvan V colony in the Demilitarized Zone left tension between the two .
( TNG : " Journey 's End " )
During this year , she also played a role in the Federation - Cardassian Treaty , and subsequently oversaw Starfleet 's response to the Maquis insurrection following Gul Dukat 's kidnapping .
Though she understood , and sympathized with , the Maquis position , she was committed to preserving the Federation 's peace with the Cardassians despite Central Command arming their colonists covertly .
As part of her efforts , she requested Ro Laren 's participation in an undercover mission to infiltrate the Maquis – but this backfired on her when Ro joined the Maquis instead .
( DS9 : " The Maquis , Part II " ; TNG : " Preemptive Strike " )
Nechayev was used in a simulation performed by the Vorta Borath to investigate possible reactions of Benjamin Sisko , Jadzia Dax , Miles O'Brien , Julian Bashir and Sub - Commander T'Rul to an increased Dominion presence in the Alpha Quadrant in 2371 .
In this simulation , Nechayev informed Sisko that Deep Space 9 was being handed over to the Dominion , an agreement to which the Bajorans strongly objected .
( DS9 : " The Search , Part II " )
Later that year , when the crew of Deep Space 9 had recovered a Jem ' Hadar youth , and Odo opted to return him to the Dominion rather than to hand them over to the incoming USS Constellation , Sisko justified the change of plans by stating that while Admiral Nechayev would not have liked it , " I would 've had to kill the boy to keep him here . "
( DS9 : " The Abandoned " )
Memorable quotes
" Admiral , with all due respect , it 's not necessary to give Captain Jellico command of the Enterprise just to conduct a negotiation . "
" I disagree .
The Enterprise will be in a dangerous situation and I want someone on the bridge who has a great deal of experience with the Cardassians .
No offense , commander , but that 's not you . "
" Your priority is to safeguard the lives of Federation citizens , not to wrestle with your conscience . "
- Nechayev to Jean - Luc Picard ( TNG : " Descent " )
" Granted , but to go to them now after twenty years later and ask them to leave what is now their home . "
" I made that same argument with the Federation Council .
But it took three years to negotiate this treaty .
Some concessions had to be made , and this is one of them . "
- Jean -Luc Picard and Nechayev ( TNG : " Journey 's End " )
" Evek manages to make the Cardassians sound like helpless sheep being preyed on by Federation wolves . "
- Nechayev , to Jean - Luc Picard ( TNG : " Preemptive Strike " )
" The Maquis are a bunch of irresponsible hotheads . "
Appendices
Appearances
Background information
Nechayev was played by Natalia Nogulich .
She wore the rank insignia of a vice admiral in all of her appearances .
According to the final draft script for " Chain of Command , Part I " , the pronunciation for Alynna was " al - EE - ah - na " .
In the first draft script she was called Vice - Admiral Cooper .
There were two spellings for her last name .
The first spelling of her last name , Nechayev ( " Neh - che - yev " ) , was found in the scripts for " Chain of Command , Part I " , " Descent , Part I " , " Preemptive Strike " , StarTrek.com , and the Star Trek Encyclopedia ( 3rd ed. , p. 317 ) .
The second spelling of her last name , Necheyev ( " neh - CHAY - ev " ) , was found in the scripts for " Journey 's End " , " The Maquis , Part II " , " The Search , Part II " , and " Fascination " .
In her first on - screen appearance , the script for " Chain of Command , Part I " describes Nechayev as , " a tall graceful woman in her late fifties , with a dark complexion .
She charges into the room , her every movement emphasizing urgency . "
This would put her birth year at some point during the 2310s . [ 1 ]
In an interview with SubspaceCommunique.com , Nogulich revealed she was given the part of Nechayev after interviewing for two different roles on Star Trek : The Next Generation .
Though she was unsuccessful in the auditions , the producers were impressed by her work and later offered her the role of Nechayev .
As Nogulich recalled , " They liked my work , they seemed interested in me , but they said I was n't quite right for that particular role , or whatever it was . [… ]
And then I went in the second time for something else , and it also was n't a complete fit .
But again , they were clearly interested in having me be , you know … when they ask you back to audition more than once , it 's a sign that they 're appreciative of your work . [… ]
So anyway , finally , the third time , my agent said , you know , you 're going for this role which will probably recur and it's a very strong part … and they had actually gotten feedback about me from the other roles , I was too strong for whatever the other roles were .
So this one is a really strong character and you can go for it and they seem to think it 's a good match for you .
So , I really dug my teeth in for the audition and worked very hard on it , and went in very prepared .
It just felt great when I did it .
It felt like I nailed it and indeed , what was a day later , or later that day , I 'm not sure , I got the call from my agent that I was going to do it .
And then I ended up doing another , and another , and another . " [ 2 ]
Nogulich came to believe that , had The Next Generation gone into another season , her character would have been developed even more with Picard so that their relationship was less adversarial .
Looking back on playing Nechayev , she recalled , " It was a perfect fit .
I mean , I have a Slavic background , she had a Slavic name .
I do tend to play strong characters .
I 'm a character actor and that was a good fit . " [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
When playing Nechayev , Nogulich was influenced by the experiences of her family , many of whom had served in the military .
She drew particular influence from her father , who had served in World War II and taken part in the Normandy invasion , and her grandfather , a Medal of Honor recipient in his own right .
" So having this background of , you know , military , " Nogulich explained , " I did look to that , what I had learned and observed from stories from them , and then …
I realized what she was saying and realized this woman , Nechayev , was passionate about principle .
She really believed in what she was saying was the absolute best thing for the Federation .
And I got from her , like most leaders , she had to make hard decisions that were not popular .
She could n't afford to be the humanitarian that Picard was .
She could n't afford to say , ' well yeah , maybe the Borg are people too and we should be nice to them ' , you know .
They were our enemies and she needed to the be the one who said , ' next time , you have an opportunity to destroy them , you will do it ' . [ … ]
So , I guess when you ask me who historically … I really look to my dad and my grandfather . " [ 5 ]
In a 2013 interview with Ellis Martin , Nogulich recalled a US Marine approaching her during the Official Star Trek Convention in Las Vegas and telling her of generals who watched her performance as Nechayev in order to get an idea of how to speak to their subordinates .
Though she was flattered by the comment , Nogulich commented , " It all goes back to the writing , I have to bow my head to that .
Because they wrote a great character .
And they wrote worthy conflict between me and Captain Picard .
And also between me and Captain Sisko – Avery Brooks . [ … ]
And perhaps it was fueled by the fact I was a woman , I do n't know . " [ 6 ]
Writer Ronald D. Moore decided to utilize Nechayev as a recurring character due to both continuity of the Maquis arc , and as a reflection on Nogulich 's work .
In " Journey 's End " , Moore initially wrote about Nechayev as resisting Picard 's overtures of détente , but he later agreed with Michael Piller that Picard could actually get through to her .
( Star Trek : The Next Generation Companion , p.291 )
Director David Livingston later mirrored these remarks , commenting , " You want to have the opportunity for crossover and continuity .
It 's fun to do that with a character when you find somebody that 's good in the part , like Evek and Admiral Nechayev .
The audience enjoys it . "
( Star Trek : Deep Space Nine Companion , p.134 )
In a scene cut from " Fascination " , Lwaxana Troi mentions that Nechayev was a friend of hers , considering her " the sister she never had . " [ 7 ]
Apocrypha
The Pocket TNG novel The Genesis Wave , Book 3 gives her year of birth during the mid-2300s .
In the first book of the series , Nechayev is appointed lead Starfleet officer in the Genesis Wave Crisis , personally overseeing the evacuation of many planets .
With the crew of the USS Enterprise , she is able to prevent the wave from striking Earth .
However , her face was temporarily disfigured when she is on a planet hit by the wave .
Although protected she is given newly mutagenic soil which heals her burns and saves her life , giving an almost two - face effect on her appearance .
Nechayev later undergoes surgery to restore her face to normal .
In the Star Trek : The Next Generation - The Space Between comic An Inconvenient Truth , Nechayev enters Starfleet Academy determined to prove herself .
Years later , Academy groundskeeper Boothby describes her as having " a chip on her shoulder the size of Jupiter , so ready to prove a beautiful woman could be a starship captain . "
Later in the story , Nechayev becomes involved in a conspiracy within Starfleet , which had been using discoveries from the logs of Starfleet vessels to create weapons and forward a political agenda in the Alpha Quadrant .
However , she is not totally compliant with the conspiracy - while she promised to " handle Picard , " she saves his life when an assassin within the conspiracy tries to kill him , and in the process beams the Captain into the conspirator 's base of operations .
Nechayev also appears in the Pocket DS9 novel Day of the Vipers , which states that , by 2328 , Nechayev was a lieutenant in Starfleet Intelligence .
That year , based on intelligence from Bajoran dissident Keeve Falor , she traveled to Bajor disguised as a Bajoran under the name Nechen Alla , to investigate claims that the Cardassian Union was planning to occupy the planet .
With her partner Gwen Jones , she was able to discover evidence of these plans , but upon returning with the intelligence to the USS Gettysburg , learned Starfleet intended to treat the matter as an internal political affair .
Nechayev later informed Bajoran refugee Darrah Mace that she would do all she could to help the Bajorans resist the Cardassians .
According to the Pocket TNG novel Rogue Saucer , by 2342 , Nechayev had achieved the rank of commander and was assigned to lead a small team on the Ganymede colony .
This is contradicted in the novel A Time to Be Born , which states Nechayev had already achieved the rank of Rear Admiral by 2341 .
In this story , Nechayev meets with Data , who was hoping to join Starfleet and allowes him to skip the Academy entrance exams and to move to an accelerated track with credit for individual study .
While in A Time to Heal , Admiral Nechayev is one of five Starfleet admirals who , along with Captain Jean - Luc Picard and Ambassador Lagan Serra , decide the fate of Federation President Min Zife after the disastrous Tezwan affair in 2379 .
Furthermore , in Rogue Saucer , Admiral Nechayev orders Captain Picard to test a new Galaxy - class saucer section while the Enterprise 's saucer section undergoes repairs .
She accompanies the Enterprise crew during these tests and later confronts the Maquis when they attempted to hijack the saucer section , subsequently crash landing it in the ocean of a nearby planet where it is destroyed .
The Star Trek : New Frontier novel House of Cards states that , by the early 2360s , Nechayev had attained the rank of Vice Admiral and oversaw operations at Starfleet Intelligence .
In 2370 , she assigns Mackenzie Calhoun to do undercover work on the frontier , after Calhoun resigns from Starfleet .
She continues to give him new assignments , but after a few years , becomes worried that he is becoming corrupted by the nature of his work .
In 2373 , Nechayev controls key aspects of Starfleet 's response to the collapse of the Thallonian Empire .
After being convinced by Captain Picard , Commander Riker , and Ambassador Spock , she decides that the best course of action is to send a Starfleet vessel , the Excalibur , into Sector 221 - G to observe the situation and offer humanitarian assistance .
She asks Picard to retrieve Mackenzie Calhoun from his operative work to command the Excalibur .
This is followed up in the Double Helix novel Double or Nothing , in which Nechayev , monitoring the Double Helix incident , installs Commander Riker as the field captain of the Excalibur , pulling Captain Calhoun from the ship and sending him on another mission related to the Double Helix through her connections at Starfleet Intelligence .
She later appears in the Star Trek : Terok Nor book Dawn of the Eagles , when she is contacted by Elias Vaughn regarding a Cardassian informant , Gaten Russol , who wants to give information about the occupation of Bajor .
She reassigns Vaughn to Starbase 375 so that he could make contact with Russol , but gather only information relating to the Federation and not discuss Bajor .
This takes place in the year 2365 .
The Strange New Worlds II short story Seventh Heaven reveals that Nechayev 's orders to destroy the Borg at the next available opportunity were disseminated to all Starfleet commanders .
In the The Brave and the Bold , Book Two novella The Third Artifact , Nechayev becomes a point - person for issues arising between Federation expatriates and Cardassian forces in the early 2370s .
In the Invasion !
novel Time 's Enemy , Nechayev participates in a subspace conference with Admirals Judith Hayman , Hajime Shoji and Kirshbaum , Captain Benjamin Sisko and Professor T'Kreng of the Vulcan Science Academy about a possible Fury invasion .
The other purpose of the discussion is the discovery of the USS Defiant frozen in Earth 's Oort cloud .
Nechayev suggestes that the present Defiant be kept in drydock at Deep Space 9 until the future version disappears .
This story takes place in 2371 .
Nechayev briefly appears in the Deep Space Nine novel Hollow Men , in which she engages in a heated debate on the Dominion War with Tomas Roeder in a Federation News Service broadcast , and according to the Pocket TNG novel Before Dishonor , she witnesses the destruction of Pluto by a Borg supercube from Starfleet Command on Earth .
In Greater than the Sum , Nechayev informs the crew of the Enterprise that a Borg invasion of the Alpha Quadrant has begun in early - 2381 .
This story is continued in the Star Trek : Destiny novels Gods of Night , Mere Mortals , and Lost Souls , in which Nechayev plays a prominent role .
The SCE eBook Progress states that when Nechayev reached the rank of Captain , she was given command of the USS Boudicca .
Her first officer on that ship was Commander David Gold .
In the follow - up book The Future Begins , a displaced Captain Montgomery Scott encounters Admiral Nechayev on the pleasure planet Risa in 2375 .
Nechayev is also available as a commanding officer in the Federation campaign of Star Trek : Deep Space Nine : Dominion Wars and has a card in the Star Trek Customizable Card Game .
Siemens
The electricity market is in the doldrums , but the market for new generating stations that use natural gas is going strong , industry experts say .
Why ?
Because gas is beginning to replace coal , according to Randy H. Zwirn , president of the Siemens Power Generation Group .
On Monday , Siemens is announcing [ pdf ] that it has won contracts to supply five new high - efficiency gas plants to Progress Energy at two sites in North Carolina that have old coal - fired generators .
It is also replacing old gas - fired plants in Florida .
The H.F. Lee Energy Complex , near Goldsboro , has three coal - fired generators that began operating in 1951 , 1952 and 1962 .
The three coal - fired generators at the Sutton plant , near Wilmington , went into service in 1954 , 1955 and 1972 .
The six plants are among 11 that Progress owns in North Carolina that do not have sulfur scrubbers .
The company has said it will eventually close all 11 .
“ I think they came to the conclusion with all the uncertainty , and the likelihood that the rules for pollutants like mercury , sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxides will be further tightened , it ’s not worth spending hundreds of millions of dollars on the back end ” of an old power plant , Mr. Zwirn said .
What is more , he said , in the decades that a new plant would run , there is a possibility that restrictions will be imposed on carbon dioxide emissions .
Per kilowatt - hour generated , the new gas - fired generators will reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 60 percent and nitrogen oxides by 95 percent from levels produced by their coal - fired predecessors .
Nearly 100 percent of sulfur dioxides will be eliminated , and all of the mercury , Siemens said .
The company said it was also providing six gas turbine generators to Florida Power & Light , which will use them to replace generators at Riviera Beach and Cape Canaveral that can burn oil or gas .
The old generators date from the 1960 ’s , and the new ones will produce far more electricity per cubic foot of gas burned , Siemens said , reducing emissions of carbon dioxide and gases at the same time .
For most of the past 50 years , utilities have had to decide what to build to meet the growth in load .
Yet Siemens says it is building natural gas projects in places that are not expected to need any new capacity until 2018 or 2020 , suggesting that many of its projects are intended to replace , not supplement , existing generators .
Many of these plants take only two years or so to build .
If they are replacing an old plant that already has land zoned for industrial use and access to the grid and to cooling water , the process is relatively swift .
A few big coal plants are still under construction around the country , and Siemens builds equipment that will be used in some of them .
But Mr. Zwirn said that , looking forward , “ I do n’t know of any negotiations we have currently going on for new coal plants . ’’
“ Load growth is currently not the driver for new capacity additions , ’’ he said .
Even in advance of potential legislation limiting emissions of carbon dioxide , he said , “ I think we ’re beginning to experience the beginning of a fleet restructuring here in the U.S. that ’s driven by regulation . ’’
June 17 , 2010
https://www.lewrockwell.com/podcast/154-take-your-money-out-of-the-banks-3/
A podcast with Joseph Salerno .
Economist Joe Salerno explains that it is important to move your money from megabanks to less - unsound , smaller ones , and to stop using fractional banks at all , to the extent you can .
As Joe explains , every time you take cash out of a bank , you hinder the bank - Fed - state combine , and perform a public service .
Joe and Lew also discuss the problems of the current money and banking system , how shaky it is , and what a free market alternative would look like .
Fundamentals of Economic Analysis : A Causal - Realist Approach MP3CD
More from Joe Salerno : Daily Articles , Literature , Media , and a book coming out soon , Money : Sound and Unsound .
Did you know that the performance of an if - statement depends on whether its condition has a predictable pattern ?
If the condition is always true or always false , the branch prediction logic in the processor will pick up the pattern .
On the other hand , if the pattern is unpredictable , the if - statement will be much more expensive .
In this article , I ’ll explain why today ’s processors behave this way .
Let ’s measure the performance of this loop with different conditions :
for ( int i = 0 ; i < max ; i++ ) if ( < condition > ) sum ++;
Here are the timings of the loop with different True - False patterns :
Condition Pattern Time ( ms ) ( i & 0x80000000 ) == 0 T repeated 322 ( i & 0xffffffff ) == 0 F repeated 276 ( i & 1 ) == 0 TF alternating 760 ( i & 3 ) == 0 TFFFTFFF … 513 ( i & 2 ) == 0 TTFFTTFF … 1675 ( i & 4 ) == 0 TTTTFFFFTTTTFFFF … 1275 ( i & 8 ) == 0 8T 8F 8T 8 F … 752 ( i & 16 ) == 0 16T 16 F 16T 16 F … 490
A “ bad ” true - false pattern can make an if - statement up to six times slower than a “ good ” pattern !
Of course , which pattern is good and which is bad depends on the exact instructions generated by the compiler and on the specific processor .
Let ’s look at the processor counters
One way to understand how the processor used its time is to look at the hardware counters .
To help with performance tuning , modern processors track various counters as they execute code : the number of instructions executed , the number of various types of memory accesses , the number of branches encountered , and so forth .
To read the counters , you ’ll need a tool such as the profiler in Visual Studio 2010 Premium or Ultimate , AMD Code Analyst or Intel VTune .
To verify that the slowdowns we observed were really due to the if - statement performance , we can look at the Mispredicted Branches counter :
The worst pattern ( TTFFTTFF … ) results in 774 branch mispredictions , while the good patterns only get around 10 .
No wonder that the bad case took the longest 1.67 seconds , while the good patterns only took around 300 ms !
Let ’s take a look at what “ branch prediction ” does , and why it has a major impact on the processor performance .
What ’s the role of branch prediction ?
To explain what branch prediction is and why it impacts the performance numbers , we first need to take a look at how modern processors work .
To complete each instruction , the CPU goes through these ( and more ) stages :
1. Fetch : Read the next instruction .
2. Decode : Determine the meaning of the instruction .
3. Execute : Perform the real ‘ work ’ of the instruction .
4. Write - back : Store results into memory .
An important optimization is that the stages of the pipeline can process different instructions at the same time .
So , as one instruction is getting fetched , a second one is being decoded , a third is executing and the results of fourth are getting written back .
Modern processors have pipelines with 10 – 31 stages ( e.g. , Pentium 4 Prescott has 31 stages ) , and for optimum performance , it is very important to keep all stages as busy as possible .
Image from http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Pipeline,_4_stage.svg
Branches ( i.e. conditional jumps ) present a difficulty for the processor pipeline .
After fetching a branch instruction , the processor needs to fetch the next instruction .
But , there are two possible “ next ” instructions !
The processor wo n’t be sure which instruction is the next one until the branching instruction makes it to the end of the pipeline .
Instead of stalling the pipeline until the branching instruction is fully executed , modern processors attempt to predict whether the jump will or will not be taken .
Then , the processor can fetch the instruction that it thinks is the next one .
If the prediction turns out wrong , the processor will simply discard the partially executed instructions that are in the pipeline .
See the Wikipedia page on branch predictor implementation for some typical techniques used by processors to collect and interpret branch statistics .
Modern branch predictors are good at predicting simple patterns : all true , all false , true - false alternating , and so on .
But if the pattern happens to be something that throws off the branch predictor , the performance hit will be significant .
Thankfully , most branches have easily predictable patterns , like the two examples highlighted below :
int SumArray ( int [ ] array ) { if ( array == null ) throw new ArgumentNullException ( " array " ) ; int sum=0 ; for ( int i=0 ; i<array .
Length ; i++) sum += array [ i ] ; return sum ; }
The first highlighted condition validates the input , and so the branch will be taken only very rarely .
The second highlighted condition is a loop termination condition .
This will also almost always go one way , unless the arrays processed are extremely short .
So , in these cases – as in most cases – the processor branch prediction logic will be effective at preventing stalls in the processor pipeline .
Updates and Clarifications
This article got picked up by reddit , and got a fair bit of attention in the reddit comments .
I ’ll respond to the questions , comments and criticisms below .
First , regarding the comments that optimizing for branch prediction is generally a bad idea : I agree .
I do not argue anywhere in the article that you should try to write your code to optimize for branch prediction .
For the vast majority of high - level code , I ca n’t even imagine how you ’d do that .
Second , there was a concern whether the executed instructions for different cases differ in something else other than the constant value .
They do n’t – I looked at the JIT - ted assembly .
If you ’d like to see the JIT - ted assembly code or the C# source code , send me an email and I ’ll send them back .
( I am not posting the code here because I do n’t want to blow up this update . )
Third , another question was on the surprisingly poor performance of the TTFF * pattern .
The TTFF * pattern has a short period , and as such should be an easy case for the branch prediction algorithms .
However , the problem is that modern processors do n’t track history for each branching instruction separately .
Instead , they either track global history of all branches , or they have several history slots , each potentially shared by multiple branching instructions .
Or , they can use some combination of these tricks , together with other techniques .
So , the TTFF pattern in the if - statement may not be TTFF by the time it gets to the branch predictor .
It may get interleaved with other branches ( there are 2 branching instructions in the body of a for - loop ) , and possibly approximated in other ways too .
But , I do n’t claim to be an expert on what precisely each processor does , and if someone reading this has an authoritative reference to how different processors behave ( esp. Intel Core2 that I tested on ) , please let me know in comments .
When the puck drops on Round 2 this afternoon at TD Garden , Marc Savard will be in Boston ’s lineup .
Jeff Carter ( foot ) , Simon Gagne ( foot ) , and Ian Laperriere ( concussion ) will be out of Philadelphia’s .
In : One elite playmaker , albeit a center who has n’t seen action in nearly two months .
Out :
An elite finisher , another top - six forward , and a grinding character guy .
“ Every day has been building , ’’ Savard said after yesterday ’s final tuneup at the Garden .
“ Today was by far my best day out there .
Wind - wise , legs - wise , I ’m almost up to par .
It ’s still those battles in the corners that are going to be the toughest thing .
Once I get battling , I ’m going to have to keep my shifts short early , keep my energy up , and go from there . ’’
Although the injury swing favors the Bruins to start , coach Claude Julien has been quick to issue reminders about any rust in Savard ’s game in his first few appearances .
“ We ’ve got to be careful that we do n’t think that all of a sudden , Marc Savard ’s going to come in and control everything , ’’ Julien said .
“ He has n’t played in two months .
So let ’s understand that he ’s going to need some time .
We ’re going to make sure that again , we give him that opportunity to better himself as we move along .
You ’ve got a great player coming into your lineup .
But you ’ve got a great player who has n’t played in two months who ’s stepping into the second round of the playoffs .
Cautious is certainly something we have to be when it comes to that and not put too much on his plate . ’’
That means at the start , no first - line duties for Savard .
No work on the No. 1 power - play unit .
Most likely no penalty - killing chores .
Savard ’s return , however , has created a ripple effect throughout the lineup that should make the Bruins even tougher in Round 2 :
■ The No. 2 power - play unit , which hummed along without a center in the first round , will have Savard back on the draw ( 48.8 percent success rate during the regular season ) .
Miroslav Satan , a natural right wing , took most of the faceoffs against Buffalo ( 3 for 7 in the series ) .
“ On the second [ unit ] , the biggest task was winning the faceoff , ’’ said Julien .
“ We sacrificed that so that we could put the right people on the first power play .
Obviously it worked well .
’’ Johnny Boychuk and Dennis Wideman will work the points .
Yesterday , Savard practiced with two down - low units : Satan and Milan Lucic , and Marco Sturm and Michael Ryder .
The Guardian named This Ain't the Rosedale Library in Toronto one of the best bookstores in the world .
When my first novel came out , they were so insanely good to me .
They hand sold my book to everyone who came into that place .
They must have sold 500 copies , which is unheard of for a single bookstore , especially for a practically self - published book .
And now they 're in serious financial trouble .
And it 's a shame , and a travesty and an outrage , and I think I bought maybe three books there over the last year .
I buy books every week .
But Amazon is cheaper , and has a much broader selection .
Chapters / Indigo sells their hardcovers for 30 % off .
These are huge companies and they can afford to cut prices like that .
It 's terrible , and it is exactly why I shop at those places .
When a great bookstore like This Ain't the Rosedale Library goes down , everybody notices , and everybody complains , and I wish that some of us had shopped there instead .
For developers creating multiplayer games , the beta is invaluable -- data on every aspect of how the game is played comes rushing in .
But Blizzard 's StarCraft II design director Dustin Browder warns that caution is required when sifting through the data for meaningful changes to make .
He also says that it 's not Blizzard 's place to create an innovative competitive PC RTS with StarCraft II , as it fills a very specific niche in the market -- shaped by both the series ' broad popularity and its place at the forefront of the e-sports movement .
These and other topics are touched on in this interview , which encompasses the single and multiplayer modes , both of which Browder has responsibility for .
As design director , are you equally responsible for single - player and multiplayer design ?
They seem like very different games , more so than in the original StarCraft .
Dustin Browder : I am both single and multi .
I have a lot of folks who help me out with that , though .
I have a staff of very skilled designers in both areas .
They do a lot of the heavy lifting .
Having been in the beta test for a couple months , I would imagine the amount of balance and design data you have to work with has skyrocketed .
DB : It 's pretty high .
We can learn a lot .
The danger with a lot of this data is that you have to be very careful how you use it .
With unit stats , I can tell you that , for example , in a Protoss versus Terran game , 12 percent of the time the Protoss build carriers .
And when they build carriers , they win 70 percent of the time .
You could say , " That must mean carriers are overpowered ! "
That 's not really true , though .
It could just be that as you get towards the end of the game , if the Protoss have the extra resources to waste on a bunch of carriers , they 're probably going to win anyway .
In other words , if your opponent has n't managed to stop you being able to build 24 carriers ...
DB : Right .
Of course , it does n't mean the carriers are n't overpowered either .
That stat alone actually tells you nothing .
It 's a very dangerous stat .
If you listen to that stat , you can make all kinds of mistakes .
The real challenge for us is to continue to sort the wheat from the chaff , to determine which stats are real , which stats are meaningful , and which ones we should be looking at to make a meaningful change .
So you get that empirical data based on stat tracking , you get feedback from the beta forums , and then you get the high - level meta - game that exists largely in the minds and strategic evolution of experienced players .
DB : Yup .
And our personal play experience , which is probably the most important .
We take from whichever one is providing the correct information .
If we look at the stats and we say , " This does n't actually back anything we 're experiencing online , " I 'm very suspicious of that number .
We get information from a lot of different sources , and then we use the other sources to refute or corroborate .
We look at another source and say , " You know what ?
What they 're saying online matches my play experience , and it matches the stats .
This seems real .
Let 's talk about what some possible fixes can be . "
On the other hand , " You know , what they 're saying online does not match my play experience and it does not match the stats .
Let 's put this on a watch list , and if we see more information that can prove it to us , we 'll make a fix .
If we do n't , maybe it will go away and was never real . "
How much do you make a point to follow the meta - game that surrounds high - level players ?
Do you explicitly try to track that scene ?
It can be like going down the rabbit hole .
DB : We do track what 's going on , but we do n't make changes to try to push it in any direction .
We 're not trying to manipulate the meta - game so much as we 're trying to make sure the overall experience is a positive one .
We saw , through StarCraft : Brood War especially , how many times the meta - game changed when we did n't even make any balance changes .
One of the challenges for us is to know when not to touch it .
I do n't know how we 're going to hit that .
That 's the challenge for us down the road , and that 's where we lean on guys like [ Blizzard game design VP ]
Rob Pardo , guys who have been through this for many , many years .
We can go to these guys and say , " Hey , you 've done this before .
Do you have any opinion of what seems real to you here ? "
We can use that vast well of experience Blizzard has at this point for this kind of work to help us out .
Looking historically , even after StarCraft came out , it was n't really until Brood War that it really took off and something clicked .
DB : Yeah .
Blizzard had a while to ease into that .
Now , you guys are expected to hit that right out of the gate .
Do you think you 're operating in a development design mentality as a result than that team was ?
DB : Absolutely .
We have so much more information available to us than they had then , both in terms of stat - tracking and in terms of contact with the community .
And the community is smarter .
These guys learned how to play this game much faster than they learned how to play StarCraft or Brood War .
We have the advantage of their additional knowledge as well as the advantage of our additional knowledge .
And of course , we 're shooting for e-sports , which did n't exist in the way it does now .
We 're targeting something that simply was never there .
It 's definitely a brave new world in that respect .
There 's all kinds of new information out there for us to get , and there 's all kinds of new targets to hit that simply were n't there before .
Samsung might have entertained us with some trash talk about the iPhone 4's IPS LCD yesterday , but this stuff is of a rather more somber variety .
Raymond Soneira , president of monitor diagnostics firm DisplayMate , has said that Apple 's retina display marketing is inaccurate , because he believes a display that truly makes pixels indistinguishable to the human eye would require a density in the vicinity of 477dpi .
The iPhone 4 has 326dpi , and by now you might be surmising that Steve Jobs flat out lied when he said that the iPhone 4's pixels are too small for the human retina to discern from 12 inches away .
But not so fast , says Phil Plait from Discover , whose résumé includes calibrating a camera on board the Hubble space telescope .
He 's done the math too and finds that the 477 number applies only to people with perfect vision .
For the vast majority of us , Steve 's claim stands up to scrutiny ; even folks with 20 / 20 eyesight would n't be able to tell where one pixel ends and another begins .
So it turns out Apple can do its math , even if its marketing is n't true for every single humanoid on the planet .
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
Fighting Food Fascism Monsanto turning Farners into serfs Subscribe to Brasscheck TV
Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
Monsanto's sociopathic destructiveness
Advertisement
It 's pretty clear that the US ( and Canada ) are ruled by Wall Street and the oil companies , but there 's a third closely related member of this unholy trinity that presents an even more sinister threat ...
Monsanto and its criminal allies in Washington DC and Ottawa .
They intend not only to steal our wealth , but also our ability to feed ourselves without TOTAL dependence on their " products . "
Genetically modified organisms have NOTHING to do with higher yields or disease resistance .
They 're a trojan horse designed to turn farmers ( and the rest of of ) into 21st century serfs .
The hero in this video is Canadian farmer Percy Schmeiser .
Meanwhile , Road Runner and Wile E. Coyote are going back to work in movie theaters in a series of 3 - D shorts .
The first of these shorts 
Warner has approved three , and three more are in development  will play ahead of the movie “ Cats & Dogs : The Revenge of Kitty Galore , ” which arrives in theaters July 30 .
Image Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck will be roommates in a coming Cartoon Network series .
Credit ...
Warner Brothers Entertainment
The studio ’s consumer products and home entertainment divisions are trying to do their share , releasing a new Nintendo game featuring the Tasmanian Devil in September and several new DVD compilations .
An expansion is also under way at LooneyTunes.com .
“ We talked at great length about whether we were audacious enough to take on such iconic treasures , ” said Peter Roth , president of Warner Brothers Television , who was recently given oversight of the franchise after a restructuring .
“ It ’s both costly and risky , but I think an extraordinary opportunity . ”
Warner declined to say how much it is spending on the initiative , but the television series alone carries a cost of about $ 750,000 an episode , according to industry estimates .
“ We want to reinvigorate the brand with the best possible execution  high - quality , high - end state of the art , ” Mr. Roth said .
Improving the quality will not be difficult .
“ The bar had gone so low that we could only go up , ” said Sam Register , who took over as executive vice president of creative affairs at Warner Brothers Animation two years ago , referring to previous efforts to reimagine Looney Tunes for a new generation .
Covert operations to uncover your partner ’s secrets
For certain people , divorce – or even the thought of divorce – brings their very worst qualities to the fore .
Divorce is an emotional rollercoaster .
When people are really hurting , particularly if they have been “ swapped ” for somebody else , self - preservation becomes all - important .
But for some , such a state of mind leads to all - consuming hatred , malice and a desire for vengeance .
After 25 years as a divorce solicitor , nothing surprises me anymore .
Drawing upon my own experiences – some of them eye - opening – I have compiled a countdown of the top ten dirty divorce tricks .
The first five are below .
I wish to stress that none of them are recommended ; indeed , some of them are illegal !
10 .
Moving the spouse to a different country , in order to obtain a more favourable divorce settlement .
This may sound far - fetched but , as I have noted in a previous post , it happens more frequently than one might think .
The trusting spouse does not realise that the promised life of sun and fun is never destined to materialise .
Instead , a divorce looms in a country in which financial settlements are far more modest than in rainy England .
9 . Covert surveillance of a spouse by bugging the phone , the car , the office – or by employing an enquiry agent .
When a spouse is suspected of having an affair , all sorts of surveillance techniques can be used .
One client told me that her husband would wait until he was in the car to discuss his affair with friends , or with the Other Woman herself .
The wife placed a recorder under the car seat , and recorded all his telephone calls .
Although it gave her satisfaction , I question the need in law .
It is n’t necessary for a divorce , and it is likely to leave the Judge wondering about the character of someone who goes to these lengths .
Where discretion is needed for a financial settlement , this type of conduct can backfire .
8. Secretly photocopying every scrap of financial information in the house and office .
Also : downloading everything from a spouse ’s computer , and later pretending that he / she did n’t realise what he / she was doing .
This is very common , although most likely illegal .
What often happens is that a piece of computer equipment is purchased with which to download the computer ’s hard drive .
Or an IT expert is surreptitiously called in .
Either way , the spouse obtains information that , under the evidence rules in family law , should be disclosed to the other side .
In my experience , however , much of what is obtained is either useless or irrelevant .
Clients are left exposed in civil and criminal law .
In any event , this information can be obtained legally , without personal risk , by a court - governed disclosure process .
7 . Salting away as much money as possible , ready for that “ rainy day ” .
Many clients know that they are going to get divorced long before proceedings are set in motion .
They decide to take pre-emptive action and hide their money .
Wealthy people do this by shipping it offshore into untraceable bank accounts , owned via a warren of trusts and companies .
The less well off do it by depositing funds in the bank accounts of relatives .
The most extreme case I have come across was that of a spouse who had placed more or less everything the couple had into an untouchable offshore trust .
He then began to borrow against all the rest of the non-trust assets onshore .
Fortunately his wife became wise to his ploy .
She was able to injunct him and put a stop to it .
In other cases , companies are sold and the monies “ squatted ” long before the divorce takes place , or afterwards when it is too late to do anything more about it .
6 . Damage , destruction or sale of the household ’s most valuable contents – particularly those that the spouse wishes to keep .
Lady Graham
Moon has gone down in English family law history for acting like a milkman , except that she was delivering to her neighbours the contents of her estranged husband ’s valuable wine cellar .
Cases
I have personally encountered include :
A wife who sold the Steinway piano without the knowledge of her pianist husband .
A wife who sawed the legs off a Chippendale cabinet and delivered it – along with its removed legs – to her husband .
A wife who ran a bath of scalding water and bleach , in which she dumped all her husbands ’ suits and ties .
Some clients claim to have sold assets at for remarkably low prices ; miraculously , these same assets reappear in their ownership once the case is over .
I have known this to happen with valuable jewellery , art – and even a yacht !
To be continued …
Update : this blog is continued in part two here .
In response to the country 's " 3 strikes " Hadopi legislation , last week a French ISP began offering a service to block file - sharing on customer connections for ' just ' 2 euros per month .
It did n't take long for awful vulnerabilities in the system to be found which breached not only the privacy of subscribers , but exposed them to new security threats .
France ’s big , bad , scary Hadopi legislation and the systematic tracing , monitoring , reporting and disconnecting of file - sharers is all but here , so it seems there ’s no better time for other companies to start making money from it .
Last week saw French ISP
Orange take the opportunity to start providing a service which , at least on the surface , is designed to put the minds of subscribers at rest .
For a 2 euro per month payment , Orange is offering a service which “ allows you to control the activity of computers connected to your internet line , from downloading ‘ illegally ’ using peer - to - peer networks .
You can protect up to three computers connected to the same internet line . ”
The software , which is Windows - only , runs in the background and utilizes a blacklist maintained and updated by Orange .
Precisely what is on that blacklist remains a secret .
“ Our solution is intended primarily for parents who want to make sure their children do nothing illegal on P2P networks , ” the company said in a statement to French media last week while adding that just because the software is running , it does n’t mean that users are fully protected against legal action under Hadopi .
History tells us that whenever a company gets involved in anti-piracy action , they leave themselves open to being probed .
Several anti-piracy companies and groups have seen their systems examined and even hacked over the years , and Orange is no different .
Bluetouff has documented his findings on the Orange system and they are pretty surprising .
Using WireShark to sniff the output of the software on his location network , Bluetouff was able to identify an IP address used by the software to obtain its updates .
“ The software communicates with a remote server , a Java servlet actually located on the ip 195.146.235.67 , ” he explains .
Nothing too out of the ordinary there – except that all information is not only being transmitted in the clear but all information on that server is public ( via
http://195.146.235.67/status), meaning that every user had their IP addresses exposed to the public .
But it does n’t stop there .
Whoever set up the security on the server admin panel did n’t do a very good job .
The username was set to ‘ admin ’ and the password set to ‘ admin ’ too .
This morning that gaping hole was still open .
TorrentFreak is informed that people have accessed the server and have discovered that it ’s possible to send malware to anyone using the software which makes a bit of a joke out of Orange when it claims :
“ The software runs in the background to ensure your safety without disrupting the important tasks that you perform ”
“ People do n’t know whether to laugh or cry , ” Astrid Girardeau from The Internets .
fr told TorrentFreak .
“ Because it is a new Hadopi fail .
And because , Christine Albanel , the ex-Minister of Culture , is now the executive of communication , for … Orange . ”
Robert Koren 's late goal gave Slovenia victory over 10 - man Algeria in their opening World Cup game in Polokwane to send them top of Group C .
The former West Brom midfielder 's dipping 20 - yard drive slipped through the grasp of Algeria keeper Faouzi Chaouchi and into the corner of the net to give the European side their first ever World Cup finals win .
The goal came only seven minutes after Desert Foxes substitute Abdelkader Ghezzal had seen red for two bookable offences as what had until then been a truly dire encounter came briefly to life .
In the 72 minutes prior to Ghezzal 's dismissal , for a needless handball , two limited sides were only able to fashion a handful of chances between them , the best of which Algeria defender Rafik Halliche headed wide from a corner .
With group favourites England having drawn 1 - 1 with their perceived closest rivals USA yesterday , Algeria and Slovenia knew a victory here would send them top and raise their hopes of achieving an unexpected place in the last 16 .
This tantalising prospect made for two anxious , edgy teams and an error - strewn encounter , characterised by the regular relinquishing of possession by both sides .
At their best Algeria are a capable outfit , as arch- rivals and qualifying play - off victims Egypt will testify , and the Desert Foxes looked arguably the sharper , aiming to exploit the pace and ability of Karim Ziani and Nader Belhadj .
The early signs were promising when Belhadj drew a good save from Slovenian keeper Samir Handanovic with a curling 25 - yard free - kick in the third minute but this turned out to be the only effort on goal in the opening quarter of the match .
It was not until the 36th minute that either side fashioned anything further of meaning .
Ziani's well - taken corner was met by Halliche , who had found space amongst a crowd of players in the box , but he failed to make full contact with his header and the ball flew past the far post with Handanovic stranded .
Slovenia 's only previous World Cup appearance came in Japan and South Korea in 2002 , during which they failed to claim a single point and scored only twice .
Prior to Koren 's decisive strike , the closest they came to adding to their tally was a 20 yard shot from Valter Birsa , which drew a fine one - handed save from Chaouchi just before half time , and an Andraz Kirm 10 - yard shot from an angle early in the second half which the Algerian keeper also saved .
Algerian substitute Ghezzal 's presence on the pitch was short but eventful .
In 15 minutes he produced two headers , which failed to find the target , and picked up two bookings - the first for shirt pulling , the second a handball when trying to provide another header on goal - which resulted in his side playing the final 15 minutes of the match with 10 men .
Despite Slovenia 's numerical disadvantage , Algeria were presented with a glorious chance to score minutes later as Handanovic 's pass out to defender Marko Suler was intercepted by Ziani but his first touch was too heavy and the keeper was able to gather at his feet .
And Slovenia 's next attack proved decisive as Chaouchi badly misjudged the flight of Koren 's speculative , dipping effort and allowed it to pass him and find the corner of the net .
While not a good game for a neutral , it will make for heartening viewing to England and their fans who will fancy their chances of securing positive results against both these sides .
" Zombie Meat , " an exquisite new Japanese snack for the horror enthusiast , consists of bite - sized chunks of tender blue flesh that , according to the package , has been aged to deadly perfection at the graveyard .
Zombie Meat
The ghastly meat snack , which tastes remarkably like peppered beef jerky , can be found at select shops in Japan for 399 yen ( about $ 4.50 ) per pack .
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - With divorce on the rise in Japan , some couples are choosing to celebrate the end of an unhappy marriage by saying “ I do ” for a final time at a divorce ceremony before friends and family .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
Divorce ceremonies were pioneered about a year ago by a former salesman , Hiroki Terai , who set up a “ divorce mansion ” in a small undercover space in Tokyo .
Since then about 25 couples have each paid 55,000 yen ( $ 606 ) to hold a ceremony with all the pomp and grandeur of a wedding that publicly ends their relationship before they officially file for divorce .
Terai said he had received more than 900 inquiries .
The latest couple , who called themselves Mr. and Mrs. Fujii , met near Sensoji Temple in Tokyo ’s traditional Asakusa area on Sunday and rode in separate rickshaws to the “ divorce mansion . ”
“ By putting an end to our marriage , we wanted to give ourselves fresh starts and give our lives a sense of renewal , ” Mr. Fujii , a 33 - year - old businessman , told Reuters Television .
He said he felt responsible for the failure of his marriage as he spent too much time away from home and too much money on his various interests including cars - despite numerous warnings from his wife .
Friends and family of the Fujii couple followed closely behind the rickshaws on foot , arriving at the “ divorce mansion ” for a ceremony where they smashed their wedding ring with a gavel , a gesture signifying the end of their partnership .
The gavel has a frog ’s head as frogs symbolize change in Japanese culture .
“ When we smashed the ring together , I felt like “ oh , this is the end of it , really ” and my heart and soul felt renewed .
Now I feel I can have a new life and start all over again , ” said Mr. Fujii .
His wife of eight years also expressed her relief .
“ The moment I saw the smashed ring , I said to myself , “ Yes !
That feels so good , ” ” Mrs. Fujii said .
Terai , who is believed to be Japan ’s first “ divorce ceremony planner , ” came up with the idea of divorce ceremonies to help couples celebrate their decision to separate after one of his friends was going through a bitter divorce .
Divorce is on the rise in Japan where it was once taboo with about 251,000 divorces taking place in 2008 , partly blamed on the poor economy taking its toll on romance .
Next month Terai heads off on his first business venture abroad to Korea to officially divorce a couple in Seoul .
“ I started this ceremony in April last year thinking that there should be a positive way to end a marriage and move on by making a vow to restart their lives in front of loved ones , ” Terai said .
It 's good to see Cornell is embracing its most famous son , even if he is a fictional moron .
The Office 's Andy Bernard , who often extols the merits of a Cornell education , is currently highlighted as one of several rotating features on the Cornell University School of Law 's home page .
It does n't seem to be going over that well with some real alumni .
My only complaint is that the banner just links to another site 's list of Cornell quotes from The Office .
It seems the law school is missing a great opportunity to have an article crafted in Andy 's voice by the show 's writers — or at least host a reunion performance by his a cappella group , Here Comes Treble .
But that might be a step too far for a university that has never been too fond of the man who " graduated in four years " despite being " drunk the whole time . "
— Posted by David Griner
Update : I ’ve since built a box with a mobile atom CPU which fares much better , as described in this post .
So I was all fired up to lower the power consumption of sandeen.net , the humble server upon which you read this blog .
( And thank you for that , by the way .
You can count yourselves among the 3 finest people on the internet . )
I decided to swap out the old AMD Athlon for an Intel Atom – you know , that low - power , lower - performance wonder - chip from Intel .
I ordered a Gigabyte GA - D510UD from newegg.com , for $ 90 … it looked interesting because it had 4 SATA ports built - in , which should suffice for any amount of storage that I ’d likely have connected directly to it .
sandeen.net draws about 51W , which is really not too bad considering there are 2 active drives in it ( a mirror ) and one sleeping drive that gets backups occasionally .
It ’s a AMD Athlon ( tm ) 64 Processor 3400 + in an old Compaq SR1710NX that I got cheap 5 years ago or so , and updated the cpu , memory , drives , etc …
These new low - power Atoms must be really great then , right ?
So it gets here Friday , and I ’m all excited …
I take down the server , plug it in , and well , first off RHEL5 was not happy with it , bringing the drives up as / dev/hda , / dev/hdb … ( remember those ? ) , and and after a bit of fiddling to get the config right I decide to just put things back as they were , and play with the board offline .
Before doing so , I check the Kill A Watt [ amzn ] … hm , still 51W .
Odd .
Hopefully a newer distro will do some magic power stuff and make it all better .
It ’s an atom right ?
Low power and all ?
So I put the RHEL6 beta on it , and get it all fired up , and re-check … hm , nope , still 36 W or so with a single drive , subtract out that 8W , the board is pulling around 27W .
This is not the low power I ’d hoped for !
So I start digging – oh look , the chip does n’t support any P - states , and only 2 C - states :
Cn Avg residency P- states ( frequencies )
C0 ( cpu running ) ( 0.3 % ) 1.67 Ghz 100.0 %
polling 0.0ms ( 0.0 % )
C1 137.5ms ( 99.7 % )
And sure enough , checking the Intel docs , only the chips designed for mobile use have the nice power features .
In short , the shiny new low - power Atom sure appears to use just as much power as my 5 - year - old run of the mill AMD Athlon64 ( in a low P - state , granted ) .
Sure , at full - tilt maybe it ’s using less , but it runs at full - tilt all the time and my Athlon is able to throttle back almost all the time .
I ’ll eat the restocking & shipping and send this thing back to newegg , bitterly disappointed .
I have higher hopes for swapping out the hard drives ( one leg of the mirror is dying ) to WD Caviar Green drives – I can save about 8kWh / month with those if the specs are accurate . :)
Show full PR text
JULY 2010 : DROID X BY MOTOROLA LANDS ON THE NATION'S LARGEST & MOST RELIABLE 3G NETWORK
DROID X Delivers More Browsing , More Connectivity , Personal HD Video and Enterprise Features – All on a 4.3 " Widescreen
BASKING RIDGE , N.J. , and LIBERTYVILLE , Ill . – Verizon Wireless , the company with the nation 's largest and most reliable wireless 3G network , and Motorola , Inc. ( NYSE : MOT ) , a pioneer in the mobile industry , today unveiled DROID X by Motorola .
DROID
X does more with ultra high - speed Web browsing ; a fast 1GHz processor ; 3G Mobile HotSpot capabilities ; loads of memory ; intuitive social messaging ; Adobe® Flash ® Player 10.1 ready ; and access to Android Market™ , which has more than 65,000 applications , along with a host of unique Verizon Wireless applications such as NFL Mobile , Skype mobile™ , V CAST Video , EA Need for Speed Shift™ and more .
" Nine months ago , we made a commitment to our customers to bring the openness of Android to the Verizon Wireless network , " said John Stratton , executive vice president and chief marketing officer for Verizon Wireless .
" Since then , we have introduced the top - selling Android phone in the marketplace today – the DROID by Motorola .
DROID
X takes that commitment to another level with exclusive content , faster processing speeds , and , of course , the reliability of our network . "
Sanjay Jha , co-chief executive officer of Motorola and chief executive officer of Motorola Mobile Devices and Home business added , " Motorola designed DROID X to push the extreme limits of Android innovation , and enable you to do even more with your mobile device .
We are breaking down barriers so that you can experience the Web the way it was meant to be and create , share and view content like never before , either in your hand or in your home .
Enterprise users will also find DROID X appealing with features including push e-mail and live widgets for e-mail and calendar updates . "
DROID X gives customers a 4.3 - inch high - resolution screen for viewing the latest movies and video from BLOCKBUSTER On Demand® presented by V CAST Video , the newest addition to the Verizon Wireless V CAST application , which also includes access to favorite TV shows .
The DROID X video capabilities let customers capture spontaneous fun , combining a dual - flash , 8 - megapixel camera , HD camcorder , as well as DLNA and HDMI connectivity to download , stream and share personal HD content .
DROID X customers will also receive Android 2.2 and Adobe Flash Player 10.1 with an over - the - air update in the latter half of the summer .
With the update , the Flash Player will allow mobile users to experience hundreds of sites with rich applications and content inside the browser , including games , animations , rich Internet applications ( RIAs ) , data presentations and visualizations , ecommerce , music , video , audio and more .
" It has been an exciting time for Android momentum and global consumer adoption since the announcement of DROID by Motorola nine months ago , " said Andy Rubin , vice president of engineering for Google .
" There are 160,000 new Android - powered devices activated daily and Android Market has grown to over 65,000 applications .
Plus later this summer , Verizon Wireless and Motorola will update all the DROID by Motorola phones to the latest 2.2 software .
For customers , this means great new features and improved browser performance .
For developers , this will provide new tools such as cloud - to - device messaging and enhanced enterprise functionality . "
" We are excited about full Flash support coming to the DROID X and other devices from Motorola , " said Shantanu Narayen , president and chief executive officer of Adobe .
" Flash Player 10.1 , which is one of Adobe 's most anticipated releases ever , has been redesigned from the ground up to deliver the kind of highly engaging experiences that consumers now expect from their mobile devices . "
Once updated to Android 2.2 , business customers will find DROID X offers the features that turn the device into a workhorse with support for both Exchange and Gmail™ for business .
Corporate users can enjoy push delivery of e-mail ; live widgets that stream messages to the home screen ; filter widgets to differentiate work and home e-mail ; corporate directory and Global look - up along with a unified calendar for Enterprise and sync with Google Calendar™ .
Security protocols allow remote password control and wipe via Exchange server .
Pricing and Availability
DROID X by Motorola will be available at www.verizonwireless.com and in Verizon Wireless Communications Stores beginning July 15 for $ 199.99 after a $ 100 mail - in rebate with a new two - year customer agreement .
Customers will receive the mail - in rebate in the form of a debit card ; upon receipt , customers may use the card as cash anywhere debit cards are accepted .
In addition to subscribing to a Nationwide Talk plan or a Nationwide Talk & Text plan , customers will also need to subscribe to an Email and Web for Smartphone plan .
Nationwide
Talk plans begin at $ 39.99 monthly access .
Email and Web for Smartphone plans start at $ 29.99 for unlimited monthly access .
Customers can add the optional 3G Mobile Hotspot service to their DROID X for $ 20 per month .
The 3G Mobile Hotspot allows customers to turn the phone into a wireless modem for up to five compatible Wi -Fi devices .
In addition , current Verizon Wireless customers who have contracts ending by December 31 , 2010 , can upgrade to any smartphone , including DROID X , without penalty .
I ’m sure you have already seen quite a lot of the Nokia N8 ’s Features .
I managed to get my hands on it again , and to be honest , the release date ca n’t come soon enough .
Top Notch hardware , phenomenal camera unit and a very noticable faster Symbian ^3 made up for a great hands - on experience .
Obviously , i wo n’t talk much into the Software yet , since this is all in proto status .
But trust me , its a lot faster than all other phones before .
Symbian and Nokia show us with the N8 what is poossible without any high - end specs , which is a great thing .
One thing that also comes as a first on the N8 is the Ability to connect Bluetooth Input Devices to the Phone – and work with it !!
In our Case , me and Christoph ( from Nokia Austria , thanks again ) have used a Logitech Bluetooth Mouse and good ol ’ Nokia SU - 8W , a Bluetooth Keyboard .
How its done ?
it ’s as simple as connecting a BT Headset , enter Bluetooth Menu , search for input devices , choose , enter the 4 - digit - code , done .
Once the Mouse is connected , there is a small Mouse Pointer visible , and there you go .
You can even use the right mouse button to go back to Home Screen , even scrolling is possible .
Connect your N8 to a TV , couple it with your Keyboard and Mouse , and answer your mails right from the big Screen !!
How about that !?
The possibilities are endless , its up to you to realize them 🙂
Spring City ’s cross arms and wall brackets are both beautiful and functional .
They provide graceful transition from the vertical , linear form of the post to the more rounded shapes of the lighting fixture itself .
Their functionality allows us to increase the number of fixtures a single pole can hold , in turn increasing its capacity for illumination .
Spring City ’s Street Lamps Wall Brackets are designed as a natural extension of historical post mounted arms .
This family of products allows for integration of the site and the building by mounting matching luminaires to exterior facades and interior spaces .
A family of traditional styled arms is available for projects requiring multiple luminaires per post .
Modular design allows for unlimited design flexibility to combine post , luminaire and arm .
Mounting of two to five luminaires per post can be provided .
Intended Use :
City Streets , Parking Lots , Campuses , Commercial Developments , Plazas , Historic Districts , Village Squares , Residential Areas , Parks , Walkways , Boulevards , Roadways .
Features :
Designed for arrangement of form and function , these decorative aluminum crossarm and wall brackets at Spring City offer an exact choice of styles .
Whether the reason is multiple post top luminaires for increased light levels or a robust combination of ornaments for a historical styled street scape project , these cross arms and wall brackets can provide years of beauty and service for any application .
The subsequent are product attributes for the Cross arms and Wall Bracket Series at Spring City :
Fourteen distinct arm styles ;
A choice of two , three , four , or five luminaire mounting option ;
One piece construction ; Styled to complement decorative post line ; Complementary wall brackets ;
Both cross arms and wall brackets have 3 ” O.D. tenons for luminaire mounting ;
Low copper content aluminum ( 356.1 ) insures maximum corrosion resistance and superior material strength ; Superior finish with polyester powder coat ; Custom color options ;
All exterior hardware shall be stainless steel and tamper resistant
The Spring City cross arms and wall brackets are just a few of the hundreds of designs available to you from Spring City .
While many applications call for faithful and precise reproduction of cherished historical pieces , Spring City customers often work with their designers to produce custom products .
For more information , please visit on : http://www.springcity.com
A new technique for deciphering the calls of sperm whales allows the magnificent , mysterious creatures to be studied in unprecedented detail .
Researchers identified subtle variations caused by differences in the shape of individual whales ' heads .
It 's the first time that sperm whale vocalizations have been linked to specific individuals .
" This is the just the first step in answering a lot of questions about their vocal and social complexity , " said Shane Gero , a Dalhousie University biologist .
" It 's the first time that we 're getting to the level of knowing these animals as individuals , as families – as personalities , really .
It 's a whole new step . "
Vocalizations are used by every cetacean species , but only a few , such as bottlenose dolphins and humpback whales , have been studied in detail .
Even those fields of research are still young , however , and it's not always possible to extrapolate findings between species that are different both physically and socially .
Sperm whales have been particularly difficult to study , as their family groups tend to be large , with a proclivity for long - distance roaming .
Only snatches of communication are usually heard .
It 's been enough for researchers to learn that each sperm whale family has a distinctive repertoire of sounds , but the sounds have been so mixed together that they can't be consistently attributed to a individuals – a first step in understanding what the whales might be saying .
The latest study , currently in press at the journal Marine Mammal Science , focuses on a seven - member sperm whale family who live in waters around the Caribbean island nation of Dominique .
Caribbean sperm whales have unusually small home ranges .
This allowed the researchers to spend more time with them than is usually possible .
Because the group was small , there were more opportunities to identify and record individual whales when they were alone .
The researchers could then analyze whales ' vocalizations , which take the form of high - frequency clicks made by pushing air through structures in their skulls .
" The whales communicate by patterns of clicks .
The clicks reverberate in the head .
If you listen to it carefully , there are these pulses .
The time between pulses reflects the time it takes for sounds to reverberate , to go from one end of the head and back .
Because the heads are all different length , they have different reverberation times , " study co-author Hal Whitehead , also a Dalhousie University biologist .
Until now , " just figuring out who makes which sound underwater was tough , " he said .
Analysis of the whales ' vocalizations are still in their early stages , but the results are already intriguing .
While the whales tended to possess the same basic repertoire of " codas " – the technical name for each distinctive series of clicks – one female had a completely different set .
She happened to be a mother .
The distinctive sounds could be what she used to communicate with her calf .
Apart from the mom , the researchers found that half of each individuals ' vocalizations followed one of two patterns .
One pattern is formed by two consecutive , slowly - paced clicks , followed by three faster clicks .
It has been found only in the Caribbean .
While the pattern varies slightly between groups , this study suggests that it 's consistent within the group .
According to Gero , it could function as a family identifier , letting other whales know who is around .
" It says , I belong to this family , I belong to this vocal clan , " he said .
The other common pattern is composed of five regularly - spaced clicks , and has been heard in sperm whales all over the world .
Preliminary research suggests that the pattern may vary slightly between each individual , said Gero .
If so , the pattern could function as an individual identifier – or , from another perspective , a name .
The question of whether it 's appropriate to think of sperm whales as having names is a controversial one .
Some scientists think that many cetaceans should be considered persons , at least on par with non -human great apes .
There 's considerable evidence to support the notion : cetacean brains are extraordinarily sophisticated , especially in areas associated with cognition and communication , and many social behaviors can be explained only as culture rather than instinct .
In captivity , dolphins pass tests of self - recognition and self - awareness that were once considered markers of personhood .
Questions of consciousness and personhood are difficult to answer in another species in scientifically quantifiable ways , said Gero .
But techniques like those used in this study should help .
" I use the word ' personality ' very carefully .
It 's hard to quantify .
But they undoubtedly have them , " said Gero .
" It may take years and years to understand them , to translate their behaviors and nuances , to understand things like fear or happiness .
But it 's time that the assumption was made that these animals are individuals , and have a concept of self . "
Images : Above , sperm whale mother and her calf ; below , a juvenile whale the researchers nicknamed " Can Opener . " / Shane Gero .
See Also :
Citation : " Individual vocal production in a sperm whale ( Physeter macrocephalus ) social unit . "
By Tyler M. Schulz , Hal Whitehead , Shane Gero & Luke Rendell .
Marine Mammal Science , in press .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
Image caption Elizabeth Alice Beach - MacGeagh was a student at Bristol University
Police have appealed for witnesses after a female jogger was knocked down by a car which was then driven off in north London .
Elizabeth Alice Beach - MacGeagh , 20 , was in East Barnet on 16 June when she was hit by a car at the Temple Avenue and Netherlands Road junction at 2000 BST .
The driver of the car , a blue BMW 3 Series , did not stop .
The victim , a Bristol University student from Marlborough , Wiltshire , was taken to a hospital but died later .
Her sister , Fiona Beach - MacGeagh , said life for Elizabeth was " joyful and wonderful " .
" She was a butterfly , emerging from her childhood , " she added .
" The depths of our grief can not be imagined .
Image caption
The victim 's sister said life for Ms Beach - MacGeagh was " joyful "
" This is my friend as well as my little sister . "
She went on : " I just do n't know how we will get through this .
" Lizzie was everything to all of us . "
Officers believe the car involved would have had extensive damage to its front and side .
The driver left travelling north on Netherlands Road towards East Barnet , police said .
Det Insp Simon Pilbeam , of the Metropolitan Police , said : " The driver of the vehicle must have known that they had hit something or someone but chose not to stop .
" I am appealing to the driver to come forward , or anyone who has seen a metallic blue BMW 3 Series with damage to the front and near side . "
A college student claimed she was shot by a man because she refused to give him her phone number , myFOXdc.com reported Monday .
The young woman , whose identity was protected , told police she was leaving a party in southeast Washington , D.C. , early Sunday when a man asked for her number .
“ He told my cousin he was going to shoot at us if I did n’t give him my number and then he started shooting , ” she said .
One of those bullets struck her as she ran away .
It is still lodged in her ankle .
Surgeons will decide how to remove it .
Akira Jade is all business when it comes to her sexual pleasure and with her perfect Oriental body built for sin , business or sex is always very good !
Today marks the long - awaited release of Something for Everybody , the new album from Devo .
If you want to hear it , you could head over to ColbertNation.com , where it has been streaming for a week .
Or you could go to Ustream , where the band is throwing a " cat listening party " at 2 p.m. ET .
The event is exactly what it sounds like :
You 'll be able to " tune in live to see 20 cats getting down to the new Devo album for nine whole hours . "
What 's better than that ?
Post - party , do n't forget to set your DVR for the band 's talk - show appearances this week :
They perform on Letterman tonight , The Colbert Report tomorrow and Regis and Kelly Friday .
Ribbit Mobile , the voicemail and call - routing service that looks like a serious Google Voice rival , has launched an iPhone app to deliver voicemail transcripts with convenient call - back and SMS links , along with to - call list generation and other features .
Advertisement
Because Ribbit knows exactly why Google Voice was rejected from the App Store , it does n't offer its own calling , SMS , or address book features in its iPhone app — just a convenient access point to the audio and text of your voicemail .
If you want to call or SMS back somebody who left you a message , you 're using the iPhone 's native apps to do so .
That does n't help you hide your personal number and create a separate call - tracking list , like Google Voice does , but , given the notably better transcriptions , at least with a Business - Grade account , that 's not where Ribbit is looking to sell itself .
Advertisement
Ribbit Mobile is a free download for iPhones running at least the 3.1 firmware , and it requires a free Ribbit account .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Ribbit Mobile [ iTunes ( Direct link ) via ReadWriteWeb ]
Ten million Americans moved counties in 2008 .
Where did they move ?
Everywhere !
( Except Detroit . )
That 's the simplest , broadest conclusion from this flat - out awesome map from Forbes.com that uses IRS data to track the intra-national movements of American families .
You have to check it out for yourself .
Here are a few observations .
New York City is where people move after living in Blue State America .
Long Island is where people live before moving to Florida .
Chicago 's famous " midway " status is n't just a hub for airlines , it also draws evenly from across the country ...
Rugby , North Dakota 's famous " geographical center of North America " status predictably draws from across the districts that immediately surround Rugby , North Dakota .
America 's capitals of unemployment ( Detroit ) , fiscal doomsday ( Los Angeles ) and real estate apocalypse ( Miami ) are predictably bleeding people .
However , Miami is still a popular destination for older New Yorkers , and California still enjoys a magnetic draw for New Englanders looking to re-locate to sunnier climates .
This past week Dan Kaminsky announced Interpolique , a technology for dealing with string injection problems in web applications .
The basic idea is pretty sharp : instead of writing ( say ) PHP code like
$ conn -> query ( ' insert into posts values ( $ _POST [ author ] , $ _POST [ content ] ) ; ' ) ;
we write
$ conn -> query ( eval ( b( ' insert into posts values ( ^^_POST [ author ] , ^^_ POST [ content ] ) ; ' ) ) ) ;
The b function is provided by interpolique .
It essentially translates the input string into some PHP code ( which is then reified using eval ) that base64 encodes the user - input and wraps that encoding up in a call to the MySQL function for base64 decoding .
The idea is that the resulting query is given to MySQL in a format where the user input is base64 encoded .
As Dan points out , there are n’t any known injection techniques that can escape the MySQL base64 decoder , and the decoder wo n’t try to evaluate the resulting string as a SQL expression , so no injection is possible .
I have mixed feelings about this approach .
On the one hand , it ’s really just another form of escaping ( instead of inserting a bunch of \ ‘s into the string , we ’re base64 encoding it ) , and escaping is an error - prone thing .
After all , there ’s nothing preventing a tired developer from accidentally mixing some $ in with their ^^ , nor could there be — if the developer writes $ instead of ^^ , PHP will interpolate the string before passing it off to the b function , so no run -time check will be able to save the day .
( I ’m not elated about the use of eval , but ( a ) I see no way around it if the plan is to use a syntactic approach , as is currently the case , and ( b ) the only vector I can see for attacking it requires a programmer to leave out the call to b , which is something they ’d likely catch during development unless they also used $ instead of ^^ , and that double - accident seems unlikely , barring a stupid refactoring snafu . )
On the other hand , if this technique is applied correctly , it seems likely to be robust ( peer review should weigh in on this pretty quickly ) .
When I look at interpolique , I see the next generation of escaping : if you forget to do it you ’re screwed , but if you do it correctly you ’re safe .
interpolique ’s contribution is that its style of escaping is much simpler than trying to scan strings for dangerous characters , hence less likely to contain silly errors and edge cases , and that it is cross- language ready , in that base64 encoding is n’t target - language - specific ( unlike escaping , which certainly is ) .
interpolique does not improve upon escaping biggest failure , though : if you ’ve got 50,000 lines of PHP , the only way to know that interpolique ( or escaping ) is being used throughout is to look through the code .
This is a PHP shortcoming , of course .
We could certainly produce some static analysis tool to check for this design pattern , but then again , if writing tools that understand strings in PHP were easy we would n’t have the code injection mess in the first place .
Future direction
interpolique does provide a novel improvement for how to move data across the language barrier .
This makes the core idea useful even in situations where programmers are n’t using PHP ( or other half - brained - but - common - anyway languages ) .
In the long term , however , we still need to address the fact that we ’re abusing the String type .
User - input should be its own distinct type .
The fact that this is n’t the case in .
Net and Java completely explains why those type - safe languages do n’t fare any better than PHP in terms of code injection .
Following the interpolique idea , the only function from UserString to String could be a base64 encoder .
Languages could provide syntactic sugar to allow things like
$ conn -> query ( ' insert into posts values ( $ _POST [ author ] , $ _POST [ content ] ) ; ' ) ;
to implicitly denote the interpolique style , thereby preserving type - safety ( in this case , separation of user - input from SQL code ) without compromising string interpolation style .
( Of course , both of these ideas are already possible in Haskell using algebraic data types and Template Haskell , but this is of little comfort to the vast majority of programmers since ( a ) most have n’t heard of Haskell and ( b ) Haskell is still in its web - development - language infancy . )
Moving forward I am interested in seeing whether interpolique passes peer review ( probably will ) , becomes a common practice and reduces the incidence of code injection .
Regardless of how these questions fare , the core idea is elegant , does n’t seem to have a performance penalty , and can likely be carried forward fruitfully in future technologies .
The Japanese distributor of a controversial documentary about the slaughter of dolphins will begin screening it in Tokyo despite a series of protests by ultra-nationalists .
The Cove is an Oscar - winning documentary about the annual slaughter of dolphins in the Japanese village of Taiji .
It has drawn the ire of rowdy ultra-nationalist protesters who have been picketing the Tokyo office of the distributor , accusing the company of Japan - bashing .
Despite the demonstrations , the distributor says the film will now be shown in six movie theatres from next month in the first commercial screenings in Japan .
Some cinemas have buckled to pressure from the protesters and agreed not to show the documentary .
Peruvian officials say Joran van der Sloot has confessed to the slaying of Stephany Flores Ramirez .
What will this development mean for the Natalee Holloway case ?
Watch " Nancy Grace , " at 8 p.m. ET Tuesday on HLN .
Lima , Peru ( CNN ) --
The Peruvian woman who died in Joran van der Sloot 's hotel room was killed after she discovered information on his laptop linking him to the disappearance of Alabama teen Natalee Holloway , a source with direct knowledge of the investigation told CNN .
Van der Sloot , the longtime suspect in the Holloway case , confessed Monday night to the killing of Stephany Flores Ramirez , 21 , whose body was found in a hotel room last week , Peruvian authorities said .
He could be formally charged as early as Wednesday , the authorities said .
Van der Sloot was interrogated for seven hours Monday , the source with direct knowledge of the investigation told CNN .
The Dutch citizen told investigators that he left the hotel room to buy bread and coffee at a gas station next to the hotel , the source said .
Upon his return , he found Flores going through his laptop , where she found something linking him to the disappearance of Holloway , the source said .
At that point , Flores wanted to leave , and the pair started arguing , according to the source .
Flores slapped van der Sloot , and he hit her back , and then grabbed her neck , the source said .
Van der Sloot told investigators he was intoxicated on marijuana when all this happened , the source said .
Although Flores ' body was found half - dressed , there was no evidence that she had sexual intercourse that night , the source said .
Van der Sloot had access to a public defender , but it was unclear whether he had used his services .
Attempts by CNN to reach the public defenders ' office were unsuccessful .
Van der Sloot , 22 , was arrested twice in connection with Holloway 's disappearance in Aruba but was released for lack of evidence .
He has denied any involvement and has not been charged .
He was originally slated to show authorities Tuesday a re-enactment of the crime at the Hotel Tac , where he was staying .
Because of security reasons , however , the re-enactment has been delayed , authorities said Tuesday .
Peru National Police Col .
Abel Gamarra said the re-enactment could happen as early as Wednesday .
Flores ' body was found in the room registered to van der Sloot .
Video from hotel security cameras shows van der Sloot and Flores entering his room at 5:33 a.m. on May 30 .
He emerged alone and left the hotel more than three hours later , the video shows .
He was arrested in Chile on Thursday and returned to Peru on Friday .
At van der Sloot 's first court appearance , the judge may set a hearing date and order additional investigations .
The Peruvian justice system often issues a lighter sentence in cases in which the suspect confesses .
Van der Sloot could get up to 35 years in prison .
There is no death penalty or life sentence in Peru .
A Peruvian police report leaked Monday said Flores ' body was found on van der Sloot 's hotel room floor , half - dressed .
The report also provides new details about the hours before the body was found .
According to the document , the Hotel Tac received a call from someone looking for van der Sloot about 11 p.m. June 1 .
The receptionist forwarded the call , but no one answered .
The hotel worker assumed that van der Sloot was asleep because the room key was with him and not at the front desk .
About an hour later , according to the police report , the receptionist noticed that van der Sloot owed money for two nights and went up to his room , where her knocks went unanswered .
The television was blaring , so the hotel employee figured he was resting , the report says .
Afterward , the hotel supervisor told the employee to go back to van der Sloot 's room and enter using a spare key .
When the employee went in , she found Flores ' body on the floor , dressed in a black T - shirt and red panties , half - covered with a piece of white clothing , the police report said .
Flores had bled from her nose , the report said .
The hotel employee became frightened and went to alert her supervisor and the police , turning off the television and lights on her way out of the room , the report said .
The developments in the van der Sloot case came as the Natalee Holloway Resource Center opened Tuesday in Washington .
The nonprofit center is located at the National Museum of Crime and Punishment .
Natalee 's mother , Beth Holloway , attended the opening .
She urged supporters to keep the Flores family " in our hearts and in our prayers . "
The center says it will provide families of missing persons help with managing their crises and give students advice on traveling safely .
CNN 's Rafael Romo and Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report
Choosing a graphics cards is a confusing endeavor .
So Tom 's Hardware shared their buying results after testing pretty much every card on the planet .
Whether you 've got $ 50 to spend or $ 250 to spend , this list will come in handy :
Some Notes About Our Recommendations
This list is for gamers who want to get the most for their money .
If you do n't play games , then the cards on this list are more expensive than what you really need .
We 've added a reference page at the end of the column covering integrated graphics processors , which is likely more apropos .
The criteria to get on this list are strictly price / performance .
We acknowledge that recommendations for multiple video cards , such as two Radeon cards in Cross Fire mode or two GeForce cards in SLI , typically require a motherboard that supports Cross Fire or SLI and a chassis with more space to install multiple graphics cards .
They also require a beefier power supply compared to what a single card needs , and will almost certainly produce more heat than a single card .
Keep these factors in mind when making your purchasing decision .
In most cases , if we have recommended a multiple - card solution , we try to recommend a single - card honorable mention at a comparable price point for those who find multi-card setups undesirable .
Prices and availability change on a daily basis .
We can't base our decisions on always - changing pricing information , but we can list some good cards that you probably wo n't regret buying at the price ranges we suggest , along with real - time prices from our PriceGrabber engine , for your reference .
The list is based on some of the best U.S. prices from online retailers .
In other countries or at retail stores , your mileage will most certainly vary .
These are new card prices .
No used or open - box cards are in the list ; they might represent a good deal , but it 's outside the scope of what we 're trying to do .
Advertisement
Best PCIe Card : $ 90 and under
Best PCI Express ( PCIe ) Card For Under $ 50 :
Radeon HD 4650 ( Check Prices )
Advertisement
Great 1280x1024 performance in most games , 1680x1050 with lowered detail
You will not find a card that packs more punch than ATI 's Radeon HD 4650 at the alluring $ 50 price point .
With solid stock performance and an overclockable GPU , this card is an excellent starting point for our list of recommendations , and a wholly worthwhile upgrade if you 're currently stuck using a motherboard limited to integrated graphics .
Best PCI Express ( PCIe ) Card For ~$ 70 :
Radeon HD 5570 ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Great 1680x1050 performance in most games , 1920x1200 in many games with lowered detail
Advertisement
At $ 70 , the Radeon HD 5570 can take a recommendation for being a solid performer at a relatively low price , and wo n't disappoint folks who do n't want to upgrade their power supply to accommodate a more powerful graphics card .
Best PCI Express ( PCIe ) Card For ~$ 80 :
GeForce 9600 GT ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Great 1680x1050 performance in most games , 1920x1200 in most games with lowered detail
Advertisement
The GeForce 9600 GT is still a great entry - level performer , thanks in part to its high - end 256 - bit memory interface and speedy DDR3 memory .
It 's a solid choice on an $ 80 budget , even if the architecture on which it centers is showing its age .
While the GeForce GT 240 is beginning to encroach on this card 's price territory , the 9600 GT remains a bit faster than even the GDDR5 version of the newer card , and its recommendation remains secure for the time being .
While fluctuating GeForce 9800 GT prices have edged out the GeForce 9600 GT last month , that card can no longer be found for $ 80 at the time of writing , allowing the GeForce 9600 GT to retain it 's former recommendation .
Advertisement
Best PCIe Card : ~ $ 100 To $ 190
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 100 : Tie
Radeon HD 4850 512 MB
( Check Prices
Advertisement
Exceptional 1680x1050 performance in most games , 1920x1200 in most games with lowered detail
Advertisement
The Radeon HD 4850 can still be found at the ~ $ 100 price point after a brief hiatus , and while we keep waiting for availability to dry up in the face of Radeon HD 5000 - series successors , we hope it lasts .
Then again , the Radeon HD 4850 and GeForce GTS 250 seem determined to stay on the market for as long as possible .
GeForce GTS 250 ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Exceptional 1680x1050 performance in most games , 1920x1200 in most games with lowered detail
Advertisement
As fast as the Radeon HD 4850 is , the GeForce GTS 250 remains a viable option with similar gaming performance .
With an eye to the future , your choice between these $ 100 cards probably relies more on whether or not your motherboard is Cross Fire - or SLI - compatible .
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 125 :
Radeon HD 5750 1 GB ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Great 1920x1200 performance in most games
Advertisement
The price of the 1 GB Radeon HD 5750 is quite low , and this month , it 's enough to take the recommendation from the 1 GB versions of the Radeon HD 4850 and GeForce GTS 250 .
Although it costs a few dollars more , the 5750 is more appealing due to its DirectX 11 hardware capabilities .
There are other benefits too , such as Dolby TrueHD / DTS - HD Master Audio bitstreaming and Eyefinity triple - display output support , making this card an easy $ 125 choice on all fronts .
Advertisement
Read our full review of ATI 's Radeon HD 5750 for more information on the card and its underlying architecture .
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 155 :
Radeon HD 5770 1GB ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Great 1920x1200 performance in most games
Advertisement
While AMD 's new Radeon HD 5770 is n't any faster than the older Radeon HD 4870 ( we 've found that it 's even slightly slower in many instances ) , it does have something the Radeon HD 4870 does n't have : full DirectX 11 and Eyefinity support .
Indeed , while the Radeon HD 5770 does n't run away with any performance crowns in this category , it does look good from a longevity / value standpoint .
Perhaps more importantly , at the $ 155 price point , there is nothing to compete against this card now that the Radeon HD 4870 is at the end of its effective life .
Nvidia 's claims that its GeForce GTX 260 remains the last GT200 - based card in its lineup , but supply is definitely not what it used to be ( nor is the card 's price tag , which hovers around $ 200 now ) .
Advertisement
Read our full review of ATI 's Radeon HD 5770 for more information on the card and its accompanying architecture .
Best PCIe Card : ~$ 200 To $ 275
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 220 :
Radeon HD 5830 ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Great 1920x1200 performance , 2560x1600 in most games with lowered detail
Advertisement
The new Radeon HD 5830 delivers Radeon HD 4890 - class performance for $ 220 , but includes all of the Radeon HD 5000 - series value - adds to go with it .
With the scant availability of the Radeon HD 4890 and disappearance of Nvidia 's GeForce GTX 275 from the market , AMD 's Radeon HD 5830 is the only single card left standing at this price point .
Now that it can be found as low as $ 220 online ( $ 199 with rebates ) , we can give it a proper recommendation , although we do n't think buyers should pay any more than that with the vastly superior Radeon HD 5850 at $ 290 .
Read our full review of ATI 's Radeon HD 5830 for more information on the card and its accompanying architecture .
Advertisement
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 250 :
2 x Radeon HD 5750 in CrossFire Configuration ( Check Prices
Exceptional 1920x1200 performance , Good 2560x1600 performance in most games
Advertisement
Dual Radeon HD 5750s in CrossFire make for a much more powerful option than a single Radeon HD 5830 , if the buyer is willing to pay the extra money required for a Cross Fire motherboard and a beefier power supply .
Read our full review of ATI 's Radeon HD 5750 for more information on the card and its accompanying architecture .
Advertisement
Best PCIe Card : $ 280 to $ 400
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 290 :
Radeon HD 5850 ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Exceptional 1920x1200 performance , Good 2560x1600 performance in most games
Advertisement
Fortunately for value - seekers , the Radeon HD 5850 recently dropped back under the $ 300 price point .
Despite competition from Nvidia 's $ 350 GeForce GTX 470 , the Radeon HD 5850 remains a superb performer for the money .
It does n't require a Cross Fire - compatible motherboard , it sips power at idle , and the card sports DirectX 11 and Eyefinity capabilities .
If sub -$ 300 price tags fit your budget , the Radeon HD 5850 is an obvious recommendation .
Read our full review of AMD 's Radeon HD 5850 for more information on the card and its accompanying architecture .
Advertisement
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 310 : None
Honorable Mention : 2 x Radeon HD 5770 in CrossFire Configuration ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Exceptional 1920x1200 performance , Good 2560x1600 performance in most games
Advertisement
A pair of Radeon HD 5770s in CrossFire is a very effective high - end configuration for the dollar , often besting even the Radeon HD 5850 on the performance front .
The extra expense required by CrossFire manifested in high - end motherboards and power supplies prevents a clean recommendation , but this setup remains a viable option .
Read our full review of ATI 's Radeon HD 5770 for more information on the card and its accompanying architecture .
Advertisement
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 350 : None
Honorable Mention : GeForce GTX 470 ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Exceptional 1920x1200 performance , Good 2560x1600 performance in most games
Advertisement
Along with the GeForce GTX 480 flagship , the GeForce GTX 470 is one of Nvidia 's next - generation DirectX 11 cards , which performs between the Radeon HD 5850 and Radeon HD 5870 , on average .
Quite often it seems that the 470 performs more closely to the Radeon HD 5850 , but in some cases , the GTX 470 really stands out .
Because of this , it 's hard to give the GeForce GTX 470 a solid recommendation compared to the cheaper Radeon HD 5850 .
But its solid performance , coupled with PhysX , 3D Vision , and CUDA capabilities , can certainly make the GeForce GTX 470 an attractive buy for the gamer who values its strengths .
Advertisement
Read our full review of Nvidia 's GeForce GTX 470 for more information on the card and its underlying architecture .
Best PCIe Card For ~$ 400 : None
Honorable Mention : Radeon HD 5870 ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Good 2560x1600 performance in most games
Advertisement
For $ 100 less than the price of this card , a couple of Radeon HD 5770s ( or a single Radeon HD 5850 ) can easily deliver exceptional performance in the games that matter today .
From a raw price / performance standpoint , this makes the Radeon HD 5870 a hard sell .
But that is not to say this card is underpowered : it is the fastest single - GPU Radeon option available , sporting relatively low power usage ( remarkably low at idle ) , and the hardware prowess needed to accelerate DirectX 11 - based games .
For folks without a motherboard that supports Cross Fire and a hefty power supply , the new Radeon HD 5870 is definitely a more - than - viable option .
For those thinking at the other end of the performance spectrum , a pair of Radeon HD 5870s in Cross Fire also make this an attractive card .
Advertisement
Read our full review of ATI 's Radeon HD 5870 for more information on the card and its accompanying architecture .
Best PCIe Card : Over $ 400
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 440 :
Two Radeon HD 5830 in CrossFire Configuration ( Check Prices
Exceptional 1920x1200 performance , Good 2560x1600 performance in most games
Advertisement
Two Radeon HD 5830 cards in CrossFire will beat out a single Radeon HD 5870 , just like a dual Radeon HD 4890 setup does .
But the newer Radeon HD 5830 cards offer all the DirectX 11 and Eyefinity goodies , too .
Read our full review of AMD 's Radeon HD 5850 for more information on the card and its accompanying architecture
Advertisement
Best PCIe Card For ~$ 500 : None
Honorable Mention : GeForce GTX 480 ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Good 2560x1600 performance in most games
Advertisement
Nvidia is a competitive company .
And while the Radeon HD 5970 maintains its title of fastest video card in the world , Nvidia has reclaimed the honor of selling the fastest single - GPU graphics card .
This is , of course , the GeForce GTX 480 , which performs notably faster than the Radeon HD 5870 , on average .
It 's hard to justify the $ 100 price premium over AMD 's Radeon HD 5870 , but it 's pretty easy to justify a $ 200 savings compared to the Radeon HD 5970 , so I suppose the card is positioned correctly — assuming cards continue selling at MSRP ( many are going for as much as $ 100 more ) .
For buyers who value the GeForce GTX 480's value - added features like PhysX , 3D Vision , and CUDA , the card is a viable buy .
But raw GeForce GTX 480 game performance is often close to the $ 100 cheaper Radeon HD 5870 , so the GeForce gets an honorable mention .
Advertisement
Read our full review of Nvidia 's GeForce GTX 480 for more information on the card and its underlying architecture .
Best PCIe Card For ~ $ 580 :
Two Radeon HD 5850 in CrossFire Configuration ( Check Prices
Exceptional 1920x1200 performance , Great 2560x1600 performance in most games
Advertisement
Two Radeon HD 5850 cards in CrossFire are a force , to be sure , with power almost equaling a single Radeon HD 5970 for $ 120 less , coupled with abundant availability .
This configuration has become the de facto standard setup for folks who want serious power from a high - end machine .
Read our full review of AMD 's Radeon HD 5850 for more information on the card and its accompanying architecture .
Advertisement
Best PCIe Card For ~$ 700 : None
Honorable Mention : Radeon HD 5970 ( Check Prices
Advertisement
Great 2560x1600 performance
Advertisement
3,200 shader processors .
There is n't much more we need to say about the brutal rendering muscle that characterizes the world 's fastest graphics card , the Radeon HD 5970 .
With two Radeon HD 5870 GPUs onboard , the only things we can complain about are scant availability and an extremely high price tag .
Availability has improved over time ; the price not so much .
But if you 're in the market for this card , price probably is n't an issue .
Read our full review of ATI 's Radeon HD 5970 for more information on the card and its accompanying architecture .
Advertisement
There you have it folks ; the best cards for the money this month .
Now all that 's left to do is to find and purchase them .
Advertisement
Do n't worry too much about which brand you choose , because all of the cards out there are close to Nvidia 's and ATI 's reference designs .
Just pay attention to price , warranty , and the manufacturer 's reputation for honoring the warranty if something goes wrong .
Also remember that the stores do n't follow this list .
Things will change over the course of the month and you 'll probably have to adapt your buying strategy to deal with fluctuating prices .
Good luck !
AT&T Wireless has millions of US customers , and it continues to boast the largest number of smartphone users .
Despite this , we hear numerous complaints from readers and reporters that AT&T 3G coverage is spotty ; even if AT&T has reasonably fast 3G coverage where you live , that does n't necessarily mean the coverage is good where you work or where you travel most often .
From this point of view , frankly , Verizon 's 3G coverage map is frankly more impressive .
Yes , AT&T 's 3G coverage area includes the most densely populated areas , and where available it tends to be the fastest 3G network available .
And yes , smartphones will still work with AT&T's EDGE network , which has coverage comparable to Verizon 's network .
AT&T is working to improve coverage in some areas , and the company has promised to invest billions in additional infrastructure .
But apart from coverage concerns , AT&T has other " issues " with its services that , in our view , are customer - hostile .
Here 's a list of the top problems we identified , as well as ways AT&T could make itself more customer - friendly .
Raw femtocell deal
AT&T has attempted to address the spotty coverage issues , in part , by offering a femtocell product dubbed the 3G MicroCell .
When you plug the MicroCell into to your broadband router , you 'll get a more or less private mini 3G tower in your house .
The idea is nice in theory , until you realize how much this thing costs .
First , it 's $ 150 for the unit .
Then , the 3G MicroCell uses the backhaul that you pay for to complete calls and move data between your mobile device and the rest of the network .
On top of that , calls made through the MicroCell use up your monthly allotment of minutes .
If you want unlimited calling using your own backhaul through the device you just bought for $ 150 , that 's an additional $ 20 per month .
However , customers that opt for the $ 20 unlimited calling plan can get a $ 100 rebate on the device .
Also , any data that goes through the device ( again , using the backhaul that you are already paying for ) comes out of your monthly allowance — and an unlimited plan is n't even an option .
To be fair , you 'll probably be using WiFi when at home , however .
( AT&T is also promoting WiFi as an alternative to 3G data even away from home by giving smartphone users free access to its network of hotspots . )
There are other annoying quirks , though .
If you have guests with AT&T devices , they wo n't automatically get better reception in your home or apartment — you have to manually configure your MicroCell to work with each of their phones individually .
And finally , readers have told Ars that the devices themselves are n't especially reliable — expect occasional dropped connections that require resetting the MicroCell .
Ultimately , you end up paying even more to address AT&T 's spotty coverage — for the MicroCell and for the backhaul that you supply , all on top of your monthly voice and data plan — and the solution is n't even foolproof .
AT&T should offer one of these devices free or at a subsidized price to customers who report connection problems .
Femtocells should be a temporary solution , though ; expanding 3G coverage will make femtocells obsolete in most cases .
Locked - down Android
We were going to ding AT&T for its rather lackluster Android lineup , but the company announced last week that it will get its own version of the Samsung Galaxy S—rechristened the Samsung Captivate — sometime " soon . "
Would we have to strike this item from our list ?
Nope .
AT&T has figured out a way to make even this highly anticipated Android handset — indeed all Android handsets offered by AT&T — consumer - hostile .
AT&T modifies its version of Android to eliminate the option to install apps from sources other than Android Marketplace .
One of the biggest advantages that Google and Android fans tout — the openness of the platform compared to , say , Apple 's iPhone — has been purposefully disabled by AT&T .
This gives AT&T more control over what you can install , and therefore do , with your phone .
AT&T spokesperson Seth Bloom told Ars that it is working to develop a way for beta testers and enterprise users load non-Marketplace apps , but that does n't address the needs of all users .
AT&T also installs its own branded versions of some apps that can't be removed from the device , many of which come with extra charges to use .
I 'm sure AT&T has its reasons for doing this ( like " monetizing otherwise free services " ) , but it 's downright anti-consumer and antithetical to the Android ethos .
AT&T should stop removing features it can't immediately use to bilk customers for more money and focus instead on providing customers with top - notch , reliable wireless data and voice service on a wide range of hardware .
" Expiring " data
Now that AT&T no longer offers unlimited data and charges by the gigabyte , it needs to offer data rollover .
AT&T constantly advertises that the voice minutes included in your monthly plan are " your minutes " and you should " get to keep them . "
We see no difference whatsoever when it comes to data — including SMS and MMS messaging .
If you pay for 2 billion bits , and you do n't use all of them in one month , you should be able to add them to next month 's allotment .
This goes for iPad data plans , too .
Tethering rip-off
Say what you will about AT&T 's rejiggering of its data plan pricing — some people might save , others will pay more as data demands increase — but the $ 20 extra charge for tethering is nothing other than a shameless grab for extra cash without providing customers any additional value .
If the additional $ 20 included an additional data allowance , as other carriers offer , it would be far easier to swallow AT&T 's explanation that tethering users " use more data . "
Instead , AT&T is charging customers an extra $ 20 to enable a native feature of their handset , and doing so without offering any extra data capacity .
It 's pure greed , and it 's even worse that AT&T tried to frame the charge as giving iPhone customers in particular a feature " they did n't have before . "
AT&T should , at a minimum , give tethering users an additional 2GB allowance for the extra $ 20 ; better yet , it could follow Rogers ' lead in Canada and just offer tethering as a free service , since customers are already paying for the data .
Nickel - and - diming to death
If you thought monthly data plans and MicroCell fees were the end of AT&T finding ways to charge customers for services that should be free , think again .
We 'll skip the ridiculously expensive charges for SMS messaging , but we will direct you toward the $ 4.99 per month service for " Voice Dial . "
Or how about paying as much as $ 14.99 per month for " Family Map for iPhone , " which lets you see your kids ' or spouse 's whereabouts when they are n't at home ?
Did we mention that this simple map mashup costs $ 14.99 ?
Every month ?
Customer data breaches
Exactly how customers will be affected by recent data breaches remains unclear .
However , no one likes having information they believe to be private released into the wild , whether that is merely an e-mail address or full account details .
The two recent incidents involving revealing customer information to third parties should absolutely make customers wary about AT&T 's ability to keep their information safe .
AT&T can't take back what happened , but it should do more than point fingers at hacker groups .
It needs to be more transparent about such issues , alerting customers before they find out that problems exist by reading about the issue on Gawker .
The company also needs to do something to restore customer confidence that problems like this — which were by all accounts preventable — do n't happen again .
Poor customer relations
AT&T already has one of the lowest satisfaction ratings among consumers .
Blocking useful apps , blaming customers for network problems , and threatening customers that take the time to explain their complaints are n't going to help one bit .
Such attitudes will only alienate customers further — the very same high - paying customers that are driving the company 's bottom line .
In our view , AT&T 's executives should spend less time tooting their own horn about how great AT&T will be in five years , and spend more time making AT&T a great value for consumers today .
And — I say this as a Luke Wilson fan — drop the smug commercials ; they 're only making things worse .
If AT&T wants us to " rethink what 's possible , " then AT&T should rethink how it can provide consumers with better service for a reasonable price .
The Department of the Interior 's Bureau of Ocean Energy Management , Regulation and Enforcement ( BOEM ) announced that BP America Inc. has been assessed a civil penalty of $ 5.2 million for submitting " false , inaccurate , or misleading " reports for energy production that occurred on Southern Ute Indian Tribal lands in southwestern Colorado .
The civil penalty announced today is not related to the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
" It is simply unacceptable for companies to repeatedly misreport production , particularly when it interferes with the auditing process , " said BOEM Director Michael R. Bromwich .
" We are committed to collecting every dollar due from energy production that occurs on Federal and American Indian lands , and accurate reporting is crucial to that effort . "
Bromwich praised the work of Southern Ute Tribal auditors who initially discovered the errors during an audit and which the Tribe first brought to BP 's attention August 2 , 2007 .
The Tribe 's audit was conducted as part of a cooperative agreement with BOEM's Minerals Revenue Management program ( MRM ) .
The Tribe was instrumental in documenting the ongoing errors .
Bromwich 's sentiments were shared by Southern Ute Tribal Chairman Matthew J. Box .
" The Southern Ute Indian Tribe and the MRM have had a highly successful 25 - year - long audit relationship , " Box said .
" Over the years , this relationship has yielded significant benefits for the Tribal membership .
One of the more important aspects of the audit program is to encourage oil and gas companies to accurately report the Tribe 's royalties to the MRM . "
Box added , " I appreciate the MRM 's recognition of its trust responsibility to the Tribe by assessing civil penalties when other means have failed to attain correct and accurate reporting . "
The Southern Ute Tribal auditors and MRM found that BP reported incorrect royalty rates and prices for royalty purposes , and reported well production on leases other than those to which the production is attributable .
After receiving audit issue letters and an order , the company agreed with the auditors ' concerns and repeatedly promised to correct the problems , which they attributed to errors in their automated files .
As part of its investigation , MRM and Tribal auditors examined later production reports to determine if BP had resolved the issues , as it had agreed .
Bromwich said the same reporting errors were found in the later reviews , " leading us to conclude that BP 's continued submission of erroneous reports was knowing or willful . "
Bromwich said the total civil penalty is $ 5,189,800 through May 15 , 2010 .
The company may challenge the civil penalty assessment through a Department of Interior hearing procedure .
WASHINGTON — The bulk of U.S. military forces will depart Haiti on Tuesday , leaving United Nations forces and civilian groups to help the country rebuild its devastated capital in the wake of January 's deadly earthquake .
The departure , which was agreed upon by the U.S. and Haitian governments and long anticipated , signals that " we have reached a basic level of sustainment in Haiti , " said State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley in an interview on Monday .
" The military played an essential short - term role , but now this is getting ...
Faked Israeli Flotilla videos provide opening to expose Israeli Espionage here
By Jim W. Dean for Veterans Today
Dear Friends ,
The Zionists shot themselves in both feet with this rushed spin job to deflect attention on their slaughter of the Gaza Flotilla activists .
We can thank the retired Intel folks for the frame analysis exposing the fraud on the Veterans Today link above .
Fortunately more and more retired Intel and security people are getting into the life or death struggle defending the country from our ‘ domestic enemies ’ .
These Photo shopped videos were done so poorly as to be almost comical if they were not done to cover up murders .
You will have to watch the video several times to really visually catch their mistakes .
Do n’t be afraid to use the pause button to study the images .
The ending scenes on the fantail immediately struck me as a studio shoot .
The lighting was way to bright for a ship in that situation .
The actors … well … they did a really poor job .
In the real videos you see more confusion … the clothes are not right .
If was a completely staged event , even down to the tiny slingshot one guy raises up so it can be noticed .
Also , the camera is stationary ( on a tripod ) … a huge mistake .
[ youtube WW2R4Iw5afc&feature=player_embedded ]
That the radical Zionists would lie , cheat or steal to gain some benefit for themselves is not even a news event .
Our own American declassified intelligence lays this all out in spades .
The best one book read on it is Steven Green ’s Taking Sides , if you can find a used one online .
The real news here is how such an obvious fraud was pipelined into American mass media .
Any experienced news video editor would have spotted the obvious fraud on these tapes .
But they pushed it right out onto unsuspecting Americans who wrongly think that mass media would not pedal something they know to be totally bogus .
And how wrong they are .
But it gets worse .
Our Intel and security agencies always do frame by frame analysis of important video material like this .
They also had to have spotted this …yet they did not warn the American people that this was a fraud .
Why not ?
The answer is that Israel espionage has penetrated American government , media , politics , and even our security institutions to the point that the Zios have no fear of those responsible for our national security protecting us from the Israeli 5th column operating here .
They are protected by powerful interests .
The military , veteran and intelligence communities are really the only American institutions who can take the lead on tearing the Israeli espionage networks out by the roots .
All the other institutions are already compromised .
And they will fight like hell as they know that the 5th column could not have been as effective as they have been without more than a few disloyal Americans helping them , many who are well known names .
They will do anything to protect themselves from exposure … anything …and they have .
The USS Liberty is just one example , where dead and wounded servicemen were literally abandoned on the battlefield so as to not reveal to the American public that they were murdered by the Israelis .
You might remember that the last whistleblower reform legislation was slapped down a while back .
The Congresscritters know what a threat that is .
So do the Israelis .
We have loyal Intel people who know that the Israelis have been given key Homeland Security contracts that actually have the American taxpayer funding their espionage operations .
Oh yes , the Israelis make us pay for it …smart folks they .
Michael Chertoff flew to Israel a few years back to put on a ‘ fast track ’ seminar for Israeli security companies ( staffed by Mussed and military Intel people ) to make sure they can the key contracts that they wanted , like airport security and communications plums .
This is a huge national scandal , and one that a Congressional investigation would not put a dent into as those folks have sold us out to the Israelis in return for political support .
John McCain is one of the worst examples , but he has lots of company .
I listened to General Russel Honore give a great Memorial Day speech in Atlanta recently .
It was short and sweet in his normal style .
“ We were born by accident , based on where our parents were .
To live free is a privilege .
But to die free is an obligation that we leave to each generation . ”
Folks ,
If we do n’t join hands and root out this the Israeli 5th column here we will be breaking the chain , and it is getting late in the day .
Their numbers are small , so they have put the fix it at the top , political espionage .
But we have the numbers to beat them .
They have just not been brought to bear due to their divide and conquer , smoke and mirrors tactics .
Our political establishment is more afraid of the Israel Lobby than they are of us .
We must reverse that situation or we will have betrayed the next generation .
So let ’s roll up our sleeves , and get on with the work .
First up is going to go see your Congresscritters with a small group of vets / Intel people and go through this video with them step by step , and demand to know why our people did nothing to expose the fraud , including Obama possibly even having been sand bagged on it .
Did Rahm Emanuel and David Axelrod know ?
Did Hillary , Defense and the CIA ?
Why no official exposure by those sworn to protect us .
And ask them what they have done to combat Israeli espionage here ?
You will enjoy the look on their faces .
I promise you that .
Jim Dean Heritage TV… Atlanta Assoc. for Intelligence Officers
Author Details Author Details Jim W. Dean , Managing Editor
He is working to find time now to database his extensive video archive of Americana and interviews filmed during his public TV days so individual topic segments can be key word searched to quickly use in future multi-media projects .
Read Full Complete Bio >>>
Jim ’s Latest Posts Jim W. Dean is Managing Editor of Veterans Today involved in operations , development , and writing , plus an active schedule of TV and radio interviews .
He broke into television work doing Atlanta Public TV programs for variety of American heritage , historical , military , veterans and Intel topics and organizations since 2000 .
Jim ’s only film appearance was in the PBS Looking for Lincoln documentary with Prof.
Henry Lewis Gates , and he has guest lectured at the Army Command and General Staff School at Fort Gordon , GA .
He is working to find time now to database his extensive video archive of Americana and interviews filmed during his public TV days so individual topic segments can be key word searched to quickly use in future multi-media projects .
TORONTO - Acclaimed British author Salman Rushdie said Monday that the death sentence imposed on him by Iran 's late leader no longer affects his daily life , but the issue still has n't gone away .
Rushdie commented on the fatwa in Toronto , where he was teamed up with Nobel Peace Prize laureate Elie Wiesel for a discussion on freedom of speech and human rights .
" It does n't really affect my daily life particularly any more , I 'm happy to say , " Rushdie said .
" It 's been well over a decade really since that was an issue , but it bubbles up every so often . "
The latest surfacing of the issue came over a call from an Australian member of Parliament to bar the entry of popular musician Yusuf Islam , formerly known as Cat Stevens , who is on a come - back tour .
Islam endorsed the fatwa , which was issued by Ayatollah Khomeni for Rushdie 's 1988 novel , " The Satanic Verses , " a book many Muslims considered blasphemous .
The Australian politician says the musician should not be issued a visa until he withdraws support for the 1989 edict , but Islam now says he was expressing the views of Muslims rather than his own .
Rushdie said Australia should allow the musician 's entry , but was adamant that Islam had spoken " extremely unpleasantly " and " outspokenly " in favour of the death decree that forced the author to go into hiding for many years .
" I used to be a fan of Cat Stevens when I was a college student , but I 'm afraid that 's no longer the case , " Rushdie said .
" The fact that it now suits him to pretend that 's not the case ( that he supported the fatwa ) is his business , but the facts are the facts .
" Nevertheless , he should go to Australia , and preferably stay there . "
Wiesel , on hand with Rushdie for the " Spirit of Hope Benefit " by the Friends of Simon Wiesenthal Centre , expressed sympathy with the bile directed at the author for his ideas and writings .
" The hatred that both of us inspire is something extraordinary ; I get so many hate letters ( and ) death threats , " said Wiesel , a renowned human - rights activist .
" The world is sick ; somehow the situation is getting worse and worse all over the world .
Too many wars , much violence , intolerance , fanaticism . "
Wiesel did disagree with Rushdie over whether Holocaust denial should be a crime , saying it should be outlawed everywhere except in the United States .
That 's because the First Amendment in the U.S. guaranteeing freedom of expression is too important , Wiesel said .
Rushdie , on the other hand , said prosecuting Holocaust deniers simply extended them a platform .
The author said freedom of speech and the value of human rights were both topics that could not be discussed enough .
" These are fights which we believed to have been won and it seems to me that we now live in a time in which the battle has to be fought all over again , " Rushdie said .
If you want the epitome of cool cybernetics , it does n’t get much better than a monkey waving around a robot arm .
Researchers from the University of Pittsburgh have placed two neural implants in the brain of a macaque , allowing it to control a seven degree of freedom robot arm using only its thoughts .
The experiment was designed to push the limits of brain - computer interfaces and increase the complexity of devices controlled by direct neural connections .
Check out the amazing video of the monkey using his robot arm in the brief video from IEEE Spectrum below .
While this is the most complex monkey - controlled robot we ’ve seen to date , it ’s not the only one .
The University of Pittsburgh ’s earlier version of this experiment used a four degree of freedom robot arm .
We ’ve also seen similar work in humans : Kevin Warwick of Reading University used a neural implant in his arm to control a robot hand , and the Smart Hand is a complete hand prosthetic controlled by nerve signals in the arm .
The macaque projects , however , stand out because of the complexity of the robotic device and the placement of the neural interface directly into the brain .
The robot arm nearly has the same degrees of freedom of a human arm ( minus the fingers ) , and the implants in the monkey ’s brain measure signals associated with both the arm and the hand .
In the University of Pittsburgh experiment , the macaque needs the complexity of the arm to accomplish its task .
The monkey moves a control stick with its natural arm , which places a black knob in an arbitrary position and orientation .
Using the robotic arm , the macaque lightly grasps the black knob and receives a liquid treat via a tube .
Using this reward system , the monkey was able to learn how to manipulate its robot arm into many different configurations made possible by its high degrees of freedom .
Erico Guizzo of IEEE Spectrum was able to talk to Andrew Schwartz of the University of Pittsburgh team .
He mentioned that the monkey was not only able to use the robotic arm to touch the black knob , but rotate it in place as well .
Watching the monkey deftly manipulate the robot arm is really amazing , but this experiment is just one avenue of approach towards the ultimate goal : humans controlling artificial limbs and bodies using nothing but their brains .
We ’ve already seen human motor neurons wired to control computer cursors and motorized wheelchairs using the Braingate device .
Taken together with the cyborg hand projects we mentioned above , the monkey and human neural interfaces demonstrate that we are nearing that goal .
Perhaps much quicker than any would have imagined .
It ’s no surprise that we could see an XPrize for BCI in the near future .
With the right financial incentives , advances to tap directly into the brain could be greatly accelerated .
Once the more complex problems of understanding sensory input are overcome , we ’ll have humans controlling computers with their thoughts and exploring virtual environments with their minds .
That sounds just awesome enough to beat out monkey - cyborgs on my list of cool technologies .
[ image credit : Motor Lab , University of Pittsburgh via IEEE ]
[ sources : Motor Lab Univ. Pittsburgh , IEEE Spectrum ]
Michael Hanna settled in his expansive office one Monday morning , sure he had his life mapped out .
An advertising executive , Hanna wore suits and ties and managed 40 people at Comcast Cable .
The day was drawing to a close when Hanna 's boss summoned him .
The conversation was a blur : sour economy , contracting industry , bad advertising climate .
Fifteen minutes later -- on May 4 , 2009 -- Hanna was out of a job .
He called his wife and drove to their home in Portland 's Laurelhurst neighborhood .
That evening , he broke the news to their two teenage kids .
At first , he was confident .
He had plenty of contacts from years as a reporter , ad salesman and executive at two Portland television stations ,
and
He made calls , took lunches and met with managers who were sympathetic but just hanging on themselves .
Soon , thoughts of the mortgage , college for the kids and saving for retirement kept Hanna up at night .
In August , friends Steve and Debbie Schneiderman visited from Coos Bay to have dinner with Hanna and his wife , Mary Ruth .
Something Steve Schneiderman mentioned offhand intrigued Hanna .
By the end of the night , Hanna had a plan :
He told his wife he wanted to take out a home - equity loan to buy , sight unseen , a semi - truck full of factory - second mattresses from Los Angeles .
His wife told him he was nuts .
But Michael Hanna , 47 , was ready to take a risk .
In the end , he would learn something about business and himself .
Schneiderman , who owned a furniture store , had told him a Los Angeles furniture dealer was trying to unload mattresses .
A broker had a truckload for sale , $ 9,000 cash .
Hanna mulled it over and proposed that he and Schneiderman buy the mattresses and sell them in Coos Bay in a location where Schneiderman would n't violate any noncompete clauses .
But first , Hanna had to persuade his wife to go along with the home - equity loan on their 1911 Craftsman - style home , which had greatly appreciated in the 12 years they had owned it .
" We did n't know anything about mattresses , " said Mary Ruth Hanna .
" He 'd never even shown a passion for mattresses .
Here he was trying to find himself and talking about buying a truck full of them . "
He , too , was nervous .
" The $ 9,000 was a lot of money , " he said .
" But I was at the point where I had to do something .
It was the first time in my life I 'd been out of a job .
The job market in Portland was very soft , especially for guys my age and with my background . "
His wife agreed to the loan , and Hanna and Schneiderman went ahead .
Within months , they sold out .
Hanna took his share of the profits , tapped the rest of the home - equity loan and rented part of a building at Northeast Sandy Boulevard and 24th Avenue -- the site of a closed car dealership .
" He stopped in one day and told me he wanted to open a mattress store , " said Alex Laws , co-owner of Timberline Dodge , one of hundreds of dealerships around the country that Chrysler ordered closed .
" I was sitting there with 22,000 square feet of empty showroom . "
Laws took a liking to Hanna .
On rent , he told Hanna not to worry .
" I told him we 'd figure something out , " Laws said .
" Just go ahead and open the store . "
Hanna bought another truckload of mattresses , which arrived New Year 's Eve 2009 .
Friends , also unemployed , helped unload .
There , three blocks from KATU 's headquarters , Hanna began a new career with a business he christened
.
" I 'd never owned a retail store , " he said .
" I did n't know what to expect .
But I had to give it a shot . "
The store has a stripped - down feel and at times features live music ;
a prominent Portland pianist , rents an adjacent space , and the Hannas hear him practicing .
Hanna had a television producer make a commercial and posted it on
Fifteen minutes after opening his doors , he made his first sale to a couple who had seen the ad .
" I 'm still not sure how they found it , " he said .
" But they needed a bed .
This was too easy .
For many days after that , I just sat there .
What had I done ?
What on Earth had I been thinking ? "
During January , he sold only a handful of mattresses .
" That first month , I would bring him a sandwich every day , " his wife said .
" He 'd be sitting in there alone and tell me that not one customer had stopped by .
I thought this was crazy , that he had to go find a real job .
But I also saw his passion and commitment . "
Sitting in the store day after day , seven days a week , was n't easy .
The suits and ties were stashed in the back of the closet .
Hanna learned that business -- and life -- comes with detours .
Then things began to turn around .
Hanna hired a consultant from a Salem mattress store to teach him about side sleepers , back sleepers and why coil counts matter .
He sold out and replenished with stock from Oregon Mattress Co. in Newberg , a family - run business that started in the 1930s .
He met one of the owners when the man happened to stop in the store one afternoon .
Soon , customers , many from the nearby Laurelhurst neighborhood , started arriving .
Hanna built a special trailer so he can make neighborhood deliveries by bicycle .
Hanna and one of his workers will load the mattresses on the trailer and set out on side streets on a tandem .
Six months after opening the doors , The Mattress Lot is turning a profit .
" What I found is that there is a segment of the population overlooked by the large stores , " Hanna said .
" Our sweet spot for a mattress is $ 399 and $ 499 .
For many people , that 's a lot of money .
They might be buying the best bed they 've ever had .
We respect that . "
Hanna , a lean and athletic man who likes to wear baseball caps , greets customers with a wave , but he 's clearly a low - pressure salesman , content to let customers wander .
He wo n't disclose sales but said business is good enough that he and his wife are on the payroll .
They 've hired five part - timers , including an architect who lost his job .
He recently posted an online ad for help with sales and deliveries , and received more than 200 applications in 12 hours .
One recent hire was Sarah Lawsage , 29 , who so impressed Mary Ruth Hanna while buying a bed that they tracked her down and offered her a job as the store 's customer service representative .
" There 's no corporate hoopla here , " Lawsage said .
" I feel like I 'm a part of their family .
I 'm four months ' pregnant , and they 're letting me borrow their bassinet . "
The business remains a lot of work for the Hannas .
" Sometimes I look at Michael and say that we can't talk about mattresses anymore , " Mary Ruth Hanna said .
" I get tired of talking about mattresses .
The kids get sick of it , too .
It 's a boring conversation for a 14 - and 16 - year - old . "
But aside from finding a way to make a living , Hanna has learned a lot about life .
He 's learned how to improvise and adapt : " If I fail at this point in my life , I know I 'll find something else . "
He 's learned about others .
" A bed is one of the most intimate parts of someone 's life , " he said .
" Customers like to talk , and I like to listen . "
One customer complained because a platform bed broke .
Fearing it was defective , Hanna learned it broke during " vigorous activity . "
He fixed it at no cost .
" Another time , a young woman walked in , bought something , and I offered to give her a ride back to her apartment when I delivered the bed , " he said .
" My 14 - year - old son came along to help .
On the way , I asked what she did .
She said she worked at a bar . "
As a stripper .
Families stop by to get a big bed for children who 've grown .
Hanna has sold beds to people getting married and people getting divorced .
" Two men from Pakistan came in and said they each needed a king - sized bed to impress their wives , " he said .
" It was an arranged marriage , and they were going to meet them for the first time .
Every bed is a story . "
Now , Hanna does n't manage .
He works .
" It 's very humbling to go from a corporate manager to being a delivery guy , " he said .
" That 's what I do many days a week .
I lift mattresses and go into people 's homes .
I 'm doing the kind of work -- labor -- that I have n't done in 30 years since I was in college .
My fingers hurt ; my back is frequently sore at night .
" But I 've never been happier in my life . "
--
Having a baby is a precious gift .
When she smiles , your heart might burst with happiness .
But it is not all bliss .
When your baby cries , do you know what to do ?
It may not be just a cry for food .
It can be so many different things that you may not even imagine , like colic .
Are you aware of this condition ?
Do you know what is colic and how to help your baby when she experiences it ?
Colic is one of the most common problems that infants have .
But many parents are not aware of it , especially new moms and dads .
More so , the ways on how to manage it .
If you are one of these people who are new to the world of parenting , then this article is …
Now , female condom Rape - aXe with ' teeth ' to hit rapists where it hurts
International
ani -Staff
By Devaki
Melbourne , June 21 ( ANI ) : A South African doctor has invented a female condom that is lined with teeth - like hooks in a bid to deter rapists .
Dr Sonnet Ehlers , who sold her home and car to develop the condom known as Rape - aXe in 2005 , is handing them out at World Cup venues , and after the trial period they will be available for 2 dollars each .
The latex condom , which a woman can insert like a tampon , has jagged rows of hooks on the inside , and they work by attaching to a man 's penis during penetration .
And once attached it can only be removed by a doctor , and Dr Ehlers hopes it will make it easy for the authorities to make arrests .
" It hurts , he can not pee and walk when it 's on .
If he tries to remove it , it will clasp even tighter ... however , it does n't break the skin , and there 's no danger of fluid exposure , " News.com .au quoted her as saying .
" I consulted engineers , gynaecologists and psychologists to help in the design and make sure it was safe , " she said .
But the Rape - aXe condom has met with criticism from some , who feel it will only make women vulnerable to more violence from men trapped by the device .
Dr Ehlers plans to distribute 30,000 free devices under supervision during the World Cup period .
( ANI )
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America , and to the Republic for which it stands , one Nation under GOD , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all .
As a downtrodden , continuously oppressed woman of a certain age I am always grateful when stronger , more eloquent masculine types sweep in to fight battles on my behalf .
Honestly , what with all the cross-stitching and the Morris - dancing lessons it 's no wonder we dames run out of time to campaign local members regarding opening times at the community pool and the pedestrianisation of the High street .
We barely have an hour free to take Body Step classes , pausing only to recklessly kill fetuses on the off - chance they may jeopardise our blossoming careers .
Thank goodness , then , that there 's always someone looking out for our feminine interests and general wellbeing - sometimes the least likely of ambassadors .
Perhaps some of you were unaware of the Reverend Fred Nile 's unfailing commitment to feminism and the rights of the fairer sex , writing him off as a homophobic , poisonous stiff better suited to making a red - faced ass of himself on Mardi Gras before a crowd of bemused homosexualists .
Shame on you , you small - minded , judgemental curs .
Why , only last week Nile revealed his latest arresting and forward - thinking hobby - campaigning tirelessly to rid the streets of the burka , claiming loudly that it " oppresses women " and that we delicate types deserve better .
Could n't you just eat him up with a spoon ?
" The wearing of the burka is a form of oppression which has no place in the 21st century , " Nile said manfully , possibly dressed in a posing pouch and simultaneously punching a crocodile in the snout .
He added that concealment of a person 's face - male or female - for any purpose , including discrimination against women , should be banned .
Oh sure , he also mumbled about various other reasons like " terrorism and anarchism " and implied rather heavily that hidden beneath most Muslim robes is a bloodthirsty towelhead with a lust for revenge , but at the heart of his argument - surely - is a love for all things femme .
A fearmongering bigot ?
Nile ?
Why , some of his best friends are suicide bombers .
He just wants our Allah - worshipping sisters to strut their empowered stuff .
Presumably while he shrieks " YOU GO GIRL ! " and snaps his fingers encouragingly from the sidelines .
Tony Abbott , too , is a man who loves nothing more than assisting beleaguered damsels .
If there 's a distressed hymen somewhere out there in the country I 'm fairly certain some kind of pubis - related bat signal is sent skywards causing him to slide down a pole and get into his Vagina Mobile and zoom into Gotham City to save the day .
If he's not bursting through teenage bedroom doors to protect the innocence of waylaid young ladies , he 's solemnly informing the grownup ones what 's best for their nether regions at various significant points in their lives .
Pope Benedict XVI loves chicks too , so long as they do n't try and muscle in on his workplace tea and coffee area .
Even Wayne Carey is a massive advocate of women 's rights , particularly in the chest area .
And look , why should n't these blokes step up and be counted ?
Will their oestrogen - fuelled colleagues do any better ?
In case you missed Thursday 's flurry of Canberra - based excitement and weeping , broken , bespectacled men ( please refer back to my Drum column dated June 15th 2010 ; I maintain that we played a large part in breaking the poor bastard and will be punished accordingly ) , someone with breasts was installed as Prime Minister of this country and the entire political landscape changed .
Interestingly , history has shown that women leaders are actually less likely to champion female rights than their male counterparts - worried , perhaps , of being seen as some sort of flush - cheeked giggling gerties insisting that Barack Obama put down that icky carbon emissions agreement and instead discuss his favourite biscuit .
Margaret
Thatcher apparently went out of her way to avoid championing women 's issues though she was , as I believe medical records have since proven , created from the loins of Satan .
And it 's not that I take umbrage at those with dangling appendages taking an interest in women's " issues " .
That would be idiotic .
If I 'm allowed to pass opinion on testicular cancer or Matthew Johns ' jolly new career as a family - friendly prankster ( devastating and potentially life - threatening respectively ) , then gentlemen mouthpieces have every right to muse aloud over menstruation and yeast infections .
What they do n't have is the right to dress small - minded , vicious , sexism and xenophobia up as an abiding concern for the " sisterhood " and march about with pink flags and ribbons , singing Linda Perry songs .
Not that Fred Nile or Tony Abbott are engaging in such activities , of course .
They may appear as though they 're trying to completely do us over with their revoltingly outdated policies , but really they 're trying to help us .
Why , gosh .
If I were n't so busy sitting prettily in a love seat drooling into my navel and dreaming about lollipops I 'd shyly thank them for taking care of my affairs .
At least someone 's looking out for me .
Week 6 Picks : Bragging rights come down to wire
The guys at the Mansfield News Journal went 9 - 1 last week for a nice solid week of picking .
An “ article ” from the state - owned China Daily newspaper republished on the website of China ’s official news agency Xinhua News serves as our English - language notice :
The crackdown on internet mapping services in China is real , and starts next month .
The piece deserves a careful read :
China issues new rules on Internet map publishing BEIJING , May 19 —
An updated standard for Internet map servers will be implemented next month to avoid state secrets being disclosed and uncertified maps published online , authorities have said .
The new standard issued by the State Bureau of Surveying and Mapping , one year after the first standard was launched , requires all Internet map servers to keep servers storing map data inside the country and provide public Internet protocol addresses .
In other words , if you want to have your maps seen inside China ’s great firewall , you will need to have them served from within China , where they must abide by Chinese law .
The Google Maps version adapted for China , ditu.google.com , already abides by Chinese law — borders are shows as dictated by China , and there are no annotation layers visible — but it is not now served from within China [ They are now for Chinese users ] .
I think this spells the end of Google Maps in China , and of the API as well .
Another casualty of this decree will likely be Google Earth — it has no datasets adapted to suit the local laws of countries like China and India , and is served from outside China .
Under the latest standard , qualified online map servers must have no record of information leakage in any form in the past three years .
That ’s another count against Google Earth , whose annotation layers are chockfull of information of the kind that the Chinese government probably considers leakage .
It ’s also a handy way to retroactively punish any Chinese map service that ’s published geogaphic information not to the government ’s liking before this regulation was announced .
The new regulation includes all maps downloaded or copied from the Internet onto cell phones and handheld computers .
Best to close that loophole before mobile maps take off .
By the end of December , the authorities will also crack down on unregistered or illegal Internet map servers and release the blacklist to the public .
Song Chaozhi , deputy director of the State Bureau of Surveying and Mapping , said in a conference on Internet map services in Beijing on May 14 that there are two main problems existing in the field :
One is publishing maps with wrong locations or information , and the other is leaking sensitive information involving State secrets on maps .
All these will harm consumers ’ rights or even endanger national security , he said .
Here we finally get an inkling of their motivation .
“ Maps with wrong locations or information ” is newspeak for “ maps with place names and borders with which we do n’t agree ” .
As for “ state secrets ” , these are of course anything but secrets , because anything visible from space has now been in the public domain for years .
The bit about consumer rights is just cynical posturing , but the party faithful eat that stuff up .
Cases of illegal mapping are not rare in the country .
The national surveying and mapping bureau reportedly punished three Germans who collected geographic information in Yichang , Hubei province and later mapped these in computers .
Similarly , the Longyan bureau of land and resources in Fujian province reportedly meted out administrative punishment to a Japanese who measured 195 locations inside Longyan and located 80 of them on his map .
Indeed , as long ago as 2006 scary foreigners were caught collecting geographical information from inside China !
Unhelpfully , we ’re not told if adding waymarks to a GPS device warrants the prescribed 7 - 10 years in jail .
It might just be less of a hassle to get the coordinates from Google Earth .
The 2006 news item led to a speculative post on Ogle Earth about what might happen should Chinese officials catch on to these annotation layers , and four years on , it is proving remarkably salient .
In April 2010 , the Shenzhen land planning and supervision team detected a website named Moon - bbs.com , where confidential geographic information including military airports and locations of nuclear test explosions were published .
That ’s the BBS maintained by China ’s William Long , who is also author of this English - language blog .
It ’s unlikely that this BBS and his Google Earth - centric blog Google Earth Watch took until 2010 to be “ detected ” .
Even Ogle Earth managed to detect William Long ’s work as long ago as 2008 .
More likely , the authorities decided that annotation layers would no longer be tolerated , and William Long was chosen to be made an example of so as to create a chilling effect .
The website was reportedly linked to the server of a foreign map website , where users can scan high - definition satellite pictures worldwide free of charge and mark the location or relevant information of a military site on it .
That would be Google Maps / Earth .
Great investigative reporting , China Daily .
Satellite pictures cannot be called electronic maps because no coordinates are marked , but in this case , when users marked coordinates of military sites , it can reveal state secrets , experts said .
If your secret submarine cave base has been found — and let ’s face it , it ’s kind of a cool thing and something people will want to see and photograph if they can — the game is up for ever .
You ca n’t put these photons back in the bottle .
Ditto for new submarine classes that surface , or special training grounds .
Most of the world ’s militaries and intelligence agencies know this .
They also know that what ’s visible to a satellite has long been accessible to everybody with sufficient resources , e.g. other governments , or conglomerates willing to spend cash on commissioning images and analysts .
Since Google Earth , this scrutiny has extended to crowds of interested individuals , collaborating to share their findings on the internet .
And what do they annotate ?
Military sites are just a tiny portion ; just check the list of topics in Google Earth Community : Huge and unique , sports and hobbies , transportation , people and cultures , nature and geography , history illustrated , travel information … and yes , military .
One way you certainly cannot solve the “ problem ” of having your sensitive sites scrutinized by the rest of the world is to legislate against it .
The sustainable solution , as most modern militaries know , is to camouflage your installations , or hide them underground or in buildings , or otherwise frequently change the setup and configuration of those installations out in the open .
In another website called Godeyes , a well - known portal based on Google Earth with 440,000 registered users , people can pilot virtual planes from Nanning , capital of the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region , to Beijing .
Yes , and ?
China has about 42,000 Internet map websites and as the number grows , more cases of information leakage reportedly occur .
Anyone who violates the State Secrets Law or reveals State secrets can be jailed up to seven years , or up to 10 years if the crime involves military secrets .
Many analysts said the new regulation will impact Internet map servers significantly .
Edward Yu , president of Analysys International , said the issue will involve balance or competition between the government and Internet map servers .
Workers from online search engine Google and communications giant Nokia said they have not heard of the regulation and have no comments on its impact .
“ If it ’s about natural fields rather than cities , satellite mapping information can be sensitive and State secrets such as military bases may be exposed , ” said Chu Xiaowen , assistant professor of the department of computer science in Baptist University in Hong Kong .
“ That ’s quite normal for any country .
No one would agree to put its own map information in other countries , ” said Li Zhilin , professor of the department of land surveying and geo-informatics at Polytechnic University of Hong Kong .
Li Zhilin seems wasted on Hong Kong , where freedom of speech is still protected and none of these stringent new mapping restrictions will be in effect .
He is of course also mistaken :
These annotation layers are not owned by China , so they can be served from anywhere .
And if by “ own map information ” he should in fact mean “ maps of China ” then he is especially wrong :
Other countries do n’t in fact have a problem with the Google Maps dataset of the world being served out of the US .
So what is the state of play currently ?
I ’ve just checked :
The Google Earth Community is still accessible from within China .
The default version of Google Maps is still accessible .
Google Earth is also still accessible from within China , as are all its annotation layers .
Let ’s see what changes come June 1 .
Just for the record , I think it is entirely a good thing that the average interested citizen can browse military installations and capacities both domestically and internationally .
After all , we ’re collectively paying for it , and if we are going to support this level of militarization globally , then we should know what it entails , and what we ’re getting for our money .
Accountability is a cornerstone of any open , democratic society , so it is fitting that in Europe and the US ( and most elsewhere ) , pointing out military installations on a map is part of a healthy discourse on security and its costs .
Criminalizing such activity is as stupid and reactionary as it is pointless .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - European leaders are committed to ensuring the survival of the euro and have enough money to meet obligations of heavily indebted member countries , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said on Monday .
In remarks to the Woodrow Wilson Center in Washington , Bernanke said a euro stabilization package of nearly $ 1 trillion was “ a lot of money ” and enough to protect Greece , Portugal and Spain from volatile credit markets for a number of years .
But he acknowledged that investors were not yet convinced Europe ’s debt problems would be resolved , and said more European rescue money may be needed .
“ European leadership is strongly committed to doing whatever is necessary to preserve the euro , preserve the euro zone , preserve the European project , and avoid financial problems that would certainly arise , ” Bernanke said .
In a wide - ranging question - and - answer session , Bernanke said a regulatory reform bill which Congress is finalizing contained strong measures to address the problem of financial firms being “ too big to fail . ”
“ The acid test of the reform will be , will it control ‘ too big to fail ? ’ ” he said , pointing to measures including tougher bank capital rules , resolution authority to safely close failing firms , and “ living wills ” that require companies to plan for their own unwinding .
When asked whether he thought the bill was more helpful than harmful , Bernanke replied , “ Oh yes , I do . ”
He also said the U.S. economy appeared to have enough momentum to avoid a “ double - dip ” recession , citing strengthening consumer and business spending .
“ There are some signs the private sector is picking up the baton , ” he said .
However , Bernanke noted that the pace of recovery was moderate considering the depth of the recession , and unemployment would probably decline only slowly .
On China , Bernanke said he was probably the only U.S. official who had attended every Strategic and Economic Dialogue since the enhanced program was started by former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson during the financial crisis .
He said the new format was particularly useful because it broadened discussions beyond traditional sticking points such as the value of China ’s currency .
He said China recognized that it has a “ codependency ” with the United States .
China is the largest foreign buyer of U.S. government debt , while the United States is a vital trading partner for China .
“ There is a real desire on both sides to engage , ” Bernanke said .
“ For me , that is a very important achievement to have those lines of communication be open . ”
The Difference between Success and Happiness
A lot of people tend to confuse these two words .
We work hard , focus on our goals , and figure that happiness will come once we achieve success .
Do n’t fall for this deception .
Happiness
Happiness is a feeling .
It can be triggered by external factors — a friend , a lover , a place , an event , a food or a drink — but it comes from inside ourselves .
We can choose to be happy , even if things around us are chaotic and we ’re all alone .
There ’s a tendency for some of us to rely on others for our happiness .
It ’s more likely if we were raised in an environment of rewards and punishments .
It ’s more likely if we were not given unconditional love as a child , or if we were constantly criticized by those around us .
In a hostile environment like this , we can unconsciously give away our ability to find happiness in ourselves .
We become dependent for our happiness on external forces .
We set goals and tell ourselves , “ I ’ll be happy when I achieve that goal . ”
Then often we ’ll find that happiness continues to elude us when the goal is achieved , and so we set yet another goal , continuing to strive for that ultimate happiness that never seems to arrive .
We fall into the trap of equating happiness with success .
Success
On the simplest level , we succeed when we achieve an objective .
That ’s technically what the word “ succeed ” means , and success is what comes from succeeding .
But for many of us the word “ success ” means so much more .
It ’s more personal .
Success is not something we do — it ’s something we become : we strive to become “ a success . ”
And so being successful becomes our all consuming goal , the thing that justifies all of the frustration and pain that we endure on a day by day basis .
Ironically , our personal definition of success keeps enlarging as we get closer to our objective , so we never quite reach it .
According to a survey I once read , most people say someone is “ well off ” if they make 50 % more than you , and a “ rich ” person makes twice as much as you do .
Your definition of wealth changes as your income increases — the more you make , the more you think you need — and the same thing is true with your definition of “ being a success . ”
It ’s like a dog race where the dogs can never catch the automated “ rabbit ” that runs in front of them — the target always stays a little bit ahead of you .
Happiness Does Not Come from Success
This is the biggest mistake many people make .
They think they can postpone happiness until they achieve success .
But happiness does not come from success .
Instead , success comes from happiness .
Ultimately your success in life will come from the amount of happiness you feel and the amount of happiness you share .
Someone who enjoys life and makes life a joy for others will have a far greater impact on the world than someone who achieves an executive position or becomes rich .
And here ’s the real irony : someone who enjoys life and makes life a joy for others is more likely to achieve an executive position or become rich !
That ’s because people who find their passion — the thing that makes them happiest — are more likely to be successful at it .
When you really enjoy doing something — whether it ’s art or design or building or math — you get so immersed in the process that you become truly great at doing it .
And that greatness will position you for whatever kind of success comes from your field .
We ’ve Got It Backwards
So many of us have been looking at things the wrong way .
We have assumed that we have to postpone happiness in order to achieve success , and that the happiness we ’re missing now will come to us once success is achieved .
But that ’s backwards .
We need to focus on the things that make us happy , find our passion , and discover the strengths that will maximize our happiness .
And through that happiness we ’ll achieve success .
I remember a cartoon in the New Yorker many years ago .
It showed a songbird talking to a human .
The songbird was saying , “ I do n’t sing because I ’m happy .
I am happy because I sing . ”
The bird discovered its passion , and so can you .
This is part three of a six part tutorial series on c2hs .
Today , we take a step back from the nitty gritty details of FFI bindings and talk about more general design principles for your library .
On the one hand , writing an FFI binding can little more than churning out the glue code to let you write “ C in Haskell , ” the API of your library left at the whimsy of the original library author .
On the other hand , you can aspire to make your interface indistinguishable from what someone might have written in pure Haskell , introducing modest innovation of your own to encode informally documented invariants from the C code into the type system .
Overall design .
Larger bindings benefit from being divided into two layers : a low - level binding and a higher - level user - friendly binding .
There is a large amount of code necessary to make C functions available to call by Haskell , and the obvious thing to do with it is to stow it away in its own namespace , frequently with Internal somewhere in the name .
Low - level design .
In the low - level binding , you should organize your foreign imports the way the C header files were organized .
Keep the names similar .
While it wo n't be possible to have identical C function names and Haskell function names —
C functions are allowed to begin with capital letters and Haskell functions are not ( there is an opposite situation for types and data constructors ) — you can still adopt a consistent transformation .
c2hs , by default , converts Foo_BarBaz in C to fooBarBaz ; that is , words after underscores are capitalized , the first letter is uncapitalized , and underscores are removed .
There is room to improve upon the original API , however .
The rule of thumb is , if you can make a non-invasive / local change that improves safety or usability , do it .
These include :
Marshalling vanilla C values ( e.g. int , float and even char* , if it's a null terminated string ) into their natural Haskell forms ( Int , Float and String ) .
Care should be taken , as the native Haskell types lose precision to their C counterparts , and thus should ensure that the application does n't need to squeeze out every last higher bit ( e.g. with a bit field ) .
80 % of the time , a lossy transformation is acceptable ,
, and even , if it's a null terminated string ) into their natural Haskell forms ( , and ) .
Care should be taken , as the native Haskell types lose precision to their C counterparts , and thus should ensure that the application does n't need to squeeze out every last higher bit ( e.g. with a bit field ) .
80 % of the time , a lossy transformation is acceptable , Converting int into Bool from some naming convention ( perhaps boolean values are prefixed with f for flag ) ,
into from some naming convention ( perhaps boolean values are prefixed with for ) , Putting malloc 'd pointers into memory management with foreign pointers .
This advice is worth repeating : Haskell has memory management , and it would be criminal not to use it as soon as possible .
Plus , you do n't have to write an explicit Haskell deallocation function .
'd pointers into memory management with foreign pointers .
This advice is worth repeating : Haskell has memory management , and it would be criminal not to use it as soon as possible .
Plus , you do n't have to write an explicit Haskell deallocation function .
Converting functions that initialize some memory space ( set_struct_default ) into pure versions ( structDefault ) with unsafePerformIO , alloca and peek .
Note that you should do this in conjunction with the appropriate Storable instance to marshal the C struct into a persistent Haskell datatype .
) into pure versions ( ) with , and .
Note that you should do this in conjunction with the appropriate instance to marshal the C struct into a persistent Haskell datatype .
Marshalling more complex C values ( arrays , mostly ) into Haskell lists , assuming that bounds information is consistent and available locally .
We will discuss these techniques in more detail in the coming posts , since this is precisely where c2hs is used the most .
It 's useful to know when not to simplify : certain types of libraries may have highly efficient in - memory representations for large structures ; marshalling them to and from Haskell is wasteful .
Poorly written C code may also you hand you arrays for which you cannot find easily their length ; deferring their marshalling to the higher - level interface may be a better idea .
Decide which structures you are explicitly not going to marshal and enforce this across the board .
My preference is to marshal flat structs that contain no pointers , and leave everything else be .
High - level design .
While there are certainly exotic computational strcutures like arrows , applicative functors and comonads which can be useful in certain domains , we will restrict our discussion to the go - to tools of the Haskell programmer : pure functions and monads .
Pure functions .
Transforming the mutable substrate that C is built upon into the more precious stuff of pure functions and persistent data structures is a tricky task , rife with unsafePerformIO .
In particular , just because a C function published purpose seems to not involve mutating anything , it may perform some shared state change or rebalance the input datastructure or printf on failure , and you have to account for it .
Unless your documentation is extremely good , you will need to do source diving to manually verify invariants .
There will be some number of functions that are referentially transparent ; these are a precious commodity and can be transformed into pure functions with ease .
From there , you will need to make decisions about how a library can and cannot be used .
A set of internal state transformation functions may not be amenable to a pure treatment , but perhaps a function that orchestrates them together leaks no shared state .
Data structures that were intended to be mutated can be translated into immutable Haskell versions , or frozen by your API , which exposes no method of mutating them ( well , no method not prefixed by unsafe ) to the end user .
Monads .
First an obvious choice : are you going to chuck all of your functions into the IO monad , or give the user a more restrictive monad stack that performs IO under the hood , but only lets the user perform operations relevant to your library .
( This is not difficult to do : you newtype your monad stack and simply fail to export the constructor and omit the MonadIO instance . ) newtype MyMonad a = MyMonad { unMyMonad :: ReaderT Env IO a } deriving ( MonadReader Env , Monad , Functor )
You will be frequently passing around hidden state in the form of pointers .
These should be wrapped in newtypes and not exposed to the end -user .
Sometimes , these will be pointers to pointers , in the case of libraries that have parameters ** ppFoo , which take your pointer and rewrite it to point somewhere else , subsuming the original object .
newtype OpaqueStruct = OpaqueStruct { unOpaqueStruct :: ForeignPtr ( Ptr CStruct ) } Shared state means that thread safety also comes into play .
Haskell is an incredibly thread friendly language , and it 's easy , as a user of a library , to assume that any given library is thread - safe .
This is an admirable goal for any library writer to strive for , but one made much harder by your dependence on a C - based library .
Fortunately , Haskell provides primitives that make thread safety much easier , in particular MVar , TVar and TMVar ; simply store your pointer in this shared variable and do n't let anyone else have the pointer .
Extra care is necessary for complex pointer graphs ; be sure that if you have an MVar representing a lock for some shared state , there is n't a pointer squirreled away elsewhere that some other C code will just use .
And of course , if you have persistent structures , maintaining consistency is trivial .
withMVar ( unOpaqueStruct o) $ \o_ -> withForeignPtr o_ $ \p -> -- peek ’n poke the piggy , erm , pointer
One particularly good technique for preventing end - users from smuggling pointers out of your beautiful thread - safe sections is the application of a rank - 2 type , akin to the ST monad .
The basic premise is that you write a function with the type ( forall s. m s a ) -> a .
The forall constraint on the argument to this function requires the result a to not contain s anywhere in its type ( for the more technically inclined , the forall is a statement that I should be able to place any s in the statement and have it be valid .
If some specific s ' was in a , it would be only valid if I set my s to that s' , and no other s ) .
Thus , you simply add a phantom type variable s to any datatype you do n't want smuggled out of your monad , and the type system will do the rest .
Monadic regions builds on this basic concept , giving it composability ( region polymorphism ) .
newtype LockedMonad i a = LockedMonad { unLockedMonad :: ReaderT Env IO a } deriving ( MonadReader Env , Monad , Functor ) runLockedMonad :: ( forall i. LockedMonad i a ) -> IO a runLockedMonad m = runReaderT ( unLockedMonad m ) =<< newEnv data LockedData i a = LockedData a
We will not be discussing these ideas as part of c2hs ; use of the preprocessor is mostly distinct from this part of the design process .
However , it is quite an interesting topic in its own right !
Next time .
First steps in c2hs
BUSAN , South Korea 
The American Treasury secretary , Timothy F. Geithner , told his counterparts at a Group of 20 conference on Saturday that they should not rely on spending by American consumers for their economic recovery , and he urged Japan , Germany and China to bolster domestic demand .
“ We discussed how the ongoing shift toward higher saving in the United States needs to be complemented by stronger domestic demand growth in Japan and in the European surplus countries , and by sustained growth in private demand , ” Mr. Geithner said .
He spoke at the end of a two - day conference of finance ministers and central bankers from the world ’s 20 leading economies , who gathered to discuss ways of shoring up a fragile global recovery in the face of the European debt crisis .
At the same time , the participants also haggled over the thorny issue of reforming supervision of banks and other financial institutions to prevent a re-run of the 2008 - 9 recession .
What will the next mayor do to fix Toronto ’s transit crisis ?
Four candidates have weighed in so far , each with an ambitious — some would argue impossible — blueprint , a multi-billion - dollar price tag and various strategies for finding the cash .
For the record , a kilometre of light rail costs about $ 100 million , a kilometre of subway runs around $ 300 million , and above - ground subways are about $ 250 million per kilometre .
So which candidates are on the right track and which just dreaming ?
The plan :
54 kilometres of above - and below - ground subway lines , including a downtown relief line , Eglinton line , and extension of the Bloor - Danforth , Spadina , and Sheppard routes , funded in part by road tolls , working with developers and creating a subway bond .
Projected cost :
$ 14 billion .
Would it work :
TTC chair Adam Giambrone says Thomson ’s plan is the most realistic , because it acknowledges new revenue would need to be generated .
She estimates $ 5 rush - hour road tolls on major routes could generate $ 400 million to $ 500 million per year .
( A 2007 city report anticipates just $ 74 million to $ 120 million . )
She also assumes public - private partnerships will reduce cost to $ 200 million per kilometre .
The good :
Truly a citywide expansion , and her funding strategy is the most truthful .
The bad :
Numbers still do n’t add up and there are legitimate concerns with her fuzzy timeline , and whether populations along some routes could adequately support a subway line .
The plan :
“ Transit City Plus ” would extend Sheppard line to Scarborough Town Centre , then close the loop to hook up with Bloor - Danforth line .
Would build 2 kilometres per year over the next decade .
Would n’t scrap Transit City entirely , or turn away provincial dollars , but would modify existing proposal .
Projected cost :
$ 4.5 billion ( not including $ 8.15 billion for Transit City already in the works ) .
Would it work :
Would use sale of Toronto Hydro for estimated $ 3 billion to pay down city ’s debt , then redirect existing $ 450 million allocated for debt repayment to construction .
Critics say Hydro would n’t fetch that much and that Rossi is ignoring the fact the province would take about one - third of the sale as a transfer tax .
The good :
Rossi ’s plan is in many ways modest , and beneficial for booming Scarborough .
His schedule and cost estimates are specific and more or less in line with the research .
“ I do n’t agree with his numbers but at least he ’s honest and saying ‘ I have Asset A and I ’ll trade that in and get money with which to build Asset B , ” said Steve Munro , local transit blogger .
The bad :
It ’s still unclear which parts of Transit City Rossi would scrap .
The plan :
Aligned with David Miller ’s plan for Transit City .
Provincially funded initiative is designed to get rapid transit into underserved areas quickly : about 50 kilometres of light rail with about 90 stops along Sheppard , Eglinton and Finch Aves . over the next 10 years , as well as a rebuild of Scarborough Rapid Transit .
Projected cost :
$ 8.15 billion
Would it work :
Concerns were raised by province ’s decision to delay $ 4 billion of the funding .
Advocates fear a change in government could derail the plan .
The good :
With money on the table and major players on board , Transit City seems to be the city ’s best hope of getting better transit into Toronto ’s most needy communities quickly .
The bad :
Some of the track will be below ground , but most will be above ground and may add to congestion despite their dedicated rights - of - way .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
The plan :
Essentially Transit City Deluxe , a mix of subway and light rail rolled out in two phases before and after the 2015 Pan Am Games : First , extending the Spadina line , Queens Quay , Eglinton and Sheppard LRT .
Second , extending Sheppard subway west , a Finch West LRT , Scarborough line , and extending the Bloor - Danforth line .
Projected cost :
$ 17 billion
Would it work :
After current commitments by Metrolinx , province and federal government , Smitherman says the city would be on the hook for about $ 7 billion .
He plans to find the extra cash from parking authority and Hydro dividends , as well as the city ’s share of gas taxes .
The problem is , those funds are already being spent in the budget .
The good :
In Smitherman ’s Toronto , you could ride the subway from the Scarborough Town Centre to Sherway Gardens in Etobicoke .
The bad :
His funding plan is not realistic , does not include a downtown relief line , and many of the initial proposals are already approved .
The plan :
Yet to release a comprehensive transit plan , but has called for an end to Transit City , saying : “ People want subways . ”
Projected cost :
?
Would it work :
Ford has mused about selling air rights on top of stations to help pay for construction .
It ’s too early to judge Ford ’s transit vision , let alone if it would work .
The good :
People actually do want subways .
The bad :
Killing Transit
City now would mean many underserved neighbourhoods would continue to be underserved , and there is no guarantee the province would fund a future initiative .
There are also questions about whether Scarborough , Etobicoke and North York have the density to support subways .
With files from Tess Kalinowski
Wall Street Operative Geithner Rebuffed in Berlin on Mission to Make World Safe for Derivatives
Webster G. Tarpley
TARPLEY.net
May 28 , 2010
On the most important stop of last week ’s desperate mission to make the world safe for derivatives , US Treasury Secretary Geithner has been dealt a decisive rebuff .
Geithner ’s obvious attempt to sabotage the recent prohibition enacted by the German government against naked credit default swaps ( among the most toxic of derivatives ) was rejected in Berlin on Thursday by German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble .
At their joint press conference , Geithner and Schäuble could hardly hide the atmosphere of tension and hostility , even though both were determined to mask the clash for domestic political reasons .
A Handelsblatt blog pointed to the language of mutual dislike , and this newspaper headlined that the transatlantic conflict was escalating .
The Washington Post published a photograph on Friday , May 28 , 2010 showing the German minister scowling at the feckless featherweight Geithner .
Geithner assured the journalists that there was a “ broad agreement on regulatory reform , ” but in reality there was no such common ground .
Schäuble has now emerged as the strongman in the German cabinet , due precisely to his willingness to take the point in the fight against derivatives .
“ Ban Bolsters Schäuble ’s Sway , ” headlined the Wall Street Journal .
German officials are reported to be increasingly dismissive of the carping criticism coming from other countries which have failed to act against the world derivatives plague .
The Germans know exactly what they are doing , Schäuble stressed : “ We have done our national homework , ” he added .
It is abundantly clear that Germany is determined to act unilaterally against speculation , especially in the form of derivatives .
This means maintaining the current ban on naked credit default swaps , and supplementing this with a ban on naked short sales of German stocks , euro - denominated government bonds , and of the euro itself .
Geithner , as always , is operating behind a mask of duplicity .
During the press conference , he did not directly address the German ban on naked credit default swaps which has caused such consternation in the City of London , Wall Street , the US Treasury , and the Federal Reserve , where derivatives are regarded as sacrosanct .
Geithner also failed to address the question of a Tobin tax or securities sales tax on speculative financial turnover , which the German government is attempting to push through the ponderous elephantine Brussels bureaucracy of the European Union .
Geithner also did not talk about the regulations largely targeting the Anglo - American hedge fund wolfpack which are also being developed in the Byzantine corridors of the eurogarchy .
These are matters of extremely serious strategic conflict .
As the Washington Post noted on May 28 , “ … differences have emerged on the host of issues between the United States and Europe … some European officials – including Schäuble – want to tax all financial transactions for a fund that might be dedicated to crisis resolution or that might go into each government ’s general account . ”
Given the increasing pressure on national budgets , it is of course imperative that the revenue generated by a Tobin tax be kept in - country to prevent the savage dismantling of the social safety net which is increasingly demanded by the financiers and their agents and dupes .
Under no circumstances should these funds be kept in a fund which will inevitably be used for further bailouts of bankrupt zombie banks .
As the Washington Post further commented : “ Europe wants to more strictly clamp down on what it views as speculation , while … US officials speak more frequently about the risk of stifling innovation if regulations become too rigid . ”
Modern societies need innovation in the area of scientific discoveries that can lead to new technologies , and do not require any more variations of the available brands of derivatives cyanide , arsenic , and strychnine .
The world has had enough of toxic derivatives to last us until the end of the century and beyond .
Geithner ’s true intentions can be read from his systematic sabotage and gutting of the financial reform bill recently passed by the U.S. Senate .
The most important feature of this bill was the ban on derivatives speculation by commercial banks proposed by Senator Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas .
This would have partially restored the blanket ban on most types of derivatives which was in force under the New Deal from 1936 through 1982 thank to the Commodities Exchange Act signed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Geithner has attacked this provision , and is teaming up with Obama handler Rahm Emanuel to remove it during the upcoming House - Senate reconciliation process .
Geithner was also an active participant in the efforts to torpedo the McCain - Cantwell amendment , which would have restored the New Deal era Glass - Steagall law , which rigorously prevented commercial banks from engaging in stock jobbing and related forms of investment banking , including derivatives .
Geithner has also talked about stress tests for European banks .
It should be recalled that the stress tests for US banks carried on last year under Geithner ’s supervision were worse than useless , since they systematically excluded from consideration the main cause for bank insolvency in the current era – off - balance - sheet toxic derivatives .
This blatant mockery should not be repeated in Europe .
As for the hedge fund hyenas , they are adamant about their intention to bring the crisis currently impacting the southern tier of the euro back home to the United States .
In his New York Times article “ Easy Money , Hard Truths , ” David Einhorn , a leading hedge fund operator involved in the infamous February 8 , 2010 Manhattan planning session for the current assault on Europe , is categorical in his forecast that the European crisis will happen here as well .
To spare the American people endless and useless misery , it is imperative that we mobilize every legal and regulatory tool in the New Deal armory to put the hedge fund predators out of business while banning or taxing derivatives .
The goal must be to prevent a needless national bankruptcy of this country and preserve the present constitutional system of representative government from the chaos and anarchy the speculators are eager to visit upon us .
The University of Nottingham spin - out company , Oncimmune Ltd , has developed a ground - breaking blood test which will aid the detection of cancer as much as five years earlier than current testing methods such as mammography and CT scans .
Physicians will know the result of their patient 's test within one week of sending in a blood sample to Oncimmune .
Oncimmune has developed a new technique which replicates the cancer proteins that trigger the body 's response to the disease and robotic technology to measure this response .
This new technology ( immuno - biomarkers ) provides a significant advance in how early a cancer may be detected and is likely to change the current paradigm of diagnosis and treatment for most solid cancers such as lung , breast , ovarian , colon and prostate .
Based on the early work of John Robertson , a world - renowned breast cancer specialist and Professor of Surgery in The University of Nottingham 's Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences , Oncimmune has successfully transferred this science into a reproducible commercial test .
The test for lung cancer , EarlyCDT - Lung™ will be launched nationally in the USA this month followed by a launch in the UK early next year .
Geoffrey Hamilton - Fairley , Executive Chairman of Oncimmune , said : " We believe this test , along with the others we will launch in the next few years , will lead to a better prognosis for a significant number of cancer sufferers . "
Initial research results were derived using blood samples from patients with breast cancer and a group of high risk women attending for annual mammography -- which Professor Robertson had prospectively collected in Nottingham .
All samples were obtained with fully informed consent as part of a study which had received approval from the appropriate ethics committee .
In addition to identifying the signal in the blood of a percentage of women when they developed breast cancer the results also showed that the signal could be detected in some of the high - risk patients who had given blood samples for a number of years during their annual check up and before they were subsequently diagnosed with cancer .
When these samples were run retrospectively by Professor Robertson he showed that the prototype assay test could have detected over half of these cancers up to four years before they were actually diagnosed .
The work on lung cancer followed through a European Union grant which involved both The University of Nottingham and Oncimmune in a collaboration with a number of European partners .
Professor John Robertson said " I am very pleased that the initial exciting research data that we produced in the laboratories at The University of Nottingham a number of years ago have been translated by Oncimmune to the first of many tests that will help us identify cancer early .
The support of the University at all levels , including past and present Vice - Chancellors , Deans of the Faculty of Medicine and Heads of School along with the University 's Management Board has been essential .
Some of the initial research work was supported by charitable funds and donations from patient groups .
In the commercialisation of the technology there have been a number of individuals who have continued to believe in and financially support the goal of developing a blood test for the early detection of cancer without whom this technology would not have reached this milestone .
It has been a long and at times very hard road in creating a robust commercial test and those involved have worked with exceptional diligence and tenacity and have given their unremitting support to achieve this . "
A study involving researchers at the Mayo Clinic in the USA recorded similar results using blood samples from a study of CT scans to screen for lung cancer where antibodies were detected up to five years before the lung cancers were diagnosed .
A number of other academic centres have reported similar results .
advertisement
Oncimmune LTD was founded in 2003 to commercialise the technology developed in the laboratories of Professor Robertson .
In 2006 the company set up a North American operation to validate and scale - up the test -- trialling it on more than eight million assay " wells " from 80,000 patient samples .
The first early cancer detection test ( EarlyCDT™ ) to launch will be the test for lung cancer ( EarlyCDT - Lung ) which has the potential to detect the early stages of lung cancer possibly up to five years before a tumour appears .
The target population for this test are high - risk individuals such as long - term smokers and ex-smokers between the ages of 40 and 75 .
Additionally the test would be appropriate for people who have been exposed to other risk factors associated with the disease , for instance , environmental exposures such as radon , asbestos and extensive exposure to secondary smoke .
Under the guidance of Professor Robertson , The University of Nottingham has become a world leader in the field of autoimmunity in cancer .
Using the technology developed by Oncimmune there is , for the first time , a reliable platform available for testing the autoimmune response to cancer and further research will allow validation of the test in other tumour areas such as lung , colon and ovarian cancer .
To support this , the University is to establish a Centre of Excellence for Autoimmunity in Cancer ( CEAC ) with Professor Robertson as the Director of Research .
The new centre will foster collaborative research to : speed up the delivery of an autoantibody blood test for different types of cancer for clinical use ; encourage other research in the area of autoimmunity in cancer ; and continue the search for support technologies that have the potential to enhance the medical prognosis following a positive test result .
Professor David Greenaway , Vice - Chancellor of The University of Nottingham said : " The establishment of CEAC will provide state - of - the - art technologies to continue world leading research and development in the early detection of cancer using autoantibodies .
The new centre will house a multi disciplinary research team working in partnership with international collaborators and Oncimmune .
The research will provide additional test systems for the early diagnosis of a wide range of cancers which will have considerable impact within clinical medicine .
The group 's discovery science which has led to a novel set of biomarkers is providing new insights into the biology of cancer .
Their basic , translational and clinical research is likely to contribute to a positive paradigm shift in our understanding of the early phases of cancer cell development as well as enhancement of the medical management of a wide range of cancer types . "
Initially the test will be offered via primary care physicians and pulmonologists in the USA for high risk asymptomatic patients as well as patients who have indeterminate lung nodules .
Oncimmune will bill private insurance companies as well as government - run Medicare Part B carriers on behalf of the patient .
More information can be found at : http://www.oncimmune.co.uk
As founding members of the Toronto Lesbian and Gay Pride Day Committee , and people involved in organizing the first Pride event in Toronto at the end of June in 1981 , we stand totally opposed to the decision of the current Toronto Pride Committee to ban the use of “ Israeli Apartheid ” at Toronto Pride events .
This banning of political speech is clearly an attempt to ban the participation of Queers Against Israeli Apartheid ( QuAIA ) and queer Palestine Solidarity supporters from the parade and from participation in a major event in our communities .
This sets a very dangerous precedent for the exclusion of certain political perspectives within our movements and communities from Pride events .
We call on the Pride committee to immediately rescind this banning and to instead encourage QuAIA ’s participation in the pride parade .
We remind people of the political roots of Pride in the Stonewall rebellion against police repression in 1969 and that the Pride march in 1981 in Toronto grew out of our community resistance to the massive bath raids of that year .
On the Pride march in 1981 about a thousand of us stopped in protest in front of 52 Division Police Station ( which played a major part in the raids ) and our resistance to the bath raids was rooted in solidarity with other communities ( including the Black and South Asian communities ) also facing police repression .
Two of the initiating groups for Pride in 1981 — Gay Liberation Against the Right Everywhere ( GLARE ) and Lesbians Against the Right ( LAR ) — organized Pride as part of more general organizing against the moral conservative right - wing .
This included not only its anti-queer but also its anti-feminist , racist and anti-working class agendas .
We also remember in the 1980s that lesbian and gay activists around the world , including in Toronto in the Simon Nkoli Anti-Apartheid Committee , took up the struggle not only for lesbian and gay rights in South Africa but linked this to our opposition to the apartheid system of racial segregation and white supremacy in South Africa .
This global queer solidarity helps to account for how it was that constitutional protection for lesbians and gay men was first established in the new post - apartheid South Africa .
Solidarity with all struggles against oppression has been a crucial part of the history of Pride .
To break this solidarity as the Pride Committee has now done not only refuses to recognize how queer people always live our lives in relation to race , class , gender , ability and other forms of oppression but also breaks our connections with the struggles of important allies who have assisted us in making the important gains that we have won .
Signers :
Katherine Arnup , founding member of the Lesbian and Gay Pride Day Committee , member of Lesbians Against the Right and Gay Liberation Against the Right Everywhere .
Hugh English , one of the first organizers of Toronto Pride , a former member of GLARE , and a queer in solidarity with struggles against oppression around the world .
Amy Gottlieb , member of Lesbians Against the Right .
Gary Kinsman , founding member of the Toronto Lesbian and Gay Pride Day Committee , member of Gays and Lesbians Against the Right Everywhere , member of the Simon Nkoli Anti-Apartheid Committee .
Natalie Polonsky La Roche
Ian Lumsden , founding member of the Toronto Lesbian and Gay Pride Day Committee and member of Gay Liberation Against the Right Everywhere .
Michael Riordon , co-host ( with Lorna Weir ) of the first Toronto Lesbian & Gay Pride Day , 1981 ; founding member of Bridges ( between gay / lesbian & Latin American liberation movements ) ; author of the forthcoming book , Our Way to Fight , on peace activists in Israel and Palestine .
Mariana Valverde
Lorna Weir , co-host ( with Michael Riordon ) of the first Toronto Lesbian and Gay Pride Day , founding member of Lesbians Against the Right .
Brian Woods , member of Gays and Lesbians Against the Right Everywhere , and founding member of the Toronto Lesbian and Gay Pride Day Committee .
Retro Studios , best known for its work on the Metroid series , the Texas - based studio takes a swing at Donkey Kong with Donkey Kong Country Returns , a sidescrolling platformer due out this holiday .
Advertisement
A trailer at E3 showed Donkey Kong romping through mine cart levels , swinging from vines and and pirate ship levels .
Sometimes following a team becomes much more than following a team .
Sometimes , sports and life can intersect in strange and moving ways .
My journey with United States soccer began 12 years ago , in Taiwan .
1998
I 'm in a a hot train station in Chiayi , Taiwan .
You 've likely never heard of Chiayi .
Think of it as the Charlotte , North Carolina of Taiwanese cities , a bustling city with a redneck core .
In Taiwan , rednecks are people in galoshes and do - ris queued up in the morning to eat the breakfast of champions : a bottle of Whisbih ( a caffeineated demon brew of alcohol , caffeine , and a nicotine extract ) , a fried egg , and cigarettes .
They queue up for trucks waiting to do road work or head to the fields for the day .
It 's 90 degrees , and the phone is making strange noises .
I 'm making strange noises .
The phone makes two beeps , and sometimes one long one , and I do not understand any of them .
Moving to another country is to inflict a temporary brain injury on yourself , and the degree varies depending on how far removed said country is from your frame of reference .
Move to England , and it is comparable to walking around with a mild concussion .
Move to Asia at the age of 21 , and you may as well have suffered an aneurysm , and then attempt to function as if nothing ever happened .
I hang up the phone .
The phone clearly speaks Chinese , since all my efforting and pawing at the box nailed to the wall resulted in one frustrated American and one clearly baffled but polite Taiwanese operator .
At least I think that was the operator ; there are no guarantees .
I could have been patched through to President Lee Tung - Hui 's office for all I know .
If that was the case , he was polite , thorough , and completely useless to an English speaker in need of serious help operating Taiwanese phones .
No one tells you about jet lag when you move to Asia : how it distorts your ability to think , function , or see anything objectively .
I would walk back after the same fight with the phone across the road from our hotel , and sit in the hotel room in between teaching hours , waiting to hear about apartments , and would watch the only thing on our hotel television : American professional wrestlng , and the 1998 World Cup .
( For some reason , the WWF had secured a serious foothold in Taiwan .
Listening to Hollywood Hogan - ah dubbed in Chinese still ranks as one of the most unsharable and delicious comedy experiences of my life . )
I followed the United States out of categorical obligation , out of homesickness , and by default .
If you did n't watch any of the matches , good for you .
You missed a United States squad with all the cohesion of cut-rate concrete , sent into a sputtering mess by Steve Sampson 's mismanagement of the team and John Harkes pulling a John Terry on Eric Wynalda before John Terry even knew what a John Terry was .
( Translation : he slept with his wife . )
Harkes was left off the team , the chemistry soured , and I spent the wee hours of the night in a tiny Taiwanese hotel room .
Drunks crashing motor scooters in the streets served as my soundtrack for the images of a US team losing to Germany , Iran , and Yugoslavia in three easy steps .
The soundtrack in my case was entirely appropriate for the 1998 United States World Cup team .
On the field , they bore the look of a shell - shocked team .
Each player seemed to be broadcasting at great distance to the other over deplorable and aged ham radio equipment : crackle hiss pop crackle HERE COMES A PASS I'M KICKING IT NOW crackle hiss pop .
They may as well have been calling each other from the phone across the street from me , barking in defensive calls over hissing Taiwanese phone lines in heavily accented Mandarin to a baffled teammate on a cellphone in France .
They played soccer as if each were stranded on their own moons , kicking the ball across vast , unbridgeable spaces .
On my own moon in Chiayi , Taiwan , I drank Mr. Brown canned coffee , watching the United States make horrible mistakes while I wondered if I 'd done the same .
I want to say I met the United States team on a first - name basis under good circumstances , but that was not the case .
I met them as failing strangers , flickering over a bad feed on an ancient hotel television , in a sweltering fit of Pacific Rim insomnia , far from home , utterly lost in every sense of the word , and wondering what any of us were doing .
2002
I 'm walking up the hill to the Brewhouse in Little Five Points in Atlanta .
It 's five in the morning , and the United States are going to play Portugal in the opening game of the 2002 World Cup .
We 've switched time zones , the team and I : I 'm somewhere in the American - Euro Community timesphere , and they 're in Godzilla Standard Time in Japan and Korea , lining up for a match against the best team Portugal may ever put on the field .
The Golden Generation -- Luis Figo , Rui Costa , and a dozen other players who never would fulfill their international promise -- are lining up to play what will be a warm - up for them against a vastly inferior US side , an American team made of the same castoff material we always assembled our teams from : college players , second and third - tier Euro players , guys eking out livings in the Saudi league and other bizarre , far - flung soccer environs .
Correction : they might have already lined up and given the US that ass - whipping , since I 'm late , and for all I know the US , some twenty minutes into the match now , may have already surrendered five goals .
This is a given , that we 're not good , and that this will all end badly , and yet I 'm up with the birds at a time in my life when I usually came home to them for ... for this .
A silhouette of a fan appears at the top of the hill .
He 's wearing an Uncle Sam top hat and American flag across his shoulders as a cape .
I do n't know why he 's out there .
In retrospect , maybe he just wanted to tell someone , anyone what had just happened .
In Little Five Points at five in the morning , this would likely be a homeless man looking for grain alcohol , but he would have told him all the same , and possibly bought him a beer .
Instead he sees me , and screams at me down the hill .
" WE'RE UP ON PORTUGAL TWO - NIL !
FREAKING PORTUGAL !!! "
I start sprinting up the hill .
Every fan has a focal moment , a point where , like a serial killer , you crossed the line from being a normal person to someone who would discard everything in the name of obsession .
With U.S. soccer , being up two goals against Portugal at five in the morning is mine .
The rest of the month is a blur .
I almost get fired from two jobs .
My bank statement goes into overdraft thanks to the eight dollar " orange juices " served bright and early at the Brewhouse , which in fact are screwdrivers sold on the sly to circumvent liquor laws .
I apologize day and night to my wife , who sees me for a grand total of four hours that month .
My co-workers politely ignore me working drunk , which to my credit I do very well .
( At least I think I do it well .
I was drunk . )
I get up at 2 in the morning for games .
I almost get into a fight with an American hippie in an italian jersey who says he can't root for the US because " We 've killed too many people . "
( My retort : " One too few , in my opinion . " )
I fall off the edge of the fireplace and spill an entire 24 oz beer in celebration when we score the second goal in a 2 - 0 win against Mexico , hated , cheating , cheap - shotting Mexico .
I nearly break a bone in my hand when Claudio Reyna 's prayer of a midfield shot , taken when Oliver Kahn was hopelessly out of position , goes just that wide [ holds hands a foot apart ] in our final loss to Germany .
Like most of my twenties , the United States making the quarter - finals of the World Cup was a giddy blur of bar tabs and hazily remembered moments .
I 'm not even sure it really happened , and would n't be if I had n't ruined shirts , potential letters of recommendations , professional prospects , and several thousand cells in my liver in the process .
For one month in 2002 , I let the brakes off and let life roll downhill without caring , and when it ended the United States had come within one goal of beating the eventual runners - up .
A soft landing by any accounts , I say .
2006
It just feels wrong .
I 'm skipping work again , and almost getting fired , and in fact having that meeting , that meeting with my supervisor , the one where she says " You just do n't seem like you want to be here . "
I do n't , in fact : I 'm terrible at my job , and spend the better part of my day watching the World Cup on pirate feed , covering the window in my office to reduce the glare on the screen and popping up an Excel spreadsheet each time someone walks in .
The notable exception to this is my Ghanaian co-worker , who in the next office over thumps on the wall to let me know : your team sucks .
I 'd love to argue , but the 2006 team seems to be playing like two different animals sewed together .
The husk of the old -- the 2002ers , the McBrides , the Hejduks -- is coming off , and the new - - Donovan , Dempsey - - has n't quite got its sea-legs .
The result is a disjointed mess that loses a howler to the Czechs 3 - 0 and draws in a disgraceful game against Italy , an Italy squad at their dive -y , theatrical worst .
I blow off work for a " meeting " in the case of Italy .
Two of my co-workers see me , but there 's mutually assured destruction at work here .
Jorge Larrionda sends off not one , but two of our players in what becomes a nine on ten game that the Italians still can't crack open into a win .
( To this day , if I see him in person , I will assault Jorge Larrionda for that game .
I am not exaggerating .
I have graphs and diagrams of precisely how I would hurt him .
This has required some planning , but I 've had four years to think about it . )
The team is clearly in between things .
So am I : I do n't know where I 'm going , but it 's not this office , not this life .
I 'm writing a bit .
Okay , a lot : compulsively , badly , sometimes far too quickly , but writing , and it 's piling up , and sometimes checks for tens -- sometimes hundreds -- of dollars land in the mailbox .
It 's starting to affect my work , but I do n't care , and with the World Cup it only gets worse .
Later , when i blow off three hours of work for the Argentina - Germany match , my boss asks me in again for what could be " the talk " where she tells me it 's time to get out the sad little white box of doom and put my things in it .
She starts to speak , but I cut her off .
" I had a very important meeting with a partner today , and this saved our relationship with them . "
" Where ? "
" I had to watch Germany - Argentina with her , or she would n't contract with us anymore . "
" You expect me to believe that ? "
" Yup .
Call her . "
I do n't know if she ever did , but it did n't come up again .
Sometimes a little bullshit will fail you , but a lot of bullshit has never done me wrong in a crisis .
A few days later , the US is dying against Ghana , just slowly bleeding out possession and running out the clock on the 2006 World Cup .
My Ghanaian co-worker bangs on the wall when Ghana scores their second goal .
" YOU DON'T WANT THIS , YANKEE !
YOU DON'T ! WOOOO !!! "
She 's howling it from the next office over , and she 's more right than she could possibly know .
2010
Landon Donovan , at full speed , rams home a wayward deflection from Algeria 's goalie on a Clint Dempsey shot .
I 'm at the Midway , in Atlanta , not drunk , not in between things , a half - finished beer perched dangerously on the bar rail with my laptop open and trying desperately to hold the freshly scattered pieces of my brain together .
Donovan runs , his body on full autonomous control , unthinking and frantic with glee , finally sliding on his belly to the corner flag on the left side of the field .
Ian Darke bellows noises made incomprehensible by the noise of hundreds of people losing their minds simultaneously .
The bar has exploded .
A man in a flag worn as a cape leaps up on the divider between the tables and the bar where I 'm working and begins pounding on it with his fist .
A man in a 1994 US jersey has his arms up .
He is crying .
My phone skitters across the floor , and I dive for it , because I have people to text , to call : did you see that ?
Did you just verify that same event happening with me ?
Can we both relive it for days , months , and years to come , feeling the same elation by checking with each other that yes , that did happen ?
Can we verify that every so often , without condition , good things happen even when the worst is on the verge of overtaking it ?
The lines are jammed , and the bars on my phone die .
Yesterday , when Donovan put the US into the round of 16 for the second time at the last possible second , the internet experienced the biggest traffic surge it had since the election of Barack Obama .
Twitter collapsed .
Yahoo Sports ' servers exploded in a cave somewhere in California .
The bars on my cellphone shriveled to a nub .
For a moment , the clamor to reach out to someone else and tell them about it , to relive it -- to warm the leftover moment up for one last taste -- overwhelmed the capacity to do so .
I 'm trying to write about it , and I can't .
White space sits on the screen , and I want to fill it .
I want to say how for twelve years I 've lived with this team and not even known it , running parallel with them across the globe , failing , standing in between things , and having moments of random , squandered glory in the interim between mediocrity , frustration , and moments of complete collapse .
I want to , really , just like I want to know the rest .
I want to know how this team pans out versus Ghana on Saturday , the team that knocked us out last time in a blaze of miserable flames .
I want to know if we can go further than the quarterfinals , or if Tim Howard can top the dazzling save - post - pattern throw sequence he made to Landon Donovan to save the game .
I want to write about all of this .
I can't .
There 's all this joy in the way .
This team , by sheer coincidence , has been grafted to me , and for the moment all I can see is hope , stars , puppies , and Randy Macho Man Savage eating a Slim Jim while riding a unicorn to Freedomland in a clouded cartoon sky .
We 've been through things , this team and I .
We 've sat in the dark together , had lost weekends , and had half - baked times of abject failure .
This was not one of them .
On some huge life - map , I 'd tacked my course using this team as a reference .
Pins and lines ran all over its meridians : lost , confused , giddy , absent .
With Donovan weeping during his postgame interview , I put another pin on this spot : happy .
Electronic
Arts has confirmed that massively multiplayer online racing game Need For Speed : World will be released on July 20 .
Developed by EA Black Box , the online MMO allows players to compete in races and also access an RPG - style progression and power - up system .
In its 150 square - mile open world , the game features the most popular cities from Need For Speed : Most Wanted and Need For Speed : Carbon .
On July 20 , the MMO will officially launch as a free download from the Need For Speed website , with players getting access to all races , pursuits and career progressions up to level ten .
After that point , gamers will be asked to pay for a starter pack , which allows them to compete up to level 50 and access a range of power - ups and vehicles .
Anyone pre-ordering Need For Speed : World will get access to the game a week earlier on July 13 .
They will also receive increased XP points and guaranteed access to all Need For Speed : World beta events .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Broken Glass Jello
Broken Glass Jello
Thanks JustJenn for this fantastic recipe and inspiration !
Ever since I made the 5 - layer Jello for Valentine 's Day , I 've been craving Jello .
Recently , my friend gave me great notecards from JustJennDesign .
You have to check out her site !
Such awesome stuff and she somehow manages to also write very funny blogs
On her site , she has a recipe for Broken Glass Jello .
I 've seen variations of this in Mexican grocery stores and eateries , but have n't seen one with such vibrant colors .
I had to make this ... and you should too !!!
So easy , so little labor , and so much fun to eat .
Sure , it does n't require the usual KitchenAid mixer , imported sea salt , 72 % cocoa chocolate or Tahitian vanilla beans ... but sometimes , we need something simple ! :)
And I think kids would love this !( Adapted from JustJenn ) 4 small boxes ( 3 oz. each ) of Jell - O or store brand " gelatin dessert " in different colors .
( I used strawberry , lime , orange and blue .
My store only sells the big 6 oz .
box of blue jello so I weighed 3 oz .
or half of the package ) .1 ( 14 oz. ) can sweetened condensed milk ( do n't get evaporated milk ) 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin ( that Knox stuff ) For each flavor , dissolve one box of jello in one cup of boiling water .
Pour into a container and chill ( overnight is probably best , but I chilled it 3 hours until firm ) .
I just love these retro Tupperware containers I picked up at a garage sale !
Please note :
Only add 1 cup of water to each box of colored Jello .
Ignore the instructions on the box of Jello ( they say to use 2 cups of water ) .
Use only 1 cup of water so the Jello is firm and can be cut into blocks .
After chilling the four flavors , cut them into small blocks .
Carefully mix the blocks in a 9 x 13 pan .
In a separate bowl , sprinkle 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin into 1/2 cup cold water .
After the gelatin blooms , add 1 1/2 cup boiling water and dissolve .
Add the can of condensed milk .
Stir and cool .
Pour cooled milk mixture over jello and chill overnight .
Cut into blocks or shapes and serve !
--
The highlight of his season was supposed to be the first game he played .
But the way Antti Niemi is going , the highlight of his season just might be the last game anybody in the NHL plays this season .
When you managed to elude all 30 teams ' radar in your draft year and remain a mystery to even your teammates entering your rookie season , simply getting a start in the first week of the schedule is a reason for celebration -- no less pitching a 23 - save shutout in Helsinki , which just happens to be the city that borders your hometown of Vantaa , Finland .
When , just two months after you 've finally been " discovered " at age 23 and signed by an NHL team , that team goes out and signs a veteran NHL goaltender ( Cristobal Huet ) to a long - term , big - ticket free - agent deal , it is clear you are not viewed as a hidden gem who will one day lead the franchise back to glory .
When you enter the postseason not only with no previous Stanley Cup Playoff experience but not one playoff series victory of any kind anywhere on your resume , you are not supposed to be the guy whose name a championship - starved city is chanting two games into the Final .
You are not supposed to be the goaltender who in any way gets into an opponent 's head -- unless that opponent is wracking his brain trying to figure out whether your first name is spelled with a double -t or a double - i .
Yet here Antti Niemi and that franchise and that city are up , 2 - 0 , in the 2010 Stanley Cup Final and only two victories away from the Chicago Blackhawks ' first Cup since 1961 .
Astounding , really .
But only if you have n't been watching this guy play all spring or listening to him talk .
He has done the former with eye - popping competitiveness and resilience .
He has done the latter with sleep - inducing understatement .
Given the combination , it 's no wonder his teammates have come to trust him implicitly -- particularly in games immediately following those in which he has n't exactly been brilliant .
" That 's the way he is , " Chicago coach Joel Quenneville said .
" His disposition is very laid - back .
He 's a very quiet , very unassuming guy , and he just moves forward .
I think he just looks ahead , looking to stop the next shot , and refocuses .
But , you know , you 've got to commend his attitude and his preparation .
At the same time , that 's just the way he is .
" Monday night 's Game 2 of this Final was the latest such instance in these playoffs .
While the international media and the players in both rooms spent much of Sunday wondering who would be chosen to start Game 2 for the Philadelphia Flyers , nobody even considered that Quenneville might switch from Niemi to Huet .
Of course , even while Niemi was giving up five goals -- the same number as Philly 's Michael Leighton -- in the Hawks '
6 - 5 Game 1 victory , Quenneville said he never even considered pulling Niemi from that game , as his counterpart , Peter Laviolette , had done with Leighton .
Back between the pipes for his 18th straight start in this postseason , Niemi did what he has done after just about all of the subpar ones : he glittered .
And what he has done after every one of the four he has lost : he won .
This one began in the most unsettling way for a goaltender who wants to bounce back -- with a first period in which he hardly touched the puck .
It then got wild in a hurry , with the Flyers going back to their Game 1 strategy of firing away , figuring that Blackhawks in shooting lanes might create screens and deflections rather than blocked shots .
Niemi flashed his fancy feet over and over during a final 40 minutes in which the Flyers unloaded 30 of their 33 shots at him .
A split and toe save on a Mike Richards breakaway 7:28 into the second period got Niemi into the game , and he never left it .
Another pad save on Richards midway through the period and a reach - back glove snatch on an against - the - grain one - timer from Arron Asham four minutes later kept the game scoreless until Niemi 's teammates struck twice in 28 seconds late in the second to stake him to a 2 - 0 lead .
The Blackhawks rarely left their own zone in the third .
But Niemi was as relentless as the desperate Flyers were persistent .
The only shot that beat him all night was one that he could n't see and was deflected and came on a Flyers ' power play -- a swat at a bouncing puck by Simon Gagne that was headed low but then sailed high over Niemi off the stick of Chicago forward Marian Hossa while Philly 's Jeff Carter erected a vision - obliterating screen .
That goal 5:20 into the third and the offensive - zone time by the Flyers that ensued sent a rumble of nervousness through the United Center stands .
But no such distress was evident in the crease , where Niemi calmly repelled nine more shots -- including one with 7:40 left that was deflected , not once but twice , forcing him to perform a second extension of his left leg when the puck took off on new and interesting trajectories after Richards batted it down with his stick , only to have it change direction again off the boot of Chicago defenseman Brent Seabrook
When it was over , when the Flyers finally stopped coming at him and Niemi was asked to come to the interview room , somebody wanted to know how he manages to play his best in games immediately after he has n't played near his best .
" It 's hard to say , but it 's a great thing that it 's been that way , " he replied softly , as if he had been asked about the Chicago weather having cleared late in the day .
" I want to keep it that way later , too .
Maybe it comes out of how I feel after the bad game or game allowing five or four goals .
I do n't know how it happens .
" Neither could Niemi explain what had happened a few minutes before -- the only event of the night that truly overwhelmed him .
While conducting an on-ice television interview moments after the final buzzer , Niemi was overcome by the sound of 22,275 Chicagoans chanting his name .
He gazed up into the stands , mouth agape , having come so ridiculously far from that night in Helsinki eight months before .
" Well , " he said , " it 's an unbelievable feeling how people react to our game . "
Author : John Dellapina | NHL.com Staff Writer
GIVEN the chance to accompany a team of botanists on a plant - collecting expedition to South America , most gardeners would probably be satisfied with the experience .
They would n’t come home and try to recreate the rain forest in Manhattan .
But Michael Riley is n’t like most gardeners .
Mr. Riley , a former commodities trader turned plant expert who went on to become assistant director of the Horticultural Society of New York , was eager to move beyond potted plants in a way that had n’t yet occurred to many others .
It took a number of expeditions , a lot of research and more than a decade and a half , but by 2003 he had figured out how to grow a wall of plants inside his Upper West Side apartment .
“ In the rain forest , I realized that plants did n’t need to grow in pots with labels , ” said Mr. Riley , 64 .
“ I wanted to grow plants in ways that were natural to them . ”
With his partner , Francisco Correa , a Spanish teacher who is now 52 , Mr. Riley attacked a corner of his living area , stripping the walls of plaster and affixing exterior - grade plywood to new and existing building studs .
On top of the plywood went bitumen roofing to protect the walls .
Cork bark was then stapled over that , and plants were inserted into pockets in the cork .
Sprinklers and lighting were installed overhead , trenches were put in at the base of the walls to catch water that trickled down , and pools were added in the middle of the room to increase humidity .
And please consider not blocking ads here .
They help pay for the server .
Pennies at a time .
Literally .
Comment count is 14 SDAusmus - 2010-06-26
NEEDS MORE VUVUZELA
Daddy Warcrimes - 2010-06-26
I never thought I 'd be disappointed that they did n't offer the vuvuzela button for all videos until today .
fluffy - 2010-06-27
- 2010 -06 -27 Here you go :
http://www.vuvuzela-time.co.uk/www.poetv.com/video.php%3fvid=8 0692
Anaxagoras - 2010-06-27
- 2010 -06 -27 Ahhh .
That hit the spot .
It 's not soccer without the vuvuzelas .
La Loco - 2010-06-27
- 2010-06 -27 Can
I has cats playing feetbol ?
Caminante Nocturno - 2010-06-26
I think one of those cats is a genuine Hitler Cat .
GravidWithHate - 2010-06-27
You know , for something able to completely block off the net with their bodies , those cats are really crap in goal .
Jet Bin Fever - 2010-06-27
The next time someone refers to a goalie's " catlike " reflexes , I 'll think of this .
Udderdude - 2010-06-27
Cat video .
Big Muddy - 2010-06-27
My friend 's cat Zero was an excellent goalie .
I was rolling a Nerf soccer ball around the room one day and passed it to him while he lay on his side , paws facing me .
He grabbed it firmly and gave it a hard push right back at me .
I thought I 'd mix it up a little and rolled it from a different direction and he consistently shot it right back towards me dozens of times !
He very rarely went for it after that but it was fun while it lasted .
Candlejackv616 - 2010-06-27
For 1:43
Herr Matthias - 2010-06-27
- 2010-06 -27 Interestingly enough , that 's how North Korea 's goalies actually play .
1394 - 2010-06-27
- 2010-06 -27 I was thinking more along the lines of England .
Kcor - 2010-07-03
Either way , England is definitely represented at :50 .
Register or login To Post a Comment
Critics say the government let BP take shortcuts on its permits .
Now an " AC360° " investigation is keeping them honest , uncovering evidence that BP is n't the only company taking shortcuts .
" AC360° , " at 10 p.m. ET Monday on CNN .
New Orleans , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
One of two relief wells being drilled in an attempt to kill BP 's runaway oil well below the Gulf of Mexico is within 20 feet horizontally of it , a company executive said Monday .
The relief well has reached a depth of 16,770 feet , but engineers plan to drill another 900 feet vertically before cutting in sideways , said Kent Wells , BP senior vice president of exploration and production .
" In the last 200 feet , we will angle the well in directly towards it , " he said , adding that the drilling , which began May 2 , is expected to reach the belching well , known as the Macondo well , in early August .
" While we feel very good about the progress we 've made thus far , we 've said from day one , roughly 90 days , " he told reporters in a conference call .
" We continue to think that . "
BP has 44,000 barrels of mud ready to inject into the Macondo well in an attempt to end what President Barack Obama has called the nation 's worst environmental disaster .
Wells noted that John Wright -- whom he called a world expert -- is in charge of the drilling effort and has been successful in all 40 of his previous efforts to intercept leaking wells .
Asked how many of the 40 wells had been killed , Wells said he did not know .
" I do n't have the numbers , " he said .
But , he added , the chances of killing the well are higher when the interception point is at the bottom of the well .
" We can't guarantee anything , but I think the technology is there , " he said .
" We 've got the best experienced people around , and we 're set up to be successful here . "
Meanwhile , efforts continue to increase the containment of leaking oil .
The next step is to bring in a third rig called the Helix Producer at the well , which would increase the containment by another 20,000 to 25,000 barrels per day , Wells said .
" Basically , we 've got about three days of additional work to do , " he said .
But the work requires a calm sea surface , something that Hurricane Alex , now over the far southwestern part of the Gulf , might not allow .
Although the hurricane is expected to steer clear of the mile - deep hemorrhage , it is still expected to create waves as high as 12 feet in the area , he said .
" That will restrict our ability to do these operations " for as much as a week , Wells said .
If the storm 's approach were to force the evacuation of the site , " there could be a break of about 14 days to take down the equipment and then bring it back , " said Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , who is coordinating the federal response to the disaster .
But the state of the sea is not expected to affect subsea containment , Wells said .
As of midnight Sunday , 438,000 barrels of oil and gas had been collected from the Macondo well , he said .
That 's a rate of about 1,000 barrels per hour , he said .
Researchers have estimated that between 35,000 barrels ( about 1.5 million gallons ) and 60,000 barrels ( about 2.5 million gallons ) of oil are gushing into the ocean every day .
The damage emanating from 40 miles off the coast of Louisiana was visible Sunday in Mississippi , where officials reported oily tar balls washing up on their mainland shores for the first time .
" It has hit our shores , " said Pascagoula , Mississippi , Mayor Robbie Maxwell .
" The good news is that for the last five or six weeks , we 've been preparing to attack it when it hit our shores , and that 's exactly what we 've done . "
Mississippi officials said that , while tar balls and " mousse patties " had washed ashore in at least four locations , the areas affected were small and no beaches were closed .
In an effort to combat a less - visible impact of the spill , Louisiana Department of Health and Hospitals Secretary Alan Levine asked Monday that BP pay $ 10 million to fund six months of mental health services to people affected by the spill .
" There exists anger , anxiety and uncertainty among the families and communities affected by the spill , which will easily manifest into addiction and various forms of mental health crisis if not confronted , " he said in a letter to BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles .
Teams have counseled almost 2,000 people in affected areas , and are reporting increases in anxiety , depression , stress , grief , excessive drinking , earlier drinking and suicidal ideation , he said .
" These are early warning signs of developing substance abuse and dependence , mental illness , suicide and familial breakdown including divorce , spouse abuse , and child abuse and neglect . "
Also , exposure to the oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico has resulted in 162 cases of illnesses reported to Levine 's department , according to a state report released Monday .
Of those cases , 128 involved workers on oil rigs or individuals involved in the oil spill cleanup , the report said .
In a separate request , Catholic Charities is seeking $ 3.2 million for six months of mental health services , he said in the letter , which asked Suttles to respond within a week .
CNN 's April Williams , Patty Lane , Chuck Johnston , Brandon Miller , T.J. Holmes contributed to this report .
We live amidst multiple crises -- economic and political , cultural and ecological -- that pose a significant threat to human life as we understand it .
There is no way to be awake to the depth of these crises without an emotional reaction .
There is no way to be aware of the pain caused by these systemic failures without some experience of dread , depression , distress .
To be fully alive today is to live with anguish , not for one 's own condition in the world but for the condition of the world , for a world that is in collapse .
Though I have felt this for some time I hesitated to talk about it in public , out of fear of being accused of being too negative or dismissed as apocalyptic .
But more of us are breaking through that fear , and more than ever it 's essential that we face this aspect of our political lives .
To talk openly about this anguish should strengthen , not undermine , our commitment to political engagement -- any sensible political program to which we can commit for the long haul has to start with an honest assessment of reality .
Here is how I would summarize our reality : Because of the destructive consequences of human intervention , it is not clear how much longer the planetary ecosystem can sustain human life on this scale .
There is no way to make specific predictions , but it 's clear that our current path leads to disaster .
Examine the data on any crucial issue -- energy , water , soil erosion , climate disruption , chemical contamination , biodiversity -- and the news is bad .
Platitudes about " necessity is the mother of invention " express a hollow technological fundamentalism ; simply asserting that we want to solve the problems that we have created does not guarantee we can .
The fact that we have not taken the first and most obvious step -- moving to a collective life that requires far less energy -- does n't bode well for the future .
Though anguish over this reality is not limited to the affluence of the industrial world -- where many of us have the time to ponder all this because our material needs are met -- it may be true that those of us living in relative comfort today speak more of this emotional struggle .
That does n't mean that our emotions are illegitimate or that the struggle is self - indulgent ; this discussion is not the abandonment of politics but an essential part of fashioning a political project .
I would like help in this process .
I 've started talking to people close to me about how this feels , but I want to expand my understanding .
By using the internet and email , I am limiting the scope of the inquiry to those online , but it 's a place to start .
My request is simple :
If you think it would help you clarify your understanding of your struggle , send me an account of your reaction to these crises and collapse , in whatever level of detail you like .
I am most interested in our emotional states , but any exercise of this type includes an intellectual component ; there is no clear line between the analytical and the emotional , between thinking and feeling .
An understanding of our emotions is connected to our analysis of the health of the ecosystem , the systems responsible for that condition , and the openings for change .
Because I may draw on this material in public discussions and for writing projects , please let me know how you are willing to have your words used .
Your writing could be : ( 1 ) " on background , " not to be quoted in any forum ; ( 2 ) " not for attribution , " permission to be quoted but not identified ; or ( 3 ) " on the record , " permission to be quoted and identified .
If you do n't specify , I will assume ( 2 ) .
My plan is to report back to anyone interested .
If you would like to be included on that distribution list , let me know .
Please send responses in the body of an email message , not as an attachment , to robertwilliamjensen@gmail.com .
Whether or not you write to me , I hope everyone will begin speaking more openly about this aspect of our struggle .
If there is to be a decent future , we have to retain our capacity for empathy .
Most of us can empathize with those closest to us , and we try to empathize with all people .
The next step is to open up to the living world , which requires an ability to feel both the joy and the grief that surrounds us .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Rally of Portugal winner Sebastien Ogier has been promoted to the Citroen Total World Rally Team for the remaining three gravel rounds of the series .
Spaniard Dani Sordo will step down from Citroen 's top team to drive alongside Kimi Raikkonen in the Citroen Junior Team on Rally Finland , Rally Japan and Rally GB - before returning to partner Sebastien Loeb on the asphalt in Bulgaria , Germany , France and Spain .
Citroen racing director Olivier Quesnel said : " Even if we currently hold the advantage in both World Rally Championship classifications , we need to make sure that every opportunity comes our way .
" The 2009 season showed just how easily a favourable situation can reverse itself .
Looking at the way things have gone in the first part of the season , it seems that Sebastien Ogier and [ his co-driver ]
Julien Ingrassia would be able to help us to achieve our objectives on gravel .
" But I do not want people to think that this reflects in any way badly on Dani Sordo and [ his co-driver ] Marc Marti .
They have had a slightly troubled start to the season and they need to get their confidence back .
" Driving in the Citroen Junior Team will give them the chance to compete without pressure and rediscover their form .
Given the performance of our crews since the start of the season , I think that this will be the best line - up to help us meet our targets . "
Ogier has outpaced Sordo through the first six rallies of the year .
The Frenchman is second in the World Rally Championship standings on 88 points , while Sordo is sixth on 49 points .
Sordo has outscored his fellow Citroen C4 WRC driver in stage wins by 24 to seven .
This Mama gives her whole heart to her babies and she has the patience of a saint .
Honestly , I wish she could adopt me .
And , if that does n’t work , maybe she could just raise my children . 😉
This last little bit of life has thrown her some curves … … and she has never been more lovely or full of grace .
Share this : Reddit
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Related
Amazing 3D CG Character Models
Advertisement
3D Models are one of the finest capability showing and creativity of the artists .
Amazing Graphical character designs of our all time favorite character .
These are made in 3D Graphic software .
There is always a tedious behind - the - scene effort needed to make this
characters come ‘ alive ’ by first creating an animated 3D model .
Amazing 3D CG Character Models
le neunoeil , damien canderle ( 3D )
Don Quixote de la Mancha , Fabricio Moraes ( 3D )
Digital Beauty , Florian Becker ( 3D )
Twisted Dolls : Mistress Lili , Rebeca Puebla ( 3D )
Art Ventura , Cheong Hoe Yi ( 3D )
Tarik the Axe Battler , John Hayes ( 3D )
we are not alone 2 , damien canderle ( 3D )
Mountain Patrol , Michal Suchánek ( 3D )
Mecha Girl – Lowpoly , Rafael Grassetti ( 3D )
Ma San Li , Jian Xu ( 3D )
The Incredible Hulk , Jonas Thornqvist ( 3D )
Day of the tentacles , Olivier Cannone ( 3D )
Kong Lau -Dominance War III Entry , Josh Singh ( 3D )
President Obama Attends Baseball Game , Conservative Blogger Freaks Out
Doug Mataconis · · 35 comments
Last night President Obama and a few family members attended the Nationals - White Sox game in Washington :
Stephen Strasburg set a strikeout record in front of President Obama on Friday — but both had left the game by the time the Chicago White Sox won the game in the 11th inning .
Strasburg , the 21 - year - old rookie sensation , struck out 10 to run his strikeout tally to an unprecedented 32 through his first three starts , yet he experienced his first no-decision in the White Sox ’ 2 - 1 victory over the host Washington Nationals .
The Nationals have lost six of seven , with Strasburg accounting for the only victory during that stretch .
Strasburg allowed four hits in seven innings and at one point retired 15 batters in a row .
He lowered his earned run average to 1.86 and did not walk a batter for the second time in three starts .
Obama made a surprise visit to Nationals Park — his arrival was not announced inside the stadium , and there was not the stringent security for fans that usually accompanies one of his public appearances .
This apparently did n’t sit well with Gateway Pundit ’s Jim Hoft who , drawing on a comment Obama made in May when he said that he would not rest until the leak in the Gulf of Mexico was stopped , said the following :
Except , of course , for the ball games , golf , vacations , parties , etc .
He shares your anger , Louisiana .
Remember that .
As James and Steven have both written in connection with similar complaints by Hoft and other conservative bloggers about Obama ’s golf habit , I find this whole meme that there ’s something wrong with a President taking time for leisure activities to be utterly ridiculous whether it comes from the left or the right .
For one thing , the fact of the matter is that the President is never really “ off duty . ”
If something were to have happened while Obama was at the ballgame , he would have been instantaneously reachable and would have been in the car back to the White House if necessary .
For another , what exactly is it that Hoft would have had the President do last night ?
It ’s not like he can strap on the SCUBA gear and go down the bottom of the Gulf of Mexico to plug the leak himself .
As every President does , he delegates power to those who have the capability to do things .
One can argue about the President ’s performance in office in that regard , but to criticize him for going to a baseball game is stupid and petty .
Moreover , spending your time criticizing the President ’s leisure activities is n’t solid political analysis , it ’s the same sort of political hackery that Michael Moore and others on the left engaged in when they made the same criticisms of President Bush , and it tells the world that you have nothing of substance to say other than I hate that guy because he ’s a Democrat / Republican .
So let the President go to a ball game and just keep your mouth shut , please .
BT has quoted a pensioner £ 150,000 to install a broadband line to her home in rural Wales .
The national telco contacted Beverley McCartney , who lives in Salem , Carmarthenshire , last week , the BBC reports .
It had previously told her it could not connect her home , but was pleased to say it now could for the bargain price of £ 129,613.54 plus VAT .
BT said it would contribute £ 8,000 .
A shocked Mrs McCartney said : " I phoned BT and said surely this is a typing error and the girl said , ' No , there 's been no mistake , other people have had bills for much more than this . ' "
Other houses in Salem , which is three miles outside Llandeilo , do have broadband , so the village is n't classified as a " not - spot " which would qualify for a Welsh Assembly subsidy .
BT spokesman Chris Orum defended the quote .
" If it 's just one individual person and it requires upgrading the network for one person , no company would cover that , " he said . ®
Now , we learn the details of a connection of Rahm Emanuel , the Chicago mayoral wannabe , current Obama chief of staff , ex-representative , ex-Clinton money man and ex-Windy City political machine go - fer .
Shortly after Obama 's happy inaugural , eyebrows rose slightly upon word that , as a House member , Emanuel had lived the last five years rent - free in a D.C. apartment of Democratic colleague Rep. Rosa DeLauro of Connecticut and her husband , Stanley Greenberg .
For an ordinary American , that would likely raise some obvious tax liability questions .
But like Emanuel , the guy overseeing the IRS now is another Obama insider , Tim Geithner , who had his own outstanding tax problems but skated through confirmation anyway by the Democratic - controlled Congress .
...
Greenberg 's consulting firm was a prime architect of BP 's recent rebranding drive as a green petroleum company , down to green signs and the slogan " Beyond Petroleum . "
Greenberg 's company is also closely tied to a sister Democratic outfit -- GCS , named for the last initials of Greenberg , James Carville , another Clinton advisor , and Bob Shrum , John Kerry 's 2004 campaign manager .
According to published reports , GCS received hundreds of thousands of dollars in political polling contracts in recent years from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
Probably just a crazy coincidence .
But you 'll never guess who was the chairman of that Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee dispensing those huge polling contracts to his kindly rent - free landlord .
A proposal to ban the burqa in Australia ’s Parliament House may have the support of Prime Minister Tony Abbott , despite his assertion that government should not tell people what to wear .
A campaign to ban the burqa at Parliament House has been led by Liberal senator Cory Bernardi .
Speaker Bronwyn Bishop has requested an independent security assessment of the risks of full facial coverings from ASIO and the Australian Federal Police ahead of a final decision on the proposal , possibly within a week .
PM Tony Abbott on Wednesday expressed his personal dislike of the Islamic headwear , but said it was not for the government to mandate what people wear .
“ Now I ’ve said before I find it a fairly confronting form of attire and frankly I wish it were n’t worn , ” he said .
“ We are free country , we are a free society and it ’s not the business of government to tell people what they should and should n’t wear .
Mr Abbott also said as far as he was aware , no one had ever entered Parliament House “ so attired .
However , he appeared to give some tacit support for a burqa ban in the building .
“ But I just want to stress that this is a secure building and it should be governed by the rules that are appropriate for a secure building and obviously people need to be identifiable in a secure building such as this , ” he said .
According to Fairfax Media , Senator Bernardi said his campaign comes from having seen veil dressed people inside the parliament building .
“ What prompted my security concerns three years ago was when I did encounter a group of veiled individuals and inquired with security whether they were required to show their face before entering the building , ” he said .
“ This then led to the extraordinary admission by parliamentary officials that anyone could enter with their face covered even if they were wearing a balaclava , this was a ridiculous position then and in light of the heightened security tensions it appears even more ridiculous now . ”
When questioned about the discrepancy between his claim of sighting full face veils in Parliament House and Tony Abbott saying he had never seen then , Mr Bernardi replied that it was a big place and people working in the building would not see all the same visitors .
If the rule change is introduced , it will only be veils that completely cover a person ’s face that are banned .
Other Islamic attire , such as hijabs or head scarves , would not be subject to the new ban .
IMAGE : File image – Men and women dressed in burqas from the group ‘ Faceless ’ call for the banning of the conservative Muslim apparel throughout Australia during a 2012 rally in Sydney .
( TORSTEN BLACKWOOD / AFP / Getty Images )
best breakfast under the Eiffel Tower Done
Wannabe terrorist - hunter Gary Brooks Faulkner is " not insane ; he 's not psychotic ; he 's as normal as you and I , " his brother , Dr. Scott Faulkner , insists .
But just in case , Pakistani authorities are asking a psychologist to evaluate the 50 year - old , part - time construction worker , arrested yesterday on his one - man mission to kill Osama Bin Laden .
" Gary Faulkner was born in California , and his family moved to Fort Collins [ Colorado ] in 1968 .
He spent several years in Central and South America , building schools and churches .
He traveled with a Bible and a devout belief that he needed to exact revenge for 9/11 , " the * Denver Post * reports .
" My brother understood God has got his back , " Scott Faulkner tells the paper .
Faulkner — who never has served in the military — has been arrested several times in Colorado over the years , according to Colorado Bureau of Investigation records .
He served prison sentences in Cañon City at least twice , in 1981 and 1986 , on burglary and larceny convictions , according to CBI records ....
This was Faulkner 's third revenge mission .
The Pakistani police seized the 40 - inch sword , Chinese pistol , dagger , and night - vision goggles he planned to use to stalk Bin Laden in one of his likely hiding grounds .
Faulkner was also carrying " Christian literature and a small amount of hashish , " according to the Associated Press .
" It was a logical plan , " Scott Faulkner says .
" I felt he had a good chance . "
With his " long , bushy beard and passable language skills , Faulkner was able to get weapons and move around the countryside with relative ease , " the * Post * notes .
According to his brother , " it 's not surprising that he purchased a sword . "
" It 's Pakistan , " Scott Faulkner said .
" Many people there have swords . "
* Photo : Scott Faulkner via Denver Post
*
American pastor and activist
Fred Waldron Phelps Sr. ( November 13 , 1929 – March 19 , 2014 ) [ 1 ] [ 2 ] was an American minister and civil rights attorney who served as pastor of the Westboro Baptist Church and became known for his extreme views against homosexuality and protests near the funerals of gay people , military veterans , and disaster victims who he believed were killed as a result of God punishing the U.S. for having " bankrupt values " and tolerating homosexuality .
The Westboro Baptist Church , a Topeka , Kansas - based independent fundamentalist ministry that Phelps founded in 1955 , has been called " arguably the most obnoxious and rabid hate group in America " . [ 3 ]
Its signature slogan , " God Hates Fags " , remains the name of the group 's principal website .
In addition to funerals , Phelps and his followers — mostly his own immediate family members — picketed gay pride gatherings , high - profile political events , university commencement ceremonies , live performances of The Laramie Project , and functions sponsored by mainstream Christian groups with which he had no affiliation , arguing it was their sacred duty to warn others of God 's anger .
He continued doing so in the face of numerous legal challenges — some of which reached the U.S. Supreme Court — and near - universal opposition and contempt from other religious groups and the general public . [ 4 ]
Laws enacted at both the federal [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] and state [ 8 ] levels for the specific purpose of curtailing his disruptive activities were limited in their effectiveness due to the Constitutional protections afforded to Phelps under the First Amendment .
Although Phelps died in 2014 , the Westboro Baptist Church remains in operation .
It continues to conduct regular demonstrations outside movie theaters , universities , government buildings , and other facilities in Topeka and elsewhere , and is still characterized as a hate group by the Anti-Defamation League and the Southern Poverty Law Center . [ 9 ] [ 10 ]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Phelps as a young man
Fred Waldron Phelps Sr. was born on November 13 , 1929 , in Meridian , Mississippi , the elder of two children of Catherine Idalette ( née Johnston ) and Fred Wade Phelps .
His father was a railroad policeman for the Columbus and Greenville Railway and a devout Methodist ; his mother was a homemaker . [ 2] [ 1 ]
In 1935 , Catherine Phelps died of esophageal cancer at the age of 28 .
[ 1 ]
Her aunt , Irene Jordan , helped care for Fred and his younger sister Martha Jean until December 1944 , when the elder Phelps married Olive Briggs , a 39 - year - old divorcee . [ 1 ]
Fred distinguished himself scholastically and was an Eagle Scout . [ 11 ]
He also was a member of Phi Kappa , a high school social fraternity , president of the Young Peoples Department of Central United Methodist Church and was honored as the best drilled member of the Mississippi Junior State Guard , a unit similar to the Reserve Officer Training Corps .
He graduated high school at 16 years old , ranking sixth in his graduating class of 213 students , and was the class orator at his commencement . [ 2 ] [ 12 ]
After graduating from high school he received an appointment to the United States Military Academy at West Point ; but after attending a tent revival meeting , decided to pursue a religious calling instead . [ 1 ]
In September 1947 , at the age of 17 , he was ordained a Southern Baptist minister and moved to Cleveland , Tennessee , to attend Bob Jones College ( now Bob Jones University in Greenville , South Carolina ) . [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
A combination of Phelps ' failure to retain the West Point appointment ( which his father had worked hard to obtain ) , his abandonment of his father 's beloved Methodist faith , and his father 's remarriage to a divorcee ( Phelps would later become an outspoken critic of divorcees ) precipitated a lifelong estrangement from his father and stepmother — and by some accounts , from his sister as well .
Phelps apparently never spoke to his family members again , and returned all of their letters , birthday cards , and Christmas gifts for his children , unopened . [ 13 ]
Phelps dropped out of Bob Jones College in 1948 . [ 14 ]
He moved to California and became a street preacher while attending John Muir College in Pasadena .
The June 11 , 1951 issue of Time magazine included a story on Phelps , who lectured fellow students about " sins committed on campus by students and teachers " , including " promiscuous petting , evil language , profanity , cheating , teachers ' filthy jokes in classrooms , and pandering to the lusts of the flesh . "
When the college ordered him to stop , citing a California law that forbade the teaching of religion on any public school campus , he moved his sermons across the street . [ 15 ]
In October 1951 , Phelps met Margie Marie Simms and married her in May 1952 . [ 2 ] [ 16 ]
In 1954 , Phelps , his pregnant wife , and their newborn son moved to Topeka , Kansas , where he was hired by the East Side Baptist Church as an associate pastor .
The following year , the church 's leadership opened Westboro Baptist Church on the other side of town , and Phelps became its pastor . [ 17 ]
Although the new church was ostensibly Independent Baptist , Phelps preached a doctrine very similar to that of the Primitive Baptists , who believe in scriptural literalism — that Christian biblical scripture is literally true — and that only a predetermined number of people selected for redemption before the world was created will be saved on Judgment Day . [ 14 ]
His vitriolic preaching alienated church leaders and most of the original congregation , who either returned to East Side Baptist or joined other congregations , leaving him with a small following consisting almost entirely of his own relatives and close friends . [ 18 ]
Phelps was forced to support himself selling vacuum cleaners , baby strollers , and insurance ; later , some of his 13 children were reportedly compelled to sell candy door - to - door for several hours each day .
In 1972 , two companies sued Westboro Baptist for failing to pay for the candy being peddled by the children . [ 16 ]
Legal career [ edit ]
Civil rights cases [ edit ]
Early civil rights career [ edit ]
Phelps earned a law degree from Washburn University in 1964 , and founded the Phelps Chartered law firm . [ 19 ]
However , in 1969 , upon a finding of professional misconduct , authorities suspended him from practicing as a lawyer for two years . [ 2 ]
Phelps ' first notable cases were related to civil rights , and his involvement in civil rights cases in and around Kansas gained him praise from local African - American leaders . [ 2 ]
" I systematically brought down the Jim Crow laws of this town " , he claimed . [ 20 ]
Phelps ' daughter Shirley Phelps - Roper was quoted as saying , " We took on the Jim Crow establishment , and Kansas did not take that sitting down .
They used to shoot our car windows out , screaming we were nigger lovers . "
She added that the Phelps law firm made up one - third of the state 's federal docket of civil rights cases . [ 21 ]
Phelps took cases on behalf of African - American clients alleging racial discrimination by school systems , and a predominantly black American Legion post which had been raided by police , alleging racially based police abuse . [ 22 ]
Phelps ' law firm obtained settlements for some clients , [ 23 ]
Johnson vs. Topeka Board of Education , et. al. [ edit ]
Phelps ' national notoriety first came from a 1973 lawsuit ( settled in 1978 ) on behalf of a 10 - year - old African - American plaintiff , Evelyn Renee Johnson ( some sources say Evelyn Rene Johnson ) , against the Topeka Board of Education ( which had , in 1954 , famously lost the pivotal racial discrimination case of Brown vs. Board of Education , ending legal racial segregation in U.S. public schools ) , and against related local , state and federal officials .
In the 1973 case , Phelps argued that the Topeka Board of Education , in violation of the 1954 ruling , had not yet made its schools equal , and by attending Topeka 's east - side , predominantly minority schools , the black plaintiff had received an inferior education . [ 2 ] [ 24 ] [ 25 ]
Initially , Phelps attempted to file the case as a class action , in the U.S. District Court for Kansas .
Asking the court to order an end to the alleged discrimination and suggesting that busing might be at least one remedy , Phelps also sought $ 100 million in actual damages , plus another $ 100 million in punitive damages -- or , alternatively , $ 20,000 for each of the 10,000 students he claimed were in the aggrieved class of victims . [ 2 ] [ 24 ]
Nevertheless , the federal district and appellate courts denied the class action filing , limiting the case to Phelp 's initial plaintiff , Evelyn Johnson , alone . [ 26 ]
The case fueled a national debate about racial integration of schools , [ 27 ] and prompted the U.S. Department of Health , Education and Welfare , by 1974 , to order the Topeka board to develop corrective remedies . [ 25 ]
While Topeka 's school board essentially offered no contest to the charges , it did not confess to them , either .
However , it claimed to settle the matter on the guidance of the Board 's insurance provider , for $ 19,500 , ( $ 12,400 of which went to Phelps ) .
While the settlement drew some praise , some controversy arose when the judge , at the request of the school board 's insurance company , which paid the settlement -- with the apparent acceptance of the plaintiff and her attorney , Phelps -- ordered the settlement amount kept secret ( though it leaked out to the media , anyway ) .
Phelps claimed he would file more such cases , as class actions , though the insurance company stated it would not pay for any more of them . [ 2] [ 24 ] [ 26 ] [ 28 ]
Later civil rights career [ edit ]
In 1986 , Phelps sued President Ronald Reagan over Reagan 's appointment of a U.S. ambassador to the Vatican , alleging this violated separation of church and state .
The case was dismissed by the U.S. district court . [ 23 ] [ 29 ]
Phelps ' law firm , staffed by himself and family members , also represented non-white Kansans in discrimination actions against Kansas City Power and Light , Southwestern Bell , and the Topeka City Attorney , and represented two female professors alleging discrimination at Kansas universities . [ 21 ]
A defeat in his civil rights suit against the City of Wichita and others , on behalf of Jesse O. Rice ( the fired Executive Director of the Wichita Civil Rights Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ) , among other causes , would lead to further legal actions ending in Phelps ' disbarment and censure .[ clarification needed ] [ 30 ] [ 31 ]
In the 1980s , Phelps received awards from the Greater Kansas City Chapter of Blacks in Government and the Bonner Springs branch of the NAACP , for his work on behalf of black clients . [ 2 ] [ 23 ]
However , in 1994 , a self - published book by Jon Michael Bell averred that , although Phelps worked on behalf of many black clients , he reportedly expressed racist views .
One of his sons , Nate , stated that Phelps largely took civil rights cases for money rather than principle .
Nate said that his father " held racist attitudes " and he would use slurs against black clients :
" They would come into his office and after they left , he would talk about how stupid they were and call them dumb niggers . "
His sister , Shirley , denies Nate Phelps ' account and claims he never used racist language . [ 32 ]
Disbarment [ edit ]
A formal complaint was filed against Phelps on November 8 , 1977 , by the Kansas State Board of Law Examiners , due to his conduct during a lawsuit , against a court reporter named Carolene Brady , who had failed to have a court transcript ready for Phelps on the day he asked for it .
Although it did not affect the outcome of the case , Phelps sued her for $ 22,000 . [33 ] [ 34 ]
In the ensuing trial , Phelps called Brady to the stand , declared her a hostile witness , and then cross - examined her for nearly a week , during which he accused her of being a " slut " , tried to introduce testimony from former boyfriends whom Phelps wanted to subpoena , and accused her of a variety of perverse sexual acts , ultimately reducing her to tears on the stand . [ 33 ] [ 34 ]
Phelps lost the case .
According to the Kansas Supreme Court :
The trial became an exhibition of a personal vendetta by Phelps against Carolene Brady .
His examination was replete with repetition , badgering , innuendo , belligerence , irrelevant and immaterial matter , evidencing only a desire to hurt and destroy the defendant .
The jury verdict did n't stop the onslaught of Phelps .
He was not satisfied with the hurt , pain , and damage he had visited on Carolene Brady . [ 33 ] [ 34 ]
In an appeal , Phelps prepared affidavits swearing to the court that he had eight witnesses whose testimony would convince the court to rule in his favor .
Brady obtained sworn , signed affidavits from those eight people in question , all of whom said that Phelps had never contacted them and that they had no reason to testify against Brady . [ 33 ] [ 34 ]
Phelps was found to have made " false statements in violation of DR 7 – 10 2 ( A ) ( 5 ) " .
On July 20 , 1979 , Phelps was permanently disbarred from practicing law in the state of Kansas , although he continued to practice in federal courts . [ 33 ] [ 34 ] [ 30 ] [ 31 ]
In 1985 , nine Federal judges filed a disciplinary complaint against Phelps and five of his children , alleging false accusations against the judges .
In 1989 , the complaint was settled ; Phelps agreed to stop practicing law in Federal court permanently , and two of his children were suspended for a period of six months and one year , respectively . [ 30 ] [ 31 ] [ 16 ] [ 2 ]
Family life [ edit ]
Phelps married Margie M. Simms in May 1952 , a year after the couple met at the Arizona Bible Institute .
They had 13 children , 54 grandchildren , and 7 great - grandchildren . [
35 ]
Nathan Phelps , Fred Phelps ' estranged son , claims that the elder Phelps was an abusive father , that he ( Nate ) never had a relationship with him when he was growing up , and that the Westboro Baptist Church is an organization for his father to " vent his rage and anger . " [ 36 ]
He alleges that , in addition to hurting others , his father used to physically abuse his wife and children by beating them with his fists and with the handle of a mattock to the point of bleeding . [ 36 ] [ 37 ]
Phelps ' brother Mark has supported and repeated Nathan 's claims of physical abuse by their father . [ 38 ]
Since 2004 , over 20 members of the church , mostly family members , have left the church and his family . [ 39 ]
Religious beliefs [ edit ]
Topeka Capital , 1955 Advertisement for opening service of Westboro Baptist Church , , 1955
Phelps described himself as an Old School Baptist , and stated that he held to all five points of Calvinism . [ 40 ]
Phelps particularly highlighted John Calvin 's doctrine of unconditional election , the belief that God has elected certain people for salvation before birth , and limited atonement , the belief that Christ only died for the elect , and condemns those who believe otherwise . [ 41 ]
Despite claiming to be an Old School Baptist , he was ordained by a Southern Baptist church , and was rejected and generally condemned by Old School ( or Primitive ) Baptists . [ 42 ]
Phelps viewed Arminianism ( particularly the views of the Methodist theologian William Elbert Munsey ) as a " worse blasphemy and heresy than that heard in all filthy Saturday night fag bars in the aggregate in the world " . [ 43 ]
In addition to John Calvin , Phelps admired Martin Luther and Bob Jones Sr. , and approvingly quoted a statement by Jones that " what this country needs is 50 Jonathan Edwardses turned loose in it . " [ 44 ]
Phelps particularly held to equal ultimacy , believing that " God Almighty makes some willing and he leads others into sin " , a view he said is Calvinist . [ 45 ]
However , many theologians would identify him as a Hyper - Calvinist ( " hyper " meaning " beyond " or " above " not " extreme " ) . [ 46 ]
Phelps opposed such common Baptist practices as Sunday school meetings , Bible colleges and seminaries , and multi-denominational crusades . [ 47 ]
Although he attended Bob Jones University , and worked with Billy Graham in his Los Angeles Crusade before Graham changed his views on a literal Hell and salvation , Phelps considered Graham the greatest false prophet since Balaam .
He also condemned large church leaders , such as Robert Schuller and Jerry Falwell , as well as all Catholics . [ 48 ]
Church protest activities [ edit ]
All of Phelps ' demonstrations and other activities during the last 50 years of his life were conducted in conjunction with the congregation of Westboro Baptist Church ( WBC ) , an American unaffiliated Baptist church known for its extreme ideologies , especially those against gay people . [ 49 ] [ 50 ]
The church is widely described as a hate group [ 51 ] and is monitored as such by the Anti-Defamation League and Southern Poverty Law Center .
It was headed by Phelps until his later years when he took a reduced role in the activities of the church and his family . [ 39 ]
In March 2014 , church representatives said that the church had not had a defined leader in " a very long time , " [ 52 ] and church members consist primarily of his large family ; [ 2 ] [ 53 ] in 2011 , the church stated that it had about 40 members . [ 54 ]
The church is headquartered in a residential neighborhood on the west side of Topeka about three miles ( 5 km ) west of the Kansas State Capitol .
Its first public service was held on the afternoon of November 27 , 1955 .
The church has been involved in actions against gay people since at least 1991 , when it sought a crackdown on homosexual activity at Gage Park six blocks northwest of the church . [ 2 ] [ 56 ]
In 2001 , Phelps estimated that the WBC had held 40 pickets a week for the previous 10 years . [ 57 ]
In addition to conducting anti-gay protests at military funerals , the organization pickets other celebrity funerals and public events that are likely to gain media attention . [ 2] [ 58 ]
Protests have also been held against Jews , [ 59 ] and some protests have included WBC members stomping on the American flag .[ citation needed ]
Lawsuit against Westboro Baptist Church [ edit ]
On March 10 , 2006 , WBC picketed the funeral of Marine Lance Corporal Matthew A. Snyder , who died in combat in Iraq on March 3 , 2006 . [ 60 ] [ 2 ]
The Snyder family sued Fred Phelps for defamation , invasion of privacy , and intentional infliction of emotional distress . [ 61 ] [ 2 ]
On October 31 , 2007 , WBC , Fred Phelps and his two daughters , Shirley Phelps - Roper and Rebekah Phelps - Davis , were found liable for invasion of privacy and intentional infliction of emotional distress .
A federal jury awarded Snyder 's father $ 2.9 million in compensatory damages , then later added a decision to award $ 6 million in punitive damages for invasion of privacy and an additional $ 2 million for causing emotional distress ( a total of $ 10.9 million ) . [ 62 ] [ 2 ]
The lawsuit named Albert Snyder , father of Matthew Snyder , as the plaintiff and Fred W. Phelps , Sr. ; Westboro Baptist Church , Inc. ; Rebekah Phelps - Davis ; and Shirley Phelps - Roper as defendants , alleging that they were responsible for publishing defamatory information about the Snyder family on the Internet , including statements that Albert and his wife had " raised [ Matthew ] for the devil " and taught him " to defy his Creator , to divorce , and to commit adultery " .
Other statements denounced them for raising their son Catholic .
Snyder further complained the defendants had intruded upon and staged protests at his son's funeral .
The claims of invasion of privacy and defamation arising from comments posted about Snyder on the Westboro website were dismissed on First Amendment grounds , but the case proceeded to trial on the remaining three counts .[ citation needed ]
Albert Snyder , the father of LCpl Matthew A. Snyder , testified :
They turned this funeral into a media circus and they wanted to hurt my family .
They wanted their message heard and they did n't care who they stepped over .
My son should have been buried with dignity , not with a bunch of clowns outside . [ 63 ]
In his instructions to the jury , U.S. District Judge Richard D. Bennett stated that the First Amendment protection of free speech has limits , including vulgar , offensive and shocking statements , and that the jury must decide " whether the defendant 's actions would be highly offensive to a reasonable person , whether they were extreme and outrageous and whether these actions were so offensive and shocking as to not be entitled to First Amendment protection " .
( see also Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire , a case in which certain personal slurs and obscene utterances by an individual were found unworthy of First Amendment protection , due to the potential for violence resulting from their utterance ) .
WBC sought a mistrial based on alleged prejudicial statements made by the judge and violations of the gag order by the plaintiff 's attorney .
An appeal was also sought by the WBC .
On February 4 , 2008 , Bennett upheld the ruling but reduced the punitive damages from $ 8 million to $ 2.1 million .
The total judgment then stood at $ 5 million .
Court liens were ordered on church buildings and Phelps ' law office in an attempt to ensure that the damages were paid . [ 64 ]
An appeal by WBC was heard on September 24 , 2009 .
The federal appeals court ruled in favor of Phelps and Westboro Baptist Church , stating that their picket near the funeral of LCpl Matthew A. Snyder is protected speech and did not violate the privacy of the service member 's family , reversing the lower court 's $ 5 million judgment .
On March 30 , 2010 , the federal appeals court ordered Albert Snyder to pay the court costs for the Westboro Baptist Church , an amount totaling $ 16,510 . [ 65 ]
Political commentator Bill O'Reilly agreed on March 30 to cover the costs , pending appeal . [ 66 ]
A writ of certiorari was granted on an appeal to the Supreme Court of the United States , and the oral argument for the case took place on October 6 , 2010 .
Margie Phelps , one of Fred Phelps ' children , represented the Westboro Baptist Church . [ 67 ]
The Court ruled in favor of Phelps in an 8 –1 decision , holding that the protesters ' speech related to a public issue , and was disseminated on a public sidewalk .
Chief Justice John Roberts wrote , for the majority , " As a nation we have chosen ... to protect even hurtful speech on public issues to ensure that we do not stifle public debate . "
Justice Samuel Alito , the lone dissenter , wrote , " Our profound national commitment to free and open debate is not a license for the vicious verbal assault that occurred in this case . " [ 68 ]
Efforts to discourage funeral protests [ edit ]
On May 24 , 2006 , the United States House and Senate passed the Respect for America 's Fallen Heroes Act , which President George W. Bush signed five days later .
The act bans protests within 300 feet ( 91 m ) of national cemeteries – which numbered 122 when the bill was signed – from an hour before a funeral to an hour after it .
Violators face up to a $ 100,000 fine and up to a year in prison . [ 4 ] [ 2 ]
On August 6 , 2012 , President Obama signed Pub.L. 112–154 , the Honoring America 's Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families
Act of 2012 which , among other things , requires a 300 - foot ( 91 m ) and 2 - hour buffer zone around military funerals . [ 7 ]
As of April 2006 , nine states had passed laws regarding protests near funeral sites immediately before and after ceremonies :
States that are considering laws are :
Florida increased the penalty for disturbing military funerals , amending a previous ban on the disruption of lawful assembly . [ 77 ]
On January 11 , 2011 , Arizona passed an emergency measure which prohibits protests within 300 feet ( 91 m ) of any funeral services , in response to an announcement by the WBC that it planned to protest at 2011 Tucson shooting victim Christina Green 's funeral . [ 78 ]
These bans have been contested .
Bart McQueary , having protested with Phelps on at least three occasions , [ 79 ] filed a lawsuit in federal court challenging the constitutionality of Kentucky 's funeral protest ban .
On September 26 , 2006 , a district court agreed and entered an injunction prohibiting the ban from being enforced . [ 79 ]
In the opinion , the judge wrote :
Sections 5 ( 1 ) ( b ) and ( c ) restrict substantially more speech than that which would interfere with a funeral or that which would be so obtrusive that funeral participants could not avoid it .
Accordingly , the provisions are not narrowly tailored to serve a significant government interest but are instead unconstitutionally overbroad .[ citation needed ]
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit in Missouri on behalf of Phelps and Westboro Baptist Church to overturn the ban on the picketing of soldier 's funerals . [ 80 ]
The ACLU of Ohio also filed a similar lawsuit .[ citation needed ]
In the case of Snyder v. Phelps , the 4th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that " distasteful and repugnant " protests surrounding funerals of service members were protected by the First Amendment .
But attorneys for the service member 's family appealed the decision on the grounds that such speech should not be allowed to inflict emotional distress on private parties exercising their freedom of religion during a funeral service .
The Supreme Court heard oral arguments in the case on October 6 , 2010 and ruled 8 – 1 in favor of Phelps in an opinion released on March 2 , 2011 . [ 68 ] [ 2 ]
The court held that " any distress occasioned by Westboro 's picketing turned on the content and viewpoint of the message conveyed , rather than any interference with the funeral itself " and thus could not be restricted . [ 68 ] [ 81 ] [ 82 ] [ 83 ]
People targeted by Phelps [ edit ]
Beginning in the early 1990s , Phelps targeted several individuals and groups in the public eye for criticism by the Westboro Baptist Church .
Prominent examples include President Ronald Reagan , Princess Diana , Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist , National Football League star Reggie White , Sonny Bono , comedian George Carlin , The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints , atheists , Muslims , murdered college student Matthew Shepard , children 's television host Fred Rogers , Australian actor Heath Ledger , Comedy Central 's Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert , political commentator Bill O'Reilly , film critic Roger Ebert , [ 84 ]
Catholics , Australians , [ 85 ]
Swedes , the Irish , and US soldiers killed in Iraq .
He also targeted the Joseph Estabrook Elementary School in Lexington , Massachusetts , center of the David Parker controversy .
In 2006 , they planned a protest at the funeral for the five girls murdered during the West Nickel Mines School shooting in Pennsylvania , but called it off , opting to spread their messages on a local radio station instead . [ 86 ]
In 2007 he stated that he would target Jerry Falwell 's funeral . [ 87 ]
Phelps ' daughter , Shirley Phelps - Roper , has appeared on Fox News Channel , defending the WBC and attacking homosexuality .
She and her children have also appeared on the Howard Stern radio show attempting to promote their agenda and church .
Phelps ' followers have repeatedly protested the University of Kansas School of Law 's graduation ceremonies .
In August 2007 , in the wake of the Minneapolis I - 35W bridge collapse , Phelps and his congregation stated that they would protest at the funerals of the victims .
In a statement , the church said that Minneapolis is the " land of the Sodomite damned " . [ 88 ]
Political activities [ edit ]
In the movie Hatemongers , members of the Westboro Baptist Church state their children were being " accosted " by homosexuals in Gage Park , about 1 ⁄ 2 mile ( 800 m ) from the Phelps ' home ( and a mile ( 1.6 km ) northwest of the Westboro Church ) .
Shirley Phelps - Roper says that , in the late 1980s , Fred Phelps witnessed a homosexual attempting to lure her then five - year - old son Joshua into some shrubbery .
After several complaints to the local government about the large amount of homosexual sex occurring in the park , with no resulting action , the Phelpses put up signs warning of homosexual activity .
This resulted in much negative attention for the family .
When the Phelpses called on local churches to speak against the activity in Gage Park , the churches also lashed out against the Phelps family , leading to the family protesting homosexuality on a regular basis . [ 21 ] . [ 2 ]
In 2005 , Phelps and his family , along with several other local congregations , held a signature drive to bring about a vote to repeal two city ordinances that added sexual orientation to a definition of hate crimes and banned the city itself from workplace discrimination based on sexual orientation .
Enough signatures were collected to bring the measure to a vote . [ 89 ]
Topeka voters defeated the repeal measure on March 1 , 2005 , by a 53 – 47 % margin .
In the same election , Phelps ' granddaughter Jael was an unsuccessful candidate for the Topeka City Council , seeking to replace Tiffany Muller , the first openly gay member of the Council . [ 90 ]
Electoral politics [ edit ]
Phelps ran in Kansas Democratic
Party primaries five times , but never won .
These included races for governor in 1990 , 1994 , and 1998 , receiving about 15 percent of the vote in 1998 . [ 91 ]
In the 1992 Democratic Party primary for U.S. Senate , Phelps received 31 percent of the vote . [ 92 ]
Phelps ran for mayor of Topeka in 1993 [ 93 ] [ 94 ] and 1997.[ citation needed ]
Phelps supported Al Gore in the 1988 Democratic Party presidential primary election .
In his 1984 Senate race , Gore had opposed a " gay bill of rights " and stated that homosexuality was not something that " society should affirm " , a position Gore had publicly changed by 2000 as his official position .
Phelps stated that he supported Gore because of these earlier comments . [ 95 ]
In 1996 Phelps opposed Clinton 's ( and Gore 's ) re-election because of the administration 's support for gay rights ; the Westboro congregation picketed a 1997 inaugural ball . [ 96 ]
Saddam Hussein [ edit ]
In 1997 , Phelps wrote a letter to Iraqi President Saddam Hussein , praising his regime for being " the only Muslim state that allows the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ to be freely and openly preached on the streets " . [ 97 ]
Furthermore , he stated that he would like to send a delegation to Baghdad to " preach the Gospel " for one week .
Hussein granted permission , and a group of WBC congregants traveled to Iraq to protest against the US .
The WBC members stood on the streets of Baghdad holding signs condemning both Bill and Hillary Clinton , as well as anal sex .[ citation needed ]
Arrests and traveling restrictions [ edit ]
United States [ edit ]
In 1994 , Phelps was convicted of disorderly conduct for verbal harassment , and received two suspended 30 - day jail sentences . [ 16 ] [ 93 ]
Phelps ' 1995 conviction for assault and battery carried a five - year prison sentence , with a mandatory 18 months to be served before he became eligible for parole .
Phelps fought to be allowed to remain free until his appeals process went through .
Days away from being arrested and sent to prison , a judge ruled that Phelps had been denied a speedy trial and that he was not required to serve any time . [ 16 ] [ 93 ]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
On February 18 , 2009 , two days before the Westboro Baptist Church 's first UK picket , the United Kingdom Home Office announced that Fred Phelps and Shirley Phelps - Roper would be refused entry and that " other church members could also be flagged and stopped if they tried to enter Britain " . [ 98 ]
In May 2009 , he and his daughter Shirley were placed on the Home Office 's " name and shame " list of people barred from entering the UK for " fostering hatred which might lead to inter- community violence " . [ 99 ]
In the media [ edit ]
In 1993 , Phelps appeared on a first - season episode of the talk show Ricki Lake , alleging that homosexuals and " anyone who carries the AIDS virus " deserved to die .
When Phelps and his son - in - law Charles Hockenbarger ( Phelps ’ daughter Rachel ’s husband ) became increasingly belligerent , Lake ordered the Phelps family to leave the studio .
During a commercial break , the two were forced off the set and escorted out of the building by security .
[ 100 ]
After Phelps died , Lake tweeted that when he had been on the show , he had told her that she worshipped her own rectum — a remark that led her to take action off - stage to have Phelps removed from the set . [ 101 ]
The Phelps family was the subject of the 2007 TV program The Most Hated Family in America , presented on the BBC by Louis Theroux . [ 102 ]
Four years after his original documentary , Theroux produced a follow - up program America 's Most Hated Family in Crisis , which was prompted by news of family members leaving the church .
[ 103 ] Phelps ' son Nate has broken ranks with the family and in an interview with Peter W. Klein on the Canadian program The Standard , he characterized his father as abusive and warned the Phelps family could turn violent .
[ 104 ]
Writing in response to Phelps ' death in 2014 , Theroux described Phelps as " an angry bigot who thrived on conflict " , and expressed the view that his death would not lead to any " huge changes " in the church , as he saw it as operating with the dynamics of a large family rather than a cult .
[ 105 ]
Theroux returned for a third documentary in 2019 , titled Surviving America 's Most Hated Family . [ 106 ]
Kevin Smith produced a horror film titled Red State featuring a religious fundamentalist villain inspired by Phelps . [ 107 ] [ 108 ]
Phelps appeared in A Union in Wait , a 2001 Sundance Channel documentary film about same - sex marriage , directed by Ryan Butler after Phelps picketed Wake Forest Baptist Church at Wake Forest University over a proposed same - sex union ceremony .
Excommunication and death [ edit ]
Fred Phelps preached his final Sunday sermon on September 1 , 2013 .
Five weeks later , sermons resumed from various members . [ 109 ] [ 110 ]
On March 15 , 2014 , Nathan Phelps , Phelps ' estranged son , reported that Phelps was in very poor health and was receiving hospice care . [ 111 ]
He said that Phelps had been excommunicated from the church in August 2013 , and then moved into a house where he " basically stopped eating and drinking " .
[ 111 ] [ 112 ] [ 113 ]
His statements were supported by his brother , Mark .
Church spokesman Steve Drain declined to answer questions about Phelps ' excommunication , and denied that the church had a single leader . [ 114 ]
The church 's official website said that membership status is private and did not confirm or deny the excommunication . [ 115 ]
Phelps died of natural causes shortly before midnight on March 19 , 2014 at the age of 84 . [ 116 ] [ 117 ] [ 118 ]
His daughter , Shirley , stated that a funeral for her father would not be held because the church does not " worship the dead " . [ 118 ]
Phelps had been reportedly suffering from some form of dementia in his final year , and started behaving very irrationally .
This led to church members believing that God had condemned him . [ 119 ]
It has been claimed that Phelps " had a softening of heart at the end of his life , " [ 120 ] according to accounts published in a memoir written by Phelps ' granddaughter Megan Phelps - Roper , and reporting from The New Yorker citing former members of the church . [ 121 ]
This includes an incident in 2013 , in which Phelps is said to have stepped outside the church and called over to members of Planting Peace , a nonprofit that bought a house on the other street and painted it with an LGBT rainbow , saying : " You 're good people ! " [ 122 ]
In an interview with NPR , Megan Phelps - Roper said this outburst was " the proximate cause " of Phelps being excommunicated , [ 123 ] a claim that the church has denied . [ 124 ] According to Phelps ' grandson and former church member Zach Phelps - Roper , Phelps ' actions were regarded as " rank blasphemy " by the church members . [ 125 ] [ 126 ]
Electoral history [ edit ]
Democratic primary for Governor of Kansas , 1990
Democratic primary for United States Senate , Kansas 1992
Gloria O'Dell : 111,015 ( 69.20 % )
Fred Phelps : 49,416 ( 30.80 % )
Democratic primary for Governor of Kansas , 1994
Jim Slattery : 84,389 ( 53.02 % )
Joan Wagnon : 42,115 ( 26.46 % )
James Francisco : 16,048 ( 10.08 % )
Leslie Kitchenmaster : 11,253 ( 7.07 % )
Fred Phelps : 5,349 ( 3.36 % )
Democratic primary for Governor of Kansas , 1998
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
For external links related to Westboro Baptist Church and not Phelps specifically , see this section .
“ I have to admit , we , the private sector , have changed , ” said Hulileh .
“ The mood used to be all the time to complain and say there is nothing we can do .
And then the politicians were trying to create this atmosphere of resistance  resistance meant no development under occupation . ”
Image Thomas L. Friedman Credit ... Fred R. Conrad / The New York Times
Fayyad and his boss , President Mahmoud Abbas , changed that .
Now the mood , said Hulileh , is that improving the Palestinian economy “ is what will enable you to resist and be steadfast .
Fayyad said to us : ‘ You , the business community , are not responsible for ending occupation .
You are responsible for employing people and getting ready for the state .
And that means you have to be part of the global world , to export and import , so when the state will come you will not have a garbage yard .
You will be ready . ’ ”
Meeting in his Ramallah office two weeks ago , I found Fayyad upbeat .
The economist - turned - politician seems more comfortable mixing with his constituents in the West Bank , where he has quietly built his popularity by delivering water wells , new schools  so there are no more double shifts  and a waste - water treatment facility .
The most senior Israeli military people told me the new security force that Fayyad has built is the real deal  real enough that Israel has taken down most of the checkpoints inside the West Bank .
So internal commerce and investment are starting to flow , and even some Gazans are moving there .
“ We may not be too far from a point of inflection , ” Fayyad said to me .
The Abbas - Fayyad state - building effort is still fragile , and it rests on a small team of technocrats , Palestinian business elites and a new professional security force .
The stronger this team grows , the more it challenges and will be challenged by some of the old - line Fatah Palestinian cadres in the West Bank , not to mention Hamas in Gaza .
It is the only hope left , though , for a two - state solution , so it needs to be quietly supported .
The most important thing President Obama can do when he meets Israel ’s prime minister , Bibi Netanyahu , on July 6 is to nudge him to begin gradually ceding control of major West Bank Palestinian cities to the Palestinian Authority so that Fayyad can show his people , as he puts it , that what he is building is an independent state “ not an exercise in adapting to the permanence of occupation ”  and so that Israel can test if the new Palestinian security forces really can keep the peace without Israel making nighttime raids .
Nothing would strengthen Fayyadism more than that .
Brought to you by the Coalition for a Safer Detroit – the same group that successfully got medical marijuana placed on the ballot in 2004 which passed – the ordinance amendment would allow anyone 21 - years - old or older to legally possess less than an ounce of marijuana on private property , amending Chapter 38 of the city code regulating controlled substances .
Dennis Mazurek , assistant corporation counsel with the city Law Department , told the council ’s Internal Operations Committee that the ordinance amendment violates state law , specifically , the Michigan Public Health Code , and can not be enacted .
The state only allows registered medical marijuana use .
According to the City Clerk ’s Office , the Coalition submitted 5,750 signatures in May ; 3,895 were required and 4,598 were validated .
The City Charter allows voters to enact a city ordinance , or “ initiative , ” like this by petition .
Council is required to act within 30 days or pass on the initiative , which the council ’s Internal Operations Committee did today by not voting on the initiative .
The initiative will now automatically be reviewed by the Detroit Elections Commission , which must approve the petitions to be placed on the November ballot .
Beck is confident voters will pass the ordinance , as they passed the medical marijuana ordinance in 2004 .
“ It ’s going to win , ” he said .
“ I have no doubt about that . ”
Source : Detroit Free Press ( MI )
Author : Naomi Patton , Free Press Staff Writer
Published : June 16 , 2010
Copyright : 2010 Detroit Free Press
Website : http://www.freep.com/
Contact : letters@freepress.com
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/zI1P5yvn
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
This infographic , created by someone called " Pest " , shows how the lightsaber changed over the years .
I did n't realize that there were so many colors .
I prefer the manly shade of red for my own sidearm.via Sci Fi Wire
More info ...
TEMSI NO .
2A SUPPLEMENTAL SET 101 pieces ; 1 part tray
New , unused , factory - fresh late 1990 's version of the No. 2A " Collect Box " supplemental set
Includes angle girders , a variety of perforated strips , four red plastic flanged wheels with brass bosses , four windmill blades , long double angles , eccentric cranks , and a miscellaneous assortment of small parts and fasteners
Detailed , monochrome instruction manual with a glossy full color cover
For ages 7 and above
5.9 lbs. 10 ¾ " x 14 " x 2 3/8 " - Seven sets available .
$ 30.00
More details ...
STOKYS NO .
00 SET New , unused set circa 1960 .
Two parts are missing , including one of the four small pulleys / wheels .
As the detail photo shows , the tiny set features a selection of strips , both formed and straight , a flanged plate , a pierced disk , crank and axle shaft , assorted fasteners , plus the aforementioned small pulleys .
A monochrome instruction manual is included .
The box , featuring a full color cover , and the manual are in excellent condition .
One set available .
$ 30.00 Merkur No. ND109 25 - Hole Strip Accessory Pack Six Packages Available
Includes 25 pieces
For ages 8 and above
1.2 lb. $ 29.95 SALE : $ 8.00
More details ...
AMERICAN MODEL BUILDER NO .
1 Original manual from 1914 ; 35 pp. with black and white model instructions and multi-color cover art .
Very Good condition ; large corner missing from last page .
One available .
$ 10.00
More details ...
AMERICAN MODEL BUILDER MASTER MANUAL ( ALL MODELS ) Original manual from 1914s ; 80 pp. with black and white model instructions and multi-color cover art .
Good condition .
One available .
$ 12.00
More details ...
AMB PROMOTIONAL BOOKLET AND CATALOG ( REPRODUCTION )
High quality reproduction of " The Story of Steel , " , an American Model Builder promotional booklet and product catalog .
Covers are printed from color scans of original booklet on heavy card stock , and interior features high quality b&w scans of original pages .
Manual is wire - spiral bound for ease of use ( pages lie flat ) .
23 pp. Fine condition .
One available .
$ 7.00
More details ...
AMI - LAC NO .
6 MANUAL Original manual for the No. 6 set , includes all models for sets 1 - 6 ; 32 pp. with black and white model instructions and full - color cover art .
New condition .
Two available .
$ 5.00
More details ...
EITECH C12 MANUAL Original manual for the Eitech C12 set ; 27 pp. with multi-color model instructions and cover art .
Fine condition .
One available .
$ 5.00
More details ...
EITECH C14 MANUAL Original manual for the Eitech C14 set ; 23 pp. with multi-color model instructions and cover art .
Fine condition .
One available .
$ 5.00
More details ...
GILBERT ERECTOR MANUAL OF INSTRUCTION - PART 1 Original manual from the late 1920s ; 32 pp. with black and white model instructions and three - color cover art .
Very good condition ( some very small dark stains on cover ) .
One available .
$ 12.00
More details ...
GABRIEL ERECTOR MANUAL FOR SETS 200 , 375 , 500 , 725 Original manual from 1981 ; 32 pp. with multi-color model instructions and cover art .
Very good condition .
One available .
$ 8.00
More details ...
KIS TECHNIKUS MODEL BUILDING MANUAL ( REPRODUCTION )
High quality reproduction of a Hungarian building set manual .
Covers are printed from full color scans of original manual on heavy card stock , and interior features high quality b&w scans of original model instructions .
Manual is wire - spiral bound for ease of use ( pages lie flat ) .
8 pp. Fine condition .
One available .
$ 5.00
More details ...
ERECTOR ( MECCANO ) 40 - MODEL MANUAL
Original manual from 2001 ; 87 pp. with full color model instructions and cover art .
Fine condition .
One available .
$ 7.00
More details ...
MARKLIN NO .
71A INSTRUCTION MANUAL
Original manual from 1930 for sets 1 - 3 ; 144 pp. with black and white model instructions and full - color cover art .
Printed in German .
Good condition , but with folds on upper right cover , some small tears , and other minor wear on both covers .
One available .
$ 10.00
More details ...
MECCANO INSTRUCTION MANUAL NO .
2 Original manual from 1974 for set no .
2 ; 24 pp. with multi-color model instructions and cover art .
Printed in English and other languages .
Fine condition .
One available .
$ 10.00
More details ...
MERKUR M5 INSTRUCTION MANUAL
Original manual for set M5 ; 38 pp. with full - color model instructions and cover art .
Printed in English , Czech , and other languages .
Fine condition .
Two available .
$ 8.00
More details ...
MERKUR M6 INSTRUCTION MANUAL
Original manual for set M6 ; 32 pp. with full - color model instructions and cover art .
Printed in English , Czech , and other languages .
Fine condition . .
Two available .
$ 8.00
More details ...
OLYMPIA MANUAL ( REPRODUCTION )
High quality reproduction of an Olympia Metallkleinbauskasten manual .
Covers are printed from color scans of original manual on heavy card stock , and interior features b&w scans of original model instructions .
Manual is wire - spiral bound for ease of use ( pages lie flat ) .
32 pp . Fine condition .
One available .
$ 7.50
More details ...
STABIL 49 - 52 SETS MANUAL - EARLY ( REPRODUCTION )
High quality reproduction of the early period Stabil 49 - 52 manual .
Covers are printed from full color scans of original manual on heavy card stock , and interior features high quality b&w scans of original model instructions .
Manual is wire - spiral bound for ease of use ( pages lie flat ) .
80 pp. Fine condition .
One available .
$ 10.00
More details ...
STABIL 49 - 52 SETS MANUAL - LATER ( REPRODUCTION )
High quality reproduction of the later period Stabil 49 - 52 manual .
Covers are printed from full color scans of original manual on heavy card stock , and interior features high quality b&w scans of original model instructions .
Manual is wire - spiral bound for ease of use ( pages lie flat ) .
128 pp. Fine condition .
One available .
$ 10.00
More details ...
STABIL 53 -55 SETS MANUAL - EARLY ( REPRODUCTION )
Reproduction of the early period Stabil 53 - 55 manual .
Covers are printed from full color scans of original manual on heavy card stock , and interior features legible but underexposed b&w scans of original model instructions .
Manual is wire - spiral bound for ease of use ( pages lie flat ) .
42 pp. ; pagination begins on page 57 .
Fine condition .
One available .
$ 7.50
More details ...
TECH INSTRUCTION MANUAL FOR SETS 1 - 3 Original manual for the Tech plastic building component system .
48 pp. with black and white model instructions and full - color cover art .
Good condition .
One available .
$ 5.00
More details ...
THE LITTLE ENGINEER 137 MANUAL ( REPRODUCTION )
High quality reproduction of the Danish No. 137 Little Engineer manual .
Covers are printed from full color scans of original manual on heavy card stock , and interior features high quality b&w scans of original model instructions .
Manual is wire - spiral bound for ease of use ( pages lie flat ) .
44 pp . Fine condition .
One available .
$ 10.00
More details ...
VOGUE INSTRUCTION BOOK NO .
3 Original manual from the mid 1950s - 60s for sets 1 - 3 ; 24 pp. with black and white model instructions and multi-color cover art .
Good condition , with some minor creasing and folded page corners .
One available .
$ 10.00
Often times , today ’s parents are faced with the following situation :
Is it best to have one parent stay at home or should both parent ’s return to work .
Sometimes the answer may be obvious .
Sometimes it may require some analysis .
When parents are faced with finding an answer that is not obvious , the following are some items that should be included when arriving at a decision .
Should one or both parents work ?
– Is it possible financially ?
Might as well talk about the elephant in the room first .
This is the driving force behind many of the answers .
If both parents are already working , how practical is it to give up a salary ?
The economy makes the prospect of finding a job less than desirable right now .
The salary alone ca n’t be what ’s considered though .
You have to look at the added costs of daycare , wardrobe , taxes , travel , lunch , etc .
All of these combined will take a hefty portion of your check .
Once you calculate what your * true * pay would be , you can decide if it is possible to give up that much from the household income .
The only caveat here , beyond the obvious , is that you also need to factor in the fringe benefits you receive .
Does the company contribute to a retirement plan for you ?
Are you vested ?
Is the insurance provided really too good to lose ?
These variables should play a small role in your overall decision .
– Are you in love with your job and career ?
Does the thought of staying at home for a few years make you feel disappointed ?
Or are you excited at the prospect of being a full - time parent ?
If both parents love what they do , then it may be best for both to return to work .
Whichever chose to stay home , could end up feeling resentment towards the other if they feel they left their “ dream job ” .
However , if one does choose to be a full - time parent , it does not mean they are sabotaging their chances of returning to the workforce .
Once things settle down after the baby comes home , the parent can remain active within organizations they belonged .
They can work on certifications .
They can learn new skills .
There are numerous possibilities that this person can do that will enhance their future prospects .
– Do you personally want to raise your children ?
Outside the pure financial feasibility of it , this is probably the biggest question you need to ask yourself .
Do you want the day - to - day responsibility of raising and caring for your child ?
Now , without sounding callous , are you comfortable with having someone else be responsible for the day - to - day activities ?
Within reason of course !
One possibility , instead of having an either / or scenario , would be if there was a family member that was close enough and willing that could watch the child some during the day .
This would allow the stay - at - home parent some flexibility to work part - time , volunteer , etc .
There is no right answer !
The question presented is a highly personal one and can only be answered by the parents .
My purpose has been to try to present some issues that need to be considered during your discussions and not sway you in one direction or the other .
I do have one other purpose behind this post too .
And that is there should be discussions had and planning done well in advance of having children .
Too often , I see parents that do n’t have any real options around this issue .
Having had the discussions and plan in place may have been able to help in that situation .
Please post your thoughts and comments around this issue .
I love to hear how others have handled this situation .
In the classic dystopian novels , 1984 and Brave New World , societies encourage conformity by discouraging strong personal relationships .
For example , in Brave New World :
The maxim “ everyone belongs to everyone else ” is repeated often , and the idea of a “ family ” is considered pornographic ; sexual competition and emotional , romantic relationships are rendered obsolete because they are no longer needed .
Since schools are a big way we now train “ self - control ” to conform to social pressure , you should n’t be surprised to hear that schools now discourage close friendships :
Increasingly , some educators and other professionals who work with children are asking a question that might surprise their parents :
Should a child really have a best friend ? …
The classic best - friend bond — the two special pals who share secrets and exploits , who gravitate to each other on the playground and who head out the door together every day after school — signals potential trouble for school officials intent on discouraging anything that hints of exclusivity , in part because of concerns about cliques and bullying .
“ I think it is kids ’ preference to pair up and have that one best friend .
As adults — teachers and counselors — we try to encourage them not to do that , ” said Christine Laycob , director of counseling …
“ We try to talk to kids and work with them to get them to have big groups of friends and not be so possessive about friends . ” …
If two children seem to be too focused on each other , the camp will make sure to put them on different sports teams , seat them at different ends of the dining table or , perhaps , have a counselor invite one of them to participate in an activity with another child whom they have n’t yet gotten to know . …
Such an attitude worries some psychologists who fear that children will be denied the strong emotional support and security that comes with intimate friendships . …
School officials admit they watch close friendships carefully for adverse effects .
“ When two children discover a special bond between them , we honor that bond , provided that neither child overtly or covertly excludes or rejects others . ”
HT Robert Koslover .
Added 21June : Bryan weighs in .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
My Droid World is on a roll !
Yesterday they brought us a working Froyo update for Motorola Droid but it came with a serious omission - WiFi was not included .
After taking a breather , a few hours later they produced another version , this time with support for WiFi and overclocking .
There are a number of download options , varying in the CPU frequency hardcoded into the kernel - from 800 MHz to 1250 MHz , so grab the one you want and see if it 's stable enough ( I promise you - it will be FAST ) .
If the one you grabbed is not stable , grab one with a lower frequency , and rinse and repeat until it all works well .
So read our notes on the original release and then head over to this My Droid World post for download links and community feedback .
Update [ 6/6/10 ] : there is now a great set of noob - friendly instructions over there is now a great set of noob - friendly instructions over here
Source : My Droid World forums
Fix Congress
First is an independent news agency that specializes in bringing a fresh perspective to political news from around the United States .
Our dedicated staff of journalists are committed to bringing original newsworthy content to our readers .
We cover all areas of breaking political news and current events from with sides of the aisle in real time 24 hours a day , 365 days per year .
Fix Congress
First realizes that our success as an agency is tied directly to our readers and site visitors .
If you have any suggestions or feedback , please feel free to use the contact page or email the writers directly and you will have a response within 24 hours , and in most cases the same day .
You can find our list of contributors and contact information here .
Our readers are priority one and your comments , questions and input are welcomed .
We can be reached via email at news@fixcongreefirst.org or at the address listed below .
Fix Congress First
Brad Friedman Byon 6/24/2010 , 1:59 pm PT
Good for him .
Now , at some point , he needs to hold his own " news " channel accountable for all the damage they 've done as well ...
Eric Boehlert at Media Matters has some related thoughts on whether the BP disaster will turn out to be Fox 's " tipping point " .
The mood at Infinity Ward , the studio behind 2009 's biggest game , is terrible and corporate parent Activision is unsure how to fix it , a source close to the development studio tells Kotaku .
Infinity Ward , they said , " will continue to crumble . "
Advertisement
The source is privy to the goings on in Infinity Ward this week , an eventful period since Monday 's news that Jason West and Vince Zampella , the former chiefs of Infinity Ward who were fired by Activision in early March , were starting a new company , Respawn Entertainment .
Advertisement
Top Infinity
Ward developers started leaving the studio last week and have continued to since the Respawn news , costing the under - 100 - person operation more than a dozen development employees .
" They 're scared shitless , " the source said of Activision management .
" They never saw this coming .
They can't believe what 's going on .
At first they gave us some bullshit about moving up payments of all the money they owe us to sooner increments .
That was when [ designer ]
Todd [ Alderman ] and [ engineer ] Frank [ Gigliotti ] left .
But with the announcement of Respawn and all the people leaving , they just got there heads in their hands . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Activision had not responded to a request for comment regarding the state of Infinity Ward .
While Activision 's counterclaim against the fired West and Zampella accuse the men of trying to undermine both Activision and the financial well - being of the Infinity Ward developers who worked under them , the Infinity Ward insider painted the former bosses in a positive light , blaming Activision for withholding Modern Warfare 2 payments .
" They fired the two most amazing leaders we 've ever seen , and then shafted us all out of a lot of money that was promised to us ... there is nothing they can do to gain our trust or respect .
And I 'm pretty sure they know it now . "
Advertisement
The pace of departures has slowed slightly , with no news in the past 48 hours of anyone else leaving Infinity Ward .
Our source says that Activision is bringing in people from other studios to fill in gaps created by the departures , in the hopes to move ahead with the expected Modern Warfare 3 .
That wo n't work , our source said : " IW as you know it is dead ... and it will continue to crumble .
There are a lot more veterans who are definitely going to leave . "
Advertisement
Update :
While we 've not heard from Activision we have heard from another Infinity Ward insider who has a more positive take on the studio's future : " First off , yes , it is a shitty situation , but there are two kinds of people left : ones that are sticking it out for the money , and others who want to make something work .
We are not dead , we definitely lost original team members , but not all of the talent .
When you talk about the people who left , they are the best in the business , but equally everyone at Infinity Ward deserves that same credential .
We are here for the long haul of keeping the Modern Warfare name alive , but as your article clearly shows , certain people are still pissed about it .
We just had this discussion in our Monday meeting , ' We still have the talent that will get us to where we need to go , and now is the time to find our new leaders . ' "
—-
For a recap of the latest events in the imbroglio involving Activision , Infinity Ward , West , Zampella and now EA , check out Kotaku 's ongoing Call of Duty Legal Warfare coverage .
After the December incident , Quigg was found with a nearly empty bottle of vodka as he slumped over the steering wheel of his Honda Accord , according to court documents .
Filed at 3:33 p.m. ET
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israel said Sunday it was easing a land blockade on the Gaza Strip to allow in all goods except for arms and materials used to make them .
The softening of a policy criticised as collective punishment of Gaza 's 1.5 million Palestinians to weaken their hardline Islamist leaders follows an Israeli raid on a blockade - running flotilla in which nine activists died .
The United States quickly welcomed the shift and said President Barack Obama would hold a delayed meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Washington on July 6 .
Israel 's old rules banned everything it chose not to let in .
Netanyahu said Israel would " as quickly as possible " publish a list of banned goods and all items not on it would be allowed in to the Palestinian territory run by the Hamas Islamist group .
Saying their request for information is " burdensome , overly broad , and intended to harass , " the Maricopa County Sheriff 's Office told the Board of Supervisors today that it will not comply with a subpoena demanding financial records .
The supervisors have been demanding the information since March -- resorting to a subpoena two weeks ago when their requests were met with silence .
As we reported last week , refusing to comply with the subpoena could lead to Sheriff Joe Arpaio facing a civil warrant for his arrest and ultimately being forced to appear before the board to answer for his refusal .
However , knowing this county , it 's much more likely to result in ( you guessed it ! ) costly litigation .
Representing the sheriff 's office on the matter is its law firm of choice these days , Ogletree Deakins .
In a letter dated today , Ogletree attorneys Eric Dowell and Alec Hillbo argue that the board issued the subpoena not to get to the bottom of the financial situation in the county , but to " retaliate " against the sheriff 's office " for protecting its legal interests and performing its law enforcement duties . "
In its request for documents , the county had suggested that the sheriff was misusing the Jail Enhancement Fund , which involves a special sales tax approved by the voters to subsidize jail construction and operations .
They believed that money , despite the earmark , was going to finance Arpaio 's pet projects -- like immigration sweeps and harassing judicial assistants -- instead .
In their response , Dowell and Hillbo claim , strangely , that the county both does not have jurisdiction over the Jail Enhancement Fund -- and that the county already has the records in question anyway .
Okaaaaaaaaaay then .
Finally , stealing a play from former County Attorney Andrew Thomas , Dowell and Hillbo demand a " legitimate means for securing the information without abusing its subpoena power through harassment and retaliation . "
To that end , they suggest asking former Supreme Court Chief Justice Ruth McGregor to appoint a " neutral third - party auditor . "
Seriously , guys -- does n't Ruth McGregor have better things to do in her retirement than serve as a full - time mediator ?
And what the heck is a " third - party auditor " anyway ?
Personally , we think the supervisors might be better off going the arrest route .
They could even auction off photos of Sheriff Joe in handcuffs to cover Ogletree Deakins ' legal fees !
Really , would n't that be a better strategy than sticking the taxpayer with the sheriff 's bills once again ?
Two random images I found on the web today while searching for something totally unrelated …
Surprisingly , FederationLisa and KlingonLisa were created by two entirely different people , probably on opposite sides of the globe ( or the universe ) .
And most definitely , it was not the guy who created this masterpiece :
[ via Fanpop and StrangelyDrawn ]
From : Roy T. Fielding < : Roy T. Fielding < fielding@gbiv.com
Cc : HTML WG < : HTML WG < public-html@w3.org
Message - Id : < E5879101-5491-4EC0 -ABA6-16339BD16757@gbiv.com >
To : Adam Barth < : Adam Barth < w3c@adambarth.com
On Jun 14 , 2010 , at 5:49 PM , Adam Barth wrote : > On Mon , Jun 14 , 2010 at 9:32 AM , Maciej Stachowiak < mjs@apple.com > wrote : >>
On Jun 2 , 2010 , at 7:17 AM , Tab Atkins Jr. wrote : >>>
On Tue , Jun 1 , 2010 at 6:53 PM , Sam Ruby < rubys@intertwingly.net > wrote : >>>> >>>>
I was going to wait a day or so before I mentioned it again , but you >>>>
recently authored two change proposals which I suggested that you might want >>>> to augment . >>>> >>>>
When it comes time for a poll in issues 89 and 92 , what URLs should be used >>>> to identify the change proposals that people are to register their >>>> objections ? >>> >>>
I can rewrite them to include the additional information I 've sent to >>> the list .
Ping me before the poll comes up if I forget about it . >>> >>>>
As to your question in this email : the primary purpose of proposals is to >>>> make a case FOR something , i.e. , provide rationale .
Clearly stated >>>> objections contained within a proposal will be considered , but that is n't >>>>
the primary purpose of a proposal . >>>> >>>>
This is true even for proposals made in response to other proposals ( i.e. , >>>> counter - proposals ) .
The chairs made a decision that uncontested content in >>>>
the spec does not need rationale , but contested material does , and that >>>> responses to bug reports and proposals are the place to provide the >>>> rationale . >>> >>>
This does n't answer my question .
Allow me to make it more direct .
Do >>>
I hurt my case by merely authoring a change proposal and then not >>> repeating my objections in the poll ? >> >>
I have not yet discussed this with my co-Chairs , but here is my take . >> >>
When the Chairs review survey responses on an issue , we also carefully study the Change Proposals submitted and most particularly the rationale sections .
If you look at the Working Group Decision for ISSUE - 76 ( < http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-html/2010Jan/att-0218/issue-76-decision.html>), each point of rationale in each submitted Change Proposal was explicitly addressed .
For the recent round of decisions , we also carefully reviewed Change Proposal rationales , but we commented on them in a somewhat more cursory way . >> >>
Since we 're telling WG participants that they do not need to restate objections that are redundant with a Change Proposal , then I think we need to be very clear that we are in fact treating arguments in the rationale sections as objections when appropriate , even if not explicitly worded as such .
Therefore I will recommend that for future decisions , the Chairs explicitly address at least all the individual points of rationale from each Change Proposal in the written decision .
> >
A lot of the discussion around Change Proposals and the Decision >
Process seems to revolve around the " strength of objections . "
Would > it make my proposal more likely to convince the chairs if I edited my > proposal to more strongly object to the opposing viewpoint ? > >
Previously , I was under the impression that technical merit was the > salient criterion , so I couched my proposal in terms of technical > trade - offs .
I can certainly be more of an objectionist if that 's what > the chairs desire .
Why do you persist in this game ?
I can understand Ian 's desire to keep stringing this diatribe along , but I cannot understand why anyone else would be fool enough to pretend that the chairs are idiots or somehow motivated to accept vocalness as a measure of " strength of objection " .
A true technical issue , as in " something described in the spec does n't work that way in practice " , is almost always a strong objection on the part of those that have already implemented it .
Likewise , a specification that requires a future implementation should result in a strong objection by those who refuse to implement it .
Similarly , a protocol that one side of the communication chooses to implement but the other side is going to have to block should result in a strong objection .
In rare cases , we can resolve objections by actually testing different alternatives or by seeing the success or failure of test deployments .
However , that requires a fair evaluation of those tests and an editor that does n't suffer from severe NIH syndrome .
In some cases , the editor / author places speculative stuff in the specification in the hope that everyone agrees with it .
When someone disagrees with that speculation , the editor is expected to remove it .
Insisting that the removal be preconditioned by an extensive argument based on technical merit presupposes that there is any merit in the text being added in the first place .
Authors are lousy judges on the merit of their own speculation .
I would say that the chairs have been looking for objections that reveal how much technical and social damage will be caused by the action , one way or the other , where both are defined in terms of the entire scope of HTML implementations and the entire scope of HTML as a standard .
They have bent over backwards to avoid making any personal evaluations of " technical merit " with their chair hats on , since that would not be consistent with the role of chair for evaluating WG consensus ( not their own consensus ) .
Ian does n't seem to understand the distinction , because in his world all decisions are made by Ian / WHATWG , and so he keeps portraying these acts of observation as decisions by the chairs rather than decisions of the WG .
This part of the W3C process is extremely unusual , since most W3C editors are willing to listen to other experts in the field and accept their evaluations of technical alternatives rather than rely on their own inexperience to act as judge , jury , and executioner .
Ian 's arguments are entirely based on browser behavior , when it suits him , and entirely based on speculation when it does n't .
We have had several discussions on terminology and language definition for which he has shown no interest in consistency .
We have argued about URI and URL algorithms for which his claim of browser implementation has turned out to be utterly false .
We are still arguing about the definition of Content - Language as a pragma in HTML5 , even though that definition is technically wrong , not implemented by the majority of browsers let alone any of the thousand or so content management systems , actively harmful to deployed content , disagrees with the normative MIME and HTTP definitions , breaks the principle of orthogonality that is core to Web architecture , and even manages to misuse the term " pragma " for something that is very clearly metadata .
There is no technical merit to a solution that has not and will not be implemented , and yet I had to spend the better part of six months arguing for @ping to be removed from the spec , something that would have been harmful if implemented for at least two different technical reasons , both of which were repeatedly explained .
Ian is still incapable of seeing either technical argument .
I find the dual spec to be an insult to the standards process and a disgrace for the WHATWG .
It is pathetic .
It turns the grandiose statements about HTML5 from Google and Apple into a pack of lies , something I suspect neither CEO would appreciate .
Stuff like @ping could easily be published as separate proposals , like all other standards processes , but Ian thinks he can win this game instead by challenging ownership of the standard itself .
I 'd prefer that he stop wasting my time , either way , so I would prefer that he either try to move HTML5 out of the W3C ( and we can stop calling it a standards effort ) or choose to adhere to the standards process without any sniveling , lying , backside abuse of the process .
Personally , I disagree with about half of the change proposal decisions so far , not because the chairs are wrong but because I do n't think the text should even appear in the HTML standard until it has been implemented with some consistency .
HTML is not a new protocol , and I do n't think any speculation belongs in the standard .
I see no reason to prefer one thousand - page document that nobody agrees on over a single agreed standard and multiple new proposals , and I simply do n't care how much more difficult that makes it for the editor .
It needs to be easier for readers .
If there are technical inconsistencies in the W3C spec , then Ian can propose the corresponding changes just like anyone else .
If his arguments have no technical merit and are only being made for political reasons or because he is swimming in a warm snit , then I hope you can find the time to argue against them .
I certainly wo n't bother until the dual spec issue is resolved , since this whole process is irrelevant if there is any confusion over what is the standard .
Cheers , Roy T. Fielding < http://roy.gbiv.com/>
Chief Scientist , Day Software < http://www.day.com/>
We love reverse engineering our favorite snack foods using ingredients from home , but this week we 've stumbled upon something a bit different — taking fast food and turning into something presentable at home .
Advertisement
Over at food weblog Slashfood , they 've made the observation that the new KFC Double Down ( you know , that heavily marketed sandwich that uses fried chicken instead of bread ) is actually not that original .
In fact , it 's barely different from Chicken Cordon Bleu , a popular French dish .
In an effort to prove their point ( and eat lots of KFC , no doubt ) , they 've shared their recipe for Chicken Cordon Bleu , using only 1 KFC Double Down and some organic French tarragon .
Sure , it sounds silly , but we love KFC so much we 've learned how to make it at home — so all logic has already been thrown out the window .
Plus , it 's a great way to make a great tasting " fancy " dish at the last second , when you 've set the duck on fire and your guests are arriving in 20 minutes .
Hit the link for the full post .
Advertisement
Chicken Cordon Deux ( Fancy KFC Double Down ) [ Slashfood ]
Public Safety Minister Vic
Toews said an agreement has been reached between all federal parties to pass a bill that would prevent notorious offenders like Karla Homolka from applying for a pardon .
Toews said the NDP and Bloc Québécois have signed on to support the legislation , and the Liberals are just looking over some minor details .
" I can say that in respect of the critical elements of our bill , so as to prevent notorious criminals from receiving a pardon , we have an agreement , " Toews told reporters .
Toews said they split off the bill , meaning the new proposed legislation is not the full bill that the Conservatives had originally proposed .
The rest of the bill will remain in committee as C - 23B to be studied in the fall .
Toews said it was n't everything he wanted , but that a compromise was essential to get legislation in place before summer .
Under the deal , the National Parole Board would be able to deny any pardon that would bring the system into disrepute
As well , the period of ineligibility for a pardon would increase to five years from three for summary conviction crimes , and to 10 years from five for more serious indictable offences .
All those convicted of serious violent offences would be prohibited from applying for a pardon for 10 years .
The urgency for the bill stems from revelations that Homolka could apply for a pardon on July 5 if the legislation is not passed .
Asked by a reporter if the bill would specifically prevent Homolka from applying for a pardon , Toews said : " I believe that people like the individual you mentioned would not fit the criteria for a pardon . "
The opposition parties had been pushing back , saying that the government is using Homolka 's name as a way to get badly drafted legislation passed without proper scrutiny .
The NDP had proposed splitting the bill so that the part that would pertain to criminals like Homolka could pass quickly while the rest of the legislation could be considered later .
Toews had dismissed that possibility , saying the NDP 's alternative " effectively guts " the government 's proposed legislation .
Some Liberals had expressed concern that the Conservatives are using Homolka 's name to pressure the opposition to pass the bill hastily .
As the FIFA World Cup 2010 attracts soccer fans worldwide , another tournament in South Africa is also gaining international attention : the Poor People ’s World Cup in Cape Town .
The local tournament was organized by the Western Cape Anti-Eviction Campaign ( AEC ) .
Running parallel with the FIFA games , it aims to highlight the province ’s struggle against rampant poverty and homelessness .
Speaking to CNN , AEC coordinator Ashraf Cassiem said , “ It ’s a platform created by poor people , for poor people , to expose the evictions and displacements affecting poor people in a negative way . ”
Cassiem said , “ Everybody is crazy excited about it .
More than 1,500 turned up despite a lack of transport for fans or communities .
People here are real crazy about soccer but wo n’t get the opportunity to participate in the real FIFA World Cup . ”
Organizers say the games are a way to protest what they call the exclusion of poor communities from the FIFA games and the negative impact of the World Cup on the poor and homeless .
Most South Africans are not benefiting from the official World Cup , they add .
AEC activists say the FIFA World Cup excludes the poor with high - priced tickets people cannot afford .
The cheapest tickets cost $ 20 , which is more than some people earn in a week .
The FIFA World Cup also forces many out of work because street vendors are not allowed to sell their merchandise near the official stadiums .
Activists also claim that poor South Africans , especially the homeless , have been moved to “ temporary relocation centers ” to be hidden from visiting soccer tourists .
The Poor People ’s World Cup features 36 teams representing over 40 different communities from the Cape Town area , allowing them to play the one thing they like most : soccer .
The free three - week event kicked off June 13 .
The games are being played at a field next to Athlone stadium in Cape Town and the final games will be played on June 27 .
The competing teams have been named after most countries in the FIFA games but also include teams named Haiti , Somalia , Palestine and Zimbabwe .
Organizers note this tournament is not only for soccer teams and fans , but also for the whole community and for the people who struggle every day against water and electricity cut -offs and against evictions from their homes and working places .
It ’s not right that poor South Africans continue to suffer , while the rich are enjoying themselves in the expensive stadiums at the expense of the poor , activists charge .
In contrast to the FIFA World Cup , organizers of the Poor People ’s World Cup say their tournament is for the poor communities by the poor communities that will not exploit or marginalize people but rather involve them and create new spaces of exposure and participation .
Activists say the South African government should do more to provide better housing for the poor rather than spending millions on new soccer stadiums for the FIFA games .
They express the hope that soccer tourists and official FIFA teams find the time to visit the Poor People ’s World Cup as a way to see what ’s really happening in South Africa .
Photo :
The under - nines team from Hanover Park on the opening day of the Poor People ’s World Cup . ( Anti-Eviction Campaign )
A police memo obtained by The Wall Street Journal says that car thieves across the five boroughs are scamming sellers on Craigslist by stealing their vehicles during test drives .
The memo did n't say how many of the more than 4,000 cars stolen in the past year were taken in this manner .
( Nor did it say whether the thieves in question were any smarter than the individual ( s ) described in this Craigslist posting ) .
For years , police and customers alike have been wary of buying stolen cars on Craigslist and there have been previous ...
This week , the United States Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) issued a 38 - page report which found no misuse of federal funds by the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) .
The GAO report , " Preliminary Observations on Funding , Oversight , and Investigations and Prosecutions of ACORN or Potentially Related Organizations , " was issued after calls for an impartial investigation into federal funding awarded from 2005 to 2009 to ACORN , a community organization that serves poor , working class people , and its affiliated organizations .
The report was issued in response to a Congressional request for a 6 - month investigation into the federal funding awarded to ACORN .
Such findings come as no surprise -- ACORN is the nation 's largest and most successful community organization of low and moderate income families , with more than 500,000 members from over 1,000 neighborhood chapters in 75 cities across the country .
Since 1970 , ACORN has been building powerful community organizations committed to social and economic justice , and has won thousands of victories in the defense of its members .
Ironically , it was Congress itself that initiated an unconstitutional attack on both democracy and poor , working people when they defunded ACORN -- an organization that the GAO concluded " play[s ] an important role in providing a wide range of public services . "
Like many progressive organizations and individuals who work tirelessly for open democracy , social change and justice , ACORN has also been targeted by the right as part of a conspiracy to silence the Left .
Congress bowed to this politically - motivated campaign in Fall 2009 when it acted as judge , jury and executioner by barring federal government funds from reaching ACORN and all of its affiliated organizations and allies without a fair investigation and trial .
ACORN must continue to receive federal funding in order to advocate for poor , working class people across the nation and to ensure their rights to affordable housing , a healthy environment , and to a living wage .
Without this critical funding , ACORN , its affiliated organizations , and the poor , working class people it serves will be devastated .
In November 2009 , the Center for Constitutional Rights ( CCR ) filed a federal lawsuit challenging Congress ' actions .
A federal judge sided with CCR and ordered the United States government and several federal agencies to rescind orders cutting off funding to ACORN and its affiliated organizations in March 2010 .
The Government has appealed this order and next week , CCR is heading to court to demand that ACORN receives the funds it is due .
Congress defunded ACORN as a result of a public relations campaign orchestrated by the right , which has persistently attacked and defamed ACORN and similar community groups and social justice organizations .
In doing so , Congress has effectively acted against the rights of the poor , working class people of this country .
+++
This post was co-authored by Nahal Zamani , an education and outreach associate at the Center for Constitutional Rights .
_______
About author Bill is legal director of the Center for Constitutional Rights and a law professor at Loyola University New Orleans .
You can reach him at Bill is legal director of the Center for Constitutional Rights and a law professor at Loyola University New Orleans .
You can reach him at Quigley77@gmail.com
The Known Unknowns
LEBANON’S POPULATION
What we know we do n’t know :
No one knows who exactly lives in Lebanon .
The country has n’t held a census since the French colonial government conducted one in 1932 .
Why we do n’t know it : A census would likely reveal the uncomfortable truth — for Lebanon ’s Maronite Christians — that their numbers have been slipping as a percentage of the population .
When Lebanon became independent in 1943 , a national pact divided power between Christians and Muslims on a 6 - 5 ratio based on the 1932 census , later changed to an even split after the country ’s brutal 1975 - 1990 civil war .
Since then , the Shiite Muslim community is believed to have grown faster than any other group , but Christians , despite making up only an estimated quarter of the population , still hold half the parliamentary seats .
They ’d prefer to keep it that way .
JOSEPH EID / AFP / Getty Images
NIGERIA’S OIL
What we know we do n’t know : Even Nigeria ’s state oil company admits that it “ cannot guarantee 100 percent accuracy ” for its statistics on how much oil the country produces — this in a state where oil generates more than 80 percent of government revenue .
Why we do n’t know it : Nigeria ’s oil sector is plagued by corruption and willful ignorance , and that extends to accounting .
One watchdog group put the discrepancies in the Nigerian Central Bank ’s oil earnings figures at around $ 155 million for 2005 .
With Western oil majors heavily invested in the Niger Delta , there ’s suspicion that those companies are extracting more than they ’re reporting .
The unrest in the oil - rich delta has also played a role in the uncertainty , with hundreds of thousands of barrels thought to have been lost since the early 1990s due to sabotage by rebel groups .
LIONEL HEALING / AFP / Getty Images
RUSSIA’S NUKES
What we know we do n’t know :
No one has ever really been sure how much fissile material Russia has — possibly not even Russia itself — except that it ’s more than anyone else ’s and some of it has likely gone missing .
Why we do n’t know it :
After the breakup of the Soviet Union , the country ’s nuclear infrastructure was consolidated into facilities within Russia , often with lax security and accounting procedures .
Accounting has since improved , and the country is now thought to have around 145 metric tons of weapons - grade plutonium .
But with more than 140 nuclear reactors of varying levels of security throughout the country , many analysts think it ’s a near - certainty that some has slipped through the cracks .
JEAN - PAUL BARBIER /AFP / Getty Images
HAITI ’S DEATH TOLL
What we know we do n’t know : Estimates of the victims claimed by Haiti ’s devastating Jan. 12 earthquake range from President René Préval ’s 300,000 to the “ well under 100,000 ” put forth by a skeptical Dutch news agency .
The big round numbers should be a hint that no one really has any idea .
Why we do n’t know it : Death - toll numbers frequently swing wildly for a few weeks after natural disasters .
But in Haiti , where an unstable government had little grasp of the country ’s population under the best of circumstances , the challenge was far greater .
The lack of resources also meant that most attention was paid to the living , while dead bodies were often disposed of haphazardly with little documentation .
Some citizens have even accused the government of deliberately inflating casualty numbers to attract more foreign aid .
FRED DUFOUR / AFP / Getty Images
Kanye . Ke$ha .
Al Qaeda .
History 's greatest monsters all have something in common - beyond their insatiable appetites for human blood .
They 've all used the " autotune " voice - shaping software to make their otherwise sucky voices sound all cool and computer-y .
That 's right , " Asadaullah Alshishani , " the pseudononymous contributor to a number of English - language jihadi forums , has recorded a song , " Amir of the Ansar , " devoted to Osama Bin Laden using a rudimentary form of autotune .
And it's as craptastic as the description sounds .
Alshishani even asks forgiveness for " its poor quality . "
With lyrical gems like " Amir of the Ansaar / How beautiful you are !/ Your sword gleams in the sun / Like a shining star " the apology is much needed .
The song was recorded on May 15 while Alshishani was , as he describes , " high on a mountain top . "
It 's unclear at press time whether that description applied to his physical or mental altitude .
This is n't the first time someone has tried to use contemporary music for extremist propaganda .
Just last week , the world got yet another hit single featuring Abu Mansoor al - Ameriki , an American member of Somalia 's Shabaab al - Mujahideen , rapping into an echo mike for the greater glory of jihad .
We 've seen this kind of storyline before .
People freak out about [ insert societal phenomenon here ] luring young folks into antisocial behavior through rebellious music .
In the 70s and 80s it was punk and heavy metal .
In the 90s it was gangsta rap .
But being anti-establishment can only take you so far .
At some point you have to actually write good music .
Alshishani and Ameriki , however , suck .
Bad .
If this is the best jihadism has to offer , I think we can put our fears of a jihadi Sex Pistols to bed .
Download the Mp3 of " Amir of the Ansar " here .
[ Photo : via Donna ]
Comptez sur nos services de location de voiture à Héraklion pour profiter au maximum de votre séjour en Crète .
Notre agence de location de voiture à Héraklion
Présente sur toute l’île de Crète , Rental Center Crete dispose d’une agence de location de voiture tout près du centre - ville d’Héraklion .
Notre agence d’Héraklion est ouverte tous les jours de la semaine de 8h00 à 21h00 .
Notre équipe dévouée vous y attend pour vous fournir un véhicule qui répondra à toutes vos attentes .
Pour plus de commodité , nous pouvons également vous remettre la voiture à votre lieu de séjour .
De nombreux clients de notre service de location de voitures à Héraklion préfèrent retirer leur voiture à leur hôtel .
Vous trouverez aussi une agence de location de voiture Rental Center Crete à l’aéroport de Héraklion .
En outre , nous disposons d’agences à La Canée ( ville et aéroport ) , à Gouves et à Agia Pelagia .
Pourquoi choisir Rental Center Crete ?
Nos clients font appel à Rental Center Crete pour la location de voiture à Héraklion pour plusieurs raisons :
Un service tout compris , sans frais cachés
Rental Center Crete , c’est un service de location de voiture tout compris .
Vous profitez d’un service de location de voiture sans frais cachés et sans franchise .
Nos taux incluent kilométrage illimité , assurance tous risques , assurance contre le vol , et bien plus encore ,
Réservez maintenant et payez sur place , en espèces ou par carte bancaire , sans dépenser un sous de plus que le prix indiqué au moment de la réservation ,
Une entreprise reconnue et de confiance
Nous fournissons un service de location de voiture en Crète depuis 1975 et mettons un point d’honneur à satisfaire nos clients .
Consultez les avis de nos clients ici .
Rapport qualité / prix
En choisissant Rental Center Crete pour la location de voiture à Héraklion , vous vous assurez de profiter d’un service de qualité supérieure à prix abordable .
Ample choix de véhicules
Vous pourrez choisir parmi toute une sélection de voitures pour tous les budgets .
Notre parc automobile est équipé de véhicules récents qui font tous l’objet d’un entretien rigoureux .
La plupart des grands constructeurs automobiles européens sont représentés .
Nous mettons les types de véhicules suivants à votre disposition :
Voiture / Break
Voiture / Break Camionnette / Monospace
Camionnette / Monospace Véhicule de sport
Véhicule de sport Véhicule tout terrain
Véhicule tout terrain Cabriolet
Cabriolet Jeep / 4x4 / SUV
Plus une plus grande commodité , notre site web vous permet de consulter notre catalogue de voitures disponibles à la location à Héraklion .
Flexibilité
Vous pouvez retirer et retourner votre voiture de location à tout heure .
Sachez également que vous pouvez annuler votre réservation jusqu’à 48 heures avant l’heure de retrait du véhicule .
Visitez Héraklion en voiture
Nos services de location de voiture à Héraklion vous feront découvrir l’une des villes les plus belles et les plus diverses de toute la Grèce .
La location d’une voiture à Héraklion vous permettra de vous rendre facilement à de nombreuses attractions , parmi lesquelles :
Le fameux palais de Knossos , situé à 5 km au sud-est d’Héraklion .
Il y a un grand parking gratuit tout près de l’entrée du site .
Vous pourrez y garer votre voiture de location à l’ombre des oliviers .
Il y a un grand parking gratuit tout près de l’entrée du site .
Vous pourrez y garer votre voiture de location à l’ombre des oliviers .
Le musée archéologique .
Vous pourrez garer votre voiture au parking central , facilement accessible .
On peut y laisser sa voiture toute une journée pour quelques euros .
Vous pourrez garer votre voiture au parking central , facilement accessible .
On peut y laisser sa voiture toute une journée pour quelques euros .
Le musée historique de Crète .
Un parking municipal se trouve juste en face du musée .
Un parking municipal se trouve juste en face du musée .
La Cathédrale Saint - Minas .
Il est possible de se garer au parking Thiseos , situé à 2 minutes .
Il est possible de se garer au parking Thiseos , situé à 2 minutes .
Le port de Héraklion et sa forteresse vénitienne de Koules .
Le port est équipé d’un parking , lequel est muni de places pour les personnes à mobilité réduite .
Visitez la Crète depuis Héraklion
Héraklion est très bien reliée au reste de l’île .
C’est un point de départ rêvé pour explorer la plupart des attractions de Crète .
Louer une voiture à Héraklion vous permettra de visiter le reste de l’île à votre rythme , sans avoir à craindre de manquer votre bus et sans dépenser une fortune en frais de taxi .
La Crète est l'un des endroits les plus visités dans le monde entier .
En louant une voiture , vous n’aurez cependant pas de problèmes pour vos déplacer sur l’île .
Nous vous conseillons toutefois de préparer votre séjour à l ’avance et de réserver votre voiture de location avant votre arrivée à Héraklion .
Pensez à utiliser le GPS de votre voiture de location pour explorer les environs et vous aventurer vers des lieux au charme rare sur toute l’île .
Voici une sélection de routes et de lieux à explorer au volant de votre voiture :
Arpentez la route nationale 90 /E75 ( Ethniki Odos Lasithiou ) , qui longe toute la côte nord de l’île de Crète .
En empruntant cette même route , vous pourrez rejoindre La Canée ( Chaniá ) , la seconde ville de l’île .
Comptez un peu plus de 2 heures de trajet .
N’hésitez pas à vous attarder dans la charmante ville de Réthymnon , située à mi-parcours entre Héraklion et La Canée .
À une bonne trentaine de kilomètres d’Héraklion se trouve Malia et son célèbre palais , la troisième capitale de la Crète antique .
Visitez le Cretaquarium Thalassocosmos , un gigantesque aquarium situé dans la ville de Gournes , à 15 kilomètres environ d’Héraklion .
L’aquarium dispose d’un parking gratuit .
Allez vous rafraichir au parc aquatique Acqua Plus ( à Chersonisos ) .
Héraklion est située à 67 km de Matala , populaire station balnéaire du sud de l’île .
N’hésitez pas à longer la côte pour profiter des belles plages de Kommos et de Kalamaki .
Sur le chemin entre Héraklion et Matala , vous trouverez le site archéologique du palais de Phaistos .
Vous pourrez vous garer gratuitement à proximité .
Vous serez surpris par la beauté et l'extravagance de la Crète , lieu fascinant où le beau temps est toujours garanti .
La location d’une voiture à Héraklion vous permettra de visiter tous les endroits qui figurent sur votre plan de vacances mais aussi d’improviser et de découvrir des lieux uniques et moins accessibles sur un coup de tête .
Louez votre voiture à Héraklion avec Rental Center Crete et profitez de votre séjour en toute liberté .
First , the meeting :
I arrived a bit late but had n't missed much .
Gabor was in the middle of explaining the benefits of getting Perl on Android .
He went over a lot of API examples , showing code and explaining and doing a damn goo job at it !
After that , I tried to explain how to install the Android emulator on a Linux machine , configure it and run it .
My slides were n't displaying properly on the projector so it was annoying to explain and probably harder to understand .
Then Shmuel went over perl512delta and explained to us the bigger differences and their implications .
He said " ... because someone had to do it " - and I 'm happy someone did .
Regarding more Perl on Android :
I 've created a github repo for Android Perl scripts in which Gabor and I will be able to go over the API calls , prove what works , what does n't , discover bugs , fix stuff and even write up examples that hopefully will be merged back into ASE ( Android Scripting Environment ) - the component that allows Perl to run on Android .
You 're all welcome to help with that !
I 've ported test.py - a script that tests the Android Python support - to test.pl .
Using those tests , I 've discovered at least one bug in Android.pm ( the module with which you access Android ) - fixed here .
Also , using the test I 've discovered two more issues , which I 've written down here .
Tomorrow I 'll be opening tickets with ASE for all of these issues .
Once they are solved , I could work on adding test.pl along with Try : : Tiny ( which it depends on ) to ASE sample Perl scripts .
What we still need are more examples which will also uncover more bugs .
So .... either with ideas or with actions - care to help ?
A Napier church that received thousands of dollars in donations from a disabled rest home resident has returned the money .
Bruce Collingwood , from Oasis Elim Church , has returned money donated by Whetu Abraham over the last two years , Elim Church of New Zealand has announced .
Spokesman Chris Bethwaite would not reveal how much money the church had refunded to the Otatara Rest Care and Rehabilitation rest home resident , but said it was only money that was recorded as coming from Mr Abraham .
'' Mr Abraham may have donated more funds in cash amounts , but did not identify himself as the giver , so there is no way for the church to identify this , '' he said .
It appeared Mr Abraham may have given away more than he should have , given his circumstances , he said .
" The church had queried with Mr Abraham about his giving and he was adamant that he wanted to give the funds to the church .
The funds returned today have been done so as an act of good will . ''
The decision to refund the money came after The Dominion Post revealed the church took nearly $ 12,000 from Mr Abraham last year and about $ 10,000 in 2008 .
Mr Abraham , 54 , is a partial tetraplegic with head injuries incurred when he was hit by a car in 1986 .
He could not afford dental care for his rotting teeth .
“ Do you know how Germany is doing ? ” asked the driver as soon as I got into the car .
“ Yes , they just scored a goal , not playing very well really ” I said .
The car driver pulled out a piece of paper and took note of the result .
The remis driver ( informal taxi ) would sure check the results when at home and see who would most probably be our next soccer adversary in the 2010 World Cup tournament .
Soccer is a big thing in Argentina .
Its always been that way .
Specially during the world cup , kids do n’t even go to school that day if the match takes place during school hours , and even at jobs only the most tyrannical employers will forbid workers from watching the game or at least keep track of it on internet or radio .
You see very few cars on the streets , few people walking around .
Even if you ’re the strangest Argentine person in the planet , you ’d be wise to stay at home during the matches when Argentina plays :
There ’s so few people and so little police presence ( or none ) that more professional criminals that resist their passion for soccer will take advantage of the opportunity and commit robberies and other crimes .
I ca n’t help thinking why it is this way , why is soccer ( or futbol as we call it here , slang for football ) so important for people .
I guess it has something to do with poverty and the social situation here .
Its always been a big thing , even during the good times , but when a person is poor , his life quality went to hell , its easy to see why soccer is so important .
For some people , their team winning a tournament is the only happy event in a very long time .
This is something that repeats itself in most Latin American countries .
Because of this , soccer is a matter of state .
In a country where the population ’s discomfort is so great , its politically important that the team goes well .
If Argentina wins matches , people are happy and less likely to protest or notice ( or care ) that much about inflation or crime , concentrating on celebrating the team ’s victories instead .
Its common for the senate and president to approve very unpopular measures or laws precisely during the time when Argentina is playing an important match .
People are concentrated on something else and before people and the media take notice its already a done deal .
“ Bread and Circus ” as the Romans used to say .
In some cases , circus alone is enough .
Circus and cheap drugs .
The drugs are already cheap and abundant ( and of awful quality of course , junk like Paco that kills people quicker than any other drug )
About the circus part , the Kirchner government took measures as well :
In a country of such poverty as Argentina , they ’ve used 250 million dollars were spent to ensure the previously pay per view matches to be free for everyone .
The program was called “ Football para Todos ” ( Football for everyone ) 250 million dollars , the tax payers money , many of them very poor , that money is spent on making pay per view free .
So maybe you have a hard time putting food on the table , maybe you are one of the millions of unemployed , but you can rest assured your tax money is being spent in important things , such as ensuring free soccer TV for the fans out there .
Maybe you sort of prefer lower taxes , specially when it comes to making food cheaper .
Heck , maybe you do n’t give a damn about soccer .
Thank God you have the Argentine government to spend your money wisely for you instead of throwing it away on silly stuff like milk or medicine for your kids .
FerFAL
Follow us on Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
GLOBAL : World fails to meet biodiversity target Tweet The world 's leaders have failed to deliver on a pledge to reduce the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010 , scientists say .
In a study published in
The pledge to reduce the rate of loss was made in the 2002 Convention on Biological Diversity and the research is the first to gauge progress towards the goal .
" Our analysis shows that governments have failed to deliver on the commitments they made in 2002 .
Biodiversity is still being lost as fast as ever , and we have made little headway in reducing the pressures on species , habitats and ecosystems , " said Dr Stuart Butchart of the United Nations Environment Programme World Conservation Monitoring Centre and BirdLife International , and the paper 's lead author .
" [ This year ] will not be the year that biodiversity loss was halted but it needs to be the year we start taking the issue seriously and substantially increase our efforts to take care of what is left of our planet . "
The research was based on more than 30 indicators , including changes in species ' populations and risk of extinction , habitat extent and community composition .
The researchers also included the Ecological Footprint , which measures the aggregate demand that human activities , through consumption of resources and emission of carbon dioxide , place on ecosystems and species .
They found no evidence of a significant reduction in the rate of decline of biodiversity and noted that the pressures facing biodiversity continued to increase .
" A better understanding of the connections between the Ecological Footprint and biodiversity loss is fundamental to slowing , halting and reversing the ongoing declines in these ecosystems and in populations of wild species , " said Dr Alessandro Galli , senior scientist for Global Footprint Network and co-author of the study .
Among the drivers of threats to biodiversity are human demands for food , water , energy and materials , Gallia said .
The threats include climate change , pollution , habitat loss , as well as over - exploitation of resources and species .
" Since 1970 , we have reduced animal populations by 30 % , the area of mangroves and sea grasses by 20 % and the coverage of living corals by 40 % , " said the United Nations Environment Programme 's chief scientist Professor Joseph Alcamo .
" These losses are clearly unsustainable , since biodiversity makes a key contribution to human well - being and sustainable development . "
The world 's leaders have failed to deliver on a pledge to reduce the rate of biodiversity loss by 2010 , scientists say .
In a study published in Science , researchers said governments had instead presided over alarming declines in biodiversity .
The pledge to reduce the rate of loss was made in the 2002 Convention on Biological Diversity and the research is the first to gauge progress towards the goal .
" Our analysis shows that governments have failed to deliver on the commitments they made in 2002 .
Biodiversity is still being lost as fast as ever , and we have made little headway in reducing the pressures on species , habitats and ecosystems , " said Dr Stuart Butchart of the United Nations Environment Programme World Conservation Monitoring Centre and BirdLife International , and the paper 's lead author . " [ This year ] will not be the year that biodiversity loss was halted but it needs to be the year we start taking the issue seriously and substantially increase our efforts to take care of what is left of our planet .
"
The research was based on more than 30 indicators , including changes in species ' populations and risk of extinction , habitat extent and community composition .
The researchers also included the Ecological Footprint , which measures the aggregate demand that human activities , through consumption of resources and emission of carbon dioxide , place on ecosystems and species .
They found no evidence of a significant reduction in the rate of decline of biodiversity and noted that the pressures facing biodiversity continued to increase .
" A better understanding of the connections between the Ecological Footprint and biodiversity loss is fundamental to slowing , halting and reversing the ongoing declines in these ecosystems and in populations of wild species , " said Dr Alessandro Galli , senior scientist for Global Footprint Network and co-author of the study .
Among the drivers of threats to biodiversity are human demands for food , water , energy and materials , Gallia said .
The threats include climate change , pollution , habitat loss , as well as over - exploitation of resources and species .
" Since 1970 , we have reduced animal populations by 30 % , the area of mangroves and sea grasses by 20 % and the coverage of living corals by 40 % , " said the United Nations Environment Programme 's chief scientist Professor Joseph Alcamo .
" These losses are clearly unsustainable , since biodiversity makes a key contribution to human well - being and sustainable development . "
Follow University World News on Facebook
Receive UWN 's free weekly e-newsletters
Montréal octobre-14-2020 1.1
Diagnostics et traitements des blessures du coureur : aspects pratiques Montréal octobre -15-2020 1.2
Exercices thérapeutiques en course à pied Montréal octobre - 16-2020 1.9 Périnatalité et santé abdomino - pelvienne en course à pied Montréal octobre - 16-2020 1.3
La prise en charge du pied du coureur Montréal octobre - 17- 2020 1.0 Nouveautés dans la prévention des blessures en course à pied
DERNIERS ARTICLES
Course à pied - Enfants septembre -09- 2020
La course à pied chez les enfants : conseils Course à pied - Enfants août-18-2020 Maxim Goupil : jeune , coureur et prometteur !
Blessures - Performance juin -03-2020 Docteur !
L’orthèse plantaire n’a pas guéri mon pied plat Blessures - Performance mai-27-2020
Tendinopathie ou dysfonction du tendon tibial postérieur ?
Une pathologie pas comme les autres ( Partie 2/2 ) Blessures - Performance mai-27-2020
Tendinopathie ou dysfonction du tendon tibial postérieur ?
Une pathologie pas comme les autres ( Partie 1/2 )
NHL 11 is bringing the thunder .
For the past few years EA has dominated the NHL game space , knocking 2 K 's weaker efforts into the boards again and again .
This year may just lock up the NHL crown for good .
This year , EA flips the switch on physics , doing away with all the canned animations of the past .
Every jarring hit , every deke , every scuffle against the boards is physics - based .
This is hockey as God and Canada intended it .
The +new+age+of+faceoffs .
All+physics,+all+the+time .
EA is n't showing off these physics working in a game , so it 's always possible that they get tuned wrong and it just annoys the hell out of you .
But I did get to play around in a 1 - on - 1 practice mode , which gave me a chance to see how the new physics engine created a better hockey experience .
NHL 11 has powerful hits , sloppy hits , minor hits , trips , knock downs , tangles -- pretty much anything you could imagine seeing when two bodies collide at high speeds .
The hits are all dynamic , based on a player 's speed , their height and weight , and the angle of impact .
If a stout defender is low and a speedy forward slams into them , the defender may flip them .
Flip them for real .
Barrel into someone against the boards and you 'll see their head slam against the glass and snap back .
The severity of these hits also factors into injuries , so it 's not just for show .
With all these bodies flying around , you might be wondering what happens to the sticks in people 's hands .
These are no longer glued to the player and can be knocked out of hands or broken .
If you lose your stick , you are n't toast .
You can still skate around and try and clear space for your team .
Or your teammate might pick up your stick and bring it to you and if your buddy has his broken , you can come from the bench with a replacement for him .
And you will want a stick in your hand .
Let 's say you are near the goal , get hit as you are scrambling for a rebound , fall to the ice and see the puck just out of reach .
You can now flick your stick , to smack the puck in desperation .
Who knows , you may just poke it in .
In game , the physics are meant to allow for more varied game strategies .
A physical team will be able to truly push around a leaner , faster team .
It wo n't just be a bunch of silly looking checks .
This should add more significance to how you use your lines .
You 'll not only have to think about having your best skill players out against the opponent 's best line , but also consider the physicality and speed you 'll need to match .
EA also improved the faceoff system , making it useful and interesting and not a game of chance .
You can do pretty much anything you might see in a real NHL game during faceoffs .
Push a guy off the puck and then let your teammate snatch it .
Knock an opponent 's stick away then backhand the puck to your teammate .
You can even deke right out of a faceoff or shoot the puck on the draw .
One last addition :
The CHL has been added this year .
Every CHL team and all of the current top prospects are in the game .
In Be A Pro mode , you start as an 18 - year - old in the CHL , playing for the Memorial Cup .
After the Championship game , it 's off to be drafted .
EA 's keeping mum on any other changes to Be A Pro mode , but here 's hoping the career progression system gets a major overhaul .
I only got a brief look at NHL 11 , but it looks like EA has stepped up its game once again .
The new physics system is great and should change the way NHL 11 is played ( for the better ) .
Look for impressions of the physics engine in action during a full game next week at
LOS ANGELES
NEARLY everything in Christopher Nolan ’s world is more than it appears to be .
In his hands his 2000 feature “ Memento ” became not only a taut thriller with a catchy psychological gimmick but also a calling card to a career of cinematic independence .
His most recent film , “ The Dark Knight , ” was not just a big - budget summer movie about a vigilante in a bat costume , but also a meditation on heroism and terrorism .
Even the deceptively quaint home he keeps on an unassuming block in Hollywood has a dual identity : it doubles as his residence and the bunker where he has been finishing his first film since “ The Dark Knight , ” which in 2008 earned the all - time highest domestic gross for a motion picture not made by James Cameron .
Yet for all the fanfare that will accompany Mr. Nolan ’s new film , “ Inception , ” when Warner Brothers releases it on July 16 , most of its intended viewers will know almost nothing about it .
At Mr. Nolan ’s preference , trailers for “ Inception ” have shown little more than snippets of its star , Leonardo DiCaprio , and a nattily attired supporting cast in slow - motion action sequences .
Intensifying the fantastical quality of these disconnected moments and their vaguely modern settings is the revelation that they are taking place inside a dream .
With these few bread crumbs Mr. Nolan and his studio are confident that their opaque and costly film will lure large crowds .
They are betting that moviegoers have come to regard Mr. Nolan as a director who combines intimate emotions with outsize imagination and seemingly limitless resources  a blockbuster auteur who has made bigness his medium .
As we 've discussed before , the " Batman XXX " porn parody blew our minds a little bit when we saw the last trailer , with its high production values and startling level of authenticity with the old Adam West television show .
Well , the next trailer has made its way to the web , and it 's full of go - go dancing , manic villains , and Batman and Robin scaling the side of building on ropes where the camera is obviously just turned on its side .
Again , we can't believe we 're saying this , but this looks really good .
And thanks to the launch of Vivid 's entire superhero line , there are many more on the way .
Check out the SFW video after the jump .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Stobart driver Matthew Wilson has urged rally organisers to stop mixing stages with asphalt and gravel roads .
The Briton was frustrated at Rally New Zealand 's decision to include longer stretches of asphalt road - particularly in the Franklin stage , where the first five miles was on sealed surfaces .
" I just do n't get it , " said Wilson .
" I will defend Rally New Zealand right down the line , it 's a great event on some of the best roads in the world .
But those roads are gravel , why stick a chunk of tarmac in at the start ?
To make matters worse , the [ asphalt ] road ran alongside the gravel road we had used previously on this stage .
" To me , it just does n't make any sense , it 's spoiling the character of some great rallies .
It 's not like an event like Rally New Zealand needs to add to the spectacle , is it ? "
Wilson said he was disappointed at Rally GB 's decision to follow the current trend , running asphalt on the Saturday stages over the Epynt military ranges .
" We 'll all be running the cars in gravel trim , " he said , " so all you 'll get is the car rolling around , high up on the suspension , on gravel tyres .
It does n't really make sense to me . "
Wilson advocated the move the Cyprus Rally made last season , when the Limssol - based event ran an entire day on asphalt .
" You can work with the car a little bit when you 're doing a whole day on asphalt , " said Wilson .
" Cyprus was okay , it was interesting .
" For me , and I know this wo n't go down well from a cost perspective , but if we 're going to run these split - format rallies , let 's do it properly , like Sanremo used to be ; changing the cars from gravel to asphalt specification overnight .
That was a real challenge and a great event . "
Today is number fifteen in our Web Interface showcase !
As it seemed quite popular , I will be leaving my thoughts and suggestions to all layouts and logotypes featured each week with adding a few critiques along the way that will hopefully guide the designer into making their designs even better !
We are also proud to say that we have some fresh work from some new designers that have n’t be featured in any of our previous showcases on nenuno .
So please leave a comment with your thoughts on the designs selected this week and also do you agree with my our comments on the designs ?
Please note that clicking on the screenshot below will take you to the full sized version and giving you the option to view the designers full portfolio .
Elegance – Portfolio and Blog by justcollapse
Elegance is a beautiful multi-coloured theme .
Making great use of bokeh gradients on a dark backdrop .
The only critique for this interface would be vertical spacers in the content slider as they do feel out place with the rest of the design .
Mkastelov v.3 by The Drake92
This is one of the most simplest and yet most effective designs this week .
Making great use of custom fonts and well positioned content .
encore by noc0mment
Spacescapes in designs are becoming more and more popular I have noticed , not many interfaces can pull it off but works perfectly in “ encore ” .
I would love to see this coded .
Thought Beans by deviant - bacha
This design in my opinion just looks so smooth !
The colour scheme blends well with the content and I am loving the “ circle effects ” that are featured around the interface .
My only criticism would be to change the colour of the yellow boxes or to change them to small arrows .
Phenom Studios by Revoken
A very simple yet effective blog interface that could be used in any environment .
The colour scheme looks like it can be changed quite easily which will give you an array of options to choose from .
My only criticism is to remove or re-position the social network icons in the header .
Super radio by lakinkley
I think this is the first time we have showcased a Radio portal on nenuno !
I love the block feel for the content and if it was to be widgetized to give the user the freedom to move the content to where they wanted it would give more user interaction .
HITECH by finesy
E -commerce designs are becoming very popular on nenuno , each week we tend to feature at least one !
This week is no exception with a simple yet effective design showcasing IT products .
SukaSuka by foxstep
You have probably already noticed that I love simple and clean e-commerce designs and this is no exception .
I love the category selection with the small icon displaying what each category represents .
Nes -Games.net by kibus
A fantastic example of a flash games portal , giving users the chance to replay some of their favourite childhood games ( in my case that is ! ) .
I am not sure why they picked Zelda The Wind Waker for the header graphics as it was a Gamecube game , but it does work well in this design regardless !
On a side note , we are looking for some of your contributions !
Got something creative to share with the community ?
Now is the perfect time to get involved !
Learn more about Contributing .
On Friday a spokesman for Transocean said he could n't confirm or deny whether the conversation took place .
He was unable to make Harrell available for an interview .
During hearings held late last month by the Coast Guard and the Minerals Management Service , Harrell denied any conflicts with his BP or Transocean bosses .
He said that he did not feel pressured to rush the completion of the well , even though the rig had fallen behind schedule .
Yet Buzbee 's claims add weight to other statements that contradict Harrell 's version of events .
Testifying before the Coast Guard and MMS panel last month , Douglas Brown , the chief mechanic on the Deepwater Horizon , said that on the morning of the day that the rig exploded Harrell had a " skirmish " over drilling procedures during a meeting with BP's " company man , " well site leader Robert Kaluza .
" I remember the company man saying this is how it 's going to be , " Brown told the panel .
As Harrell was leaving the meeting , according to Brown , " He pretty much grumbled , ' I guess that 's what we have those pincers for , ' " referring to the blowout preventer on the sea floor that is supposed to be the last resort to prevent a leak in the event of an emergency .
The blowout preventer failed following the explosion on the rig , causing the massive spill .
( Transocean 's chief electronics technician , Mike Williams , also recalled the argument but named a different BP " company man , " BP 's top official on the rig , Donald Vidrine ) .
In a statement to the Wall Street Journal , Transocean appeared to back the claims that Harrell had feuded with BP : " The testimony certainly seems to suggest that [ Harrell ] disagreed with the operator 's instructions , but what those were and why he disagreed are matters that will ultimately be determined during the course of investigations . "
Other rig workers have also claimed that they were pressured by BP and their supervisors to cut corners .
Transocean roustabout Truitt Crawford told the Coast Guard that he overheard senior management saying that BP was " taking shortcuts " by replacing drilling mud in the well with saltwater , which would have provided less weight to contain the well 's surging pressure .
Transocean 's Williams told 60 Minutes that a supervisor had dismissed evidence that the well 's blowout preventer had been damaged .
And workers with Halliburton , the well 's cementing contractor , had complained that BP 's use of cement " was against our best practices " and told the oil company that it would likely have " a SEVERE gas flow problem " unless the well 's casings were centered more carefully .
Buzbee told Mother Jones that the sailor 's version of Harrell 's phone conversation following the explosion was corroborated by a statement from a second crew member who says he also overheard the call .
Both statements were taken in - person by Buzbee 's investigator and safety consultant , who has interviewed some 60 people involved in the disaster , and signed by the witnesses , he said .
Buzbee declined to make the full statements available to Mother Jones because , he said , " it is work product , meaning that it is something that I do not have to produce or disclose in litigation but that can be used at the right time in the litigation . "
He added that he intends to take a deposition from the crew members at a later time .
Penguins head coach Dan Bylsma will have to make a change to his 2010 - 11 coaching staff after it was announced on Wednesday that assistant coach Mike Yeo is leaving to become the new head coach of the Houston Aeros of the American Hockey League .
Houston is the Minnesota Wild ’s top minor - league affiliate .
Penguins head coach Dan Bylsma ( right ) and the rest of the Pittsburgh organization were pleased to hear Mike Yeo named head coach of the Houston Aeros .
Credit - Getty Images
This will be the first head coaching gig for the 36 - year - old North Bay , Ontario native following four - plus seasons behind the bench for the Penguins .
During
Yeo ’s tenure he helped transform the Penguins from the league ’s second - worst outfit in ’05 - 06 to Stanley Cup champions in ’09 .
Bylsma thanked
Yeo for his hard work and dedication to the Penguins organization while also talking about how he believes
Yeo is ready to lead his own team .
“ I am really pleased for Mike Yeo , ” Bylsma said .
“ We all have aspirations and Mike has them to be a head coach .
He has had the opportunity to learn here and in Wilkes - Barre / Scranton with different head coaches .
You can see the progression and the quality of coach that he is .
For him to get recognized and get that opportunity in a place where people know he is a quality person is great for Mike .
” Penguins general manager Ray Shero echoed Bylsma ’s sentiments .
“ This is a fantastic opportunity for him and his family in the American Hockey League , ” Shero said .
“ I talked to Mike the past couple of years about his career goals and ( eventually ) becoming a head coach in the National Hockey League .
We talked about this being a path he might have to take .
I am very happy for Mike .
He was a big contributor to our staff and a huge reason why we won a Stanley Cup .
” Shero said the Penguins are in no rush to find a replacement for Yeo .
Right now Shero has asked Bylsma , Granato , goaltending coach Gilles Meloche and assistant to the general manager Tom Fitzgerald to think of prospective candidates to talk to as the offseason progresses .
“ We will put together a list of candidates , ” Shero said .
“ We will look at our criteria and look to fill that void in the future .
” While working closely with Yeo the past year and a half in Pittsburgh , Bylsma has come to appreciate the strengths
Yeo will take with him to Houston .
“ Mike has a great work ethic , ” Bylsma described .
“ He takes great pride in his own work as well as the players around him .
He is also a guy who is willing to learn and grow .
He has shown that .
He has been able to take what he ’s learned from Michel Therrien and what he learned ( as a player ) in the American Hockey League and added to what we have done here in Pittsburgh alongside myself and ( assistant coach ) Tony ( Granato ) .
That is why he has continued to grow and will continue to be successful .
” Yeo will be reunited in with current Wild general manager Chuck Fletcher , who served as assistant general manager of the Penguins between 2005 - 08 , and Wild head coach Todd Richards , who was the WBS head coach from 2006 - 08 .
“ At his age the time is right for him , ” Shero said .
“ He has a relationship with Chuck Fletcher and Todd Richards in Minnesota , plus he played in Houston for a number of years and was a really popular player there .
This is great news for his development .
The AHL is a great league for coaches to develop .
” In addition to knowing people within the front office , Yeo might also have the chance to coach several players with ties to the Penguins organization who spent time with the Aeros last season in forwards Andy Hilbert , Nathan Smith and Jean - Michel Daoust and defenseman Ryan Lannon .
Yeo will be making a homecoming with the Aeros as he replaces former Penguins head coach Kevin Constantine , whose contract was not renewed following three seasons behind the Houston bench .
During his playing days
Yeo spent five seasons with the Aeros between 1994 - 95 and ’98-99 when the team was a member of the now - defunct International Hockey League .
He was the captain of the ’99 squad which captured the Turner Cup championship .
Yeo ’s coaching career began the next season when a knee injury ended his playing days just 19 games into his first season with the Baby Penguins in 1999 .
At just 26 years of age , Yeo was asked by then - WBS head coach Glenn Patrick to serve as an assistant coach with the team , a spot he retained when Therrien took over behind the bench prior to the ’03 - 04 campaign .
Yeo spent five full seasons and parts of two others as an assistant at WBS before accepting his first NHL coaching assignment on Dec. 15 , 2005 when Therrien was promoted to Pittsburgh to replace Eddie Olczyk .
During
Yeo ’s time with the Baby Penguins , WBS made two runs to the Calder Cup Final ( 2000 - 01 and ’ 03-04 ) .
Combine that with back - to - back Stanley Cup Final appearances with the Penguins , including a championship in ’09 , and Yeo has certainly proven himself capable of leading a team deep into the postseason .
Shero and Bylsma both believe that Yeo ’s penchant for winning probably helped to play a factor in Fletcher ’s decision to give
Yeo his first head - coaching opportunity .
“ There are not too many people who have a Stanley Cup on their resume and can also say they worked with players like ( Sidney ) Crosby and ( Evgeni ) Malkin , ” Shero said .
“ He also worked with many of our younger players and helped develop them to play in Pittsburgh .
” “ He now has a lot of experience to take with him winning hockey games and being a Stanley Cup champion and working with the best players in the game , ” Bylsma added .
“ All of those experiences are going to suit him well being a head coach . ”
As public anger and frustration rose over the spill , which was on course to be the worst in US history , President Barack Obama prepared to extend for six months the moratorium on permits for new deepwater oil drilling while a commission investigates the Gulf spill .
Submitted by Norm Roulet on Sun , 06/20/2010 - 07:41 .
WASHINGTON , D.C. —
It was announced today that Sativex , a cannabinoid - based liquid medicine sprayed under the tongue , has been approved for use in Great Britain to help treat the muscle spasticity suffered by multiple sclerosis patients .
Sativex is a natural marijuana extract that is produced by British - based GW Pharmaceuticals .
It has been approved for use in Canada to treat neuropathic pain since 2005 .
“ Once again , the scientific community has confirmed that marijuana is medicine and it can provide safe and effective relief to patients suffering from certain conditions , ” said Rob Kampia , executive director of the Marijuana Policy Project .
“ Sadly , our federal government , through the Drug Enforcement Administration , has blocked effective research into the therapeutic effectiveness of marijuana .
The United States could be leading the world in the development of cannabinoid - based medicines , but instead our government has ceded this industry to the U.K. , while intentionally prolonging the agony of patients in this country . ”
The Food and Drug Administration has already approved the pill Marinol , which contains marijuana ’s main psychoactive component , THC , for medical use in the United States , but unlike Sativex , Marinol does not contain all of marijuana ’s more than 60 different cannabinoids , and therefore does n’t offer the full therapeutic potential of marijuana .
Among patients , Marinol is notoriously ineffective .
“ The good news is that this announcement buttresses our argument that marijuana is an effective medicine .
To have liquid marijuana legal for medical use but marijuana illegal would be like having coffee legal but coffee beans illegal , ” Kampia added .
Medical marijuana is currently legal in 14 U.S. states and the District of Columbia .
This year more than a dozen state legislatures considered or are considering medical marijuana laws .
With more than 124,000 members and supporters nationwide , the Marijuana Policy Project is the largest marijuana policy reform organization in the United States .
For more information , please visit www.mpp.org.
Britain Approves Liquid Marijuana as Prescription Medicine
Already Legal in Canada , Sativex Now Approved for Treating Multiple Sclerosis Patients in Great Britain
REBECCA Marie Coulter hangs out in the city on weekends , drinking and dancing her way through the club scene like many women her age .
Sadly , like thousands of her peers , the teenager has also been involved in the ugliness of the growing " ladette " culture .
In November last year , the 18 - year - old pushed a complete stranger into a wall , punched her repeatedly in the face and then bashed her with her shoes .
It was one of the thousands of female - initiated crimes reported to police each year - a number Victims of Crime Commissioner Michael O'Connell says is growing because Adelaide has the " perfect climate " for violence .
" South Australia 's weather and culture means you can party 365 days a year , to very late at night , while consuming large quantities of drugs and alcohol , " he said .
" Changes in lifestyle have seen more women out in public places - meaning more victims and perpetrators - and the nightclub precinct is concentrated in a very small area . "
" You have people fighting for that small space and problems becoming exaggerated . . . it's the perfect climate in which violent crime can happen . "
But East Adelaide local service area commander Superintendent John Thomas said that climate could be changed .
" It 's not just a matter of people behaving badly and coppers locking them up .
It puts enormous strain on our emergency services , " Supt Thomas said .
" Why should the public pay a huge cost just so a few people can drink whenever they want ? "
Police statistics revealed in the Sunday Mail in April , show girls account for one - quarter of all assaults perpetrated by teenagers .
Girls aged between 10 and 19 committed 4211 crimes last year , a 43 per cent increase on the 2005 - 06 figure of 2925 .
Yesterday , Coulter pleaded guilty to the aggravated assault that police prosecutors said occurred at 12.30 am on November 8 .
They said that as Coulter and her friends made their way down Hindley St , they " exchanged words " with another group of girls .
Coulter then stepped in front of one young woman and pushed her into a wall .
Police said the victim was spat on and " kneed " in the stomach .
Coulter , they said , punched the girl in the face and arms , then took off her shoes and hit her victim in the head .
Coulter - who laughed at times when the prosecutor spoke - was quick to correct one part of the allegations .
" I did n't spit on her or knee her in the stomach , but I did the rest of it , " she said .
Magistrate Alfio Grasso asked Coulter why she had committed the assault .
" I 'm not really too sure , I had never met that girl before , " she said .
" I was drunk at the time . . . we 'd been to the Empire Pool Hall and Club 58 .
I do n't normally drink that much . "
Mr Grasso said he was prepared to accept that Coulter did not spit on the victim , nor strike her with her knee .
" If you had , I certainly would have considered imprisonment , " he said .
He fined Coulter $ 700 but did not record a conviction .
" This sort of offending is far too prevalent and ugly , to say the least , " he said .
" Miss Coulter , I 'm here to tell you that you cannot afford to ever touch a person again . "
Coulter replied : " I never will . "
Mr O'Connell said closing Hindley
St venues earlier would not solve the problem .
" You push more people into that small space ... and you create the very situation you tried to avoid , " he said .
Originally published as Ladettes the new face of crime
Podiatrists in Houston & Sugar Land TX
If you would like to see a family - friendly bilingual podiatrist in the Sugar Land , TX area , Dr. Marco A. Vargas or any of his associates can help .
129,000 + local residents have trusted us to heal their foot problems , and many of them now bring their children to see us at one of our full - time podiatry offices in Sugar Land or Houston , TX !
Leading podiatrist , Dr. Marco A. Vargas , along with his team , can obtain fast foot and ankle pain relief with no surgery in most cases .
In fact , 90 % of his patients say their feet feel much better – even at the very first visit !
All our podiatrists use advanced technologies like HyProCure , K - Laser and FootMaxx to help you or your child heal fast .
If you feel severe pain , call us now for a same day appointment !
Let our podiatrists employ our years of experience to successfully treat your sports injury or other foot or ankle problem so you can return to playing , partying and enjoying your family again !
J Watson experienced password complexity at its finest .
" I was searching for a news article in a specific country when I realized that there were two countries that I 've never heard about , " writes Brett Wilson
" I ordered a Demand Draft from ABN Amro Bank for EUDD - II 'GZB , " writes Ashish K Mondal , " after seeing the ' replaced with a ' , I felt confident that they take XSS quite seriously . "
" I suppose the first part of the error is odd enough , " writes Nicholas , " but the impossiBe situation makes any resistance futile ! "
" I was trying to check - in to my flight , " Timo writes , " the site asked for a booking code and nothing else .
Fulfilling that request , I was met with this curious cry of discontent . "
" I got this message when I inserted my Sandisk USB drive , " Reinier wrote , " I 'm not quite sure what it wants me to do . "
" I was setting up a StarWing iSCSI target , " Chris S writes , " and I put in my default testing password ( ' test123 password ' ) .
I guess it was way too short . "
Corné das Ottaar experienced this weird error ... err , message after a crash ?
" TODO , " writes Matthew , " remove ' Notes to Self ' from alert ( ) boxes . "
" I was changing the secret questions on my Yahoo account and got this , " Glenn J writes , " Error=puzzling . "
Tales from the Crypt The Mystery of Germany 's Aristocratic Mummies
When they died , Germany noble families of the 18th century did what the Egyptians had done before them :
They had themselves mummified .
As an increasing number of such well - preserved corpses are found , scientists are trying to find out why .
Wait , no .
That 's not right .
Korea is getting two Starcraft II jumbo jets .
To commemorate the impending release of the second Starcraft game , the first which is somewhat of a hit in South Korea , Korean Air has painted two of its Boeing 747 aircraft in Starcraft II livery .
Classy !
Advertisement
The move was unveiled at a big Starcraft media event in Korea earlier today , which also revealed a sponsorship deal with fast food chain Lotteria .
Also snapped from the event was this menu , which looks like it's the in - flight options for the aircraft in question .
Advertisement
UPDATE - Original reports indicated that a " tournament edition " of the game was also revealed , which would include LAN support for professional , televised matches in Korea .
Blizzard has since informed us this information is incorrect .
[ via Fomos & NeoGAF ]
There are many ways to learn a foreign language , but there 's no replacement for hearing it from a native speaker .
With free web service RhinoSpike , you can submit text in any language and hear a native speaker say it back to you .
Advertisement
RhinoSpike 's set - up is rather clever .
Instead of providing the service themselves ( and thus having to make it a pay service ) , users record their own voice for other users .
After you submit your text request , another RhinoSpike user that speaks that language will record their voice saying it , and send it back to you in the form of an audio file that you can play instantly or take with you .
Responding to other users ' requests bumps up your submissions in the queue , so you can get your answers faster .
Advertisement
You can also browse the archive of requests and audio recordings ( though you can't search through them , which is strange ) .
It 's a really nice way for a community of language learners to help one another out .
It can also be pretty handy for translating news stories , blog posts , or pretty much anything else you might want .
Hit the link for more information .
Thanks ,
Thomas !
RhinoSpike
I 'm pretty sure the intro is played by a violin or a synth and it goes like duh duh duh duh , da da da , da da da , da da da , and repeats
Are you interested in how functional programming can be leveraged to make embedded - systems programming easier and more reliable ?
You are not alone .
For example , check out what ’s been happening in just the past couple of years .
Now Tom Hawkins ( designer of Atom ) has started a Google group , fp-embedded , to discuss these issues .
Please join and post your projects & questions !
Share this :
Share
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Bloop HTML5 Instrument inspired by Brian Eno ’s Bloom from Bocoup on Vimeo .
HTML5 and Javascript Synthesizer from Corban Brook on Vimeo .
Pioneers like Max Mathews ’ Bell Labs team taught the computer to hum , sing , and speak , before even the development of primitive graphical user interfaces .
So it ’s fitting that the standards that chart the Web ’s future would again turn to the basics of electronic sound synthesis .
A group of intrepid hackers and Mozilla developers and community leaders are working to make an audio API a standard part of this generation of Web browsers .
( Note : not some unspecified future browsers – they ’re making it work right now . )
We ’ve already seen some pretty amazing experiments with Flash and Java .
This would go further , opening buffer - level access to new , faster , just - in - time compiled JavaScript engines .
The upshot : you get to code your own synthesizers and real - time audio processing in a way that works right in any browser , on any platform .
Standardize the API by which this works , and adding an FM synth to a page could be as easy as assembling a table or inserting a picture .
There ’s no plug - in , and thanks to faster JavaScript engines , JavaScript can be the language .
To the end user , you just get a Web page that automatically loads the audio goodness .
I ’m in touch with the developers , and hope to have a full - blown Q&A session with them .
On the agenda : what this is , what it means , how it works , how people can get involved , and how to get started with these early builds .
I ’m going to start out with some of my own thoughts , though , because I ’ve found myself thinking about this a lot .
I ’ve been a slow convert to the gospel of the browser and JavaScript , but I ’m beginning to “ get ” it , I think .
( If I ’m off - base or missing something , we ’ll get to cover that , too . )
HTML5 3D FFT Visualization with CubicVR from Bocoup on Vimeo .
To understand why this is incredibly cool , though , I think it ’s first necessary to understand how incredibly stupid , primitive , and backwards a Web browser is .
( I just lost a bunch of Web developers .
No offense – there ’s a reason it ’s that way – but follow with me . )
I ’m serious .
The Web concept was rooted in an age in which bandwidth and computing restrictions constrained online communication to text .
But even as the Web was first catching on , computers themselves had rich multimedia capabilities far exceeding what the browser could do .
Today , a lot of Web nuts talk about how the browser could replace desktop applications , or become an “ operating system . ”
But the browser is another application running on your hardware , running on your operating system .
The question you might well ask is , why is the browser so limited ?
Why ca n’t it do the things the rest of your computer can ?
The idea that having a tag that specified playing audio or video took until now is kind of silly if you think of it that way , right ?
( You might ask the inverse question of the “ desktop ” apps : you do know you ’re connected to the Internet , right ? )
The idea of the audio API would be to change that , and not only play back sound files , but open up real - time synthesis and processing in standard , accessible - everywhere ways .
You can , as you see in the ( working , real , not - mock - up ) examples , do all kinds of powerful magic .
You can visualize music as you play sound files , or perform on instruments right from the browser window .
It ’s one thing to talk about some distant future .
Fortunately , you do n’t have to wait .
The code is working right now .
You can finish reading this post and then grab a nightly build of Firefox , write a few lines of JavaScript code , and build a synth in the browser .
“ Because it ’s there ” is usually a good enough reason to start hacking .
But to musicians , I think there are actual creative benefits , too .
Endless compatibility .
The work the Mozilla crowd are doing is already free to download on Mac , Windows , and Linux , stripping platform barriers across desktops , laptops , and netbooks .
We ’ve heard a lot from certain Mac advocates in particular about how you can only have “ first - class ” applications if they ’re built for a specific OS .
That ’s fine – depending on the application .
But as an artist , at some point I also want some shared tools .
If I want to collaborate with someone , they ’re what ’s first class to me .
There ’s nothing worse than saying “ oh , uh , I guess you have a Mac and I have a PC , so we have to … ”
It ’s creativity - killing .
Having browser - based tools on par with the tools outside the browser means we can keep our idiosyncratic tools of choice , but also have a shared set of tools we can access without so much as running an installer , let alone worrying about an OS , processor , or version .
Connectivity and sharing .
Being in the browser means instant access to a musical application from anywhere , and instant data for that application .
Right now , part of the reason computer musicians have a stigma of staring at computer screens is because the user interfaces we design live on individual machines and are designed to be used only by one person at a time .
The connectivity in the browser means it ’s easier to build sharing and collaboration directly into a software idea .
Browsers could make your “ desktop ” apps cooler .
One of the myths of browser - based applications I think is the idea that they ’ll somehow replace other applications .
On the contrary : they could make your existing applications smarter .
Unrelated to this particular effort , our friend Andrew Turley built a proof - of - concept application that connects a Web browser as a controller to other apps over OSC .
With a little refinement , a free local Web server combined with a browser - based controller app could connect all your traditional music apps to computers in the same room or across the world .
In - browser Synthesizer and Sequencer with Envelope and Filter control from Corban Brook on Vimeo .
The power to make noise – any noise – and a tinkerer ’s sunrise .
Noise often appeals to hackers ( even non-technologist hackers ) more than anything else , and that should give you hope .
One interpretation of current technology trends runs with the idea that tinkering is in danger , or even on the decline .
I think we should be wary of some of those trends ; some are simply anti-intellectualism in disguise .
I also think tinkering with sound has a bright future .
So long as there is raw buffer access somewhere , it ’s possible to build something that makes sounds on a level as high as “ give me a middle C ” or as low level as “ I want to invent a new form of synthesis . ”
This is n’t just for propellerhead types .
With readable code , even those new to programming and sound have an opportunity to start toying with their own experiments .
And unlike almost any other medium , sound is both immediate and always satisfying .
That is , even if you make some sort of ugly splat , you may still have a good time .
That quality makes it perfect for learning and experimentation , whether you ’re young or old .
From Babel to common code languages .
I ’ll also go out on a limb and say there ’s potential to get more tools speaking the same language .
On the visual side , right now , you can directly copy code from Processing .js ( where anyone can easily see it ) to a Java - based desktop Processing ( where you get higher performance , full - screen and multi- monitor display , hardware access , and the like ) , often without changing a line of code .
The same could happen here .
People are already porting Csound examples to this freshly - minted audio API .
Nihilogic ’s HTML5 Audio - Data Visualizations from Bocoup on Vimeo .
Open standards , open 3D .
By making a standard , too , we have a lingua franca both technologically and in how tools can run .
If it were only audio , that ’d already be useful .
But this extends to other efforts , like the work on WebGL .
And WebGL is a good indicator , too : by supporting OpenGL ES 2.0 in the browser , both the “ native ” or “ desktop ” app and the “ browser ” app can share code and capabilities .
The same could begin to be true for audio .
Anyway , enough of my third - party sense of what this could mean .
Here ’s where to go learn more :
David Humphrey is a man you can thank for making this happen .
Check out his blog , and read in particular :
Experiments with audio , part IX
May 12 in Boston , there ’s a “ future of Web audio ” event introducing these ideas , if you ’re in the area .
I ’ll see if we ca n’t get events elsewhere .
( This would be ideal for another CDM online global hackday – more so than our previous topic . )
The big post to read :
Alistair MacDonald covers the thinking , the potential applications , the history , and what ’s happening now :
Web Audio – All Aboard !
And see :
http://wiki.mozilla.org/Audio_Data_API
Alistair sums up why this important :
A web browser that allows for such fine granular control over video graphics using tools like Canvas and WebGL , yet provides no equivelent control over audio data , is a web browser that is very lopsided .
In human terms , web browsers have always been very lopsided .
They reflect a specialized facet of ‘ the human requirement ’ .
This is unfortunate as the web can potentially encompass a far more balanced and expressive set of features , encapsulating our humanity .
Fortunately the modern movement towards a more human browser , appears to have gained significant velocity … in the right direction .
Or , if the Muppet Animal were writing this , I think that would go more like :
NOISE ….
MAKE NOISE .
LOUD NOISE .
MAKE LOUD NOISE .
More HTML5 Goodness
On CDMotion , spectacular 3D graphics , even for the lazy , plus Processing .js resources .
And perhaps more generally useful – especially for working with the 1,000,000 iPads Apple has just sold – Chris Randall has a brilliant and detailed post on hacking the SoundCloud player so it works even when Flash is n’t installed .
Something Wicked This Way Comes …
Or , I should say , by “ brilliant , ” it points out just how screwed up that particular situation is .
So , SoundCloud developers , go read that and report back , okay ?
( I ’ll be in Berlin in three weeks .
We can all get some coffees and put together a generic solution that works everywhere .
How about that ? )
Photo : Mario Perez / Courtesy of ABC
Just over a week ago , as the Lost finale loomed , the faithful made preparations .
We baked “ smoke monster ” cakes ; we watched cats on YouTube explain the plot .
But mainly , we read interviews with the creative team of Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof ( affectionately known to the online horde as Cuselof or Darlton ) , the show - runners who had , under creator J. J. Abrams , overseen one of the most interactive TV hits in history , a show designed to be mob -solved , scavenged for symbolism , and adored .
They were preparing us .
In each interview , with a mix of humility and defensiveness , they repeated that they had “ done the best they could . ”
They had focused on the characters .
And we , the viewers , should n’t expect answers to everything — some we ’d learn on DVD , others would never be resolved .
So please stop asking about the four - toed statue .
Let it go .
This kind of expectation management is , by now , a baseline responsibility of anyone steering a major TV sensation , and it ’s no easy task .
Some ( Aaron Sorkin ) are driven crazy and write entire television series in response to audience critiques ; others ( David Chase ) push back , brilliantly .
But like a lot of genre writers , the Lost creators had always been more - forthcoming figures , warm and reassuring , regularly urging the audience that we , as fans , should trust them , and that we should be patient , that while there was no time to explain right now , if we hung on , all would finally be revealed .
Yet as the seasons passed , Darlton were also clearly unnerved by their most passionate devotees , who were busily compiling databases , freezing images for hints and clues , and generally acting like a particularly deranged , faintly Aspergian breed of forensic detectives .
In 2007 , Lindelof argued that “ the really good critics ” were fans at heart .
“ I find there is a very rare instance where your fan brain is having one reaction and your critical brain is having another .
The level at which questions are asked of us is polarizing .
You can tell it ’s personal .
If they do n’t like it , it ’s like they ’re offended in a way . ”
Real fan - hood , in other words , is , at its purest level , love .
As in Corinthians , fan - hood is patient , kind , not rude , etc .
( It is also not easily angered and it keeps no record of wrongs . )
The Fan of Faith is superior to the Fan of Science , and while it ’s natural to have questions , the ideal viewer should behave less like a nagging critic and more like a soul mate , supportive and committed even when doubts creep in .
At one point , during a New York Times panel on the Thursday night before the finale , Lindelof made this romantic - relationship metaphor explicit .
In response to a question about fan disappointment , he described a first date that begins with the wrongheaded question “ Are you going to disappoint me ? ” “ Just see how it works out ! ” said Lindelof , in the voice of the show - slash - date .
“ If you ’re going to fall in love with somebody , you have to put aside that fear of disappointment . ”
Then again , if you build a show to be loved , heartbreak is always a risk .
I ’m a serious Lost fan — I watched every episode , I recapped the show online for years , I ’m one of the fools who combed Egyptology sites to determine whether that damned statue was Tawaret or Subek — and yet I ’m also someone who now thinks of the show as a failure .
That fact does n’t erase the pleasure I got from Locke ’s orange - peel grin , but it does change the context .
Because like so many , I hung on long after I had doubts : through cage sex , through the successful ( but in retrospect nonsensical ) time - travel gambit , through those great sequences among the Dharma hippies and into the drippy realm of the last season ’s alternative - reality time line ( a.k.a. the Sideways Universe ) , in which the characters learned and grew .
This was n’t a first date , after all ; it was a six - year marriage .
You do n’t just give up .
In the run-up to the finale , Lindelof posted to Twitter , expressing his love for the fans .
But he also sent out a message directed at some online video artists I had never heard of : “ But Fine Brothers ?
You shat on the show and that is not cool .
I hereby revoke your status as ‘ fans . ’
” Lindelof ’s followers offered support , but there was also this : “ I ’m as big of a fan as you can be , and I think Fine Brothers could n’t have put it better .
A disappointed fan is still a fan . ”
I spent the afternoon watching the Fine Brothers videos , of course .
They were , as it turns out , hilarious : sharp , prickly satires “ acted ” out by action figures .
In each one , characters from Heroes , Twilight , Battlestar Galactica , and other genre hits invaded the Lost universe to make rattled critiques .
( In one , Spock simply started screaming , “ I refuse to live in a place without logic ! ” )
With their South Park–style brass , a few of the satires were more fun to watch than the Season 6
Lost episodes , many of which boil down in my memory to bathetic baseball monologues and such camp lines as “ I do n’t like the way English tastes on my tongue . ”
To Lindelof , the Fine Brothers were n’t fans anymore .
To me , their clear agitation and radical engagement with every element of the story meant that they were the most dedicated kind of fans :
They cared enough to be pissed off .
And who was to blame for that ?
What made Lost fail ?
It ’s possible Cuselof ’s story was simply so Byzantine no one in the creative team could connect the dots , even with a two - year head start .
It definitely did n’t help that the show shifted from a diverse cast to the repeated tableaux of white guys bickering about fate while the female characters were either shot or ( worse ) congealed into bland love interests .
But to me , one central problem — which we had hints of early on , back when the show was still pulling off one masterful structural coup after another — was that the series had become obsessed , in both overt and unconscious ways , with manipulating its own relationship with its fans , alternately evading and reflecting their critiques , and then finally satisfying them in the most condescending possible way , with sentimental sleight - of - hand .
Built as it was from video - game aesthetics , comic - book plots , and science fiction , Lost had always included witty internal acknowledgments of its own geek appeal , including characters who acted as stand - ins for Lost fans .
Hurley began the series as an actual character , but he quickly became our avatar : the sci - fi geek , full of Star Wars references , loyal and positive , like Cuselof ’s ideal .
In contrast , Arzt , the wicked fan , was a science teacher full of gripes , but he hilariously blew to bits in season one .
Later , we got snarky Miles and Frank Lapidus , an outsider who made bemused remarks about the melodramas around him .
This was fun in the early seasons , when Darlton felt like they were in communion with their audience , but as the show began its final slide , these characters increasingly operated more as venting devices for fan frustrations — a way for the writers to let us know they heard us , but also to joke about logic problems or clichés instead of addressing them .
The snarky chorus stood in contrast to the main ensemble , which , with a few exceptions , devolved from archetypal ( but layered ) characters into action figures , their aims narrowing , like video - game heroes , to a single goal : Find Sun , find Jin , find Claire , return to the island , get off the island .
Then , in the run-up to the final season , Cuselof suddenly inserted a shocking new framing device , a tactic that radically simplified their entire series : the twin dei ex machina of Jacob and the Man in Black .
We ’d gotten hints of Jacob ’s existence earlier ( who was that man in the cabin ?
Who ?? ) , but Cuselof ’s reveal went beyond exposing the wizard .
It redefined everything we ’d watched as a game played by manipulative gods .
Jacob smirked and wore Jesus robes .
His brother , the Man in Black , was the evil Smoke Monster .
While the pair were not named Cuse and Lindelof , it was hard to ignore the resemblance , since Lost ’s characters — like its fans — had been revealed as the pawns of narrative overseers who spoke in riddles , were hard to trust , and continually reassured them to be patient , the end was near .
Within that endgame , Cuselof introduced the MacGuffin to end all MacGuffins : a glowing pool of embarrassing special effects , unexplainable because , as we learned in another meta line , “ every question will just lead to another question . ”
The peculiar thing about all this was that throughout its seasons , one of Lost ’s most appealing ambiguities had been that , for all those debates about science versus faith , the show had never been in the camp of credulous trust .
It was an island full of con men and women , after all , emotional seducers ( from Sawyer to Ben to Nikki and Paolo ) who fleeced those who believed in them .
John Locke , the show ’s Man of Faith and its most original character , was wrong again and again , and , in the end , died confused and despairing .
His was an uncompromising plot within a show that increasingly pulled its punches , giving once - complex characters sacrificial and heroic outcomes .
Jacob himself turned out to be in thrall to a lying , manipulative parent .
On Lost , saying “ trust me ” was a red flag .
And yet , we had to trust Cuselof :
That ’s what a good fan does .
Then came the finale , which amounted to a moving , luminous , tear - inducing , near - total bait - and - switch .
Now , I realize many people enjoyed the finale .
The episode was visually lyrical .
It was audacious , in its way .
It was almost radically crowd - pleasing , designed to be viewed with the fan brain , not the critic brain .
With its witty structure , it allowed the creators to download fusillades of old clips : montages that in the literal sense stood in for each character ’s memories , but which also worked as sentimental flashbacks for fans , reminding us of how much fun it had been to watch Lost itself .
Meanwhile , on the island , we endured a series of thrilling but nonsensical unpluggings and then pluggings of a Freudian sinkhole .
When the plot and the island stopped shaking , Hurley , the Good Fan , was handed the keys to the donkey wheel , as if he were being trusted to protect the legacy of the show itself .
I do n’t have a heart of stone :
The acting in the otherwise terrible finale was so good that in several cases ( the reunion of Sawyer and Juliet ) it made the endless romantic pairings desperately poignant instead of numbing .
( Although not with Charlotte and Daniel : Lose the skinny tie , dude . )
But when those warm feelings wore off , it was hard to ignore the unsettling message we ’d received , which was that nothing in the series had actually mattered .
That mysterious island ?
The one we ’d obsessed over for six years ?
We should remember it , as through a happy mist , as the place where our characters learned to love one another .
As for the Sideways Universe — featuring tweaked variations on each character ’s story — that was also not important , at least not in any detail .
It was a mystical way station , like weak fan fiction with a therapeutic kick .
Most of the Sideways stories boiled the survivors ’ stories down to morals like “ Love your family ” and “ Believe you are a good person , ” and if we wanted to enjoy the show , we needed to accept these truisms as closure for story arcs rather than Oprah - tinged parodies of them .
Finally , in the last fifteen minutes , the writers — in an emotionally powerful and also mawkishly manipulative turn — gathered our characters in an interfaith church , the antechamber to heaven .
There Jack ’s father , now a loving guide ( rather than an abusive drunk ) , told him , and us , to let go .
No wonder it was touching :
It was grief therapy directed at us as fans .
The sad thing , really , is that this wave of nostalgia , however powerful it was in the moment , sunk the show it was meant to mourn .
Once upon a time , Lost faced outward , toward the world .
In its early seasons , it was n’t just dumb , feel - good fun ; for all the fantasy trappings , it had resonant , adult themes , ones set in the context of a global community traumatized after a plane crash .
Post - 9/11 , the show spoke , for a while , more thoughtfully ( or at least less angrily ) than 24 to the moral questions that unsettled many Americans :
Why does everyone consider themselves the “ good guys ” ?
Is it ever okay to torture ?
How do we choose , and should we trust , our leaders ?
But by the end of its run , Lost , for all its dorm - room chatter about good and evil , had become something different :
It was a hit series about the difficulties of finding an ending to a hit series .
Cuselof had a deadline for years , which should have allowed them to pace out their puzzle ’s solutions .
Instead , we got cheesy temple vamping and a bereavement Holodeck .
It became a show about placating , even sedating , fans , convincing them that , in the absence of anything coherent or challenging , love was enough .
The day after the finale , Lindelof tweeted again , in the soothing cadences of a preacher : “ Remember .
Let go .
Move on . ”
Hey , Lindelof : Done .
Demo the latest version of our world - class , full - featured enterprise cloud contact center solution .
Now available !
Aspect Via ® version 20
The Premier Enterprise Contact Center Solution Available on Premises .
The most advanced enterprise solution for today 's mobile workforce .
Business Continuity in the Contact Center : Strategies to Minimize Uncertainty & Maximize Results .
Collect outstanding debts , secure more promises to pay and help customers solve problems
The Home Field Advantage : Business Continuity by Design
Develop an emergency preparedness plan to stay in touch with your customers , whether agents are working on - site or at - home .
Is cloud migration one of the challenges keeping you up at night ?
Learn how Aspect Via® drives flexibility , scalability and agility .
Your Journey to the Cloud
Author Chris Geovanis Date Created Date Edited Rating Current rating : 3 License
This work is in the public domain .
Two Chicago Indymedia journalists were detained and denied entry to Canada Friday evening , in what is emerging as a dominant dynamic confronting independent journalists seeking to enter the country to cover this weekend 's G20 gathering and protests being organized around it .
At approximately 6:30 pm Friday night , June 25 , two journalists from Chicago Indymedia were detained and denied entry to Canada , in what is emerging as a dominant dynamic confronting independent journalists seeking to enter the country to cover this weekend 's G20 gathering and protests being organized around it .
Canadian officials at the Port Huron border crossing 60 miles northeast of Detroit ordered the two journalists to turn off all recording devices as a precurser to being questioned by authorities .
They asked Chicago Indymedia 's videographer specifically why the reporter had been " refused " entry to Canada previously .
The reporter replied that the individual had never been refused entry to Canada and had n’t been in Canada , or tried to enter , since the videographer was six years old .
When asked why the journos were entering Canada , the reporters replied that it was to capture video for public access television in Chicago and satellite television internationally .
Officials then asked where the reporters were going and they responded " Toronto . "
Officials then asked if the reporters were " protesting " the G20 .
" No , " replied the reporters .
" We 're just taking footage for media / press purposes . "
Both reporters note that neither had previously been rejected from entering Canada , and that one had never been in Canada before , yet Canadian officials repeatedly accused them of being protestors .
Officials also asked the journos if they had guns , and the reporters repeatedly explained that they were only carrying audio and video recording equipment .
Officials also repeatedly checked the reporters ' press credentials and a letter of intent from the producer of the local public access show for which they were working , and repeatedly asked the journos what they were ' doing ' in Canada and how long they planned to be in the country .
The reporters were were then told to park their car , were subsequently detained , and told to hand over all credentials , passports , and other identification .
The Canadian authorities then proceeded to search the reporters ' car and all of their luggage .
The journos waited on the Canadian side of the border for two hours while Canadian officals ran background checks , presumably to find or manufacture a reason to " refuse " the reporters admission into Canada .
Chicago Indymedia 's videographer was asked to speak with a Canadian official , who proceeded to state that they 'd amassed roughly fifteen pages of ' information ' the officials claimed they had on the reporter , and which they argued restricted the reporter from being able to enter Canada .
The reporter asked for copies of the documents that Canadian officials were utilizing as the basis to deny entry into Canada and was told , " These are confidential documents of the Canadian government and we cannot make copies to give you or let you see them . "
The videographer was then given two " choices " : to either sign a document saying the reporter " voluntarily withdraws my application to enter Canada and to leave Canada without delay " -- or to be arrested on site and detained in a nearby Canadian immigration jail .
After Canadian officials claimed the videographer could be incarcerated in Canada for ' weeks ' , the videographer signed the document .
That said , the videographer never saw the " evidence " Canadian officials utilized as the basis to reject the journo's entry .
The two journos were then escorted back to their car and told how to reenter the United States .
After waiting in line to reenter the United States , the two journalists were re-questioned briefly by Canadian Border Patrol and told to pull off to the side and exit their vehicle , again -- this time , to be detained by Homeland Security 's Customs and Border Protection ( CBP ) on the US side of the border .
The two waited for another two hours before they were once again questioned by border authorities from both Canada and the US .
After being questioned , their car was searched a second time , and again officials found only video and audio equipment .
After the second car search , Homeland Security 's CBP then allowed the two access to their own country .
Canadian officials have aggressively denied entry to independent journalists seeking to enter the country to cover the G20 meeting and opposition gatherings .
Civil liberties advocates have described the climate for people seeking entry to Toronto during the G20 as characterized by the most extreme security restrictions the Canadian government has mounted around this type of gathering .
Besides independent journalists , many activists have been denied entry to Canada , as well , including Medea Benjamin and associates from Code Pink who were seeking to enter for the G20 protests after attending the US Social Forum in Detroit .
“ Whether this is a benefit or a detriment depends on your goals , ” he says .
“ For at least some emotions , if you take away some part of the facial expression , you take away some of the emotional experience , ” says study researcher Joshua Ian Davis , PhD , a term assistant professor in the department of psychology at Barnard College in New York City .
Botox injections were the No. 1 nonsurgical cosmetic procedure performed in 2009 , according to statistics by the American Society for Aesthetic Plastic Surgery .
June 23 , 2010 -- Botox injections may do more than smooth your wrinkles and limit your facial expressions .
These popular injections may also dampen your ability to feel emotions .
The study findings appear in the journal Emotions .
Botox Dampens Emotions
Botox injections smooth wrinkles by paralyzing the underlying muscles that cause the wrinkles .
In the new study , participants who received Botox injections self - reported less emotional response to some emotional video clips , and as a result , did not feel their emotions quite as deeply as their counterparts who received treatment with a wrinkle filler called Restylane , which does not paralyze muscles .
Instead , Restylane restores volume to facial folds and wrinkles .
This dampened emotional reaction was only related to mildly emotional clips , suggesting that the strength of the emotional impulse may make a difference .
That said , those who received Botox reacted to the same to video clips after their injection as they as they did before they received the injections .
The new research set out to prove the facial feedback hypothesis .
This hypothesis suggests that our facial expressions can affect our emotional experience .
There seems to be some merit to the hypothesis when the effects of Botox were compared with the effects of Restylane .
More research is needed to validate and expand upon this work , Davis tells WebMD .
“ We have not had a chance to specifically isolate each muscle group and determine how they relate to specific emotions , " he says .
“ The kinds of things that would be most interesting to follow up on is to try look more closely at specific emotions and specific muscles such as frown lines , crow ’s feet , smile lines . ”
Linux 2.6.35-rc2
From : Linus Torvalds < torvalds@linux-foundation.org >
To : Linux Kernel Mailing List < linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org >
Subject : Linux 2.6.35 -rc2
Date : Sat , 5 Jun 2010 21:15:36 - 0700 ( PDT ) Message - ID : < alpine .LFD.2.00.1006052050100.3515@i5.linux-foundation.org >
Archive - link : Article , Thread
So - rc2 is out there , and hopefully fixes way more problems than it introduces .
I 'm slightly unhappy with its size - admittedly it 's not nearly as big as rc2 was the last release cycle , but that was an unusually big -rc2 .
And I really hoped for a calmer release cycle this time .
In fact , for once I 'm going to enforce - rc3 being sane , because the upcoming week is the last week of school for my kids .
And when the kids get out of school , I 'm going be offline for a while .
And as a result , I _really_ do n't want to pull anything even half - way scary in the next week for -rc3 .
So any pull requests had better be obvious fixes only , and this time I 'm not going to let things slide .
Anyway , the biggest patches in - rc2 are some staging drivers ( 70 % of the patch is just that ) , so while it 's still biggish , at least most of it is clearly staging .
Of the remaining non-staging 30 % , half of _that_ is just the regular drivers ( drm : i915 and radeon , along with some dvb updates is a noticeable chunk ) , with a new Core i7 EDAC driver that I had gotten a pull request for before - rc1 , but just had n't had the energy to pull until - rc2 ( same goes for a build system update - the pull request predated - rc1 ) .
And some late powerpc changes that I do _not_ think predated - rc1 .
Tssk .
I 'm really not going to let things like that slide next - rc , as mentioned .
But the most important part is obviously the regression fixes , which tend to be small and not show up much in the patch statistics .
A number of reverts , a number of fixes , hopefully things are all rosy .
And it really is n't _that_ bad - the - rc2 shortlog is almost never small enough to be worth posting on the mailing list , but I think it 's doable this time , even if it 's borderline .
So ShortLog appended if people care about the ( summary of ) details .
Linus --- Abhijeet Dharmapurikar ( 1 ) : msm_serial : fix serial on trout Abylay Ospan ( 1 ) : V4L/DVB : cx23885 : Check register errors Adam Jackson ( 4 ) : drm/i915/gen4 : Extra CRT hotplug paranoia drm/i915 / dp :
Only enable enhanced framing if the sink supports it drm/i915 / dp : Add DPCD data to debug output drm/i915 : Honor sync polarity from VBT panel timing descriptors Akinobu Mita ( 2 ) : x86/ mm : Remove unused DBG ( ) macro kernel / : fix BUG_ON checks for cpu notifier callbacks direct call Al Viro ( 2 ) : mqueue does n't need make_bad_inode ( ) fix the deadlock in qib_fs Alan Cox ( 2 ) : edac : i7core_edac produces undefined behaviour on 32 bit intel_scu_ipc : Length fix Alan Stern ( 1 ) : USB : unbind all interfaces before rebinding them Albert Herranz ( 2 ) : Revert " fb_defio : fix for non-dirty ptes " fb_defio : redo fix for non-dirty ptes Alex Deucher ( 7 ) : drm/radeon / kms/evergreen : add initial CS parser drm/radeon / kms / pm : add support for SetVoltage cmd table ( V2 ) drm/radeon / kms / pm : enable SetVoltage on r7xx / evergreen drm/radeon / kms / pm : patch default power state with default clocks / voltages on r6xx + drm/radeon/kms/pm : radeon_set_power_state fixes drm/radeon / kms / pm : voltage fixes drm/radeon / kms : make sure display hw is disabled when suspending Alexander Beregalov ( 2 ) : genksyms : close ref_file after use i7core_edac : fix memory leak of i7core_dev Alexander Kurz ( 4 ) : serial_cs : add and sort IDs for serial and modem cards Staging : comedi : fix 8255 and DAS08 Kconfig dependancies .
Staging : comedi : fixing ni_tio to mite PCI dependancy Staging : comedi : fixing ni_labpc to mite dependancy Alexandre Bounine ( 1 ) : of / powerpc : fix 85xx RapidIO device node pointer Amit K. Arora ( 1 ) : sched :
Make sure timers have migrated before killing the migration_thread Amit Shah ( 2 ) : virtio : console :
Fix crash when hot - unplugging a port and read is blocked virtio : console :
Fix crash when port is unplugged and blocked for write Ananth N Mavinakayanahalli ( 1 ) : powerpc / kprobes : Remove resume_execution ( ) in kprobes Anatolij Gustschin ( 15 ) : powerpc / 44x : icon : select SM502 and frame buffer console support can : mpc5xxx_can.c :
Fix build failure of / spi : mpc512x_psc_spi.c :
Fix build failures of / mtd/ nand : mpc5121_nfc.c :
Fix build failures of / dma : mpc512x_dma.c :
Fix build failures of / pcmcia : m8xx_pcmcia.c :
Fix build failures of / video : fix build breakage in FB drivers of / mtd : nand : fix build breakage in drivers of / dma : fix build breakage in ppc4xx adma driver of / crypto : crypto4xx_core .c : fix build breakage of / usb : fsl_qe_udc.c : fix build breakage of / net : fs_enet / mii- bitbang .c : fix build breakage of / edac : fix build breakage in drivers of / watchdog : gef_wdt.c : fix build breakage crypto : crypto4xx - Fix build breakage Andi Kleen ( 2 ) : Improve kconfig symbol hashing kbuild : move - fno - dwar f2 - cfi-asm to powerpc only Andrea Gelmini ( 2 ) : drbd : removed duplicated #includes Documentation / i2 c : Checkpatch cleanup Andreas Schwab ( 1 ) : powerpc / macio :
Do n't dereference pointer before null check Andrew Hendry ( 1 ) : Minix : Clean up left over label Andrew Morton ( 1 ) : lib/kobject_uevent.c : fix CONIG_NET=n warning Andy Fleming ( 1 ) : powerpc / 85xx : Enable support for ports 3 and 4 on 8548 CDS Andy Walls ( 1 ) : V4L/DVB : cx18 , cx23885 , v4l2 doc , MAINTAINERS : Update Andy Walls ' email address Ang Way Chuang ( 1 ) : V4L/DVB : dvb-core : Fix ULE decapsulation bug Anton Vorontsov ( 1 ) : powerpc / fsl - booke : Add hibernation support for FSL BookE processors Aristeu Rozanski ( 1 ) : pci :
Add a probing code that seeks for an specific bus Arnaldo Carvalho de Melo ( 1 ) : perf buildid - list : Fix -- with - hits event processing Arnd Bergmann ( 1 ) : cris : push down BKL into some device drivers Aurelien Jarno ( 1 ) : clocksource : sh_tmu : compute mult and shift before registration Axel Lin ( 1 ) : USB : cdc-acm : fix resource reclaim in error path of acm_probe Barry Song ( 1 ) : Staging : iio-utils : fix memory overflow for dynamically allocateded memory to hold filename Ben Dooks ( 3 ) : USB : s3c-hsotg : Ensure TX FIFO addresses setup when initialising FIFOs USB : s3c-hsotg : SoftDisconnect minimum 3ms USB : s3c-hsotg : Ensure FIFOs are fully flushed after layout Ben Hutchings ( 6 ) : V4L/DVB : dw2102 : Select tda10023 frontend , not tda10021 V4L/ DVB : budget : Select correct frontends V4L/ DVB : dib0700 : Select dib0090 frontend V4L/ DVB : m920x : Select simple tuner sfc :
Get port number from CS_PORT_NUM , not PCI function number sfc : Store port number in net_device : : dev_id Ben McKeegan ( 1 ) : ppp_generic : fix multilink fragment sizes Ben Skeggs ( 8 ) : drm/ nouveau : fix POST detection for certain chipsets drm /nv40 : allow cold - booting of nv4x chipsets drm / nouveau : do n't execute INIT_GPIO unless we 're really running the table drm /nv50 : fix duallink_possible calculation for DCB 4.0 cards drm /nv50 : obey dcb-> duallink_possible drm/nouveau : fix dual - link displays when plugged into single - link outputs drm / nv50 : use alternate source of SOR_MODE_CTRL for DP hack drm /nv50 : cast IGP memory location to u64 before shifting Benjamin Herrenschmidt ( 3 ) : powerpc / 44x : Fix UART clocks on 440SPe powerpc :
Do n't export cvt_fd & _df when CONFIG_PPC_FPU is not set powerpc / macio :
Fix probing of macio devices by using the right of match table Borislav Petkov ( 2 ) : perf - record : Check correct pid when forking x86 , smpboot :
Fix cores per node printing on boot Brian Haley ( 1 ) : IP v6 : fix Mobile IP v6 regression Bruno Randolf ( 1 ) : ath5 k : wake queues on reset Cesar Eduardo Barros ( 1 ) : arch / um : fix kunmap_atomic ( ) call in skas / uaccess .c Changli Gao ( 4 ) : skb : make skb_recycle_check ( ) return a bool value act_nat : fix the wrong checksum when addr is n't in old_addr / mask cls_u32 : use skb_header_pointer ( ) to dereference data safely act_pedit : access skb -> data safely Chris Wilson ( 18 ) : drm/i915 : Fail to load driver if KMS request without GEM agp / intel : Restrict GTT mapping to valid range on i915 and i945 drm/i915 : Kill dangerous pending - flip debugging drm/i915 :
Only print an message if there was an error drm /i915 :
Hold the spinlock whilst resetting unpin_work along error path drm /i915 : Avoid nesting of domain changes when setting display plane drm /i915 : Propagate error from unbinding an unfenceable object .
drm/i915 : Only print " nothing to do " debug message as required .
drm /i915 : Include pitch in set_base debug statement .
drm/i915 : Rebind bo if currently bound with incorrect alignment .
drm/i915 : Remove spurious warning " Failure to install fence " drm/i915 : Check error code whilst moving buffer to GTT domain .
drm/i915 : Reject bind_to_gtt ( ) early if object > aperture drm /i915 : Cleanup after failed initialization of ringbuffers drm/i915 : Avoid moving from CPU domain during pwrite drm/i915 : Use non-atomic kmap for slow copy paths drm /i915 : Fix up address spaces in slow_kernel_write ( ) drm/i915 : Move non-phys cursors into the GTT Christian Lamparter ( 1 ) : ar9170usb : fix read from freed driver context Christoph Fritz ( 1 ) : ssb : fix NULL ptr deref when pcihost_wrapper is used Christoph Hellwig ( 7 ) : xfs : cleanup log reservation calculactions xfs : clean up xlog_align xfs : fix access to upper inodes without inode64 xfs : remove done roadmap item from xfs - delayed - logging - design .
txt xfs : skip writeback from reclaim context xfs : improve xfs_isilocked virtio-blk : fix minimum number of S/G elements Cory Maccarrone ( 1 ) : omap : remove BUG_ON for disabled interrupts Dan Carpenter ( 21 ) : i915 / intel_sdvo : remove unneeded null check i915 : remove unneeded null checks be2net : add unlock on error path be2net : remove superfluous externs caif : unlock on error path in cfserl_receive ( ) V4L/DVB : em28xx : remove unneeded null checks V4L/ DVB : video / saa7134 : remove duplicate break V4L / DVB : video / saa7134 : change dprintk ( ) to i2cdprintk ( ) cciss : call BUG ( ) earlier SFI : do not return freed pointer FS - Cache : Remove unneeded null checks Input : tps6507x - ts - a couple work queue cleanups e1000e : change logical negate to bitwise isdn / kcapi : return - EFAULT on copy_from_user errors tehuti : return - EFAULT on copy_to_user errors kobject : free memory if netlink_kernel_create ( ) fails TTY / n_gsm : potential double lock vt_ioctl : return - EFAULT on copy_from_user errors Staging : rc2860 : return - EFAULT on copy_to_user errors Staging : sep : return - EFAULT on copy_to_user errors fcntl : return - EFAULT if copy_to_user fails Daniel J Blueman ( 2 ) : i915 : fix lock imbalance on error path ... fix cpu_chain section mismatch ...
Daniel Mack ( 10 ) : ALSA : usb - audio : UAC2 : clean up parsing of bmaControls ALSA : usb - audio : support partially write - protected UAC2 controls include / linux / usb / audio - v2.h : add more UAC2 details ALSA : usb - audio : fix selector unit string index accessor ALSA : usb - audio : parse clock topology of UAC2 devices ALSA : usb - audio : unify constants from specification ALSA : usb- audio : add UAC2 sepecific Feature Unit controls ALSA : usb-audio : clean up find_audio_control_unit( )
ALSA : usb -audio : export UAC2 clock selectors as mixer controls USB : ftdi_sio : fix DTR / RTS line modes Daniel T Chen ( 4 ) : ALSA : hda : Use LPIB for an ASUS device ALSA : hda : Use mb31 quirk for an iMac model ALSA : hda : Use LPIB for another mainboard ALSA : hda : Use LPIB for ASUS M2V Daniel Vetter ( 1 ) : drm/i915 : combine all small integers into one single bitfield Daniele Lacamera ( 1 ) : TCP : tcp_hybla :
Fix integer overflow in slow start increment Dave Airlie ( 3 ) : drm/ nouveau : attempt to get bios from ACPI v3 drm / nouveau : fixup confusion over which handle the DSM is hanging off .
drm/kms : disable / enable poll around switcheroo on / off Dave Chinner ( 3 ) : xfs : Check new inode size is OK before preallocating xfs : fix might_sleep ( ) warning when initialising per-ag tree xfs : fix race in inode cluster freeing failing to stale inodes David Rientjes ( 1 ) : kbuild : improve version string logic David S. Miller ( 4 ) : n2_crypto :
Fix build after of_device / of_platform_driver changes .
n2_crypto : Fix MAU kmem_cache name .
n 2_crypto : Plumb fallback ahash requests properly .
greth : Fix build after OF device conversions .
Denis Kirjanov ( 4 ) : ksz884x : convert to netdev_tx_t ksz884x : Add missing validate_addr hook AFS : Fix possible null pointer dereference in afs_alloc_server ( ) powerpc / cell : Fix integer constant warning Denys Vlasenko ( 18 ) : Rename .bss.stack to .bss..stack .
Rename .data.gate to .data..gate .
Rename .data.init_irqstack to .data..init_irqstack .
Rename .data..patch.XXX to .data..patch.XXX. Rename .data[.percpu ][.XXX ] to .data[..percpu ][.. XXX ] .
Rename .data.read_mostly to .data..read_mostly .
Rename .data.vmpages and .data.vm0.XXX to .data..vmpages and .data..vm0.XXX .
Rename .rodata.compressed to .rodata..compressed .
Rename .text.ivt to .text..ivt. Rename .text.lock to .text..lock .
Rename .text.page_aligned to .text..page_aligned .
Rename .text.startup to .text..startup .
Rename .data.nosave to .data..nosave .
Rename .data.init to .data..init.
Rename .data.initvect to .data..initvect .
Rename .data.lock_aligned to .data..lock_aligned .
Rename special text sections in arch / frv from .text.XXX to .text ..XXX . Rename .text.start to .text ..start .
Dmitri Belimov ( 1 ) : V4L/DVB : tm6000 , reset I2C bus function Dmitry Monakhov ( 1 ) : ext4 : Fix remaining racy updates of EXT4_I ( inode ) -> i_flags Dmitry Torokhov ( 2 ) : Input : ads7846 - fix compiler warning in ads7846_probe ( ) vmware balloon : clamp number of collected non-balloonable pages Don Zickus ( 1 ) : scripts : change scripts to use system python instead of env Eric Anholt ( 3 ) : drm/i915 : Move ringbuffer - related code to intel_ringbuffer .c. drm/i915 : Rename dev_priv->ring to dev_priv->render_ring .
drm/i915 : Clean up leftover bits from hws move to ring structure .
Eric Bénard ( 1 ) : net / fec : fix pm to survive to suspend / resume Eric Dumazet ( 6 ) : net : fix sk_forward_alloc corruptions netfilter : xtables : stackptr should be percpu net : sock_queue_err_skb( ) dont mess with sk_forward_alloc xfrm : force a dst reference in __xfrm_route_forward ( ) rps : tcp : fix rps_sock_flow_table table updates tcp : use correct net ns in cookie_v4_check ( ) Eric Sandeen ( 2 ) : xfs : replace E2BIG with EFBIG where appropriate xfs : be more explicit if RT mount fails due to config FEJES Jozsef ( 1 ) : kbuild : deb-pkg md5sums Florian Westphal ( 1 ) : syncookies : remove Kconfig text line about disabled - by - default Frank Pan ( 1 ) : tty : fix a little bug in scrup , vt.c Frederic Weisbecker ( 4 ) : perf_events :
Fix unincremented buffer base on partial copy perf : Process comm events by tid perf :
Use event__process_task from perf sched perf :
Do the comm inheritance per thread in event__process_task Graf Yang ( 1 ) : serial : bfin_5xx : IRDA is not affected by anomaly 05000230 Grant Likely ( 4 ) : of / usb : fix build error due to of_node pointer move of / spi : Fix build failure on spi_ppc4xx .c of / rtc : rtc-mpc5121.c :
Fix build failures usb : fix ehci_hcd build failure when both generic - OF and xilinx is selected Greg Thelen ( 2 ) : kbuild : Fix checking of scm-identifier variable cgroups : alloc_css_id ( ) increments hierarchy depth Guennadi Liakhovetski ( 2 ) : tags : include headers before source files fbdev : fix erroneous index in drivers / video/ sh_mobile_lcdcfb.c
Guy Martin ( 2 ) : V4L/DVB : TT CT - 3650 DVB - C support V4L/DVB : stv6110x : Fix kernel null pointer deref Haiying Wang ( 1 ) : powerpc / 85xx : Add P1021MDS board support Hans Verkuil ( 30 ) : V4L/DVB : bw-qcam : convert to V4L2 V4L/ DVB : c-qcam : convert to V4L2 V4L/ DVB : V4L2 Spec : Improve the VIDIOC_QUERY_DV_PRESET
description V4L/ DVB : saa7115 : add s_mbus_fmt op V4L/ DVB : cx25840 : add support for s_mbus_fmt V4L/ DVB : saa717x : add support for s_mbus_fmt V4L/ DVB : ivtv : convert to use s_mbus_fmt V4L/ DVB : cx18 : add s_mbus_fmt support V4L/ DVB : cx18 : remove old g/s_fmt from the cx18_av subdev V4L/ DVB : saa7127 : remove obsolete g_fmt support V4L/ DVB : saa717x : remove obsolete s_fmt op V4L/ DVB : v4l2-mediabus.h : add two helper functions V4L / DVB : saa6752hs : add g/s_mbus_fmt support V4L/DVB : saa7134 : convert to use the new mbus API V4L / DVB : pvrusb2 : convert to s_mbus_fmt V4L/ DVB : cx23885 : convert to s_mbus_fmt V4L/DVB : cx231xx : convert to s_mbus_fmt V4L/ DVB : cx24850 : remove obsolete g/s_fmt ops V4L/ DVB : saa7115 : remove obsolete g/s_fmt ops V4L/ DVB : v4l2-mediabus.h : added V4L2_MBUS_FMT_SGRBG8_1X8 V4L/DVB : mt9v011 : add enum / try / s_mbus_fmt support V4L/DVB : tvp5150 : remove obsolete g/s_fmt ops V4L/ DVB : au8522 _decoder : g/s_fmt does n't do anything : remove V4L/ DVB : v4l2-subdev.h : fix enum_mbus_fmt prototype V4L/ DVB : tvp514x : do NOT change the std as a side effect V4L / DVB : tvp514x : make std_list const V4L / DVB : tvp514x : there is only one supported format , so simplify the code V4L / DVB : tvp514x : add missing newlines V4L / DVB : tvp514x : remove obsolete fmt_list V4L/ DVB : tvp514x : simplify try / g/ s_fmt handling Heiko Carstens ( 3 ) : fs/compat_rw_copy_check_uvector : add missing compat_ptr call ramoops : add HAS_IOMEM dependency lib : add s390 to atomic64_dec_if_positive archs Henk de Groot ( 1 ) : Staging : wlags49_h2 , wlags49_h25 : fixed Kconfig dependencies Hermann Gausterer ( 1 ) : V4L/DVB : Technotrend S2-3200 ships with a TT 1500 remote Herton Ronaldo Krzesinski ( 2 ) : V4L/DVB : saa7134 : add support for Avermedia M733A V4L/DVB : saa7134 : add RM - K6 remote control support for Avermedia M135A Himanshu Chauhan ( 1 ) : scripts / kallsyms : suppress build warning Huang Weiyi ( 5 ) : sh : remove duplicated #include xfs : xfs_trace .c : remove duplicated #include xfs : remove duplicated #include V4L / DVB : ngene : remove unused # include < linux / version .h>
X25 : remove duplicated # include Hui Zhu ( 3 ) : markup_oops.pl : fix for faulting instruction in the first line of a range markup_oops.pl : add options to improve cross-sompilation environments markup_oops.pl : minor fixes Ian Abbott ( 7 ) : Staging : comedi : Give the addi_apci_ * drivers different driver names Staging : comedi : addi-data : do n't overwrite name for request_irq ( )
Staging : comedi : adv_pci_dio : Support Advantech PCI - 1735U Staging : comedi : amplc_dio200 : Protect counter subdevice with spinlock Staging : comedi : do n't write to buffer if command finished Staging : comedi : COMEDI_BUFINFO with no async - report no bytes read or written Staging : comedi : For COMEDI_BUFINFO , check access to command Ian Armstrong ( 4 ) : V4L/DVB : cx2341x : Report correct temporal setting for log-status V4L/ DVB : ivtvfb : Module load / unload fixes V4L/ DVB : ivtv : Avoid accidental video standard change V4L / DVB : ivtv : Timing tweaks and code re-order to try and improve stability Ian Campbell ( 2 ) : xen : ensure timer tick is resumed even on CPU driving the resume xen : avoid allocation causing potential swap activity on the resume path Igor M. Liplianin ( 1 ) : V4L/DVB : Bug fix : make IR work again for dm1105 Jakob Bornecrantz ( 12 ) : drm/vmwgfx : Assume larger framebuffer max size .
drm/vmwgfx : Fix single framebuffer detection .
drm/vmwgfx :
Make sure to unpin old and pin new framebuffer .
drm/vmwgfx : Get connector status from detection function .
drm/vmwgfx : Support older hardware .
drm/vmwgfx : Remove duplicate member from struct vmw_legacy_display_unit.
drm/vmwgfx :
Do n't use SVGA_REG_ENABLE in modesetting code .
drm/vmwgfx : Some modesetting cleanups and fixes .
drm/vmwgfx : Unpause overlay on update .
drm/vmwgfx : Print warnings in kernel log about bo pinning that fails .
drm/vmwgfx :
Fix framebuffer modesetting drm/vmwgfx : Allow userspace to change default layout .
Bump minor .
Jan III Sobieski ( 1 ) : add random binaries to .gitignore Jarod Wilson ( 2 ) : V4L/DVB : IR / imon : clean up usage of bools V4L / DVB : IR / imon : add auto - config for 0xffdc rf device Jaroslav Kysela ( 1 ) : ALSA : hda -intel - fix wallclk variable update and condition Jason Gunthorpe ( 1 ) : kbuild : Include gen_initramfs_list.sh and the file list in the .d file Jean Delvare ( 5 ) : V4L/DVB : FusionHDTV : Use quick reads for I2C IR device probing i2 c :
Share the I2C device presence detection code i2c : Check for address validity on client registration i2 c : Document reserved I2C addresses i2 c : Rename i2c_check_addr to i2c_check_addr_busy Jean- François Moine ( 2 ) : V4L/DVB : gspca - sonixb : Have 0c45:602e handled by sonixb instead of sn9c102 V4L/ DVB : gspca - sonixj : Add information about some potential JPEG webcams Jeff Kirsher ( 1 ) : ixgbe : return IXGBE_ERR_RAR_INDEX when out of range Jeff Layton ( 1 ) : cifs : fix page refcount leak Jens Axboe ( 8 ) : pipe : F_SETPIPE_SZ should return - EPERM for non-root pipe : make F_{GET , SET}PIPE_SZ deal with byte sizes Revert " writeback : ensure that WB_SYNC_NONE writeback with sb pinned is sync " Revert " writeback : fix WB_SYNC_NONE writeback from umount " block : disable preemption before using sched_clock ( ) pipe : adjust minimum pipe size to 1 page pipe : change the privilege required for growing a pipe beyond system max pipe : change / proc / sys / fs / pipe - max - pages to byte sized interface Jesper Nilsson ( 6 ) : CRISv32 : Remove duplicated Kconfig items .
CRISv32 : Fix RS485 port 4 CD Kconfig item .
CRISv10 : Trivial fixes .
CRISv10 : Whitespace fixes for hw_settings .
S CRIS : Simplify param.h by simply including < asm - generic / param.h >
CRIS : Do n't use mask_irq as symbol name Jesse Barnes ( 2 ) : drm/i915 : add timeout to FBC disable waits drm/i915 : add power monitoring support Jiafu He ( 1 ) : kbuild :
Fix linking error built - in. o no such file or directory Jiri Slaby ( 1 ) : EDAC : add __init to i7core_xeon_pci_fixup Joe Perches ( 2 ) : Makefile : Document ability to make file.lst and file .
S net/ipv4/tcp_input.c : fix compilation breakage when FASTRETRANS_DEBUG > 1 Joerg Roedel ( 2 ) : x86/amd-iommu : Fix crash when request_mem_region fails x86 / amd- iommu : Fall back to GART if initialization fails Johan Hovold ( 1 ) : USB : mos7840 : fix null - pointer dereference Johannes Berg ( 3 ) : mac80211 : make a function static mac80211 : fix blockack - req processing mac80211 : fix dialog token allocator John Fastabend ( 3 ) : net : init_vlan should not copy slave or master flags net : fix conflict between null_or_orig and null_or_bond ixgbe : only check pfc bits in hang logic if pfc is enabled John Kacur ( 2 ) : tags :
Fix spelling error in comment ( is - > if ) tags :
Add the ability to make tags for all archs using " all " John Saalwaechter ( 1 ) : scripts : use % _tmppath in " make rpm-pkg " John W. Linville ( 1 ) : Revert " rt2x00 : Fix rt2800usb TX descriptor writing . "
Julia Lawall ( 10 ) : arch / x86 / kernel :
Add missing spin_unlock fs / xfs / quota :
Add missing mutex_unlock drivers / isdn / hardware / mISDN :
Add missing spin_unlock net /rds : Add missing mutex_unlock V4L/ DVB : drivers / media : Use kzalloc V4L/ DVB : drivers / media : Eliminate a NULL pointer dereference drivers / isdn / hardware / mISDN : Use GFP_ATOMIC when a lock is held USB : serial : digi_acceleport : Eliminate a NULL pointer dereference staging : Use GFP_ATOMIC when a lock is held Staging : Eliminate a NULL pointer dereference Justin P. Mattock ( 1 ) : ath9 k : Fix ath_print in xmit for hardware reset .
KOSAKI Motohiro ( 1 ) : vmscan : fix do_try_to_free_pages ( ) return value when priority==0 reclaim failure Keith Mannthey ( 2 ) : i7core_edac :
Fix ecc enable shift i7core_edac : Probe on Xeons eariler Kirill Smelkov ( 1 ) : kbuild : fix a couple of typos in Documentation Konstantin Khlebnikov ( 2 ) : cfq- iosched : remove dead_key from cfq_io_context cfq- iosched : compact io_context radix_tree Konstantin Stepanyuk ( 1 ) : perf hist : fix objdump output parsing Krzysztof Halasa ( 1 ) : drm/i915 :
Add support for interlaced display .
Kuninori Morimoto ( 4 ) : sh : make sure static declaration on mach - ap325 rxa sh : make sure static declaration on mach - ecovec 24 sh : make sure static declaration on mach - migor sh : make sure static declaration on ms7724se Lan Chunhe - B25806 ( 1 ) : powerpc / fsl_msi :
Add multiple MSI bank support Lars Ellenberg ( 5 ) : drbd : improve network latency , TCP_QUICKACK drbd : need to set socket bufsize early to take effect drbd : improve usage of MSG_MORE drbd : fix hang on local read errors while disconnected drbd : use drbd specific ratelimit instead of global printk_ratelimit Len Brown ( 1 ) : ACPI : update feature - removal .
txt to reflect deleted acpi=ht option Li Peng ( 1 ) : drm/i915 : Add CxSR support on Pineview DDR3 Li Yang ( 5 ) : powerpc / fsl_msi : fix the conflict of virt_msir 's chip_data powerpc / fsl_msi : enable msi allocation in all banks powerpc / fsl_msi : enable msi sharing through AMP OSes powerpc / fsl_msi : add removal path and probe failing path powerpc / 85xx : Change MPC8572 DS camp dtses for MSI sharing Li Zefan ( 9 ) : kconfig : recalc symbol value before showing search results kconfig : some small fixes kconfig : fix zconfdump ( ) gconfig : remove dbg_print_ptype ( ) and dbg_print_stype ( ) gconfig : remove show_debug option menuconfig : add support to show hidden options which have prompts gconfig : add support to show hidden options that have prompts drm/i915 : Convert more trace events to DEFINE_EVENT xfs : convert more trace events to DEFINE_EVENT Linus Torvalds ( 3 ) : module : Make the ' usage ' lists be two - way module : move find_module check to end Linux 2.6.35 - rc2 Maarten Maathuis ( 1 ) : drm/ nouveau : allow cursor image and position to survive suspend Magnus Damm ( 4 ) : sh : allow romImage data between head .
S and the zero page sh : prepare MMCIF driver header file sh : add boot code to MMCIF driver header sh : add romImage MMCIF boot for sh7724 and Ecovec V2 Marcin Ko?cielnicki ( 1 ) : drm/nouveau :
Add getparam for current PTIMER time .
Marek Lindner ( 1 ) : Staging : batman - adv : fix rogue packets on shutdown Mark Brown ( 2 ) : Input : s3c2410_ts - fix build error due to ADC Kconfig rename Input : s3c2410_ts - tone down logging Mark Ware ( 1 ) : fs_enet : Adjust BDs after tx error Martin Homuth - Rosemann ( 1 ) : Staging : comedi - correct parameter gainlkup for DAQCard - 6024E in driver ni_mio_cs .c Mauro Carvalho Chehab ( 72 ) : i7core_edac : Add an EDAC memory controller driver for Nehalem chipsets i7core_edac :
Add error insertion code for Nehalem i7core_edac :
Add more status functions to EDAC driver i7core_edac : Registers all supported MC functions i7core_edac :
Show read / write virtual / physical channel association i7core_edac :
A few fixes at error injection code i7core_edac : need mci->edac_check , otherwise module removal does n't work i7core_edac :
Add a memory check routine , based on device 3 function 4 i7core_edac :
Add additional tests for error detection i7core_edac : Properly fill struct csrow_info i7core_edac : Improve error handling i7core_edac :
Add more information about each active dimm i7core_edac :
Get more info about the memory DIMMs i7core_edac : Memory info fixes and preparation for properly filling cswrow data i7core_edac : fill csrows edac sysfs info i7core_edac : CodingStyle fixes edac_mce :
Add an interface driver to report mce errors via edac edac / Kconfig : edac_mce can't be module i7core_edac :
Add edac_mce glue i7core_edac :
Adds write unlock to MC registers i7core_edac :
Add a code to probe Xeon 55 xx bus i7core_edac : add support for more than one MC socket i7core_edac : maps all sockets as if ther are one MC controller i7core_edac : decode mcelog error and send it via edac interface i7core_edac : some fixes at memory error parser i7core : fix probing on Xeon55 xx i7core : check if the memory error is fatal or non-fatal i7core : enrich error information based on memory transaction type i7core : fix get_devices routine for Xeon55xx i7core : better document i7core_get_active_channels ( ) i7core : add socket info at the debug msg i7core : remove some uneeded noisy debug messages i7core_edac :
Some cleanups at displayed info i7core_edac : some fixes at error injection code i7core_edac : fix error codes for sysfs error injection interface i7core_edac : fix error injection Documentation / edac.txt : Add Nehalem specific EDAC characteristics i7core_edac : CodingSyle fixes / cleanups i7core_edac : Print an error message if pci register fails i7core_edac : Use Device 3 function 2 to report errors with RDIMM 's i7core :
Use registered memories per processor i7core_edac : Improve corrected_error_counts output for RDIMM i7core : temporary workaround to allow it to compile against 2.6.30 Dynamically allocate memory for PCI devices i7core_edac : create one mc per socket / QPI i7core_edac : sanity check : print a warning if a mcelog is ignored i7core_edac : a few fixes for multiple mc's Documentation / edac.txt :
Improve it to reflect the latest changes at the driver i7core_edac :
Fix a bug when printing error counts with RDIMMs i7core_edac : at remove , do n't remove all pci devices at once i7core_edac : remove static counter for max sockets i7core_edac : change remove module strategy i7core_edac :
We need to use list_for_each_entry_safe to avoid errors i7core_edac : Avoid printing a warning when debug is disabled edac_core :
Allow the creation of sysfs groups i7core_edac :
Add support for sysfs addrmatch group edac : store / show methods for device groups were n't working edac :
Do n't create csrow entries on instance groups i7core_edac : Convert UDIMM error counters into a proper sysfs group Documentation / edac.txt : Reflect the sysfs changes at the document edac : Create an unique instance for each kobj i7core_edac :
Use a lockless ringbuffer i7core_edac : Better parse " any " addrmask i7core_edac :
First store , then increment i7core_edac :
Fix ringbuffer maxsize i7core_edac : PCI device is called NONCORE , instead of NOCORE i7core_edac :
Use a more generic approach for probing PCI devices i7core_edac :
Add initial support for Lynnfield i7core : add support for Lynnfield alternate address i7core_edac :
Fix wrong device id for channel 1 devices i7core_edac :
Add support for X5670 i7core_edac : Better describe the supported devices Maurus Cuelenaere ( 3 ) : USB : s3c_hsotg : define USB_GADGET_DUALSPEED
in Kconfig rtc : s3 c : initialize driver data before using it rtc : s3 c : initialize s3c_rtc_cpu_type before using it Michael Chan ( 1 ) : bnx2 : Fix hang during rmmod bnx2 .
Michael Guntsche ( 1 ) : watchdog : Fix build failure with OF changes Michael S. Tsirkin ( 1 ) : virtio - net : pass gfp to add_buf Michal Marek ( 8 ) : nconfig : mark local functions as such scripts / mkcompile_h : do n't test for hardcoded paths MAINTAINERS : add a few more patterns to kbuild tags :
Use $ SRCARCH kbuild :
Do not unnecessarily regenerate modules .
builtin Revert " kbuild : specify absolute paths for cscope " kbuild : Generate modules .
builtin in make modules_install kbuild : Revert part of e8d400a to resolve a conflict Mike Frysinger ( 5 ) : USB : isp1362 : fix inw warning on Blackfin systems Staging : adis16255 : fix typo in Kconfig Staging : adis16255 : add proper section markings to hotplug funcs fs / binfmt_flat .c : split the stack & data alignments flat : fix unmap len in load error path Mike Isely ( 7 ) : V4L/DVB : pvrusb2 : Fix Gotview hardware support V4L/ DVB : pvrusb2 : Avoid using stack allocated buffers when performing USB I/O V4L / DVB : pvrusb2 : New feature to mark specific hardware support as experimental V4L / DVB : pvrusb2 : Fix kernel oops at device unregistration V4L / DVB : pvrusb2 : Fix USB parent device reference count V4L / DVB : pvrusb2 : Fix minor internal array allocation V4L / DVB : pvrusb2 : Fix kernel oops on device tear - down Mike Snitzer ( 3 ) : block : Adjust elv_iosched_show to return " none " for bio - based DM block : avoid unconditionally freeing previously allocated request_queue block : make blk_init_free_list and elevator_init idempotent Mikulas Patocka ( 1 ) : Fix colors for Mach64 Nick Piggin ( 9 ) : fs/ splice.c : fix mapping_gfp_mask usage brd : support discard fix setattr error handling in sysfs , configfs fix setattr error handling in sysfs , configfs fix truncate inode time modification breakage frv : invoke oom - killer from page fault m32r : invoke oom - killer from page fault mn10300 : invoke oom - killer from page fault xtensa : invoke oom - killer from page fault Nicolas Kaiser ( 1 ) : drm : fix typos in Linux DRM Developer 's Guide Nir Tzachar ( 1 ) : nconfig : minor fix Oleg Nesterov ( 1 ) : sys_personality : change sys_personality ( ) to accept " unsigned int " instead of u_long Oliver Endriss ( 6 ) : V4L/DVB : ngene : Support new device ' Digital Devices DuoFlex S2 miniPCIe ' V4L/DVB : ngene :
Do not call demuxer with interrupts disabled V4L / DVB : ngene : Implement support for MSI V4L / DVB : ngene : Make command timeout workaround configurable V4L / DVB : ngene : MSI cleanup V4L/ DVB : ngene : Remove debug message Olof Johansson ( 1 ) : powerpc / pasemi : Update MAINTAINERS file Paul Mackerras ( 1 ) : agp / uninorth : Fix oops caused by flushing too much Paul Mundt ( 11 ) : serial : sh - sci : fix up serial DMA build .
sh : handle early calls to return_address ( ) when using dwarf unwinder .
input : serio : disable i8042 for non-cayman sh platforms .
usb : gadget : m66592-udc pio to mmio accessor conversion .
usb : gadget : r8a66597-udc pio to mmio accessor conversion .
usb : r8a66597 - hcd pio to mmio accessor conversion .
sh : support for platforms without PIO .
sh : mach - sdk7786 : conditionally disable PIO support .
sh : PIO disabling for x3 proto and urquell .
clocksource : sh_cmt : compute mult and shift before registration sh : Make intc messages consistent via pr_fmt .
Peter Zijlstra ( 7 ) : perf_events :
Fix races and clean up perf_event and perf_mmap_data interaction perf_events :
Fix races in group composition perf_events , trace : Fix probe unregister race perf_events , trace : Fix perf_trace_destroy ( ) , mutex went missing sched : Fix wake_affine ( ) vs RT tasks sched , trace : Fix sched_switch ( ) prev_state argument perf :
Fix crash in swevents Phil Sutter ( 3 ) : korina : fix deadlock on RX FIFO overrun korina : use netdev_alloc_skb_ip_align ( ) here , too korina : count RX DMA OVR as rx_fifo_error Philipp Kohlbecher ( 1 ) : .gitignore : ignore *.lzo files Philipp Reisner ( 4 ) : drbd : Revert " drbd : Create new current UUID as late as possible " drbd : Removed the now empty w_io_error ( ) function drbd : Reduce verbosity Preparing 8.3.8rc2 Pierre Tardy ( 1 ) : perf scripts python : Give field dict to unhandled callback Ping Cheng ( 1 ) : Input : wacom - add Cintiq 21UX2 and Intuos4 WL Prarit Bhargava ( 2 ) : libertas : fix uninitialized variable warning V4L / DVB : Add notification to cxusb_dualdig4_rev2_frontend_attach ( ) error handling Rabin Vincent ( 1 ) : scripts : add ARM support to decodecode Rafael J. Wysocki ( 2 ) : ACPI / EC / PM : Fix race between EC transactions and system suspend ACPI / EC / PM : Fix names of functions that block / unblock EC transactions Randy Dunlap ( 7 ) : edac : fix i7 core build blktrace :
Fix new kernel - doc warnings V4L / DVB : [ - next ] IR : fix ir - nec - decoder build , select BITREVERSE V4L/DVB : ak881 x needs slab.h V4L/ DVB : media / IR : nec - decoder needs to select BITREV Documentation / timers / hpet_example.c : only build on X86 Staging : phison : depends on ATA_BMDMA Richard Kennedy ( 1 ) : gconfig : fix build failure on fedora 13 Roberto Sassu ( 1 ) : wrong type for ' magic ' argument in simple_fill_super ( )
Roland Dreier ( 1 ) : epic100 : Test __BIG_ENDIAN instead of ( non-existent ) CONFIG_BIG_ENDIAN
Roland McGrath ( 1 ) : kconfig CROSS_COMPILE option Rusty Russell ( 7 ) : module : fix reference to mod-> percpu after freeing module .
module : fix kdb's illicit use of struct module_use .
module : move sysfs exposure to end of load_module module :
Make module sysfs functions private .
module : make locking more fine - grained .
module : verify_export_symbols under the lock module : fix bne2 " gave up waiting for init of module libcrc32c " Ryusuke Konishi ( 2 ) : nilfs2 : fix style issue in nilfs_destroy_cachep nilfs2 : remove obsolete declarations of cache constructor and destructor Rémi Denis - Courmont ( 1 ) : Phonet : listening socket lock protects the connected socket list Sarah Sharp ( 3 ) : USB : xhci :
Wait for controller to be ready after reset .
USB : xhci :
Wait for host to start running .
USB : xhci : Print NEC firmware version .
Sascha Hauer ( 2 ) : ASoC : Add missing Kconfig entry for Phytec boards ASoC : MX31ads sound support should depend on MACH_MX31ADS_WM1133_EV1 Sathya Perla ( 1 ) : be2net : convert hdr.timeout in be_cmd_loopback_test ( ) to le32 Scott Feldman ( 1 ) : enic : bug fix : make the set / get netlink VF_PORT support symmetrical Scott Wood ( 1 ) : powerpc / e500 mc : Implement machine check handler .
Sebastian Andrzej Siewior ( 3 ) : powerpc / fsl - booke : fix the case where we are not in the first page powerpc / fsl - booke :
Move the entry setup code into a seperate file powerpc / kexec :
Add support for FSL - BookE Shaohua Li ( 1 ) : cfq- iosched : fix an oops caused by slab leak Sonic Zhang ( 1 ) : serial : bfin_5xx : fix typo in IER check Sreedhara DS ( 1 ) : Staging : mid : Intel MID touch screen driver Stefan Richter ( 1 ) : libata - sff : trivial corrections to Kconfig help text Stefan Ringel ( 10 ) : V4L/DVB : tm6000 : add extension module support V4L / DVB : tm6000 : Remove an extra ; symbol V4L/ DVB : tm6000 : bugfix incorrect size V4L / DVB : tm6000 : add vbi message inside the type switch V4L / DVB : tm6000 : bugfix video image V4L / DVB : tm6000 : bugfix stabilizing urb data V4L / DVB : tm6000 : Add control to the power led V4L / DVB : tm6000 : Properly select the tuners V4L / DVB : tm6000 : set variable dev_mode in function tm6000_start_stream V4L/DVB : tm6000 : add DVB support for tuner xc5000 Stefan Roese ( 2 ) : powerpc / 44 x :
Add reset - type to katmai.dts powerpc / 44x : Add basic ICON PPC440SPe board support Steffen Klassert ( 1 ) : net : check for refcount if pop a stacked dst_entry Stepan Moskovchenko ( 1 ) : Staging : add MSM framebuffer driver Stephane Eranian ( 1 ) : perf_events :
Fix event scheduling issues introduced by transactional API Stephen Hemminger ( 9 ) : scripts : improve checkstack checkincludes : fix perlcritic warnings checkversion : perl cleanup namespace : perlcritic warnings profile2 linkerlist : fix perl warnings export_report : fix perl warnings headers_check : fix perl warnings headers_install : use local file handles headerdep : perlcritic warning Stephen Rothwell ( 1 ) : i7core_edac : do not export static functions Sven Eckelmann ( 3 ) : Staging : batman - adv : Call unregister_netdev on failures to get rtnl lock Staging : batman -adv : Do n't call free_netdev twice Staging : batman -adv : Do n't allocate icmp packet with GFP_KERNEL Takashi Iwai ( 2 ) : usb / gadget : Replace the old USB audio FU definitions in f_audio.c ALSA : asihpi - Fix uninitialized variable Takuya Yoshikawa ( 1 ) : binfmt_elf_fdpic : Fix clear_user ( ) error handling Tejun Heo ( 5 ) : sata_via : magic vt6421 fix for transmission problems w/ WD drives sata_nv : do n't diddle with nIEN on mcp55 SCSI : implement sd_unlock_native_capacity ( ) libata : use the enlarged capacity after late HPA unlock libata : implement on - demand HPA unlocking Thadeu Lima de Souza Cascardo ( 1 ) : fbdev : fix frame buffer devices menu Theodore Ts'o ( 1 ) : ext4 :
Make sure the MOVE_EXT ioctl can't overwrite append - only files Thomas Abraham ( 1 ) : USB : s3 c : Enable soft disconnect during initialization Thomas Hellstrom ( 6 ) : drm/vmwgfx :
Add kernel throttling support .
Bump minor .
drm/vmwgfx : Reserve first part of VRAM for framebuffer .
drm/vmwgfx : Remove some leftover debug messages .
drm/ttm : Fix cached TTM page allocation .
drm/ttm : Fix ttm_page_alloc.c drm/vmwgfx : Fix vga save / restore with display topology .
Tiago Vignatti ( 2 ) : vgaarb : convert pr_devel ( ) to pr_debug ( ) vgaarb : use MIT license Tim Abbott ( 5 ) : Rename .data.cacheline_aligned to .data..cacheline_aligned .
Rename .data.init_task to .data..init_task .
powerpc : remove unused __page_aligned definition .
Rename .data.page_aligned to .data..page_aligned .
Rename .bss.page_aligned to .bss..page_aligned .
Tirumala Marri ( 1 ) : powerpc / 44x : Adding PCI -E support for PowerPC 460SX based SOC .
Tobias Klauser ( 4 ) : drm/i915 : Storage class should be before const qualifier altera_uart :
Do n't take spinlock in already protected functions altera_uart : Simplify altera_uart_console_putc serial : altera_uart : Proper section for altera_uart_remove
Tony Luck ( 1 ) : i7core_edac : do n't free on success Uwe Kleine - König ( 7 ) : modpost : members of * driver structs should not point to __init functions modpost : define ALL_XXX{IN , EX}IT_SECTIONS modpost : give most mismatch constants a better name modpost : pass around const struct sectioncheck * instead of enum mismatch modpost : remove now unused NO_MISMATCH constant modpost : make symbol white list a per mismatch type variable modpost : do n't allow * driver to reference .init . *
Vadim Bendebury (?? ) ( 1 ) : menuconfig : wrap long help lines Vasanthakumar Thiagarajan ( 1 ) : ath9 k : Fix bug in the way " bf_tx_aborted " of struct ath_buf is used Venkatesh Pallipadi ( 1 ) : ACPI : Eliminate us to pm ticks conversion in common path Vernon Mauery ( 2 ) : Always call i7core_[ur]dimm_check_mc_ecc_err
Add support for Westmere to i7core_edac driver Warren Bosworth Focke ( 1 ) : V4L/DVB : gspca - sonixj : Add webcam 0c45:60ce Wolfram Sang ( 3 ) : of / powerpc : fix fsl_msi device node pointer i2c / busses :
Move two drivers to embedded section i2c : Remove all i2c_set_clientdata( client , NULL ) in drivers Wu Zhangjin ( 1 ) : scripts / Makefile.lib : Align the output of LZO Xiaotian Feng ( 1 ) : netfilter : do n't xt_jumpstack_alloc twice in xt_register_table Yegor Yefremov ( 1 ) : serial : add support for various Titan PCI cards Yusuke Goda ( 1 ) : sh : Add support MMCIF for ecovec Zhao Yakui ( 1 ) : ACPI : Fix the incorrect calculation about C - state idle time Zhenyu Wang ( 3 ) : drm/i915 : Fix HDMI mode select for Cougarpoint PCH drm /i915 : Fix PIPE_CONTROL command on Sandybridge drm/i915 : Unmask interrupt for render engine on Sandybridge Zou Nan hai ( 4 ) : drm/i915 : introduce intel_ring_buffer structure ( V2 ) drm/i915 : convert some gem structures to per-ring V2 drm/i915 : implement BSD ring buffer V2 drm/i915 : add HAS_BSD check to i915 _getparam apatard@mandriva.com ( 1 ) : staging : Add framebuffer driver for XGI chipsets nir.tzachar@gmail.com ( 1 ) : kconfig : new configuration interface ( nconfig ) --
To unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
Please read the FAQ at http://www.tux.org/lkml/
Image caption Del Toro described the job as a " dream come true "
Guillermo del
Toro will no longer direct the two movies based on JRR Tolkien 's The Hobbit , reports said .
Speaking exclusively to fan site The One Ring , Del Toro said it was with " great regret " that he would be " taking leave " of the films .
" In light of ongoing delays in the setting of a start date for filming The Hobbit , I am faced with the hardest decision of my life , " he said .
However , del Toro added that he will continue to co-write the screenplays .
The project - which has already been delayed for several years - is expected to last longer than originally expected .
Executive producer Peter Jackson reportedly said Del Toro could not commit to living in New Zealand for that long .
The movie is yet to be officially greenlit by MGM due to the film studio's ongoing financial troubles , which have also delayed work indefinitely on the next James Bond film .
In 2008 , when it was announced del Toro would direct , he described the job as " an absolute dream come true " .
The Hobbit was due to be split into two films , both prequels to Jackson 's Oscar - winning Lord of the Rings trilogy - to be released in 2012 and 2013 .
The trilogy 's film adaptations , released between 2001 and 2003 , made an estimated $ 6bn ( £ 3.26 bn ) worldwide in ticket , DVD and merchandise sales and won 16 Academy Awards .
Julia Gillard will not be hurt by revealing she is an atheist .
Of the 12 prime ministers preceding her , Kevin Rudd alone was overtly Christian , writes press gallery veteran Rob Chalmers .
Julia Gillard will not be hurt by revealing ( when questioned , note ) she is an atheist .
Of the 12 prime ministers preceding her , Kevin Rudd alone was overtly Christian .
He wore it like a neon sign on his sleeve .
Press conferences outside church on a Sunday were common .
For sheer crassness , it was hard to top the efforts of Rudd in lobbying the Pope to declare Mary McKillop a saint .
It beats John Howard ’s performance of visiting Bob Santamaria on his deathbed .
Howard must have known that Santamaria , although the fearsome enemy of Communism , could not stand him .
In the end none of this helped Rudd when the polls began to drop .
Of the PMs who came to , or remained in office , as a result of an election , neither Curtin , Chifley , Menzies , Holt , Gorton , Whitlam , Fraser , Hawke , Keating or Howard was regularly seen on their knees , apart from funerals and weddings .
( I include those who remained in office as a result of an election because some became PM as a result of changes in party leadership — for example , Gorton became PM on the death of Holt and subsequently won the 1969 election ) .
Hawke as PM was an agnostic and Whitlam a proud atheist .
Whitlam earned the undying hatred of the churches when he removed the sales tax from the contraceptive pill for women .
The general population thought it a great idea .
The founding fathers wisely decided that Australia should have a secular Constitution , not attached to any religion .
Whitlam ’s most famous reference to the Almighty came with his dismissal by the Governor - General , Sir John Kerr in 1975 .
Then came the dramatic reading of the instrument of dissolution of the parliament on the front steps of the building by Kerr ’s secretary , David Smith .
The steps were crowded with onlookers and MPs and Whitlam was slightly behind Smith looking over his shoulder .
When Smith finished his reading with the standard exhortation ‘ God save the Queen ’ , Whitlam told those assembled : “ Well may he say God save the Queen , for nothing will save the Governor - General . ”
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
Last Easter , the churches and atheists had a good old stoush on whether or not there is a God .
Whatever the intellectual argument , it ’s clear most Australians could n’t care less about God .
Bureau of Statistics figures show that in 2001 barely 10 % named a Christian religion to which they adhered .
Between 1996 and 2001 ( a mere five years ) , the number of adherents dropped by 7 % .
The biggest denomination , Catholic was a mere 764,800 in 2001 , amounting to a dismaying drop ( for the church ) of 13 % .
Anglican / Protestant , the next biggest denomination at 759,000 , was steady .
Only the Holy roller , hot gospeller , minority groups gained substantial ground .
Church attendance is currently less than 8 % of the total population and those at church are mostly grey haired old ladies .
The small Muslim population is , of course , devoted to their Mosque and there is a much smaller group of Buddhists .
Fortunately the Almighty , unlike the unfortunate United States , does not receive calls from political leaders ( even Rudd when PM ) to assist them in their various missions .
George Bush was always calling on Him ( or Her for the sisterhood ) for assistance in wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In Canberra , the Lord ’s Prayer is read by the speaker and senate president every day to start proceedings .
This was not the practice in the first parliament after Federation and it was because of pressure from a much larger ( proportionately ) population of Christians that the parliament agreed to prayers .
Gillard will of course show respect to those who have religious faith , but Australians generally , apart from having no interest in religion , regard it as a private matter as they do s-xual preferences of others .
Tony Abbott , who once trained for the priesthood , is a devout Catholic , but will not attempt to make anything of Gillard ’s atheism .
He should make sure that every Coalition MP gets this message .
In 1961 Frazetta returned to regular comics and focused on his own style , a bit awkward after working for Al Capp for 9 years .
An avid and skilled baseball player he turned down an offer to play baseball for the New York Giants .
He found work with Harvey Kurtzman and worked on Little Annie Fanny for Playboy magazine .
Handsome , muscular , and charismatic , Frazetta was popular with women and had a string of intense romances .
In 1952 , at the age of 24 , Frazetta met petite seventeen - year - old Eleanor Kelly and his playboy days came to an end .
" I sensed that she would be forever loyal and I never ever had that feeling about any other girl .
I 'd been involved with , " Frazetta says .
" Sure , she had most of the physical attributes I looked for in a women , she was beautiful and athletic .
But beyond that she was very sharp and alert and pert and she knew a lot of things I did n't know . "
After four years of dating they were married on November 17th 1956 .
In the early 1950s Frank Frazetta worked for EC Comics , National Comics ( which featured the character " Shining Knight " ) , fantasy book company Avon and several other fantasy / comic book companies .
Comic books included John Wayne Comics , Buck Rogers , Famous Funnies and Ghost Rider and a long list of others , a testament to Frank Frazetta 's dedication , his playful energy and his diverse interests .
George Lucas later claimed that Frazetta 's artwork for Buck Rogers was the inspiration for the Star Wars Saga .
At age 16 Frazetta started looking for work and drawing illustrations for comic books : Westerns , fantasy , mysteries , histories and other contemporary themes .
He later turned down multiple job offers from Walt Disney in the late 1940s .
Frazetta 's abilities flourished under Falanga and the teacher thought of sending young Frazetta to Europe to further his studies , at his own expense .
Falanga died suddenly in 1944 and the school closed a year later .
When he went to kindergarden his teachers were astonished that a five - year - old child was drawing better then ten - year - olds .
At the age of 8 Frazetta 's parents were encouraged and convinced by his school teachers to enroll him in the Brooklyn Academy of Fine Arts .
He attended the academy for eight years under the tutelage of Michael Falanga , an award - winning Italian fine artist .
When the two first met Falanga sat the boy down with pencil and paper and asked him to copy a picture of a group of ducks .
30 minutes later he returned to check on Frazetta 's progress , took one look at the drawing , grabbed it and leaped into the air shouting : " Mama Mia , Mama Mia !
We have a genius here ! "
Frazetta began drawing at the age of three and sold his first work soon after :
He sold his first crayon drawing to Grandma for the tidy sum of one penny .
Fantasy artist Frank Frazzetta ( he later would drop one of the Zs ) was born February 9th , 1928 in Brooklyn , New York , the only boy in a family with 3 sisters .
He is widely considered to be the most influential and most emulated fantasy artist in history .
BP is Burning Sea Turtles Alive
Mike Ellis is a boat captain who 's been rescuing the endangered Kemp 's Ridley sea turtles near Deepwater Horizon .
He 's got some pretty horrifying news to share : BP is burning turtles caught in the oil spill and turning away rescue workers who want to save them .
William Hague , the foreign secretary in the Conservative shadow cabinet , was officially appointed Wednesday as British foreign secretary .
The new appointment can be seen as good news for Israel 's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , in more ways than one .
Hague , 49 , replaced John Major as leader of the Conservative Party in `97 , but lost the premiership to Tony Blair and was forced to wait until 2010 before finally entering the government .
Following Gordon 's Brown resignation , Queen Elizabeth appointed David Cameron as his replacement , and the new British prime minister announced that Hague would be his first appointment .
The man who lost to Blair in 2001 and immediately resigned as the party 's leader , rehabilitated the party in the opposition and already knows what his first mission in office will be .
" The most urgent thing is the Iranian nuclear program , " Hague said recently in an interview to the Jewish Chronicle .
" We have consistently been the party arguing for tough sanctions and a strong European approach over the last few years and are very frustrated that that has n’t emerged strongly enough .
" Unlike the Liberal Democrats , we do n’t say you rule out for ever any military action .
However , we are not calling for that .
The way I usually put it is that Iran getting nuclear bomb may be a calamity , although military action may be calamitous .
This is why we need peaceful pressure .
But to simply take all military efforts off the table is reducing the pressure on Iran . "
William Hague .
Finally entering government ( Photo : Reuters )
Over the past year Israel has clashed with the Labour government , headed by Brown and Foreign Secretary David Miliband , on several occasions .
One of the main issues of dispute was the use of British passports in the assassination of senior Hamas figure Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai .
Hague responded to the matter politely , but clarified that Israel had " more questions " to answer on the apparent use of false British passports .
He said that there was " great concern " about the forging of passports and that " our own particular national interest is in protecting the passports of UK individuals . "
Livni , Barak to return to kingdom ?
Hague said the Brown cabinet did the right thing by inviting Israeli Ambassador to Britain Ron Prosor to discuss the passport affair , rather than summoning him firmly .
" There was no need to humiliate him , " he told the 170 guests at a British - Israel Chamber of Commerce dinner in Manchester the same evening .
He added , however , that he wanted assurances from Israel that it was not misusing British passports for its own ends .
Hague 's appointment is expected to give Israeli leaders the option to return to London .
The new foreign secretary is in favor of changing the law preventing Israeli leaders and army officials from visiting the kingdom for fear of being arrested for war crimes .
Arrest warrants have been issued over the past year both against Opposition Chairwoman Tzipi Livni and Defense Minister Ehud Barak .
' National interest in protecting the passports of UK individuals '
The difference between the Conservative and Labour parties in terms of the Middle East peace process is not big , but Hague believes the change of government could help the negotiations .
He said recently that Britain has not been sufficiently involved in the peace process in the past few years and has not made many efforts to restart the process .
" Yes , we are friends of Israel .
We are concerned that if a two - state solution is not arrived at soon , then it will never be .
And that that would not be in the long - term interests of Israel and that is why we want to see all parties involved being prepared to negotiate . "
' 23 state solution '
Hague stresses that he is a " natural friend " of Israel , but does not spare criticism against the Jewish state on the settlement construction issue .
However , it appears that his criticism is not too critical .
" The recent announcement of a new project in east Jerusalem during a visit by US Vice President Joe Biden was not a great way to advance diplomatic relations .
It was a mistake to make it public in that way although it was probably an accident in terms of the timing .
These sorts of things can happen , particularly within coalition governments , but that 's a great shame that it came out when it did , " he said .
" There are things that we 're asking of Israel , such as the freeze on settlement expansion , but there are also important things we ask of Palestinians .
And we still have the issue of dealing with Hamas in Gaza , an organization that does n't recognize Israel . "
Gaza on fire during Operation Cast Lead .
Hague understood Israel 's stand ( Photo : AP )
" So it 's absolutely true that the pressure must be applied on all sides , " he added .
" Foreign Secretary David Miliband has often spoken about needing not a two - state solution but a 23 - state solution of all the Arab states , and this is true . "
Hague has visited Israel in the past and examined the security problems up close .
" I 've travelled across the country .
I 've stood on the Golan Heights and swam in the Sea of Galilee .
I 've stood on the part of the West Bank where you can see the Mediterranean , where you really understand Israel 's strategic fragility .
But we are candid friends , which means we do n't always agree . "
Hague criticized Israel during the Second Lebanon War as well , saying that the fighting damaged its image among the international community .
He voiced a different opinion about Operation Cast Lead in Gaza .
" There are still things I think that need examining about this conflict but I did n't use the term ' disproportionate ' because , in this instance , Israel was under repeated rocket attack .
This has to be kept in mind .
We did want a ceasefire as soon as possible but always stressed the need for a ceasefire on both sides for it to be effective . "
Nonetheless , he said the Goldstone report , which accused Israel and Hamas of committing war crimes in Gaza , should not be dismissed .
" Goldstone raised some important issues , which all concerned have to address .
And of course democracies and free societies are held to high standards and should be . "
Berlin , Germany ( CNN ) -- German President Horst Koehler resigned suddenly Monday over what he said was heavy criticism about comments he made on Germany 's military role in the world , which he said had been misinterpreted .
It was the first time in German history that a president has resigned , the government - funded Deutsche Welle news agency reported .
Koehler said May 22 upon his return from a trip to Afghanistan that " in emergencies , military intervention is necessary to uphold our interests , like for example free trade routes , for example to prevent regional instabilities which could have a negative impact on our chances in terms of trade , jobs and income . "
He later said he meant the protection of shipping routes along the Gulf of Aden against piracy , for example , and not any reference to Germany 's role in Afghanistan .
But his comments came in for widespread criticism .
Crticis said he was framing Germany 's involvement in the Afghan war in economic terms having to do with self - interest , rather than as a duty in fulfilling a NATO mission in the fight against terrorism .
Others said his comments indicated he would use the military unconstitutionally and for economic reasons .
Germany has 4,500 troops in a NATO - led force fighting a Taliban - led insurgency in Afghanistan .
Polls show that most Germans oppose the war in Afghanistan , but the government has not set a date for the withdrawal of troops .
Koehler , 67 , made the surprise resignation announcement at a televised news conference with his wife standing next to him .
He appeared visibly emotional , the Deutsche Welle news outlet reported .
" I am resigning my post as federal president with immediate effect , " Koehler said .
" It was an honor for me to serve Germany as president , " he said .
" I thank the many people in Germany who have put their trust in me and supported my work .
I ask for you to understand my decision . "
The president 's office is largely ceremonial .
Chancellor Angela Merkel heads the government and holds the real power .
Merkel found out about the resignation a short while before Koehler 's announcement , Deutsche Welle said .
She canceled a trip to northern Italy to visit the training camp of the German national soccer team as the squad prepares for next month 's World Cup , the government news agency said .
Speaking at a news conference in Berlin , Merkel said she was stunned by Koehler 's decision .
' I deeply regret this resignation , " Merkel said .
" I must add that I of course told him also I respect his decision to resign . "
Merkel also said she had " unsuccessfully tried to get him to change his mind , " Deutsche Welle said .
The resignation comes at an inopportune time for Merkel , whose center - right coalition recently lost an important state election and suffered another resignation of a key ally last week , Deutsche Welle said .
The German constitution mandates that the head of the Bundesrat , the upper house of parliament that represents Germany 's federal states , will temporarily take over the president 's duties .
Jens Boehrnsen , the Social Democratic mayor of Bremen , holds the rotating position of Bundesrat leader this year and will assume the president 's duties .
Boehrnsen will fill in for Koehler until an electoral college , the Federal Convention , elects a successor .
The convention must convene within 30 days -- by June 30 in this case .
The president in Germany is not elected by the people , but by the Federal Convention .
The secret ballot vote is held without prior debate and requires an absolute majority to elect a president .
If none of the candidates wins an absolute majority after two rounds of voting , the person with a simple majority in the third round is selected president .
The Federal Convention is Germany 's largest parliamentary body .
All of the members of the lower house of parliament , the Bundestag , can vote .
A corresponding number of representatives from the federal states also are entitled to vote .
The convention , which had 1,224 members at the time , last met in May 2009 to re-elect Koehler .
Koehler , a former managing director of the International Monetary Fund , was first elected president in 2004 .
The Russian Foreign Ministry announced Thursday that a new round of sanctions imposed on Iran by the UN Security Council do not obligate Moscow to renege on a sale of S - 300 missiles to Tehran .
Curbing Iran UN approves Iran sanctions Yitzhak Benhorin Twelve Security Council members endorse fourth round of sanctions against Tehran ; Turkey and Brazil vote against proposal , Lebanon abstains ; decision marks compromise between US demands , Russia 's and China 's conditions UN approves Iran sanctions
Ministry spokesman Andrei Nesterenko was responding to a report by Interfax news agency , which said Russia would freeze a contract to sell the missile defense system to Iran .
" The S - 300 system is not included in the UN resolution on Iran , " Nestrenko said .
" Because the resolution includes certain qualifications regarding different types of weapons , I can say defense systems are not included . "
However he did not reject Interfax 's report .
Earlier , the Russian news agency cited an unidentified source in Russia 's arms industry as saying that " naturally , the contract to deliver S - 300 missile systems will be frozen " .
A number of Russian officials had insisted the new sanctions would not prevent the sale of the S - 300 , which can shoot down several aircraft or missiles simultaneously .
The sanctions resolution did not refer specifically to the Russian contract , but it requires the various states to take the steps necessary to prevent Iran from acquiring more missile technology .
Recently the United States and Israel have repeatedly urged Russia not to sell the missiles to Iran , despite the contract signed in 2007 .
The S -300 would significantly improve Iran 's defense against air - strikes , which Israel has not yet denied it would perform .
June 24 , 2010
AS MEMBERS of the House of Representatives and Senate patch together a final version of financial reform legislation , it 's increasingly clear that Wall Street and its army of lobbyists have won the battle to keep the bill from making any real changes in how America 's biggest banks do business .
That means there will be nothing to prevent banks from taking the kinds of risks that could lead to another 2008 - style financial flameout .
And if that happens , there will be no alternative to the federal government conducting another taxpayer - funded bailout of the Wall Street fat cats .
" [ A ] t the end of the day , essentially nothing in the entire legislation will reduce the potential for massive system risk as we head into the next credit cycle , " wrote Simon Johnson in a recent blog post .
Different versions of financial reform legislation passed the House and Senate earlier this year .
Both were incredibly weak compared to what was expected after the 2008 Wall Street crash pushed the economy into a recession .
But now , with lawmakers from both houses working through the " conference " process that resolves differences between the two bills , already feeble legislation is being further gutted , with lobbyists from the banking industry pushing members of both parties to remove every provision they find objectionable .
At this point , it appears that the final bill will do nothing to limit the size of " too big to fail " banks .
It wo n't regulate credit default swaps -- the form of financial insurance on investments going bad that was at the heart of the 2008 crisis .
It will have only modest measures to make more transparent the trading of Wall Street 's massively complicated investments known as derivatives .
The legislation will do nothing to change Wall Street 's bonus culture .
It wo n't force a re-separation of commercial and investment banking that existed under the Glass - Steagall Act passed after the 1929 Wall Street crash .
The law wo n't stop predatory lending and does n't provide for mortgage reform .
And if the lobbyists get their way , it 's possible that whatever regulations do end up in the final version may not even be enacted for another seven years .
EVEN THE most discussed provisions of the legislation are withering away to nothing .
For example , the so - called Volcker rule - - a proposal made by former Federal Reserve Chair Paul Volcker to bar banks from making investments not on behalf of customers and from sponsoring or participating in hedge funds and private equity funds -- appears to be on the way out as negotiations continue .
Incredibly , the legislation may end up giving banks more leeway to operate hedge funds than they had before .
As the bill stands now , banks would be allowed to invest up to 2 percent of core capital , composed of common stock and financial reserves , in hedge funds and private equity funds .
The big banks might have to divest some holdings to get below that threshold , but they wo n't have to get out of the hedge fund business entirely .
As a sign that the rule will actually expand the banks ' ability to speculate , Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase are all rapidly trying to line up deals to acquire additional hedge funds in anticipation of the bill 's passage .
JPMorgan is reportedly working on buying the Brazilian asset management firm Gávea Investments , and Citigroup is about to raise $ 3 billion to expand its hedge fund and private equity units .
The much - hyped consumer protection agency is expected to make it into the final bill .
The agency is supposed to help protect borrowers from predatory products .
But it will be overseen by the Federal Reserve -- which answers directly to the banks .
Moreover , according to reports , language in the legislation will make 8,000 of the nation 's 8,200 banks exempt from agency oversight .
Also at issue in the negotiations is whether to exempt auto dealers from regulation .
Ultimately , the agency will have no real power .
In addition , the banks and their lobbyists were able to remove the proposal for a bailout fund .
At one point , there was a plan to create a $ 150 billion fund -- paid for by large financial institutions -- that would be available if another rescue of the financial system was necessary .
But that provision was jettisoned this week .
Instead , the bill will require " regulators to certify they have a plan to pay for liquidations after the fact , " reported the Los Angeles Times .
That 's a meaningless rule -- and it means that when the financial system crashes again , taxpayers will be on the hook .
The legislation also wo n't force banks to maintain higher capital reserves .
Late Wednesday , Senate and House lawmakers said the final bill would limit banks to a debt - to - equity ratio of 15 - to - 1-- meaning that for every $ 1 in capital held by a bank , it could have $ 15 in debt .
At the peak of the boom years , some Wall Street banks had leverage ratios of 30 - or 40 - to - 1 .
But the 15 - to - 1 cap is hardly tough .
On the day it filed for bankruptcy , the former investment bank Lehman Brothers was leveraged somewhere between 8 - to - 1 and 10 - to - 1 .
When it comes to the complex financial gambles that Wall Street calls derivatives , the House and Senate are still debating final language , but it 's likely that the stringent idea of requiring all derivatives to be traded on regulated exchanges and forcing banks to shed their derivatives businesses -- which was included in the final Senate version of the legislation -- will be dropped .
From all indications , the bill will be so watered down that it will have almost no effect on how Wall Street functions .
" Wall Street has always been very skilled at getting around rules , and this law will be no exception , " Frank Partnoy , a law professor at the University of San Diego and former trader at Morgan Stanley , told the New York Times .
" Once you open up the door just a crack , Wall Street shoves the door open and runs right through it . "
Congress is racing to get the legislation ready before this weekend 's G - 20 summit in Canada .
The Obama administration wants to use the bill as a talking point when world leaders discuss the world economy and the measures that governments will take in the coming months .
But Washington 's weak reform will be a warning to other nations not to enact any strict reforms themselves .
If they do , international banks will recognize just how generous conditions in the U.S. remain .
HOW DID it come to this ?
How could Wall Street end up emerging from the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression on stronger footing ?
Firstly , the Obama administration clearly waited too long to push for financial reforms .
The time to enact changes would have been right after Obama took office in 2009 .
Wall Street was on life support and owed its survival to the government 's bailout -- it could n't have fought off changes at that point .
By waiting -- and by nursing banks back to profitability with more than $ 14 trillion in loans , guarantees and direct infusions of cash -- the government gave Wall Street time to consolidate and prepare to defeat tougher reform measures .
That delay begs the question of whether the Obama administration really wanted to reform Wall Street in the first place .
Secondly , the incestuous relationship between Wall Street and Washington meant that Congress had no interest in bringing the hammer down on the financial sector .
As Sen. Dick Durbin said last April , " [ T ] he banks -- hard to believe in a time when we 're facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created -- are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill .
And they frankly own the place . "
So it should be no surprise that Congress is bending to the immense lobbying effort that the banks have undertaken .
On top of that , there 's the revolving - door culture between Wall Street and Washington .
This is true at the highest levels , where the post of Treasury Secretary is often filled by former Wall Street executives .
But it 's true lower down as well -- at least 56 industry lobbyists have served on the personal staffs of the 43 Senate and House members shaping the legislation in the conference committee negotiations , according to Public Citizen .
Moreover , the members of the conference committee have received more than $ 112 million over the past 20 years from political action committees or employees of industries affected by the legislation .
These 43 lawmakers are just 8 percent of Congress , but have received 16 percent of Wall Street 's donations , according to the Center for Responsive Politics .
Overall , since 1989 , the finance , insurance and real estate sector has poured $ 695 million into the campaign committees and political action committees of current members of Congress .
For its part , the Obama administration offered a lot of empty rhetoric in the lead - up to the final bill 's unveiling .
The president has talked up " strong oversight of derivatives " even while White House and Treasury officials argued behind the scenes to gut the provisions that made it this far .
As Simon Johnson wrote :
Simply claiming that the president is " tough " on big banks simply will not wash .
There are too many facts , too much accumulated evidence , pointing exactly the other way .
The president signed off on the most generous and least conditional bailout in world financial history .
This is now widely understood .
The administration has scrambled to create some political cover in terms of " reform " -- but the lack of substance here is already clear to people who follow it closely , and public perceptions will shift quickly .
In the end , no matter how obvious it is that the big banks bear responsibility for the financial system 's crash , Wall Street -- predictably - - was n't willing to give up its profits or powers without a fight .
That 's a fight we can't trust Barack Obama and the Democrats to take up .
Only by building a grassroots movement for economic justice can we pressure Washington to act -- and put a leash on Wall Street .
A new proposed bill in California would put digital advertisements on vehicle license plates to help pull the cash - strapped state out of dept .
Sen . Curren Price , D – Los Angeles , has proposed legislation that will make it possible for the Department of Motor Vehicles ( DMV ) to research digital license plates .
Those digital plates would run advertisements , with revenue going back to the state government .
" The Department of Motor Vehicles , by virtue of its interaction with millions of California drivers and vehicle owners each year , represents a valuable resource to the state , " the bill reads .
" The department may consider the use and development of existing or emerging technologies for the creation of a digital electronic license plate for the purpose of generating revenue for the department and state . "
IN PICTURES : Larger than life : Billboards around the world
While perhaps far - fetched , the idea could help California dig itself out of its current $ 19 billion deficit .
The bill goes on to explain that the DMV will be able to contract private manufacturers to research the idea and make the plates .
If all goes well , the DMV would eventually be open to ad submissions from local and national advertisers .
The ads would only be visible while a car is stopped .
When in motion , only a vehicle 's license plate number will be shown .
This serves to limit distractions while driving and allow people to identify license plates easily if necessary .
The bill is not complete yet .
Legislators are required to submit , by January 2011 , further explanations of how the license plate legislation would work .
A list detailing upcoming clarifications indicates that the digital license plates will allow car owners to customize a message for their plates , too .
While the DMV will likely retain final say over what can and cannot be displayed , this opens up a possibility of revenue from plate customization as well .
On top of creating ad revenue , the bill also states that digital license plates could save the state money by streamlining the registration and licensing process .
IN PICTURES : Larger than life : Billboards around the world
Jim Wilson / The New York Times
Apple ‘s chief executive apparently believes that his company made a mistake when it rejected an iPhone app from a cartoonist who is now a Pulitzer Prize winner .
An Apple spokeswoman did not comment Friday afternoon , but Steve Jobs , the Apple chief executive , responded by e-mail message to a customer , Robert Williamson , who asked about Mark Fiore ’s rejected app on Friday .
“ This was a mistake that ’s being fixed , ” Mr. Jobs replied .
Mr. Williamson forwarded the message to The New York Times after he mentioned it in a comment on this blog post .
Mr. Jobs is known to reply to customers from his personal Apple address , as Brad Stone documented in The Times last month .
In his message to Mr. Jobs on Friday morning , Mr. Williamson protested Apple ’s decision to reject the app , saying : “ While someone can still view these on the web with no problem , I would like to say that having these and others of their ilk available more widely as apps is a benefit to society .
While ridicule might be involved , they it can play an important role in civic discourse — look to the Fool in King Lear , or other similar jesters in a royal court for examples the importance of satire . ”
He added : “ Editorial cartoons of all stripes should get a pass when it comes to the license agreement with the exception of those that espouse violence . ”
Mr. Williamson added as a P.S. , “ my folks are enjoying the iPad I bought them ( and they are in their 90’s ) . ”
Mr. Jobs ’ reply was short and swift , as his messages to customers typically are .
“ Sent from my iPad , ” the signature line said , reflecting the default signature of the new Apple device .
From week to week , month to month , and year to year , our situation is getting bleaker .
They do what their rabbinical leader tells them to do .
They do n't recognize the authority of the state , or its institutions or laws , aside that which is related to the government 's coffers .
They do n't recognize the national anthem or the Israeli flag .
They do n't recognize methods of birth control , and instead fulfill the religious commandment of being fruitful .
They educate their offspring to hate the state .
In a country established on the principle of integrating Jews from all over the world - which succeeded rather well in terms of the secular society - the ultra-Orthodox have become a leading force behind racism and division in Israeli society .
When former Sephardi chief rabbi and Shas spiritual leader Ovadia Yosef - whose children , grandchildren and great - grandchildren have studied and continue to study at Ashkenazi educational institutions - calls for the Sephardi public to send their children exclusively to Sephardi institutions , he is sowing the seeds of racism .
And his reasoning is that anyone who studies at an Ashkenazi school " will have an Ashkenazi mind . "
For a country working to bring Jews from around the world together , the Haredim are taking us back to the Middle Ages . " Racism " of this kind has almost entirely disappeared within the secular community .
A huge number of " mixed " marriages are seen throughout the country , with the question of which community the bride or groom is from almost a thing of the past - or at least on the path to extinction .
Haredi racism is an abscess on Israeli society that needs to be removed as soon as possible .
As it appears impossible to solve , and as if it 's only getting worse , I am left with no other way to put an end to this other than reference to a poem by the German poet Heinrich Heine : " Rabbi Yehuda , a man of Navarre , and a Franciscan father by the name of Jose , in Toledo stand before Don Pedro ( known as " the cruel " ) and beside him his wife Donna Blanca , on the question of whose God is greater .
At the end of the debate , Don Pedro asks his wife for advice .
I do n't know who is right , she said , putting her hand on her forehead in thought and saying , ' But if the rabbi and the priest could both move back a little ; both of them stink . ' "
Reconoce el procurador del estado de M�xico , Alberto Bazbaz , que hubo deficiencias en la investigaci�n sobre la muerte de la menor
Video
� Se tendi� la cama y nunca vimos el cuerpo� .
Las hermanas Casimiro aseguran que después de la desaparición de la niña Paulette , revisaron cada rincón de su cuarto , sostienen que nunca estuvo el cuerpo en la recamara
Toluca , estado de M�xico | Viernes 21 de mayo de 2010
Eduardo Alonso/ corresponsal | El Universal
11:32
( CNN ) -- Gunshots and explosions ring out .
Soldiers , police and army trucks rumble through neighborhoods in the Thai capital ; a plane flies overhead .
Businesses are shuttered as barbed wire lines the streets .
Such is the reality that some Bangkok residents say they now find themselves in after the authorities began moves last week to evict thousands of anti-government protesters , known as the Red Shirts , from a downtown district .
At least 35 people have died since Thursday , including a key anti-government leader who was wounded by a sniper 's bullet last week .
" We can not really go anywhere outside .
We can not go to the place that we like to go or used to go .
We are actually living in a kind of fear , everyday , " said Prajya Aura -ek , 25 , a manager in charge of sales and marketing at his family 's boutique hotel , which is located about three kilometers from the protest camp .
" This morning I went out and walked around the Silom area with my camera , just taking photos ... but did not go far , just 200 meters , because last night there was a soldier who got shot right in front of our street , " Aura -ek , who travels to work everyday despite the escalating violence , told CNN by telephone .
" The fact that I have to drive here , you never know what you are going to run into .
Are you going to run into a Red Shirt mob ?
Are you going to run into a police checkpoint or a soldier checkpoint ?
All the time I am staying at the hotel , you have to be aware of the news the whole time , " he said , noting that their hotel had less than 10 percent occupancy --- down from a norm of 85 to 90 percent .
i Report : Are you there ?
Send your images , video
The Dusit hotel was also closed for normal business , with most guests and staff evacuated , according to the global hotel chain 's CEO Chanin Donavanik .
Only some foreign journalists were still being accommodated there .
" The hotel sustained some superficial damage to the exterior of the building in an unoccupied area , " Donavanik said in a statement .
" No one has been injured .
We are extremely saddened by the escalating situation . "
Donavanik denied any suggestion that the hotel had been used for violent purposes .
" We have not , and do not , condone the use of our premises for any act of violence and we can assure you that the reports of such activity from Dusit Thani Bangkok are completely false .
" The matter is now under police investigation .
As we have previously stated , we encourage all parties to end this situation peacefully as soon as possible , for the good of the people of Thailand . "
Another Bangkok resident , Nanta Tangudtaisak , a 26 - year - old business development manager , said she stopped going to work on Thursday since her office was located in an area where the Red Shirts had set up camp the last few months .
" Basically , I have n't gone out for the past four days .
I have just been staying inside .
Usually during the day , it 's pretty calm in this area , there are a lot of soldiers ... but at night you can hear a lot of gunshots , " said Tangudtaisak , whose family home is near an intersection where the protesters have set up barricades .
" I have hope that it 's going to end soon .
I have trust that the government will be able to stabilize the situation .
What makes the situation complicated is that there are infiltrators in the Red Shirts that do have weapons , " she said in a telephone interview .
" You know it 's kind of all of us being held hostage because of these infiltrators , that 's why we can't go out of our homes . "
On the scene : Bangkok at boiling point
Palawi Bunnag , a 33 - year - old attorney at the International Legal Counsellors Thailand , said she could hear gunfire , blasts and the sound of sirens from her office , which she said had to be evacuated on Friday afternoon because something --- it's not clear what --- happened to a building nearby .
" We were quite scared because we did not know what was going to happen to our building , " she said .
" We can not go anywhere but stay at home , which is the safest --- hopefully . "
Her parents and sisters were staying at home too : " They do n't want to risk their lives going out there . "
Bunnag was working from home since the government made Monday and Tuesday public holidays to deal with the protesters .
What are the protests about ?
" I do n't understand what is happening to our country right now , " she said .
" Everybody is suffering . "
Not everyone was troubled by the violence though .
Canadian Jodi Ettenberg , who had to flee her apartment on Sunday since it was located in one of the city 's " live - fire " zones ( areas where the military and protesters have faced off ) , said some residents were more nonchalant .
" On one end of the street people were eating as explosions were happening , " she said .
And Chayakarn Waiyakanee , who recently graduated from university , has not avoided the protest zone at all but gone straight to it -- to give food to the soldiers .
" When I go there ( protest areas ) I 'm so scared , because the situation is so strained .
Everyone is Thai , and they 're so angry .
It 's so sad . "
CNN 's Kevin Drew contributed to this report .
Last year Mr Sarkozy was accused of deliberately picking short people to appear alongside him in TV footage on another factory visit .
The claim was made by a woman who said she was chosen to stand next to the 5ft 5 ins French president when he visited Faurecia car plants site in Normandy because she was shorter than him .
Behind a mess of trees , down a long driveway in Mt. Barker , South Australia — at least 50 km from the ocean — sits a little wooden boat on a trailer that is now the stuff of legend .
It crossed Bass Strait in 60 knot gales to be a star arrival at Hobart ’s internationally renowned wooden boat festival , and this feat was the talk of the New York Yacht Club .
As a consequence , in the cluttered shed behind this modest seven - metre flat bottomed boat , Robert Ayliffe sits amid a flurry of boat plans and papers , taking an increasing trickle of orders from around the world for kits to construct the very same type of boat .
Robert is acknowledged as a world expert in Norwalk Island Sharpies , an American working boat that has been redesigned as a pleasure sailing craft .
Robert describes his role as being like an architect positioned between the builder and the owner .
He tweaks the original plan from American designer Bruce Kirby , facilitates the kits — which can be sent overseas three weeks after being ordered — and remains in contact with individual builders to help them through troubles , which in turn helps Robert learn how to keep improving the kit instructions .
He is even building a boat for one client with the intention of photographing each step to create a book that can be used as a step - by - step illustrated building manual .
This small wooden craft , assembled without screws or nails , has a reputation for durability , safety and reliability in all waters .
And , after 20 years working with Sharpies , Robert decided to put to the first boat he built to the ultimate test by sailing with navigator Ian Phillips across the dreaded Bass Strait , between Victoria and Tasmania .
“ I ca n’t say there was n’t moments of fear attached to what we were doing , though we were absolutely safe every step of the way , ” says 62 - year - old Robert .
“ The purpose was to show just how good these boats are ; we certainly did n’t intend to run it through four storms , but that just proved our point .
Until now , it was theoretically durable and safe in all waters ; now its reputation is confirmed . ”
The crossing became the talk of the Hobart docks during the festival , crowded with wooden boat enthusiasts from around the world .
It pulled sharp focus onto Robert ’s kit boat business located far from any significant body of sailing water .
“ Yep , in Mt Barker , ” he says with a grin and a disbelieving shake of the head .
“ Anything ’s possible if you persevere long enough . ”
Robert was smitten by the sea as a teenager growing up on Kangaroo Island in South Australia , diving for abalone in school holidays with island ferry pioneer Peter March off the treacherous south coast .
He went into a long career of teaching , but finally turned a lifelong maritime passion into an occupation 21 years ago when he left his job at Mt Barker High School ( teaching English and art , and building boats after school with a few students ) and started the Duck Flat wooden boat building company .
Four years ago he left that partnership to concentrate on several specific kit designs , rather than deal with the minutia of manufacturing .
And the staple of his interest is the Norwalk Island Sharpies .
“ There ’s something primal about the appeal of a wooden boat , ” Robert says .
“ It draws a degree of awe from people .
At a boat festival they have to touch it , knock it , to inspect whether it ’s well made .
It ’s the craft that piques their interest . ”
An erudite man , Robert considers his link in the continuum of wooden boat building with deep contemplation , quoting John Steinbeck and offering biblical references to illustrate his respect for the history of the craft .
It ’s no surprise that he is also a columnist for the United States - based Wooden Boat magazine and other specialist nautical publications .
Ironically , it was writing an article about Sharpies in 1987 that started his incredible boat - building journey , putting him in touch with plan designer Bruce Kirby and firing his interest in making Sharpie kits for home builders .
“ If it was n’t for the magazines , I would n’t have the international profile that has allowed me to gain access to all this , ” says Robert .
“ And if it was n’t for the Internet , I would n’t have an international business that I can run out of a shed in Mt Barker . ”
A landmark achievement occurred in 1999 , when a wealthy New York neighbour of Bruce Kirby purchased a Sharpie kit from Robert .
This family were foundation members of the New York Yacht Club , and invited Robert to New York for the launch ceremony , where Kirby announced that Robert ’s kit produced the best of 300 Sharpies that had been built from his design .
Subsequently , Robert forged a strong friendship with Kirby and has now been trusted to build the Sharpie component of Kirby ’s business .
Several notable South Australians have also lent their weight of support to Robert ’s endeavor .
Winemaker Robert O’Callaghan , proprietor of Rockford Winery in the Barossa and owner of the Murray River paddle steamer PS Marion , was an early acolyte .
“ He thought the craft in what I was doing was worthwhile .
He gave me an invaluable piece of advice ; he said operating a small business is like peddling a bicycle , and if you stop peddling you ’ll lose balance and fall .
So I keep peddling . ”
Other winemakers also took a keen interest , notably Doug Lehmann and Bob McLean .
Robert reflects on this as being “ a very South Australian thing , ” to attract unexpected supporters for small but worthy pursuits .
“ When we went to the early boat shows , we were called cockroaches by the big manufacturers , ” remembers Robert .
“ That ’s OK ; cockroaches survive atomic blasts .
Most of those manufacturers are now gone .
We ’re still thriving . ”
There are now more than 50 completed boats from Nisboats kits in the water , with another 20 in various stages of building , and order inquiries increasing .
As demand escalates , Robert is obtaining assistance from a wider collection of disparate artisan craftsman through South Australia to construct components for the kits .
It signifies the type of crucial cooperation required between small South Australian specialists to be competitive — and recognized as leaders — on a world stage .
“ It ’ll never be mass - produced , ” says Robert of the Sharpie design .
“ The hull would lose its durability and strength if it was made from fibreglass .
Modern plywood is far superior — and made from trees in renewable forests .
Nope , these wooden boats are for a discerning clientele .
Perhaps what I love about them the most is that they can be built by anyone ; ordinary people with the right desire can build a truly extraordinary boat . ”
As a high school teacher for more than 20 years , Robert had a telling effect on shaping the future direction of many students ’ lives ; now , by chasing his passion to build boats , he is applying the same conviction to steer his own course .
“ I would really regret it if I had n’t given it a go , ” he says .
“ I really think the hand made boat is a powerful symbol in the modern world .
As we get more constrained to the harness of jobs , security and providing for our families , the boat hints at the journey away … the freedom . ”
Robert looks up , with a gleaming twinkle in his eye .
“ If we ’re truthful , I think we all want a part of that , do n’t we ? ”
Photo Credits
All photos courtesy of Norwalk Islands Sharpies except for illustration of sharpie from Woodwork Forums .
Recent David Sly Articles :
A move to a retirement community with her successful , much older husband triggers huge changes for a seemingly serene woman with a turbulent past
Good thing the state is up for that school funding , because these kids look like they need all the help they can get .
On this year 's state math exams — administered to students in the 3rd through 8th grades in order to advance to the next grade — many students were given partial credit for bad math , wrong answers and even writing no answer at all .
According to the Post , the scoring guidelines are based on " holistic rubrics , " requiring that a student be given credit if they prove that they partially understand the concepts , even if they get the answer wrong .
Because god forbid the kids get held back ; it might hurt their feelings !
Here are some maddening examples :
Writing that 28 divided by 14 equals 4 instead of 2 gets partial credit if the student uses the right method .
Setting up a division problem to find one fifth of $ 400 but not solving the problem gets half credit .
A kid who writes 75 - 57 = 15 gets half credit .
Writing 35 x 10 = 150 warrants half credit .
Teachers are outraged , saying the scoring lets children advance to the next grade without the proper math skills .
One Brooklyn teacher said , " The kids who really need the help are just being shuffled along to the next grade without the basic skills to have true success .
They are given a hollow success — that 's the crime of it .
The state DOE is doing a disservice to its children . "
Those extra points can also mean a lot , since the number of points required to pass proficiency levels has reportedly dropped in the past few years .
The DOE is withholding scores until July , and will set their own " promotional cut scores " to determine which children get held back .
At 9:00 each evening in Camp Curry , the crowd which had gathered for the nightly campfire program , would fall silent .
A man would call out to the top of Glacier Point " Let the Fire Fall ! " , and a faint reply could be heard from the top of the mountain .
Then a great bonfire of red fir bark would be pushed evenly over the edge of the cliff , appearing to the onlookers below as a glowing waterfall of sparks and fire .
The spectacle was the Yosemite Firefall , a nightly tradition in Yosemite National Park for some 88 years .
I witnessed the Firefall myself as a child and still remember it with uncanny vividness .
At about the time of the 30th anniversary of the very last Yosemite Firefall , I felt compelled to compile this history and recollection as a tribute to the lasting impression the Firefall has had on me , and on countless others who have visited Yosemite during its first century as a National Park .
My intention was to present more than just a formal history , but to also provide a mechanism through which others could contribute to the site by recounting their own memories of the Firefall .
These contributions have been compiled in the last chapter of the history .
In addition , there is even a contribution embellishing this opening page -- the photo at the top of this page .
Read below for a description of how this unique photo was taken .
I 'd like to thank all those who have contributed to this site so far , and welcome any new readers to do the same .
Yosemite Firefall Contents : The Mountain House
The Stentor
The Curry Legacy
Recent Memories
The End of a Tradition
Reader Contributions
Book Recommendation :
Commons Picture of the Year 2009 # 1 – 62 votes in Final ; Sikh pilgrim at the Harmandir Sahib ( Golden Temple ) in Amritsar , India .
( POTD ) Credit : Wikimedian Paulrudd .
# 4 – 37 votes in Final ; A European Honey Bee ( Apis mellifera ) flying back to its hive carrying pollen in a pollen basket .
( POTD ) Credit : Wikimedian Muhammad Mahdi Karim .
# 8 – 29 votes in Final ; A shell casing flies out with a trail of smoke as U.S. Army Pfc. Michael Freise fires an M - 4 rifle ( POTD ) Credit : DoD photo by Staff Sgt. Suzanne M. Day , U.S. Air Force . .
# 9 – 25 votes in Final ; A Barn Owl ( Tyto alba ) in flight .
( POTD ) Credit : Wikimedian Lviatour , Luc Viatour .
These 15 - day - old Capybara babies seem like they were born to rock .
Something about the spikey - haired " wet " look and their " blue steel " attitude should land them a cover spot on Rolling Stone .
" Spinal Cap " , perhaps ?
The pictures were taken at Chessington Zoo in the UK just yesterday by photographer Mogodonman .
Note the sleepy - eyed bass player on the top left of the lead image .
More pics after the jump ...
Productions delays force Hobbit director to quit , as MGM teeters on the brink of bankruptcy
Hollywood director Guillermo del Toro said yesterday that production delays have forced him to quit the planned film version of J.R.R. Tolkien 's The Hobbit , a two - part prequel to New Zealand filmmaker Peter Jackson 's blockbuster Lord Of The Rings trilogy .
' In light of ongoing delays in the setting of a start date for filming The Hobbit , I am faced with the hardest decision of my life , ' del Toro told a Lord Of The Rings fan website .
' After nearly two years of living , breathing and designing a world as rich as Tolkien 's Middle Earth , I must , with great regret , take leave from helming these wonderful pictures , ' he said , noting the film still had n't been given the green light by MGM , the struggling Hollywood studio .
' Enough is enough ' : Director Guillermo Del Toro has quit the Hobbit films amid speculation about the future of film studio MGM , which is yet to approve for production to commence
Matt Dravitzki , a spokesman for Hobbit producer and Lord Of The Rings director Jackson , said del Toro would not be speaking to reporters .
The announcement by del Toro reflected Jackson and del Toro 's ' full sentiments at this time ' , he said .
Del Toro would continue to co-write the screenplays with Jackson and his wife , Fran Walsh , and Philippa Boyens .
Jackson reached a deal in late 2007 to make two films of The Hobbit .
He is serving as joint executive producer with Walsh .
Last week , del Toro , who directed Pan's Labyrinth , Blade II and the two Hellboy movies , told journalists the Hobbit films , which have been plagued by delays , still had n't been given the go ahead .
' There can not be any start dates until the MGM situation gets resolved , ' del Toro said .
' They do hold a considerable portion of the rights . '
Reports emerged late last year that MGM was teetering on bankruptcy and del Toro said those issues had caught the Hobbit films in a ' tangled negotiation ' .
' We have designed all the creatures .
We 've designed the sets and the wardrobe .
We have done animatics and planned battles sequences ...
We are very , very prepared for when it is finally triggered , ' he said .
Tolkein tales : Elijah Wood and Sean Astin in Lord Of The Rings , which is set after The Hobbit
Jackson told www.TheOneRing.net: ' We feel very sad to see Guillermo leave The Hobbit , but he has kept us fully in the loop and we understand how the protracted development time on these two films , due to reasons beyond anyone 's control , has compromised his commitment to other long term projects .
' The bottom line is that Guillermo just did n't feel he could commit six years to living in New Zealand , exclusively making these films , when his original commitment was for three years .
Guillermo is one of the most remarkable creative spirits I 've ever encountered and it has been a complete joy working with him . '
He would discuss options for a new director with MGM this week , Jackson told the website .
' We do not anticipate any delay or disruption to ongoing preproduction work , ' he said .
Last month , Jackson dismissed rumors that the Hobbit movies have been delayed by production problems , insisting the project was still in its early stages .
He told Moviefone.com : ' Well , it 's not really been delayed , because we 've never announced the date .
I mean it 's sort of interesting because the studio has never greenlit The Hobbit , so therefore The Hobbit has never been officially announced as a " go " project , nor have we ever announced a date . '
' Shakedown ' comment angers colleagues but delights Dems .
GOP rushes to clean up Barton mess
In the blink of an eye , Texas Rep . Joe Barton handed Democrats just what they wanted : a Republican villain in the oil spill crisis .
“ I apologize , ” he told BP CEO Tony Hayward — coloring himself “ ashamed ” that the White House would engage in a “ shakedown ” to get BP to set up a $ 20 billion escrow fund to pay damage claims for Gulf Coast businesses and residents .
Advertisement
It would have been bad enough for the GOP if a backbencher had accidentally strayed wildly off message , but Barton , the top Republican on the House Energy and Commerce Committee , is the face of the party on energy policy — and his comments were intentional .
So rather than talking about BP ’s culpability and the Obama administration ’s response , Washington was fixated on a Texas Republican ’s seemingly tone - deaf comments .
The damage control was swift and the pushback severe — leaders in Barton ’s own party threatened to yank his ranking - member status on the committee .
Gulf - state Republicans seethed , and the top three GOP House leaders were compelled to put out a joint statement saying , “ Congressman Barton ’s statements this morning were wrong . ”
The Democratic National Committee sent out at least a dozen e-mails blasting Barton , and the White House put out a statement calling his comments “ shameful . ”
GOP leaders hauled Barton into a Capitol office shortly after midday and gave him an ultimatum , according to aides : Apologize for the apology to BP or face ouster from the Energy and Commerce post .
Barton chose the former .
“ I apologize for using the term ‘ shakedown ’ with regard to yesterday ’s actions at the White House in my opening statement this morning , and I retract my apology to BP , ” Barton said .
It ’s not often that a lawmaker apologizes for pre-written remarks .
But Barton ’s still deep in the muck — and no one ’s anxious to pull him out , least of all Republican leaders .
“ Now that he has apologized , we ’ll see what happens going forward , ” said a Republican leadership aide , leaving open the possibility that the Republican Steering Committee could still move to oust Barton .
Republican leaders sensed the danger to their party — and the opportunity to rid it of Barton ’s leadership — immediately .
Shortly after Barton was told to apologize by Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) and Minority Whip Eric Cantor ( R - Va. ) in Boehner ’s office , House Republicans ’ BlackBerrys began to buzz with an e-mail from Boehner containing a transcript of his response to Barton ’s comments .
His staff filled rank - and - file inboxes with their leader ’s remarks to reporters on the matter , a unique way of illustrating that he did not agree with — and would not stand with — Barton .
“ People are calling for his head , ” one GOP member of the Energy and Commerce Committee told POLITICO at midday .
Republican Rep. Jeff Miller , whose Florida Panhandle district borders the Gulf , made that call public shortly thereafter .
“ I condemn Mr. Barton ’s statement , ” Miller said .
“ Mr. Barton ’s remarks are out of touch with this tragedy , and I feel his comments call into question his judgment and ability to serve in ... leadership on the Energy and Commerce Committee .
He should step down as ranking member of the committee . ”
But Barton remained stolid — if not defiant — as he failed to immediately grasp the gravity of the situation .
He said calls for his ouster were “ news to me ” as he went to meet with Boehner and Cantor .
Asked whether he planned to stay in his job , he replied , “ Damn straight . ”
It should n’t surprise Barton that Boehner failed to break his fall :
The two have a long - developed distaste for each other that peaked when Barton ran against Boehner for the post of minority leader in late 2006 .
And Barton ’s hopes of reversing a Boehner - supported GOP term - limit rule that would force him out the post at the end of this Congress appear more remote than ever now .
Democrats seemed almost to revel in Barton ’s remarks .
“ Who would the GOP put in charge of overseeing the energy industry & Big Oil if they won control of Congress ?
Yup , u guessed it — JOE BARTON , ” White House press secretary Robert Gibbs tweeted to his 66,066 followers Thursday afternoon .
That ’s after Gibbs released an official White House statement saying it is “ shameful ... that Joe Barton seems to have more concern for big corporations that caused this disaster than the fishermen , small - business owners and communities whose lives have been devastated by the destruction ” and calling on members of both parties to “ repudiate his comments . ”
Vice President Joe Biden called Barton ’s comments “ outrageous . ”
Democratic candidates tried to pin the remarks on their opponents .
“ We deserve to know if [ Rep . ] Charlie Dent [ R - Pa. ] agrees with Congressman Barton ’s apology to BP , ” said John Callahan , Democratic nominee in Pennsylvania ’s Allentown - and Bethlehem - area 15th District .
“ I think BP should be apologizing to American taxpayers instead of having Republican congressmen apologize to them . ”
The worst part for Republicans : Barton knew he was going off - message .
A copy of Barton ’s now - infamous opening statement showed that he had every intention to say what he said .
“ I ’m only speaking for myself — I ’m not speaking for anybody else — but I apologize , ” Barton said in prepared remarks .
“ I do not want to live in a country where any time a citizen or corporation that does something that is legitimately wrong , is subject to some sort of political pressure that is again , in my words , amounts to a shakedown .
So I apologize . ”
That ’s two apologies .
And then , amid the firestorm , there was a third apology , retracting the other apology .
But that may not be enough for his GOP colleagues .
“ Whether Mr. Barton realizes it or not , he certainly did no favors to every member of our conference , his Republican colleagues in the Senate , candidates out running and a lot of our vulnerables , ” a Republican aide said .
“ What he did certainly did not help anybody . ”
Editor 's note : Farhad Manjoo is the technology columnist at Slate , an online magazine .
Follow him on Twitter : @fmanjoo .
( CNN ) --
Every year , I pay $ 200 or so too much for auto insurance .
I also throw away about $ 500 extra for my cell phone plan .
And if you looked at my cable TV bill , you 'd call me crazy -- nearly a thousand extra dollars a year are being sucked out of my pocket , as if under the pull of some faraway black hole .
Why am I wasting so much money ?
Because I do n't know my options .
That 's the operating assumption of a new class of online " bill analyzers . "
These sites argue that every month , many Americans get snowed in under an avalanche of confusing bills .
Because it 's too difficult or just too tedious to parse our monthly statements , we pay for features and options we do n't need or will rarely use -- like far more cell phone minutes than we 're ever likely to consume , or TV packages that include channels that you would n't be caught dead watching .
The bill analyzers aim to solve this problem with computers .
These companies rate all the different plans and features of major household services currently available on the market .
Then they try to match the perfect service to your actual usage .
For instance , I plugged my cell phone bill into BillShrink , a 2 - year - old start - up that also offers comparisons to help you choose the best credit card , savings account , gas station , and , starting this week , TV service .
BillShrink examined my usage -- how many minutes I used , how often I made calls on nights and weekends , how often I sent text messages , etc .
Then it presented me with a range of options that it believed would better suit my needs .
Sure , I could have gone out and done much of this on my own , but it would have taken a lot more work and thought .
" We go out and analyze 10 million combinations of services and plans , " said Samir Kothari , a co-founder of the site .
" You could make a big spreadsheet and go through it to find savings , but it 's just a lot easier if you let us handle it . "
That 's true .
It was easy .
And BillShrink did find cheaper plans for both my TV and wireless phone service .
But when I saw the plans , I noticed something immediately -- many of the alternatives would n't work for me .
BillShrink told me I could save lots of cash if I switched from cable TV to satellite , but I live in an apartment where I can't install a dish .
I also get my internet service through my cable subscription , so it was n't clear that ditching cable and then paying for internet separately through some other provider would have actually resulted in lower bills .
I found similar problems in BillShrink 's advice on wireless plans .
I can save a lot more by switching to another service , but I 've got an iPhone , which is locked to AT&T .
As long as I wish to stick with my phone -- and I do -- BillShrink could only help me by offering cheaper plans within AT&T , but not outside .
Even despite these limitations , I found BillShrink quite useful as a starting point in searching for possibilities for saving money .
The site did allow me to filter down to ways that could make some of my current plans cheaper .
" Many people find lower rates for their iPhone within AT&T , " Kothari said .
There are several other sites online that offer some parts of what BillShrink does .
Bankrate.com will help you find a credit card , GasBuddy.com will look for better gas prices , and MyRatePlan.com will help you find a better wireless service .
BillShrink differs , though , in offering all of these under the same roof .
Among the only other sites that matches it is Mint.com , the much - beloved personal finance management site .
Mint 's main focus is keeping track of how you spend your money -- you plug your credit card and bank account info into the site , and it constantly monitors , categorizes and graphs your spending habits .
By doing so , it can also spot ways you can save .
For instance , Mint can tell how you use your credit card , so it can recommend a card that 's tailored exactly to your spending habits .
Whatever site you choose , do choose something .
There 's a pretty good chance you 're wasting a lot of money every month .
Even if you do n't -- or can't -- actually change your plans , it can't hurt to learn how much you 're throwing away .
The visa denial series involving the Canadian High Commission in India and the Indian border protection personnel seems to be never ending .
Even after expressing regrets by the Canadian immigration ministry over the issue , there were still few more details to come out .
A latest report of an e-mail sent to a Punjab police officer tended to uncover the hypocrisy of the Canadian government over the whole visa dismissal saga .
Reportedly , Parmjit Singh Khaira had filed a petition for a travel visa to Canada in on August last year .
However , he happened to be one of those security officials who have been rejected permits over the recent years .
The Canadian High Commission in India dismissed his application after five days of his filing the same , citing the reason that Mr. Khaira does not fulfill the requirements of Canada ’s Immigration and Refugee Protection Act ’s Section 35 ( 1 ) ( A ) .
As per the said section , Canada does not permit the entrance of the individuals who have engaged themselves in anti-human activities .
Eventually , the officer had to face more interviews , following his appeal to the consulate general in Chandigarh .
Still , he was not found eligible for the visa .
He then appealed the immigration ministry for a review of the decision in written in March , 2010 .
Khaira was then sent an e-mail from the ministry that supported the views expressed by the High Commission .
The ministry stood by the views that Khaira belonged to the group of inadmissible individuals who are not allowed by the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act .
This particular case surely exhibits the slyness of the Canadian government , irrespective of its regrets over the series of visa rejection instances !
Position : Goalie
Age : 18
Date of Birth : January 9 , 1992
Place of Birth : Port Huron , MI
Ht : 6 - 3 Wt : 175
Catches : Left
Jack Campbell is a goaltender for the US Nation Team Developmental Program in the USHL .
Campbell is the 2nd highest rater goaltender amongst North American players .
In November of 2009 , Jack had de-committed to the University of M*chigan to jump to the OHL where he signed with the Windsor Spitfires .
In my most humble opinion , I love that he opted not to go to college at that school .
He will play for Windsor in the upcoming 2010 - 11 season .
2009 /2010 Regular Season Stats :
GP W L T SO GAA SV 11 6 3 1 1 2.21 .917
Scouting Report ( The Scouting Report ) :
Campbell has decent size , but he still needs to fill out his frame .
He ’s got very good reflexes and he ’s extremely quick in his stance .
He also has the ability to make great recovery saves if he is ever caught out of position .
One of the other aspects that Campbell really excels at is puck handling , as he is extremely good at that aspect of the game .
Campbell has also been praised as being extremely competitive , and as a player that strives to improve his game .
With goalies , there is always a significant amount of work to be done in regards to improving their technical components of the game , so having a goalie that wants to improve is a huge plus .
Why he'd be a good fit in Columbus :
As Matt pointed out in his last prospect profile , depth at the goalie position in the organization is n't exactly deep .
With LaCosta probably leaving to play elsewhere , and Wesslau coming in to play with LaLande , Campbell could be another young up - and - coming super goalie .
His speed and reflexes remind me a lot of our own Steve Mason , and lets face it , thats a good thing .
When you hear about how well is puck handling is , one of the first goalies you think of is Marty Turco .
If he 's nearly as talented as that , he 'll be a special player in the league someday .
Campbell in Action :
Here is Campbell making saves and taking part in a post game interview after the USA 's victory over Canada in the U - 20 World Championships .
NOTE : This article has been edited from a previous version
Around this time last year , Timothy Dingwall was celebrating a hockey championship and starting down a path toward becoming a high school principal .
Dingwall , 40 , was charged Thursday with sexual exploitation after weeks of investigation .
He is currently on paid leave and is scheduled to appear in court on June 10 .
The popular history and geography teacher at Harbord Collegiate Institute last year coached the senior boys ’ hockey team to the city high school championship .
A few months later he would complete part 1 of Ontario ’s principal ’s qualification program .
But rumours about an inappropriate relationship with one of his students started to swirl through the school ’s hallways a few weeks ago , when Dingwall , who was also the head of the history department and boys ’ baseball coach , was abruptly removed from the classroom and replaced with a substitute .
“ He was a good teacher , confident , ” said a Grade 12 student , who played on the winning hockey team coached by Dingwall but asked that his name not be published .
“ He was somebody you could talk to , but still a serious teacher . ”
Police would not elaborate on the alleged relationship between Dingwall and the 17 - year - old girl , but a charge of sexual exploitation involving older teens only applies when the perpetrator is considered to be in a position of trust or authority .
Gossip was flying online and in the schoolyard Tuesday , but a group of Dingwall ’s students said they were concerned about their former teacher and what will become of their classes now that he ’s gone .
“ We lost a really great teacher at our school , ” added a Grade 12 female student , who said she was in Dingwall ’s class .
The school board would not say how long Dingwall had been teaching at Harbord , but according to the Ontario College of Teachers website and other online profiles , he was certified in 1997 and has been teaching in Toronto for 12 years , including time spent at Richview and Lakeshore Collegiate Institutes .
According to an online interview on a history studies website , Dingwall , who also started a Genocide and Crimes Against Humanities elective course for Grade 11 students , said his mother fostered a strong sense of social justice in his family and made him aware of how much good could come from working with young people .
At Dingwall ’s home Tuesday afternoon , a woman who answered the door with a baby in her arms , refused to make Dingwall available for comment .
Another Katrina - Like Government Failure Signals Need for Reform
I am generally satisfied with my ability to comprehend and analyze complex issues , but there are certain subject matters that leave me baffled .
Generally , I wo n’t delve too deeply into concepts that leave me mentally incapacitated : theology , astrophysics … algebra .
But when it comes to political policy issues , I ’m rarely dumbfounded .
That is , I was rarely dumbfounded .
Then the BP oil spill happened , and friends began asking me what the government should do to fix the problem and save face .
I sounded like Porky Pig after he ’d thrown back a few .
There was no way to answer the question without uncovering another dilemma .
There ’s a myriad of complex subplots to this issue , all with far - reaching consequences .
Rather than try to tackle them all at once , I think it best to adopt the approach I ’ve taken when contemplating astrophysics … let ’s start with the big bang .
Disaster at Sea
Late in the evening of April 20 , a fire engulfed an offshore drilling unit 52 miles off the coast of Louisiana in the Gulf of Mexico .
The fire was the result of an explosion that killed eleven people and injured fifteen .
Preliminary reports suggest that a panoply of problems could be to blame , including malfunctioning shutoff switches , emergency disconnection systems , and pressure testing units , as well as broken safety valves .
Others have suggested that the cause of the explosion occurred long before the fire broke out on the BP rig .
The Minerals Management Service ( MMS ) has been accused of being a bit too smitten with the industry it is tasked with regulating .
According to a new report from Interior Department Inspector General Mary Kendall , her greatest concern was “ the environment in which these inspectors operate — particularly the ease with which they move between industry and government .
Prior to the Deepwater Horizon incident , I ’d probably have assumed that MMS was some neurological disease if it were ever brought up during a conversation .
That said , before Katrina , I ’d have assumed that FEMA was just another leg bone .
In eerily similar circumstances , both agencies flew well under the radar in the public ’s conscience until devastating incidents thrust them front and center .
Is it Groundhog Day ?
In 2005 , after having already been relieved of his job of overseeing the federal efforts in the gulf coast , Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) Michael Brown forcibly resigned from his position .
This was largely attributable to his inexperience and ineptitude while holding the post .
Did Katrina send a message to smaller government agencies that competency is a mandate for all directors ?
Apparently not .
A few days ago , MMS Director Elizabeth Birnbaum got the ax after reports came out that she had taken too low a profile during the oil spill crisis .
No Need for the Blame Game – We Have a Volunteer
So who is really at fault for this crisis ?
Should BP have done more to safeguard the rig against an explosion ?
Should the oil companies have been better suited to handle an oceanic oil leak before they began drilling ?
Was the MMS responsible for failing to properly regulate the oil companies ?
Apparently President Barrack Obama thinks that it ’s his fault .
As Dana Milbank of the Washington Post put it , “ he practiced every form of self - flagellation short of bringing out a cat - o’ - nine - tails . ”
“ The culture had not fully changed in MMS and absolutely I take responsibility for that , ” he said .
“ There was n’t sufficient urgency . ”
He continued to say that “ we should have busted through those constraints … pre-deploying boom would have been the right thing to do …
I do think our efforts fell short .
They should have pushed them sooner …
I think that it took too long …
Where I was wrong was in my belief that the oil companies had their act together . ”
Does the president deserve to take some heat for this ?
Absolutely , but he is not as culpable as he thinks he is .
The reality is that presidential administrations have a long legacy of making ill - advised appointments .
Unfortunately , it takes a disaster of epic proportions for any of us to care enough about it to demand changes .
Guess who ’s really at fault ( hint : it rhymes with Yiddish linoleum )
Ultimately , the entity responsible for this disaster is BP .
It was their rig that blew up , and it was their responsibility to have a contingency plan in case a leak occurred .
The president was wrong to place so much faith in his “ belief that the oil companies had their act together when it came to worst - case scenarios . ”
As Bob Herbert of the New York Times put it , “ with all due respect to the president , who is a very smart man , how is it possible for anyone with any reasonable awareness of the nonstop carnage that has accompanied the entire history of giant corporations to believe that the oil companies , which are among the most rapacious players on the planet , somehow ‘ had their act together ’ with regard to worst - case scenarios . ”
Ed Rogers , former White House staffer and chairman of BGR Group said it best .
“ So far there are no political winners from the gulf oil spill debacle .
And there probably wo n’t be any winners , just various degrees of losers . ”
Obama cannot hope to score any political points during the disaster relief effort — at best , he can mitigate the damage it does to his administration ’s reputation .
But simply saying “ Hey , I screwed up , ” does n’t say much other than “ hey , check out how incompetent I was . ”
Obama needs to use this incident as a launching pad for administration reform .
Governmentally speaking , the biggest issue here is not that BP ’s rig exploded , but that the government should have had proper checks in place to ensure that it did n’t .
He needs to spearhead the implementation of reforms from stem to stern while promising the American people that every government department is to be examined and every director ’s qualifications and dedication to the public interest is ensured .
We do n’t need a passive apologist right now .
I ’m tired of hoping for change .
Right now , it ’s desperately needed .
Hey Everyone ,
I ’m going to share with you some affiliate marketing tricks in this post , that I use when in a tough niche , or just want to accelerate my progress in any new niche .
One of the most common obstacles that a new website faces , when they are trying to rank at the top of Google ( and by Google I am referring to Yahoo and Bing also ) is the lack of trust Google has in new domains .
In the past I have bought brand new domains and then gone out a unleashed a back linking tsunami on the new site on that new domain , and noticed that still some pages just take forever to rank .
Sometimes it can be even more frustrating when Google does rank the pages on a new domain straight away , right up on page one , only to then remove them for 6 months , until they feel they can trust the domain .
By the way if this does happen to you , it is nothing to worry about , as in my experience if you just keep building links to the domain , after about 6 - 8 months it shows up at the top of Google again , and all is well .
However this is obviously not the ideal situation , and one that I prefer not to go through if I can help it .
So with that pretext in place , now let me tell you one trick that I use to help avoid this and rank new websites fast and consistently .
Buying Aged Domains
The sub - heading pretty much gives it all away right there , because buying an aged domain , of say 5 years , and preferably with some page rank already , is the instant ‘ Trust ’ that you can give Google !!
All you need to do is find a domain for sale that will work with your niche and new website and then build your new site on that , and off you go .
Google will trust your site , as it believes it to be a domain that has been around for a while , and it has already got some page rank .
What to Look For in an Aged Domain
When I ’m looking for a domain to buy , and I will explain how I do that in a moment , I ’ll look to see how old it is and if there is any page rank .
To find out the age you can go here : http://www.networksolutions.com/whois/ and simply search on the domain in the search bar and they will give you the details of that domain .
By doing this you ’ll also find the contact details of the owner , so that you can contact them directly and make them an offer .
Depending on how competitive your niche is , will influence what you look for in a domain .
I just bought one this week that was 5 years old and page rank 1 , and the whole process from finding it to owning it took about 24 hrs .
How to Find an Domain for Sale
The easiest way to find a domain related to your niche that is for sale is to go to Google and start searching , by using the following search queries :
inurl : keyword “ domain name is for sale ”
inurl : keyword “ website is for sale ”
inurl : keyword “ buy this domain ”
inurl : keyword “ domain is for sale ”
( replace the word ‘ keyword ’ above with your keywords )
Then by using a free plugin called ‘ SEO Quake ’ you can sort the results by page rank .
I have explained in a previous post how to use SEO Quake so please refer here : SEO Quake Tutorial to learn how to use it )
Once you have entered your search query , turn SEO Quake on and then sort for highest to lowest page rank and start checking out the domains for sale .
If you have no luck with those searches , you can always just search with out the “ domain name is for sale ” part on the end , and just look for sites that have age and at least a page rank of 1 .
The type of site you are looking for are ones that look like they are not that serious about their marketing , and have average looking sites , sort of a hobby if you like .
These kind of sites are usually the best ones to want to sell when they are approached .
Then all you need to do is negotiate a price with the owner , make them set the price and then offer under half what they offer , and go from there .
I have found that using this trick enables me to get started in new niches much faster , because my web pages respond really well to back linking and get top Google ranking faster than on new domains .
You do not need to do this though , as most of my sites are on new domains , but I just wanted to share with you guys these affiliate marketing tricks that I sometimes use to get fast results .
Hope that helped
Matt
Windows / Mac :
You can use our EQ filter method to silence the dreaded vuvuzela sounds in World Cup broadcasts , but if you 're looking for an all - in - one solution , a sound engineer has whipped up some software that automatically cuts out just the right frequencies .
Advertisement
Simon , product manager at National Instruments ( NI ) , wrote in to point us to a free bit of software he wrote up , which uses the back - end of NI 's LabView software to automatically filter and cut out the frequency ranges where vuvuzelas , the celebratory horns that sound like disturbed locusts , or maybe angry bees , drone on endlessly during World Cup matches .
Simon 's software has an adjustable number of harmonics it can cover , so those with slower computers can lower the number for less latency , and others can cover the spectrum pretty thoroughly .
Advertisement
You 'll need to insert your computer as part of the audio chain to use the software with a television or sound system , but this Vuvuzela Filter does all the hard work for you .
It 's written to run as a stand - alone package for Windows or Mac , but I had to install the free LabView engine to get it running on my own Windows 7 system .
It 's a free download , and one that looks like solid relief for beleaguered fans .
World Cup 2010 - Filtering the Annoying Vuvuzela Noise [ National Instruments ]
I do n't know if it was premeditated or some sort of fluke involving sunspots and cosmic rays , but a humorous hats off to PokerStars player ROBCASHFLOW , whoever you are , for successfully embedding an illegal , invisible , non-printing ASCII control character ( specifically , the unit separator , decimal value 31 , hex 0x1 F ) between the third and fourth letters of your online poker username ...
ROBCASHFLOW
... making life just a little more difficult for anybody who wants to search for your name , or type it into a search box , or copy and paste it into something , store it in a database , upload it to a website , etc .
Essentially , this handle is a complete PITA ! : )
So today we salute you , Mr. Embedding Problematic Phantom Characters into His Online User Name Guy , in recognition of that fact .
But I do n't see any phantom characters .
Right .
Because they 're phantom .
They 're invisible .
To " see " these characters , you have to use a trick like this one ( or crack open a hex editor ) :
Select the above user name ( ROBCASHFLOW ) with your mouse , then let go of the mouse .
Press and hold the SHIFT key on your keyboard .
While holding the SHIFT key , use the Left and Right arrow keys to move the trailing edge of the selection back and forth across the gap between the " B " and the " C " .
You 'll notice it takes two keypresses to navigate from the position just before the " C " to the position just after , where it should only take one .
That 's because one of those keypresses is consumed by that innocuous ASCII 31 .
Okay , but that 's just a glitch .
It does n't happen consistently .
It happens anywhere the player name " ROBCASHFLOW " appears , on any website , in any document , in any application window , across pretty much the entire world of computing .
The embedded " phantom " character is a formal part of the player name even though we can't see it , so it gets dumped to the hand history file , uploaded to the website , copied - and - pasted into the text document , downloaded to your iPhone , and so forth and so on .
Forever .
Take a look at the following telltale bug report ( now resolved ) from the Hold 'em Manager forums .
The culprit ?
The rascal , ROBCASHFLOW , in Seat 3 , with his embedded phantom character .
Hi I just got some import errors for the first time today .
I am using version 1.06.03H
here is a hand .
Thanks for the help .
PokerStars Game # XXXXXXXXXXX : Hold 'em No Limit ( $ 0.25 /$ 0.50 ) - 200X/11/25 23:43:50 ET
Table ' Apus II ' 6 - max Seat # 3 is the button
Seat 1 : KGould035 ( $ 9.70 in chips )
Seat 2 : RHFiend ( $ 50 in chips )
Seat 3 : ROBCASHFLOW ( $ 87.55 in chips )
When I first stumbled across this ( well , actually , I ran into the problem because I happen to have a hand history against this guy , which was causing an obscure error condition in my poker setup , which compelled me to start Googling , at which point I found the HEM bug report and started to piece together the ROBCASHFLOW puzzle ) I thought to myself :
Huh .
Probably a fluke .
So I did some more searching and I discovered ROBCASHFLOW is also mentioned here , here , here , and here .
And everywhere his name appears ( with no exceptions ) , there you 'll find an invisible phantom character embedded .
This does n't just happen on websites ; that phantom ASCII 31 is also preserved on the desktop , in the PokerStars client , not to mention Hold 'em Manager , PokerTracker , PostgreSQL , Notepad , Word , Excel , and , in general , anywhere you can get a caret or selection to move through ROBCASHFLOW 's official name , it will stutter between the " B " and the " C " .
And that 's not a bug : that 's correct behavior , provided you 've accepted the fact that obnoxious nonprintable characters can appear in player handles .
( Which by the way , is a big WTF unto itself . )
So yes , I 'd say it happens consistently .
The Search - Resistant Handle
The upshot of all this is that ROBCASHFLOW 's handle is effectively hardened against casual searches .
Just try surfing over to Sharkscope.com and doing a search for ROBCASHFLOW .
One of two things will happen :
If you TYPE his name into the search box , omitting the phantom character , you wo n't find him .
The search returns 0 results , as it should .
There is no player called ROBCASHFLOW , without the embedded phantom .
There is a player called ROBCASHFLOW , however .
With the phantom .
If you COPY AND PASTE his name , you wo n't even be able to get his name into the Search box .
It will truncate everything occurring after the phantom character , leaving you with " ROB " .
[ Update : Sharkscope appears to have changed / updated their behavior this morning .
This player is now searchable through the below link as well as through copy - and - paste into the search box . ]
And before you start thinking that maybe this guy does n't have a Sharkscope profile , let me just point out that he 's listed on the Sharkscope list of player names starting with " ROB " , where his name has a valid hyperlink to his profile page , which is :
http://www.sharkscope.com/?username=ROB%1FCASHFLOW&network=pokerstars
But good luck pulling up that page in a web browser .
Go ahead and give it a shot .
You 'll end up back at the truncated " ROB " screen .
You see , not only can you not search for ROBCASHFLOW ; you can't even get his name to fit inside the search box .
Not without working at it .
The phrase ROBCASHFLOW is like kryptonite for search .
[ Update : Sharkscope appears to have changed / updated their behavior this morning .
This player is now searchable again . ]
How To Invalidate Your Player Notes File
Nowadays the top poker sites ( Full Tilt and PokerStars ) both use an open XML format for storing player notes .
This is a big feature , often overlooked , which I hope spreads to other sites in due course .
But XML has some peculiarities , not least of which is this :
Certain characters are illegal and may not appear in a valid , well - formed XML document
You can check out the nightmarish W3C XML spec for the official rundown , but I 'll go ahead and tell you : ASCII 31 , the problem character in ROBCASHFLOW 's name , is an illegal XML character .
ASCII 32 , the next character up , is legit ; that 's a plain vanilla space character .
But ASCII 31 is illegal XML .
Any XML document that contains an unencoded ASCII 31 is an invalid XML document , by definition .
And since player notes files are XML documents , on PokerStars anyway , that means that taking a note on ROBCASHFLOW silently invalidates your XML notes file .
That does n't mean that you lose your player notes file , or that your player notes get corrupted , or that PokerStars refuses to load them .
None of that happens .
Do n't worry about it .
( Especially since you routinely backup your player notes files , right ? )
It just means that your XML file is now technically invalid , and if you ever try to load it or edit it with another tool , there 's a good chance you 'll get one of these .
As would happen if you tried to use ( just as one common example ) the .NET XmlReader class to read one of these hypothetical invalidated player notes files .
That 's a validating reader and it does n't play games with invalid XML characters .
It blows up , and no , XmlReaderSettings .
CheckCharacters does n't help .
As the documentation states :
If the XmlReader is processing text data , it always checks that the XML names and text content are valid , regardless of the property setting .
Setting CheckCharacters to false turns off character checking for character entity references .
But that 's secondary to my point , which is that not only is it difficult to search for ROBCASHFLOW , even taking a simple note on him is a little iffy .
Which brings us to ...
The Radioactive Player Handle
ROBCASHFLOW is n't the first or the only player to come up with a problematic handle out of , for all I know , sheer orneriness .
It 's hard to encounter handles like \vv/î£ £îåm , ·¨·.àçé.·¨· , or ¶ ChäseK . without imagining that their owners took a sort of perverse Pinky and the Brain imp - glee in creating them .
No offense to people who happen to prefer a slightly more obfuscated handle ...
" HAHAHAHA ! [ angry nerd laugh ]
That 'll show them who the clever one is .
My handle contains SEVEN IRREGULAR CHARACTERS .
I 'm IMMUNE TO SEARCH , bitches ! "
But there 's another angle here .
What happens when people , fully aware that their online usernames will be analyzed to death , design their handles for difficulty ?
To be as difficult as possible to work with ?
I did this way back when Paradise Poker was king and player tracking was in its infancy .
I know others have done it in the years since .
For example , by creating a handle in which the first three characters are spaces ( if the site allows it ) , you defeat any text processor that does typical string trimming :
string s = GetPlayerNameFromFileOrWherever ( ) ;
s.Trim ( ) ; // Oops .
We just trimmed part of the player 's name
Alternately , you can embed multiple spaces inside the name :
John Doe
Which might cause problems if that name is ever displayed over HTML , where those spaces will likely get folded into a single space , or else represented a sequence of non-breaking spaces , neither of which preserves the original name perfectly .
Obviously as you start throwing control characters , so - called " extended ASCII " characters , and possibly Unicode into the mix , not to mention the different meaningful things you can do with punctuation ...
" Hello , thank you for calling Acme Poker customer support .
My name is Nancy .
May I have your account username please ? "
" Sure .
It 's '; DELETE * FROM player --'. "
" Thank you , Mr. '; DELETE * FROM player --'.
How may I assist you today ?
... things start to get hairy , in a giant - hairy - tarantula - skittering - down - your - collarbone sort of way .
Which is why I 've always thought that the wide leeway online poker sites give their players in choosing handles is maybe , possibly , a bad idea .
As much as I 'm for giving users options , letting them invest in their identities , engage with the site , etc. , and as much as having a flexible handle policy actually helps with that , the standard mantra of alphanumerics plus limited punctuation is there for a reason : it keeps usernames simple and relatively exploit - free .
And you know what else ?
It keeps usernames presentable .
Consider what happens when a new player observes a real - money game of online poker for the first time , and sees people sporting names like :
\vv/î£ £îåm
........... 42...........
assclown007
youpayformymeth $
Consider how awesome it will be for the game of online poker , from a PR standpoint , when some kid with a handle like Balls__2Ur__Chin wins the big mega- prize .
That 's what 'll convince the world that poker is a game of skill and sportsmanship .
Of course .
" Balls__2Ur__Chin sweeps the 2019 Online Poker MegaMillions Tourney ; Wins Record 18mil . "
So as much as the Zork - hacking nerd in me is amused by clever handles and embedded control characters , another part of me wishes there was a little more of a standard .
Until there is , anytime you make the assumption that ...
User names always contain normal , printable , visible , healthy , sane letters , numbers , and punctuation and nothing else
... players like \vv/î£ £îåm and the enigmatic ROBCASHFLOW will come out of the woodwork to blast that assumption to smithereens , whether they mean to or not .
Agree , disagree , have your own username horror story to share ?
Let us know .
Advertisement
No sooner does Barnes and Noble lower the price of its nook e-reader , than Amazon does the same with the Kindle .
Amazon.com has just announced that the 3G - equipped Kindle 2 e-reader is now $ 189 ( down from $ 259 , ) making it $ 10 cheaper than Barnes and Noble 's newly reduced 3G nook .
In May , Bloomberg reported that Amazon would be introducing a new , thinner Kindle in August ; so this price reduction could be less an answer to Barnes and Noble 's move , and more an inventory reducing move before the new device is unveiled .
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The End of Victory Culture , a history of the Cold War and beyond , as well as of a novel , The Last Days of Publishing .
His new book , The American Way of War : How Bush ’s Wars Became Obama ’s ( Haymarket Books ) , will be published this week .
To catch him discussing America in the “ Soviet era , " as well as his new book , on the latest TomCast audio interview , click here , or to download it to your iPod , click here .
Mark it on your calendar .
It seems we ’ve finally entered the Soviet era in America .
You remember the Soviet Union , now almost twenty years in its grave .
But who gives it a second thought today ?
Even in its glory years that “ evil empire ” was sometimes referred to as “ the second superpower . ”
In 1991 , after seven decades , it suddenly disintegrated and disappeared , leaving the United States — the “ sole superpower , ” even the “ hyperpower , ” on planet Earth — surprised but triumphant .
The USSR had been heading for the exits for quite a while , not that official Washington had a clue .
At the moment it happened , Soviet “ experts ” like Secretary of Defense Robert Gates ( then director of the CIA ) still expected the Cold War to go on and on .
In Washington , eyes were trained on the might of the Soviet military , which the Soviet leadership had never stopped feeding , even as its sclerotic bureaucracy was rotting , its economy ( which had ceased to grow in the late 1970s ) was tanking , budget deficits were soaring , indebtedness to other countries was growing , and social welfare payments were eating into what funds remained .
Not even a vigorous , reformist leader like Mikhail Gorbachev could staunch the rot , especially when , in the late 1980s , the price of Russian oil fell drastically .
Looking back , the most distinctive feature of the last years of the Soviet Union may have been the way it continued to pour money into its military — and its military adventure in Afghanistan — when it was already going bankrupt and the society it had built was beginning to collapse around it .
In the end , its aging leaders made a devastating miscalculation .
They mistook military power for power on this planet .
Armed to the teeth and possessing a nuclear force capable of destroying the Earth many times over , the Soviets nonetheless remained the vastly poorer , weaker , and ( except when it came to the arms race ) far less technologically innovative of the two superpowers .
In December 1979 , perhaps taking the bait of the Carter administration whose national security advisor was eager to see the Soviets bloodied by a “ Vietnam ” of their own , the Red Army invaded Afghanistan to support a weak communist government in Kabul .
When resistance in the countryside , led by Islamic fundamentalist guerrillas and backed by the other superpower , only grew , the Soviets sent in more troops , launched major offensives , called in air power , and fought on brutally and futilely for a decade until , in 1989 , long after they had been whipped , they withdrew in defeat .
Gorbachev had dubbed Afghanistan “ the bleeding wound , ” and when the wounded Red Army finally limped home , it was to a country that would soon cease to exist .
For the Soviet Union , Afghanistan had literally proven “ the graveyard of empires . ”
If , at the end , its military remained standing , the empire did n’t ( and if you do n’t already find this description just a tad eerie , given the present moment in the U.S. , you should ) .
In Washington , the Bush administration — G.H.W. ’s , not G.W. ’s — declared victory and then left the much ballyhooed “ peace dividend ” in the nearest ditch .
Caught off guard by the collapse of the Soviet Union , Washington ’s consensus policymakers drew no meaningful lessons from it ( just as they had drawn few that mattered from their Vietnam defeat sixteen years earlier ) .
Quite the opposite , successive American administrations would blindly head down the very path that had led the Soviets to ruin .
They would serially agree that , in a world without significant enemies , the key to U.S. global power still was the care and feeding of the American military and the military - industrial complex that went with it .
As the years passed , that military would be sent ever more regularly into the far reaches of the planet to fight frontier wars , establish military bases , and finally impose a global Pax Americana on the planet .
This urge , delusional in retrospect , seemed to reach its ultimate expression in the second Bush administration , whose infamous “ unilateralism ” rested on a belief that no country or even bloc of countries should ever again be allowed to come close to matching U.S. military power ( as its National Security Strategy of 2002 put the matter — and it could n’t have been blunter on the subject — the U.S. was to “ build and maintain ” its military power “ beyond challenge ” ) .
Bush ’s military fundamentalists firmly believed that , in the face of the most technologically advanced , bulked - up , destructive force around , hostile states would be “ shocked and awed ” by a simple demonstration of its power and friendly ones would have little choice but to come to heel as well .
After all , as the president said in front of a Veterans of Foreign Wars convention in 2007 , the U.S. military was “ the greatest force for human liberation the world has ever known . ”
In this way , far more than the Soviets , the top officials of the Bush administration mistook military power for power , a gargantuan misreading of the U.S. economic position in the world and of their moment .
Boundless Military Ambitions
The attacks of September 11 , 2001 , that “ Pearl Harbor of the twenty - first century , ” clinched the deal .
In the space the Soviet Union had deserted , which had been occupied by minor outlaw states like North Korea for years , there was a new shape - shifting enemy , al - Qaeda ( aka Islamic extremism , aka the new “ totalitarianism ” ) , which could be just as big as you wanted to make it .
Suddenly , we were in what the Bush administration instantly dubbed “ the Global War on Terror ” ( GWOT , one of the worst acronyms ever invented ) — and this time there would be nothing “ cold ” about it .
Bush administration officials promptly suggested that they were prepared to use a newly agile American military to “ drain the swamp ” of global terrorism ( " While we 'll try to find every snake in the swamp , the essence of the strategy is draining the swamp , " insisted Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz two weeks after 9/11 ) .
They were prepared , they made clear , to undertake those draining operations against Islamic “ terrorist networks ” in no less than sixty countries around the planet .
Their military ambitions , in other words , knew no bounds ; nor , it seemed , did the money and resources which began to flow into the Pentagon , the weapons industries , the country ’s increasingly militarized intelligence services , mercenary companies like Blackwater and KBR that grew fat on a privatizing administration ’s war plans and the multi-billion - dollar no - bid contracts it was eager to proffer , the new Department of Homeland Security , and a ramped - up , ever more powerful national security state .
As the Pentagon expanded , taking on ever newer roles , the numbers would prove staggering .
By the end of the Bush years , Washington was doling out almost twice what the next nine nations combined were spending on their militaries , while total U.S. military expenditures came to just under half the world ’s total .
Similarly , by 2008 , the U.S. controlled almost 70 % of the global arms market .
It also had eleven aircraft carrier battle groups capable of patrolling the world ’s seas and oceans at a time when no power that could faintly be considered a possible future enemy had more than one .
By then , private contractors had built for the Pentagon almost 300 military bases in Iraq , ranging from tiny combat outposts to massive “ American towns ” holding tens of thousands of troops and private contractors , with multiple bus lines , PX’s , fast - food “ boardwalks , ” massage parlors , water treatment and power plants , barracks , and airfields .
They were in the process of doing the same in Afghanistan and , to a lesser extent , in the Persian Gulf region generally .
This , too , represented a massive investment in what looked like a permanent occupation of the oil heartlands of the planet .
As right - wing pundit Max Boot put it after a recent flying tour of America ’s global garrisons , the U.S. possesses military bases that add up to “ a virtual American empire of Wal - Mart - style PXs , fast - food restaurants , golf courses , and gyms . ”
Depending on just what you counted , there were anywhere from seven hundred to perhaps twelve hundred or more U.S. bases , micro to macro , acknowledged and unacknowledged , around the globe .
Meanwhile , the Pentagon was pouring money into the wildest blue - skies thinking at its advanced research arm , DARPA , whose budget grew by 50 percent .
Through DARPA , well - funded scientists experimented with various ways to fight sci- fi - style wars in the near and distant future ( at a moment when no one was ready to put significant government money into blue - skies thinking about , for instance , how to improve the education of young Americans ) .
The Pentagon was also pioneering a new form of air power , drone warfare , in which “ we ” would n’t be within thousands of miles of the battlefield , and the battlefield would no longer necessarily be in a country with which we were at war .
It was also embroiled in two disastrous , potentially trillion - dollar wars ( and various global skirmishes ) — and all this at top dollar at a time when next to no money was being invested in , among other things , the bridges , tunnels , waterworks , and the like that made up an aging American infrastructure .
Except when it came to victory , the military stood ever taller , while its many missions expanded exponentially , even as the domestic economy was spinning out of control , budget deficits were increasing rapidly , the governmental bureaucracy was growing ever more sclerotic , and indebtedness to other nations was rising by leaps and bounds .
In other words , in a far wealthier country , another set of leaders , having watched the Soviet Union implode , decisively embarked on the Soviet path to disaster .
Military Profligacy
In the fall of 2008 , the abyss opened under the U.S. economy , which the Bush administration had been blissfully ignoring , and millions of people fell into it .
Giant institutions wobbled or crashed ; extended unemployment would n’t go away ; foreclosures happened on a mind - boggling scale ; infrastructure began to buckle ; state budgets were caught in a death grip ; teachers ’ jobs , another kind of infrastructure , went down the tubes in startling numbers ; and the federal deficit soared .
Of course , a new president also entered the Oval Office , someone ( many voters believed ) intent on winding up ( or at least down )
Bush ’s wars and the delusions of military omnipotence and technological omniscience that went with them .
If George W. Bush had pushed this country to the edge of disaster , at least his military policies , as many of his critics saw it , were as extreme and anomalous as the cult of executive power his top officials fostered .
But here was the strange thing .
In the midst of the Great Recession , under a new president with assumedly far fewer illusions about American omnipotence and power , war policy continued to expand in just about every way .
The Pentagon budget rose by Bushian increments in fiscal year 2010 ; and while the Iraq War reached a kind of dismal stasis , the new president doubled down in Afghanistan on entering office — and then doubled down again before the end of 2009 .
There , he “ surged ” in multiple ways .
At best , the U.S. was only drawing down one war , in Iraq , to feed the flames of another .
As in the Soviet Union before its collapse , the exaltation and feeding of the military at the expense of the rest of society and the economy had by now become the new normal ; so much so that hardly a serious word could be said — lest you not “ support our troops ” — when it came to ending the American way of war or downsizing the global mission or ponying up the funds demanded of Congress to pursue war preparations and war - making .
Even when , after years of astronomical growth , Secretary of Defense Robert Gates began to talk about cost - cutting at the Pentagon , it was in the service of the reallocation of ever more money to war - fighting .
Here was how the New York Timessummed up what reduction actually meant for our ultimate super - sized institution in tough times : “ Current budget plans project growth of only 1 percent in the Pentagon budget , after inflation , over the next five years . ”
Only 1 percent growth — at a time when state budgets , for instance , are being slashed to the bone .
Like the Soviet military , the Pentagon , in other words , is planning to remain obese whatever else goes down .
Meanwhile , the “ anti- war ” president has been overseeing the expansion of the new normal on many fronts , including the expanding size of the Army itself .
In fact , when it comes to the Global War on Terror — even with the name now in disuse — the profligacy can still take your breath away .
Consider , for instance , the $ 2.2 billion Host Nation Trucking contract the Pentagon uses to pay protection money to Afghan security companies which , in turn , slip some part of those payments to the Taliban to let American supplies travel safely on Afghan roads .
Or if you do n’t want to think about how your tax dollar supports the Taliban , consider the $ 683,000 the Pentagon spent , according to the Washington Post , to “ renovate a cafe that sells ice cream and Starbucks coffee ” at its base / prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Or the $ 773,000 used there “ to remodel a cinder - block building to house a KFC / Taco Bell restaurant , ” or the $ 7.3 million spent on baseball and football fields , or the $ 60,000 batting cage , or a promised $ 20,000 soccer cage , all part of the approximately two billion dollars that have gone into the American base and prison complex that Barack Obama promised to , but can ’t , close .
Or what about the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad , that 104 - acre , almost three - quarters - of - a- billion - dollar , 21 - building homage to the American - mall - as - fortified - citadel ?
It costs more than $ 1.5 billion a year to run , and bears about as much relationship to an “ embassy ” as McDonald ’s does to a neighborhood hamburger joint .
According to a recent audit , millions of dollars in “ federal property ” assigned to what is essentially a vast command center for the region , including 159 of the embassy 's 1,168 vehicles , are missing or unaccounted for .
And as long as we ’re talking about expansion in distant lands , how about the Pentagon ’s most recent construction plans in Central Asia , part of a prospective “ mini- building boom ” there .
They are to include an anti-terrorism training center to be constructed for a bargain basement $ 5.5 million in ... no , not Toledo or Akron or El Paso , but the combustible city of Osh in southern Kyrgyzstan .
And that ’s just one of several projects there and in neighboring Tajikistan that are reportedly to be funded out of the U.S. Central Command ’s “ counter - narcotics fund ” ( and ultimately , of course , your pocket ) .
Or consider a particularly striking example of military expansion under President Obama , superbly reported by the Washington Post ’s Karen DeYoung and Greg Jaffe in a piece headlined , “ U.S. ' secret war ' expands globally as Special Operations forces take larger role . ”
As a story , it sank without a trace in a country evidently unfazed by the idea of having its forces garrisoned and potentially readying to fight everywhere on the planet .
Here ’s how the piece began :
“ Beneath its commitment to soft - spoken diplomacy and beyond the combat zones of Afghanistan and Iraq , the Obama administration has significantly expanded a largely secret U.S. war against al - Qaeda and other radical groups , according to senior military and administration officials .
Special Operations forces have grown both in number and budget , and are deployed in 75 countries , compared with about 60 at the beginning of last year . ”
Now , without opening an atlas , just try to name any seventy - five countries on this planet — more than one - third , that is , of the states belonging to the United Nations .
And yet U.S. special operatives are now engaging in war , or preparing for war , or training others to do so , or covertly collecting intelligence in that many countries across Asia , Africa , the Middle East , and Latin America .
Fifteen more than in the Bush era .
Whatever it is or is n’t called , this remains Bush ’s Global War on Terror on an expansionist trajectory .
DeYoung and Jaffe quote an unnamed “ senior military official ” saying that the Obama administration has allowed " things that the previous administration did not , " and report that Special Operations commanders are now “ a far more regular presence at the White House ” than in the Bush years .
Not surprisingly , those Special Operations forces have themselves expanded in the first year and a half of the Obama presidency and , for fiscal year 2011 , with 13,000 of them already deployed abroad , the administration has requested a 5.7 percent hike in their budget to $ 6.3 billion .
Once upon a time , Special Operations forces got their name because they were small and “ special . ”
Now , they are , in essence , being transformed into a covert military within the military and , as befits their growing size , reports Noah Shachtman of the Wired 's Danger Room , the Army Special Forces alone are slated to get a new $ 100 million “ headquarters ” in northern Afghanistan .
It will cover about 17 acres and will include a “ communications building , Tactical Operations Center , training facility , medical aid station , Vehicle Maintenance Facility ... dining facility , laundry facility , and a kennel to support working dogs ...
Supporting facilities include roads , power production system and electrical distribution , water well , non-potable water production , water storage , water distribution , sanitary sewer collection system , communication manhole / duct system , curbs , walkways , drainage and parking . ”
This headquarters , adds Shachtman , will take a year to build , “ at which point , the U.S. is allegedly supposed to begin drawing down its forces in Afghanistan .
Allegedly . ”
And mind you , the Special Operations troops are but one expanding part of the U.S. military .
Creeping Gigantism
The first year and a half of the Obama administration has seen a continuation of what could be considered the monumental socialist - realist era of American war - making ( including a decision to construct another huge , Baghdad - style “ embassy ” in Islamabad , Pakistan ) .
This sort of creeping gigantism , with all its assorted cost overruns and private perks , would undoubtedly have seemed familiar to the Soviets .
Certainly no less familiar will be the near decade the U.S. military has spent , increasingly disastrously , in the Afghan graveyard .
Drunk on war as Washington may be , the U.S. is still not the Soviet Union in 1991 — not yet .
But it ’s not the triumphant “ sole superpower ” anymore either .
Its global power is visibly waning , its ability to win wars distinctly in question , its economic viability open to doubt .
It has been transformed from a can - do into a can ’t - do nation , a fact only highlighted by the ongoing BP catastrophe and “ rescue ” in the Gulf of Mexico .
Its airports are less shiny and more Third World - like every year .
Unlike France or China , it has not a mile of high - speed rail .
And when it comes to the future , especially the creation and support of innovative industries in alternative energy , it ’s chasingthe pack .
It is increasingly a low - end service economy , losing good jobs that will never return .
And if its armies come home in defeat ... watch out .
In 1991 , the Soviet Union suddenly evaporated .
The Cold War was over .
Like many wars , it seemed to have an obvious winner and an obvious loser .
Nearly twenty years later , as the U.S. heads down the Soviet road to disaster — even if the world ca n’t imagine what a bankrupt America might mean — it ’s far clearer that , in the titanic struggle of the two superpowers that we came to call the Cold War , there were actually two losers , and that , when the “ second superpower ” left the scene , the first was already heading for the exits , just ever so slowly and in a state of self - intoxicated self - congratulation .
Nearly every decision in Washington since then , including Barack Obama ’s to expand both the Afghan War and the war on terror , has only made what , in 1991 , was one possible path seem like fate itself .
Call up the Politburo in Washington .
We ’re in trouble .
The ongoing oil disaster in the Gulf of Mexico has taken an enormous toll on the region ’s economy .
BP ’s Deepwater Horizon rig gushes as much oil every five to 10 days as the Exxon Valdez released overall — and there ’s no end in sight .
The economies of Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Texas , and Florida will be devastated for decades to come .
Some oil companies , such as Chevron , claim that this is an isolated incident caused by a sloppy company , with its damages confined to the gulf states .
But it is a symptom of true national crisis — a crisis caused by our oil dependence and our unwillingness to release a national economy held hostage by fossil fuels .
This manmade disaster underscores the harsh consequences of delay in addressing our currently unsustainable energy and economic development path .
The current crisis demands that we do far more than protect communities in the Gulf of Mexico .
As President Barack Obama himself has said , we must “ make certain a spill like this never happens again . ”
Our national response must drive a sustained effort to reduce our dependence on fossil fuels .
We must target the structural causes of our vulnerability to oil in an effort to rebuild and strengthen our national economy while restoring the economic health of oil - dependent regions .
The debate about the BP oil disaster has so far focused largely on how to keep drilling more safely — as if oil is the oxygen in the very air we breathe .
But there are alternatives : alternatives to oil , and alternatives to the stranglehold that fossil fuels have on the American economy .
Public support for these alternatives grows with each new barrel of oil flowing into the gulf .
It is high time for Congress and the Obama administration to step up and heed this call to action .
The Obama administration ’s efforts to manage the oil spill have so far been pragmatic and transparent .
What America needs now is for the president and Congress to make a bold commitment to lead our country out of BP ’s oil spill mess and away from the dirty energy sources that caused it , and toward a profitable and powerful clean energy future .
Cleaning up and rebuilding the gulf will take much long - term strategic thinking and planning , but this should not come at the expense of immediate action .
BP cannot and should not be trusted to manage the real - time information and data that will inform the rebuilding because their interests are inherently not aligned with those of the American people .
The Obama administration must take the reins , deploy the military in playing a leadership role in the cleanup , keep BP on the financial hook , and give the American people an accurate picture of what is happening on the ground .
President Obama must deliver on his core campaign promise of accountability and transparency like he did with his leadership in passing the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 .
The president should establish an independent Gulf Recovery Oversight Board to manage the cleanup and recovery efforts and make the information and data associated with them accessible to the public via GulfRecovery .gov .
This type of bold action will send the message that this type of disaster cannot and will not happen again .
Building a clean energy strategy will not be easy and the president cannot do it alone .
Congress has made significant advances in laying out serious legislative proposals over the past year that offer concrete proposals , not only for reigning in our carbon emissions , but also for getting off fossil fuels and rebuilding our economy on the firm foundation of energy innovation .
Yet Congress is only one step into a truly comprehensive strategy to build a clean energy economy .
If we are to turn the BP oil disaster into economic opportunity and reduce our strategic vulnerability to fossil fuel dependence , the president and Congress must see this crisis in its true light .
It is not a crisis caused only by BP or even by our oil dependence alone .
It is a disaster borne from an economic strategy that is based on dwindling and dangerous fossil fuels .
There is a path out of this mess :
We must better regulate oil while moving the country beyond our dependence on oil .
We must aggressively invest in alternative energy technologies , including energy efficiency programs .
And we must finally cap and price carbon pollution , meeting the global commitment to bring carbon emissions down to at least 17 percent below 2005 emissions by 2020 .
These efforts , taken together , can propel the United States along the path to ending oil dependence , rebuilding our economy on a low - carbon foundation , and meeting the climate pollution reduction targets outlined in House and Senate legislation , even in the absence of a congressionally authorized carbon trading system .
And it will preserve and enhance clean air and clean water for our children and their children .
We are at a time unlike any other in history .
The president , Congress , and the American people must think big and realize that the 21st century economy will not be powered by the same 20th century engines .
We need a strategy that will get us back to work , wean us off dirty energy from hostile nations , bring health and economic benefits to countless Americans , and drive the long - term American prosperity and strength to which we are accustomed .
We need a clean energy future , and we need to start building it now .
Moving away from our dependence on oil
The path forward to a new energy economy must begin with a direct response to the current crisis .
That means it must begin with oil .
We must stop risking workers ’ lives and putting taxpayers on the hook to pay for our country ’s oil dependence .
We need comprehensive oil reform legislation that protects us from future production disasters , reduces our oil use , promotes the transition to less polluting fuels and a new generation of vehicles , cuts oil industry subsidies , and generates revenue to help us reduce our consumption of oil .
The Center for American Progress has proposed an oil reform agenda that regulates the oil industry while also moving the country away from our utter dependence on that industry .
We propose :
Eliminating the liability limit for offshore oil disasters , which currently caps oil spill liability at $ 75 million
Requiring BP to put $ 5 billion — its first quarter 2010 profits — into an escrow fund to ensure prompt payments for cleanup and compensation
Requiring all oil companies active in the region to invest in a long - term economic development fund to reverse the decades of damage that the oil and gas industry has done to wetlands and the overall economy
Adopting the recommendations for offshore oil - well safety in the Interior Department ’s “ Increased Safety Measures for Energy Development on the Outer Continental Shelf ” report , including better back - up systems and more complete inspections
Implementing fuel economy and alternatively fueled vehicle measures that will produce a 7 million barrel - per - day reduction in oil use by 2030 with interim reductions , and empowering the president to implement these measures to reach that goal
Significantly reducing oil use from vehicles by establishing 40 mile - per - gallon fuel economy standards for cars and light trucks by 2020 , and establishing the first fuel economy standards for medium - and heavy - duty trucks
Powering trucks and buses with natural gas by enacting the NAT GAS Act
Powering cars with electricity by enacting the Electric Vehicle Deployment Act
Eliminating taxpayer subsides that benefit big oil companies
Invoking the Trade Expansion
Act to levy a fee on imported oil and use the revenue from this fee to invest in public transit , high - speed rail , and infrastructure for electric and natural gas vehicles
Bringing clean energy and efficiency to scale
The United States will continue to be dependent on fossil fuels such as oil and coal until we invest in energy and fuel alternatives .
And oil and coal are dirty energy sources that are increasingly harder and more dangerous to find .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act jumpstarted these investments by putting over $ 80 billion into renewable and efficient energy programs .
But ARRA funds are coming to an end this year , and we must come up with a strategy to prevent clean energy companies from moving out of the United States to other countries with more competitive positions in the growing global clean energy economy .
The Obama administration and Congress must provide long - term , stable incentives for investments so businesses and entrepreneurs see the United States as a good place to invent , commercialize , manufacture , and deploy clean energy and energy efficient technologies .
We can get off oil and turn instead to the efficient use of domestically produced renewable alternatives to fossil fuels .
It will involve retooling our automotive fleet to rely on clean , domestic forms of fuel and increasingly relying on electricity .
This will require rebuilding our energy grid , reconfiguring our factories , and rewiring communities for smarter energy use .
Simply put , a national agenda that spurs investments in clean energy on a mass scale is a smart , profitable , economic move that will create jobs and make America more competitive and secure .
To get off fossil fuels and rely instead on smart , clean , domestic energy choices , we must :
Create a “ green bank ” to bring clean energy to consumers by increasing access to financing for entrepreneurs that have invented new clean energy technologies , helping get these technologies through the “ valley of death ” and to commercial scale in the market
Extend incentives for clean energy and advanced technology vehicle manufacturing , such as the 48C manufacturing tax credits and the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program under ARRA , to put a new fleet of American made electric vehicles on the road and ensure that U.S. manufacturers participate in global clean energy markets
Provide certainty to clean energy project developers by passing an ambitious but achievable national renewable energy standard mandating that 25 percent of our electricity be produced from renewable sources by 2025 to foster the long - term market stability essential to U.S. competitiveness in renewable energy manufacturing and production
Extend federal financing programs along the lines of those included in ARRA — renewable energy production grants and loan guarantees to clean energy project developers to ensure that renewable energy projects continue during this period of economic recovery , bringing new domestic clean energy on line
Make homes and buildings more energy efficient by passing strong federal building standards and a robust federal energy efficiency resource standard , reducing dependence on imported energy , creating greater stability in energy markets , and increasing demand for energy efficient technology
Establish direct public - investment programs and strong market incentives to encourage home owners and commercial and industrial property managers to invest in energy efficiency through measures such as the proposed HOME STAR and Building Star programs
Create new tools for financing implementation of building energy efficiency and distributed renewable energy generation by providing federal support for innovative state , local , and private sector financing tools — including on - bill and PACE financing and other measures — that help home owners overcome the first cost barriers that currently discourage investment in profitable clean energy retrofits in homes and offices
Rebuild the U.S. electricity grid to support reliance on clean , domestic , renewable energy as an alternative to oil in motor vehicles and as a replacement for unsustainable fossil fuels across the economy .
This involves increasing federal backstop authority for planning , siting , and cost allocation in the construction of new transmission infrastructure built to accommodate new renewable energy resources , as well as improved federal standards and cost sharing for implementation of digital smart grid technology within regional electricity distribution networks
Putting a limit and a price on carbon pollution
The BP oil disaster has taught us that worst - case scenarios sometimes happen , even when fossil fuel companies assure us they are inconceivable .
The government ’s job is to do everything to prevent these problems from happening in the first place , since response and adaptation to such catastrophes is always inadequate .
The business - as - usual scenario for unrestricted greenhouse gas emissions include more than 9 °F warming this century , four to six feet or more of sea level rise , widespread Dust - Bowlification of the Southwest United States , and deadly ocean acidification .
But the worst - case scenario is unimaginably worse .
Another lesson from the BP crisis is that companies , which are not responsible for the true costs of their actions , do not make decisions that are in the best interests of the American people .
BP was liable only for $ 75 million in economic damages for an oil spill ; the company therefore decided not to put safety measures into place that would limit the damages from such a spill .
Fossil fuel pollution hurts lives and livelihoods .
It needs to be priced that way — otherwise the public will pay , and not polluters .
Charging polluters the true costs of fossil fuel pollution has another benefit — it generates revenue , which can then be re-invested in the clean energy economy .
That is why Congress must pass legislation to put a cap and a price on carbon pollution , and to re-invest a significant portion of the proceeds back into the economy to get America off its oil and dirty energy addiction .
At the same time , Congress must be careful not to thwart the state and regional governments that have already taken strides toward clean energy deployment and carbon pollution reductions .
We must preserve states ’ and communities ’ ability to lead the nation if we are going to remain a center of innovation and an economic engine in the growing global market for advanced low - carbon technology .
The Environmental Protection Agency ’s authority to regulate carbon emissions also remains a critical public protection from big energy companies and for reducing our energy vulnerability .
EPA rules provide a vital insurance policy to guarantee that America will deploy clean energy alternatives to oil and other fossil fuels .
A strong investment - led program for technology deployment — with the backstop of potential EPA regulatory action — offers a way forward for meeting our global commitments to bring new energy alternatives on line .
The recent defeat of Sen. Lisa Murkowski’s ( R - AK ) stand alone resolution that would have rolled back the EPA ’s regulatory authority is an important victory for clean energy because it affirms the federal government ’s responsibility to regulate businesses when they fail to protect the public interest .
As Congress and the president work to put in place a more comprehensive approach to replace oil and polluting fossil fuels with smart energy technology , we must at a minimum preserve those rules that are now currently in place to help steer our economy toward better energy choices .
America ’s response to the crisis in the Gulf of Mexico can lay the foundation for a national strategy to restore our national energy security by moving off of unsustainable and imported fossil fuels .
This solutions - driven approach , which starts with reducing our use of oil and expands to implement existing technology across our entire economy to rebuild on the foundation of clean energy , will also allow the United States to join the community of nations in reducing global energy insecurity by addressing the threat of global warming .
Combining direct policies to deploy clean technology with simple regulatory authorities will allow the United States to meet it ’s global commitments to reduce global warming pollution by 17 percent below 2005 levels within a decade .
Meeting this commitment will further improve our global competitiveness and reduce our vulnerability to price shocks and rising energy demand .
We must never let this happen again
The gulf crisis would have played out differently if the Bush administration had made different policy choices during its time in office .
Stronger regulation and higher liability caps would likely have pushed BP to try harder to avert this crisis by investing in backup safety devices , such as an acoustic blowout preventer of the type already required in Norway and Brazil .
If the United States had taken more aggressive steps toward fuel economy , BP might not have found it economically viable to venture into risky deepwater drilling in the first place .
If we had invested in clean energy development and deployment in the gulf states , these states might have had a stronger and more diverse economy to fall back on in the event of a major oil spill instead of finding themselves decimated by the only industry they have .
And if we had put a price on carbon back when many other countries made this move , every single business decision made by an oil , gas , or energy company in the United States would have focused more on environmental consequences and less on corporate profit .
The economic and environmental damage resulting from the BP oil disaster could have been prevented .
But it was n’t .
The fossil fuel industry was once an innovative and progressive one .
It facilitated over a century ’s worth of innovation in America , but today we face new global challenges , new pressures on our energy sector , and a new reality for our economy as a whole .
Big
Oil companies have spent their money over the last several decades buying the right to cut every possible corner to make profit — to pollute our air and lakes , to pay fewer taxes , and to decide their own safety standards .
The laws that govern our energy production — the energy that fuels our entire economy — were written by these companies , and for these companies , to ensure short - term profits with no regard to long - term American economic growth and stability .
It is time for this to change .
America must learn the right lessons from BP ’s oil disaster and focus on fresh solutions that will put the United States on a profitable path to an economy fueled by clean , secure , and domestic energy .
These solutions are close at hand if we mobilize the political will to get the job done .
The efforts outlined above , taken together , can propel the United States well along the path to ending oil dependence , rebuilding our economy on the foundation of clean , domestic , low - carbon energy , and meeting our global clean energy and climate commitments , even in the absence of a congressionally authorized climate change policy .
We must move rapidly on all fronts to reduce oil dependence , rein in pollution , and prepare our economy for a future that no longer relies on fossil fuels for the lifeblood of our economy .
We ca n’t afford to spend time looking backward .
We must focus with single - minded purpose on moving the American economy toward a cleaner and more secure energy future .
We can use this moment of crisis to rebuild and build back better in order to restore American security and regain our economic footing .
Following this course of action can allow the president , Congress , gulf region , and Americans to make sure that such a crisis never happens again .
Bracken Hendricks and Tom Kenworthy are Senior Fellows , and Kate Gordon is the VP for Energy Policy at the Center for American Progress .
For more information on CAP ’s take on the BP disaster , see :
AMITYVILLE , N.Y . ( AP ) 
The house made famous in the 1979 film The Amityville Horror is up for sale in New York — ghosts not included .
The five - bedroom Dutch Colonial went on the market Monday for $ 1.15 million .
The Oscar - nominated film is based on the story of the Lutz family 's brief stay in the house in 1975 after six members of the DeFeo family were shot and killed as they slept in the home .
Eldest son Ronald DeFeo Jr. was convicted of the murders .
The crime spawned a book and a series of movies that chronicled various supernatural horrors , including visions of walls oozing slime , moving furniture and a visit from a demonic pig named Jodie .
The original film stars James Brolin and Margot Kidder .
Neighbors say gawkers still occasionally come by , mostly on Halloween .
Information from : Newsday , http://www.newsday.com
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
President Obama was supposed to drop by the U.S. island colony of Guam in his trip to the Asia - Pacific region a couple of weeks ago .
The trip was postponed and there is no announcement yet of when it will be rescheduled .
But whenever he arrives , residents of Guam are going to give him an earful about a planned massive expansion of the already large U.S. military presence .
Guam , called Guahan by many of its 178,000 inhabitants , is the largest of the Northern Marianas islands , in the South Pacific .
It was settled by speakers of Malayo - Polynesian languages about 2,000 B.C.
In the 1500’s , Guam / Guahan was “ discovered ” by Portuguese explorer Ferdinand Magellan .
Subsequently , the Spanish took possession of the island , subjugating the native Polynesian Chamorro ( or Chamoru ) people to its rule .
In 1898 , the United States seized Guam from Spain as part of the booty of the Spanish - American War .
The U.S. Navy ran Guam as a supply station until , in 1941 , the Japanese invaded , imposing a brutally violent military regime .
The people of Guam supported the expulsion of the Japanese military by the United States .
But after the war , the United States greatly intensified its presence as part of a Cold War strategy of setting up U.S. bases in areas considered strategic for projecting force against the Soviet Union , China and other adversaries .
Recently , the whole Marianas group , including Guam , has begun to be seen as a good place to set up cheap labor sweatshops , although this has been somewhat slowed down by the Abramoff scandal .
As a result of the intensification of the U.S. military presence , major demographic , cultural and ecological changes have hit Guam .
Today , only 37 percent of the population is indigenous Chamorro ; the rest are of Filipino , United States and others .
The Chamorro language is declining .
The local government has very limited powers , and the people of Guam , though U.S. citizens , neither have voting representation in Congress , nor the right to vote in U.S. presidential elections .
Because the U.S. military has occupied 30 percent of the land , and because of the domination of the island economy by the United States , Guam , which until World War II grew enough food to feed its own people plus the U.S. military , now imports 90 percent of its food .
So it was no huge surprise when the United States government suddenly announced , without any consultation with the locals , that its military presence in Guam was going to be massively increased .
But this time , the people of Guam are fighting back .
The trouble started in Japan , where , since the end of World War II , the United States has maintained military bases .
The U.S. bases on the island of Okinawa have been the focus of an increasingly powerful protest movement , sparked by sometimes violent behavior by U.S. soldiers , who are immune from prosecution by local authorities .
In reaction to that movement , the government of former Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama , elected in August 2009 , had promised to get the United States to redeploy troops from the area of greatest friction .
However , he was unsuccessful and resigned this spring because of the problem .
Nevertheless , the U.S. military has announced that it will be transferring 8,500 U.S. Marines from Okinawa to Guam .
The move will involve a massive increase in support services and infrastructure .
Its impact will include :
* Bringing in as many as 80,000 more people from outside , troops and civilians , thus making the Chamorros even more of a minority in the lands they have inhabited for 4,000 years ( they would drop from 37 percent to 26 percent ) .
* Alienating even more farm and other land for military purposes .
* Severe damage to neighboring coral reefs and other natural resources for the purpose of expanding Navy facilities , including a berth for an aircraft carrier at a spot which is a principle birthing are for hammerhead sharks .
The Navy did a bogus “ environmental impact study ” .
However , a review by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has had something very different to say .
Among other things noted by the EPA is that the sudden increase in population will create a huge crisis of drinking water , “ unprecedented ” impacts on coral reefs , vastly increased noise pollution , among other things .
Though the people of Guam have not massively opposed the U.S. military presence up to now , the new plans , and the arrogant way they are being imposed , have sparked an increasingly strong protest movement .
Meetings around the island have denounced the plans and raised demands for increasing autonomy .
The demand for a face to face meeting with Obama when he finally arrives has come out of this process .
Follow the struggle of the people of Guam at http://weareguahan.com.
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
On April 20 , 2010 , the oil rig Deepwater Horizon suffered an explosion and sank two days later .
Shortly thereafter , oil began leaking into the Gulf of Mexico from ruptured pipes deep on the ocean floor .
NASA satellites have been tracking the growth of the oil spill as it has spread towards the northern Gulf Coast .
This detailed astronaut photograph from May 4 provides a different viewing perspective on the ongoing event .
The image is oblique , meaning that it was taken from a sideways viewing angle from the International Space Station ( ISS ) , rather than from a “ straight down ” ( or nadir ) view , which is typical of automated satellite sensors .
The view in this image is towards the west ; the ISS was located over the eastern edge of the Gulf of Mexico when the image was taken .
The Mississippi River Delta and nearby Louisiana coast ( image top ) appear dark in the sunglint that illuminates most of the image .
Sunglint is caused by sunlight reflecting off the water surface — much like a mirror — directly back towards the astronaut observer on the Space Station .
The sunglint improves the identification of the oil spill .
Oil on the water smoothes the surface texture , and the mirror - like reflection of the Sun accentuates the difference between the smooth , oil - covered water ( dark to light gray ) and the rougher water of the reflective ocean surface ( colored silver to white ) .
Wind and water currents patterns have modified the oil spill ’s original shape into streamers and elongated masses .
Among the coastal ecosystems threatened by the spill are the Chandeleur Islands ( image right center ) .
Other features visible in the image include a solid field of low cloud cover at the lower left corner of the image .
V - shaped ship or boat wakes are visible in the large image .
Wave patterns at image lower right are most likely caused by tidal effects .
Astronaut photograph ISS023 - E-32397 was acquired on May 4 , 2010 , with a Nikon D3S digital camera fitted with an effective 160 mm lens , and is provided by the ISS Crew Earth Observations experiment and Image Science & Analysis Laboratory , Johnson Space Center .
The image was taken by the Expedition 23 crew .
The image in this article has been cropped and enhanced to improve contrast .
Lens artifacts have been removed .
The International Space Station Program supports the laboratory as part of the ISS National Lab to help astronauts take pictures of Earth that will be of the greatest value to scientists and the public , and to make those images freely available on the Internet .
Additional images taken by astronauts and cosmonauts can be viewed at the NASA / JSC Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth .
Caption by Susan K. Runco and William L. Stefanov , NASA - JSC .
Most mornings , I take a 45 - minute walk around my Bronx neighborhood .
My route takes me past Harris Field , where my kids played baseball with the Mosholu - Montefiore Little League .
My oldest played there for seven seasons , and I have lots of good memories of Harris , of sitting in my portable chair , rooting for my kids and schmoozing with the other parents .
Unfortunately Harris
Field has been closed for two years now , and from the looks of the place ( construction fences closing it off , dirt and rocks everywhere ) , no one will be playing baseball or any other sport there anytime soon .
What ’s the problem ?
In a nutshell , lack of money .
In the spring of 2008 , a renovation project began at Harris , with a budget of $ 6.6 million , which soon went up to $ 8.7 million .
However , the price tag skyrocketed to $ 15 million , after high levels of lead were found in the soil .
Given the budget crisis facing the city , and the priorities of the Bloomberg administration , it ’s hard to imagine how they will find money for a park in the Bronx , despite the fact that Harris was a very busy place .
In addition to the Mosholu - Montefiore sports program , the Bronx High School of Science , DeWitt Clinton High and others shared its six fields .
For the past two years , M- M has had to cut its Little League program from 1000 to 500 kids , and the high schools have scrambled for space .
Unfortunately , playing field scarcity is a common story here in NYC - unless you have money , as when a group of private schools brokered a deal with the city to reserve for themselves the choice times on Randalls Island fields in exchange for paying part of the renovation costs .
What ’s happening at Harris is just a tiny part of the catastrophe that ’s in the works when it comes to the public places where working - class people relax , play and enjoy nature .
According to the National Trust for Historic Preservation , state parks from coast to coast are threatened with deep funding cuts – in fact , they list “ state parks ” as # 1 of the most endangered sites .
This year nearly 30 states have proposed or enacted such cuts and a recent survey estimates as many as 400 state parks could close .
And city parks are in as bad or worse shape .
Here in New York , Governor Paterson recently came up with a cynical proposal for saving New York ’s parks – cutting the budget of the Environmental Protection Fund .
Needless to say , environmental organizations are outraged at this King Solomon - like choice .
Is there no money for parks ?
The Central Park Conservancy ( a private foundation that runs Manhattan ’s Central Park ) raises 85 % of its $ 25 million annual operating budget from private donors , and pays its president $ 364,000 a year .
Richard Hammond , the CEO of the recently opened Highline park in lower Manhattan receives $ 250,000 a year .
When I read this , I thought about the fact that Paterson and gubernatorial hopeful Andrew Cuomo have both come out against the State Assembly ’s “ millionaire tax ” — a 1 percentage point increase on millionaires , and another 0.75 points on those earning more than $ 5 million per year .
Dean Baker , of the Center for Economic and Policy Research , has estimated that a small tax of a quarter of 1 percent imposed on the sale of a wide range of securities would yield $ 100 billion to $ 150 billion .
As the Central Park Conservancy slogan says , “ You gotta have park . ”
Unless we believe that Manhattanites “ gotta have park ” more than people in the Bronx , Brooklyn , Queens and Staten Island , then funding must be found to keep all of our parks open and cared for .
Unless we believe that the students at exclusive private schools in Manhattan have more right to sports than kids in the Bronx , funding must be found to quickly clean up and renovate Harris Park .
So yes , tax those millionaires ( the “ half - millionaires ” too ) .
Tax those Wall Street bonuses , most of which were given as stock transfers to avoid income tax .
Find the money , because we all gotta have park .
Photo :
Heavy metals have been found during the reconstruction of Harris Field .
( Megan Taylor / Norwood News )
President Obama has a solution to the Gulf oil spill : $ 7 - a - gallon gas .
That ’s a Harvard University study ’s estimate of the per-gallon price of the president ’s global - warming agenda .
And Obama made clear this week that this agenda is a part of his plan for addressing the Gulf mess .
So what does global - warming legislation have to do with the oil spill ?
Good question , because such measures would n’t do a thing to clean up the oil or fix the problems that led to the leak .
The answer can be found in Obama Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel ’s now - famous words , “ You never want a serious crisis to go to waste — and what I mean by that is it ’s an opportunity to do things that you think you could not do before . ”
That sure was true of global - warming policy , and especially the cap - and - trade bill .
Many observers thought the measure , introduced last year in the House by Reps.
Henry Waxman ( D - Calif. ) and Edward Markey ( D - Mass . ) , was dead :
The American people did n’t seem to think that the so - called global - warming crisis justified a price - hiking , job - killing , economy - crushing redesign of our energy supply amid a fragile recovery .
Passing another major piece of legislation , one every bit as unpopular as ObamaCare , appeared unlikely in an election year .
So Obama and congressional proponents of cap - and - trade spent several months rebranding it — downplaying the global - warming rationale and claiming that it was really a jobs bill ( the so - called green jobs were supposed to spring from the new clean - energy economy ) and an energy - independence bill ( that will somehow stick it to OPEC ) .
Sens. John Kerry ( D - Mass . ) and Joe Lieberman ( I - Conn . ) even reportedly declined to introduce their new cap - and - trade proposal in the Senate on Earth Day , because they wanted to de-emphasize the global - warming message .
Instead , Kerry called the American Power Act “ a plan that creates jobs and sets us on a course toward energy independence and economic resurgence . ”
But the new marketing strategy was n’t working .
Few believe the green - jobs hype — with good reason .
In Spain , for example , green jobs have been an expensive bust , with each position created requiring , on average , $ 774,000 in government subsidies .
And the logic of getting us off oil imports via a unilateral measure that punishes American coal , oil and natural gas never made any sense at all .
Now the president is repackaging cap - and - trade — again — as a long - term solution to the oil spill .
But it ’s the same old agenda , a huge energy tax that will raise the cost of gasoline and electricity high enough so that we ’re forced to use less .
The logic linking cap - and - trade to the spill in the Gulf should frighten anyone who owns a car or truck .
Such measures force up the price at the pump — Harvard Kennedy School ’s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs thinks it “ may require gas prices greater than $ 7 a gallon by 2020 ” to meet Obama ’s stated goal of reducing emissions 14 percent from the transportation sector .
Of course , doing so would reduce gasoline use and also raise market share for hugely expensive alternative fuels and vehicles that could never compete otherwise .
Less gasoline demand means less need for drilling and thus a slightly reduced chance of a repeat of the Deepwater Horizon spill — but only slightly .
Oil will still be a vital part of America ’s energy mix .
Oil - spill risks should be addressed directly — such as finding out why the leak occurred and requiring new preventive measures or preparing an improved cleanup plan for the next incident .
Cap - and - trade is no fix and would cause trillions of dollars in collateral economic damage along the way .
Emanuel was wrong .
The administration should n’t view each crisis — including the oil spill — as an opportunity to be exploited , but as a problem to be addressed .
And America ca n’t afford $ 7 - a - gallon gas .
Ben Lieberman is senior analyst of energy and environmental policy in The Heritage Founda tion ’s Roe Institute .
In its notorious 2009 decision upholding the use of eminent domain on behalf of a professional basketball stadium in Brooklyn , New York 's highest court acknowledged that " there remains a hypothetical case in which we might intervene to prevent an urban redevelopment condemnation on public use grounds — where ' the physical conditions of an area might be such that it would be irrational and baseless to call it substandard and insanitary . ' "
That case is no longer hypothetical .
On June 1 , New York 's Court of Appeals will hear oral arguments in Kaur v. Urban Development Corporation .
At issue is the state 's controversial use of eminent domain on behalf of Columbia University , which wants free rein to build a sweeping new 17 - acre research campus in the West Harlem neighborhood of Manhattanville .
To that end , Columbia joined forces with the Empire State Development Corporation ( ESDC ) , the powerful yet little - known state agency authorized to bypass zoning laws and seize private property via eminent domain .
In July 2008 the ESDC declared Manhattanville to be " blighted , " the state of severe economic disrepair required to trigger an eminent domain taking under state law .
But Columbia 's schemes came to a halt last December when a state appellate court struck down the ESDC 's actions .
Writing for a majority of the Supreme Court Appellate Division , First Department , Justice James Catterson denounced the ESDC for being " biased in Columbia 's favor " and condemned the agency 's blight determination as " mere sophistry . "
It 's now up to the Court of Appeals to decide whether Justice Catterson got it right .
He did .
As lead attorney and former New York Civil Liberties Union executive director Norman Siegel has been able to prove thanks to reams of documents retrieved via the state 's Freedom of Information Law , Columbia and the ESDC actively colluded in order to produce the very conditions of blight that would then allow the ESDC to seize property on the university 's behalf .
This documentary record , which Siegel carefully details in the legal brief he submitted to the Court of Appeals , offers a convincing and damning portrait of government malfeasance on behalf of an elite private institution .
In 2006 , for instance , the ESDC hired the planning firm Allee King Rosen & Fleming , Inc. ( AKRF ) to perform an " impartial " blight study of Manhattanville .
Yet as internal documents later revealed , the study was explicitly designed to rubber stamp the Columbia - ESDC agenda .
In its initial outline , AKRF promised to " focus on characteristics that demonstrate blight conditions " and to emphasize " highlighting any physical blight that may be present . "
In other words , the purpose of the report was n't to objectively determine if blight conditions were present , it was to " focus " on a pre-ordained conclusion that benefitted Columbia .
And AKRF was hardly a neutral party .
Not only was the firm on Columbia 's payroll at that point , but at least six different AKRF employees were working on both the blight study and the redevelopment plan — a flagrant conflict of interests .
Indeed , as New York 's Appellate Division , First Department concluded in an earlier decision related to the Manhattanville expansion plan , AKRF served an " advocacy function for Columbia " and suffered an " inherent conflict in serving two masters . "
AKRF 's " impartial " study was even worse .
For starters , AKRF failed to mention that Columbia owned 76 percent of the property in the neighborhood and was therefore directly responsible for the overwhelming majority of blight conditions that it found .
Of the five buildings cited as being hazardous to the public , for example , four turned out to be under Columbia 's control .
Similarly , all seven buildings cited for hazardous garbage or debris are Columbia - owned and all 12 examples of vermin occurred in Columbia buildings .
Yet despite Columbia 's destructive and illegal behavior , the ESDC still plans to reward the university by seizing the last holdout properties on its behalf .
Equally disturbing is the fact that Columbia owns 17 of the 18 vacant buildings cited in the AKRF study .
As numerous tenants from those properties have now reported , Columbia refused to perform basic and necessary repairs , which both pushed tenants out and manufactured the ugly conditions that later advanced the university 's long - term agenda .
As Nick Sprayregen , one of the embattled property owners involved in the case , observed in a 2008 Wall Street Journal article , " Only a few years ago , this area was undergoing a resurgence .
Virtually all property was occupied , many by long - standing family operations such as my own .
Now most of those businesses are gone — forced out by the university . "
Indeed , AKRF openly acknowledged Columbia 's blight - making role in the preliminary findings it delivered to the ESDC , where the firm identified " Open violations in CU Buildings " and " History of CU repairs to properties " among its " issues of concern . "
To make matters worse , Columbia bullied local property owners with the threat of government abuse .
As Ramon Diaz , owner of the popular Manhattanville restaurant La Floridita , told student journalist Armin Rosen , " Columbia was using the threat of eminent domain before they even had it approved . "
According to Diaz , " When people were being difficult , they would always insinuate that they were going to get a lot less if [ the ESDC ] could exercise eminent domain . "
Thanks to those threats and to some aggressive land buying , Columbia now owns 76 percent of the neighborhood .
Combine that with the 15 percent of Manhattanville controlled by either New York City or by the Metropolitan Transit Authority , and Columbia effectively controls 91 percent .
That 's more than enough land to build a swanky new campus without the forcible government seizure of anybody 's private property .
In sum , a powerful state agency secretly colluded with a powerful private university in order to trample constitutional rights , violate the letter and spirit of the law , and force law - abiding tenants out of their homes and businesses in order to manufacture self - serving blight conditions that disfigured an otherwise livable and commercially viable neighborhood .
If there was ever a case where New York 's highest court should intervene against eminent domain abuse , this is it .
Damon W. Root is an associate editor at Reason magazine .
Bonus Reason.tv Video :
Watch the staff and patrons of Freddy 's Bar in Brooklyn discuss their fight against New York 's eminent domain abuse .
This post is serving as a heads - up for those people that do not read the Haskell mailing lists , as well as an overall summary / history .
Edit :
In the comments below , Edward Kmett points out that in some cases having a class where you know that the kind of the graphs is * -> * ->
* may be beneficial ( and demonstrated to me in #haskell that my counter - example does n’t quite work ) .
As such , I ’ve sent a new email discussing a possible alternative class layout to keep using these kinds of graphs which may make the upgrade process a little easier .
FGL in new hands
About six weeks ago , Martin Erwig announced that he was giving his Functional Graph Library ( aka FGL ) up for adoption .
Thomas Bereknyei and I volunteered to take over maintainership and have been working on it ever since .
It ’s FGL , but not as you know it
Thomas and I did n’t want to merely do bug - fixes however .
There were a few changes we wanted to make to the FGL API , the major points of which are :
Provide greater scope for customisation / optimisation of instances
Remove the restriction that graphs are of kind * -> * -> *
Allow instance writers to restrict the types of the node and edge labels Allow instance writers to choose a custom ( i.e. not just Int ) type for the node index type Remove the ( in our opinion ) over - usage of 3 - tuples and 4 - tuples and define explicit data types for Context , etc. ( with record functions ) to make it easier to deal with them without requiring explicit pattern matching , etc. Proper Eq , Show and Read instances for graphs .
Whilst doing all this , however , we ’ve also kept to the “ spirit ” of what makes FGL unique : the notion of inductive graphs .
As much as possible , where it makes sense we ’ve also kept the names and terminology of the current version to make the transition less seamless .
It ’s not that simple , however
Primarily because of reasons 2 – 4 above , the new version of FGL we ’re working on is not backwards compatible .
For starters , if we do n’t require kind * -> * ->
* then any code that is currently written using the old classes that required that wo n’t work .
However , even if we kept that restriction and just wanted the ability to restrict the label types , then we ’d have to have some way of making those label types part of the overall type class[es ] .
As such , we would need some extensions , and the two possible candidates are :
Now , MPTCs + fundeps have the advantage of being older , having more infrastructure built around them , etc . whereas there are still many limitations for Type Families ( the inability to have superclass constraints , no automatic deriving for types or aliases using Type Families , etc. ) .
However , we feel that code - wise , using Type Families result in much nicer and cleaner type signatures .
Let us consider a few examples : what does the instance definition of a graph like the one currently found in Data .
Graph .
Inductive .
Tree look like , and what would the type signature be for a function that takes a graph and returns a list of all of the edge labels ?
First of all if we defined with MPTCs + fundeps :
// Note the explicit double mention of the two label types here , // this is needed because if we want to remove the kind restrictions // on graphs , the first parameter must be the _entire_ graph type .
instance Graph ( Gr a b ) a b where ....
edgeLabels :: ( Graph g a b ) => g -> [ b ] edgeLabels = ....
Now with Type Families :
instance Graph ( Gr a b ) where type NodeLabel ( Gr a b ) = a type EdgeLabel ( Gr a b ) = b edgeLabels :: ( Graph g ) => g -> [ EdgeLabel g ] edgeLabels = ...
Now , whilst we need to explicitly double - up the two label types in the instance definition for the MPTC - based solution , this is n’t that bad since most users wo n’t see this .
However , it is n’t immediately obvious just from the type signature of edgeLabels what it actually does .
As for the Type Family solution , it is more verbose but arguably the types are easier to read .
Furthermore , why should the two label types be first - class members of the type definition ? “ g a b ” is n’t the graph type , just “ g ” on its own is .
The situation becomes a bit more tiresome when we consider the fourth improvement we wanted to make : the ability to specify a custom node index type .
We ’ll now use some graph type that has kind * -> * -> * ->
* where the first type parameter is the vertex type ( i.e. some generic graph type that people can use with any index type they wish , preferably by newtype - ing it ) .
With MPTCs + fundeps :
instance Graph ( Gr n a b ) n a b where ....
edgeLabels :: ( Graph g n a b ) => g -> [ b ] edgeLabels = ....
Now with Type Families :
instance Graph ( Gr n a b ) where type Node ( Gr n a b ) = n type NodeLabel ( Gr n a b ) = a type EdgeLabel ( Gr n a b ) = b edgeLabels :: ( Graph g ) => g -> [ EdgeLabel g ] edgeLabels = ...
Notice that the type signature for edgeLabels when using Type Family solution remains unchanged , and why should n’t it ?
We feel that with Type Families we can better express what a function does with a minimum of clutter / boiler - plate .
Now , you may feel that still , MPTCs are preferably if only because they ’re less experimental .
Either way , we would still need extensions and hence there would be API breakage .
What does that mean for us ?
At the moment , very little .
We plan to release a “ technology preview ” release of the new version of FGL within the next few weeks ( i.e. whenever we get around to cleaning our current code up and adding documentation ) .
However , we do n’t expect ( and in fact highly discourage ) anyone using the new version when we do so : we plan on releasing these solely to obtain comments and opinions from the community .
We realise that FGL is a respected and honoured member of the Haskell library community , and do n’t want to make drastic changes without obtaining the community ’s input on what would be the best way to proceed .
But there is one thing that should be done by anyone who maintains Haskell software that uses FGL : Restrict the upper bound of the Haskell version used ( either by explicitly using fgl == 5.4.2.2 or in case you think we ’ll release a bug - fix version then either fgl == 5.4. * or fgl >= 5.4.2.2 && < 5.5 if your code uses Data . Graph.Inductive.PatriciaTree ) .
This is something you should be doing anyway as FGL follows ( or at least will be following from now on if it has n’t been doing so fully up until now ) the Package Versioning Policy and as such , you should specify the version bounds to those that you know contain the API that you need .
The naming controversy
When I stated on the Haskell mailing lists that people should ensure they have proper upper bounds on the version of FGL their packages use , some people stated their opinion that we should not in fact be changing the API of FGL and if we wish to do so then we should fork it and give it a new name .
Now , I ’m not going to repeat all of my arguments again ( not forgetting this one ) here .
However , this entire issue has sparked off a discussion on when large - scale API breakage in a major library is appropriate ; this resulted in this wiki - page which uses the case of FGL to try and determine guidelines on when this would be appropriate .
Now , if it ’s the overall community ’s opinion that it should be renamed , we of course will .
However , to truly solve this problem we would also need to think of new module names as well , and I for one ca n’t really think of anything more appropriate than what FGL currently uses of Data .
Graph .
Inductive :s .
What is the bottom line ?
The “ tl ; dr ” version of this is that we ’re working on a new version / successor to FGL ; we plan to add lots of cool features at the expense of requiring some extensions ; you should check the dependencies of any software you have that depends upon FGL now ( since it ’s good practice to do so anyway ) and that there ’s controversy over whether or not we should re-write the API and still call it FGL .
Image caption Duffy burned a portion of his photographs in 1979
Brian Duffy , one of the photographers whose images helped to capture the spirit of the 1960s , has died .
He was 76 and had been suffering from lung disease .
Known to friends and colleagues by his surname alone , Duffy was a rival of David Bailey and Terence Donovan throughout the 1960s .
Film producer Lord Puttnam said Duffy helped push the stultifying conservatism of the 1950s into permanent retreat .
Duffy is also famed for once burning part of his work in a bin in 1979 .
At art school , Duffy studied dress design because he said " there were a lot of good - looking girls doing it " before moving into photography .
He was one of the few photographers to shoot two Pirelli calendars and was famously bad - tempered .
David Bailey said he would have no - one to argue with now .
He said : " If you said ' It 's a nice day ' to Duffy , he 'd pick an argument with you . "
Duffy , Bailey and Donovan were dubbed the Black Trinity and the Terrible Trio .
The BBC's Andy Moore said all three were working - class East Enders , different to the " gentleman photographers " of the previous era .
They became as well - known as the models and film stars they worked with .
' Visual brilliance '
Molly Parkin , former fashion editor of Nova , Harpers and the Sunday Times , worked with Duffy on several occasions and first met him when they were both students .
Image caption Duffy shot three album covers for David Bowie including this one for the Aladdin Sane album .
In pictures : The work of Duffy
" He was so erudite , witty and caustic , " she said .
" I found him very intimidating when I was young , but not when I was older .
" I next met him when he came to photograph me and my two daughters .
He was quite caustic about my wardrobe , which nobody had had the temerity to question before .
" I was a painter and he said he had great admiration for those who painted - he described himself as a failed painter . "
Ms Parkin says she recognised Duffy 's " visual brilliance " and that he was " the most interesting " of the trio he made up with Bailey and Donovan .
" He will be sorely , sorely missed and was much too young to die .
He epitomised the 60s - where do you see those quality of photographs nowadays ?
" I saw him in his later years and he was a very sensitive man , something he had masked in the 60s . "
An Essay On The Principle Of Population in 1798 and the ( final ) sixth edition in 1826 .
Malthusians include The Population Bomb ( 1968 ) and The Population Explosion ( 1990 ) and predicted widespread famines by the year 2000 .
A contemporary Malthusian is The Malthusians get their name from Reverend Thomas Robert Malthus , who wrote the first edition ofin 1798 and the ( final ) sixth edition in 1826 .
Malthusians include Paul R. Ehrlich who wrote ( 1968 ) and ( 1990 ) and predicted widespread famines by the year 2000 .
A contemporary Malthusian is Professor Albert Bartlett who has lectured on population doubling over 1500 times and declares the human inability to understand the exponential function as our greatest failing .
Cornucopians get their name from ancient Greek mythology in reference to the horn of plenty or cornucopia .
Another name for the Cornucopians is anti-Malthusians .
Their most famous proponent , and nemesis of Paul R. Ehrlich , was economist Julian Simon .
A contemporary Cornucopian is Ronald Bailey of Reason magazine .
The Malthusian argument goes like this .
Population grows exponentially and so will inevitably outstrip any resource base , leading to mass famine .
The Malthusian use of the concept of exponential growth is nearly always a constant rate of growth from which we derive - via the Rule Of 70 - the population doubling period .
Hence , a growth rate of 1 % results in a doubling period of 70 years whereas a growth rate of 2 % results in a doubling period of 35 years .
It sounds simple enough , so what 's the problem ?
The problem is that no population grows at a constant rate and hence it is claimed that no population grows exponentially .
This the Cornucopians point out with glee , thus concluding that the Malthusians are wrong and that we have nothing to worry about .
After all , it is claimed , humans are infinitely inventive and the more people we have then the more potential there is for human inventiveness .
Technology , fuelled by human inventiveness , will surely find a way to feed humanity forever ( or at least for the next several million years ) .
So runs the Cornucopian argument .
So who is right ?
Should we worry about population growth , overpopulation and limits to growth
Well , the Cornucopians are right to point out that populations do not grow via constant rate exponential growth .
They never have , and they never will .
However , given that populations grow via variable rates of growth , the question is whether or not such growth is comparable in power to constant rate exponential growth .
yes , variable rate population growth is comparable to constant rate exponential growth .
This is clearly illustrated in my article
The answer is that ... , variable rate population growth is comparable to constant rate exponential growth .
This is clearly illustrated in my article The Scales of 70 and then proven in detail in the accompanying article The Scales Of e
A classic example is the population doubling of our global population of 3 billion in 1960 to 6 billion in 1999 .
That 's just 39 years , and did n't require any constant rate of exponential growth .
Interestingly enough , the growth rates were roughly between 1 % and 2 % for those 39 years .
Remember , classic exponential growth at a constant rate can be roughly modelled using the Rule of 70 , which would have predicted doubling periods of 70 years for a 1 % growth rate and 35 years for a 2 % growth rate .
So the actual population doubling period of 39 years is nicely bracketed by the predicted exponential growth doubling periods of 70 and 35 years .
Hence although the Malthusians are presented a flawed version of their argument they are essentially right .
Variable rate population growth can outstrip any resource base in time frames that are exactly comparable to constant rate exponential growth .
Thanks for reading ,
David
The arguments around overpopulation and sustainable living tend to fall into two camps - the Malthusians and the Cornucopians .
Each camp is sure it is right , and derides the other .
The problem is that the arguments ofcamps are flawed , and thus we are no clearer in understanding this very important topic .
Labels : Anti-Malthusian , Cornucopia , Cornucopian , Malthusian , Overpopulation
Jan 15th , 2019
Are you planning to take a plunge into the online casino space and think it is effervescent in comparison to the traditional flamboyant brick and mortar casinos ?
Then you should think again .
Online casinos are picking up like file fire for a decade now .
The precision of their artificial intelligence algorithms is comparable to that ofthe best - known casinos in the world .
The cherry on top is the choices and various mouth - watering bonuses offered online to encourage new players to sign up .
It may sound too good to be true .
It is true !
This is possible because they can afford to offer attractive bonuses owing to the cost savings , by eliminating investment on heavy brick and mortar constructions and ornamentation .
For instance , check out a quick summary of new casinos and just soak in the reality .
Today , there are several types of casino bonuses available online to choose from .
These are designed to help players indulge in various casino wagers depending on their skill , budget , patronage , mode of payment and risk temperament .
Some of the juiciest bonuses offered by online casinos today help you stay profitable .
Check them out .
Matching Deposit To A Bonus
Bonus amount is matched to the amount deposited by the player .
This amount is capped to a ‘ maximum limit ’ .
For example , if the ‘ maximum limit bonus ’ is fixed at $ 500 , and a player wishes to sign up and deposit $ 400 to start , 100 % of the value is matched .
Which means he will receive $ 400 as a bonus .
Now he can play to a limit of $ 800 .
However , if he wishes to deposit $ 800 he will receive the restricted maximum limit amount of $ 500 as a bonus and he will now be able to play with $ 1300 from his account .
Fixed Sum Bonus
Lower limit or budget conscious players will get a fixed sum as a bonus .
The amount is set irrespective of the high value .
However , there is a low limit set .
For example , if the fixed limit is set to $ 100 , the ‘ low limit ’ may be set to $ 80 .
So , anyone depositing $ 80 and beyond will receive $ 100 as a bonus .
This means anyone depositing below $ 80 is not eligible for this bonus .
On the flip side , anyone depositing a lump sum of $ 1000 will also receive a bonus of $ 100 .
This method is not lucrative for people playing with high stakes .
No Bonus Deposit With No Strings Attached
This type of bonus is low - risk , and handed out to casual risk - averse players .
The amount will be a small sum for sign up which can be retrieved after a few play shots .
This value can not be cashed .
It is given in points to encourage the player to warm up .
For example :
The point value of the no deposit bonus is set to 20 points , $ 1 per point .
A new player who would like to try before depositing a big sum can sign up for for the ‘ no deposit ’bonus .
He will be eligible to play with his conservative bidding along with the value set in the points awarded ( $ 20 in this scenario ) .
Special loyalty bonus for frequent visitors
Once it ’s established that you are a frequent visitor , you get bonus points every time you log in to wager .
This value is calculated as a percentage on the basis of your : [ frequency X wager amount lost or gained ] .
The stakes are usually high and the bonus offered is higher in value in order to keep the VIP happy and visiting .
Some online casinos offer fixed monthly or reload bonuses for their frequent VIP customers .
Referral Bonus - Several casinos offer a bonus for referrals .
You earn bonus points for every sign up through your referral .
A neat way to add value to your bankroll .
Payment Method Bonus
Some casinos hand out an extra 10 - 15 % to your bonus for choosing the prescribed preferred method of payment .
Example : 10 % bonus of your deposit value is matched over and above the bonus offered for choosing a particular bank .
Very attractive !
Great way to add a little extra to your bankroll .
There ’s a Caveat
One may think that it is easy to sign up and take the bonus points home without wagering .
Casinos have been around for centuries and have metamorphosed to be resilient to any kind of withdrawal without wagers .
Bonuses can be taken home only after a certain number of wagers or prescribed minimum cash amount played with .
These wagering requirements are based on an AI algorithm which calculates the number of wagers required to cover the handed - out bonus plus a small percentage as an operating cost .
It is also restricted with an expired date .
Do The Freebies Come At The Cost of Security ?
Unlike today , a decade ago the tools for security and transparency were not well developed and in place .
It was easy for anyone to have players sign up for a bonus and disappear without a trace .
This is not viable today .
With the competition and need for consumer protection from various online casinos popping up ; monitoring transactions , background checks , and transparency have become paramount .
So , enjoy your bonuses .
Parting Thoughts
It is always wise to read the fine print before signing up to ensure you do n’t land up in a situation where your money is converted to points that can not be taken home .
In short , you must not fall into a ‘ Hamster ’s Wheel ’ where you have to keep gambling and cannot enjoy your wins .
If the terms are unclear it is a good idea to talk to their customer support engineer for clarifications before you sign up .
Before we can discuss alternative medicine and understand and decide if it is the better for us or not , for example if reiki is right for us , we must understand why these health problems exist .
And understand which are the things to terminate in our life .
After that we can decide .
We need to analyze the reasons for which people become ill .
Your Health , Energy & Balance
The main reason why people get sick at some point , is nothing but an energy that has lost its balance , or its normal operation .
All this , if Ki act in the correct size and positive , people may live peacefully and in a context very different from now .
The negative aspect that determines the change in health , or its generic state , is the power of the mind that constantly influence the process .
It ’s clear that such power could result in a positive and constructive process , giving people only health and wellness .
Ki directed by the mind , is responsible for good or bad state of health personnel .
Ki Energy
On the positive side , strengthens the balance , and tone all the organs of our body , keeping them healthy , but the alert is the subconscious mind which can lead to the negative development of Ki , so harmful and dangerous to personal well - being .
This aspect of Ki energy , will grow around the organs , aura and chakras , slowing down the functions until the disease .
Those who may perceive such negative energies , see the form of black spots that are gathering in major points of vortices of energy .
Many do not know that these spots are not only energy issues that cause crashes or malfunctions , but they are real clusters of spiritual entities , which nest at this point to even cause death , an official - looking spiritual , and then by behavior of each of us .
So if this aspect is mainly energy and spiritual , I will get away because its elementary charge efficiency can be easily eliminated .
If this factor is spiritual , reiki is not taking you and hope to change course , quickly , to avoid a problem perhaps more defined and manageable .
Then we can speak of subtle energies , and their behavior when there is this energy failure , but dear friends , believe that the primary aspect is always in the way we live , think and act always in the proper order , giving our life , our love , our love … and so on .
Only then can we be protected .
​A Fort Worth , Texas police officer has been caught smoking marijuana while wearing his badge and uniform in his patrol car .
According to the Fort Worth Police Department , 24 - year - old Wesley Lamb is being charged in connection with the incident , reports KDFW
Lamb is facing a misdemeanor marijuana possession charge , and a felony charge for “ tampering with evidence . ”
Dude apparently tried to get rid of the joint when he realized the gig was up .
A “ tip ” two days ago led fellow police officers to Lamb , who was spotted getting high in his cop cruiser , according to the department .
Lamb turned in his badge over the incident .
Image caption Jack Abramoff leaves court after his guilty plea in January 2006 .
Former US lobbyist Jack Abramoff , who was jailed on corruption charges in 2006 , has landed a job in a kosher pizza restaurant .
Mr Abramoff was released into a halfway house in Baltimore two weeks ago after serving more than three years for fraud , corruption and conspiracy .
The halfway house arranged Mr Abramoff 's new job .
The owner of the restaurant said he had hired halfway house residents before .
Mr Abramoff 's crimes include a fraudulent deal to buy casino boats and conspiring to bribe public officials .
As a millionaire and lobbyist , his network reached deep into Washington 's political establishment , and his investigation sent shockwaves through the city .
It also sparked off a wide - ranging public corruption probe .
As part of his plea deal , Mr Abramoff provided information to the Justice Department that helped convict a member of Congress for taking bribes .
A former Deputy Secretary of the Interior appointed by President George W Bush - J Steven Griles - was the highest level administration official convicted .
Mr Abramoff is expected to be released from the halfway house in December .
Video : Model butterfly
Just like the real thing ( Image : OpenCage / Flickr )
For the first time , engineers have created a model that flies just like a real butterfly .
Powered only by an elastic band , it flits up and down and flaps its wings languidly – just like the swallowtail butterfly it was modelled on .
The band powers a mechanical crank that drives the wing motion .
“ To our knowledge , our model is the first free - flying replica that has the same basic dimensions , mass and shape as a real insect , ” says Hiroto Tanaka of Harvard University ’s microrobotics lab , who designed the model with Isao Shimoyama of the University of Tokyo , Japan .
Advertisement
“ We achieved the same mass , same flapping frequency and the same wing shape and stiffness as a real swallowtail , and found that realistic flight happens passively , by default , ” says Tanaka .
The researchers say their objective is simply to study the flight mechanisms of butterflies in more detail .
For instance , they discovered that mimicking the veins of the real butterfly gave the artificial version more lift than un-veined wings .
Spoilsports
But the pair are n’t planning to mass - produce the butterflies as toys .
“ It ’s a one - off creation , ” says Tanaka .
Nor have they given it an exotic name .
“ In our previous presentations at conferences , we called it a butterfly - type ornithopter , or BTO , ” he says .
The team claim it ’s the first flying replica insect which matches the real thing in size and weight , though other flying robotic insects have been created .
In 2008 , the Harvard lab produced a robotic fly , and other researchers have also created tiny hovering robots based on insects since then .
Other teams are developing insects for exploring hazardous environments and even other planets .
Journal reference : Bioinspiration & Biomimetics , DOI : 10.1088/1748-3182/5/2/026003
For the past two years , high schools in the town of Enfield , Conn . have preferred the indoor comforts of a church for their graduation ceremonies .
But lawyers are now moving to stop the practice after it left some students feeling increasingly out in the cold .
A federal suit filed in May alleged that the public schools had violated the U.S. Constitution , which restricts government entities such as public schools from endorsing a particular religion , the latest flash point in a growing national debate on whether graduations ...
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Drivers ' use of moveable wings will be reformed for 2011 , after today 's FIA World Motor Sport Council agreed a new regulation to improve overtaking next season .
Formula 1 is set to introduce an adjustable rear wing next season , in place of the current adjustable front wing and F - duct , and any device in 2011 will only be able to be activated to assist overtaking .
The bodywork will not be allowed to be moved during the first two laps of a race , and thereafter only when a driver is less than one second behind the car in front .
A statement from the World Motor Sport Council said : " From 2011 , adjustable bodywork may be activated by the driver at any time prior to the start of the race and , for the sole purpose of improving overtaking opportunities during the race , after the driver has completed two laps .
" The driver may only activate the adjustable bodywork in the race when he has been notified via the control electronics that it is enabled .
It will only be enabled if the driver is less than one second behind another at any of the pre-determined positions around each circuit .
The system will be disabled the first time the driver uses the brakes after the system has been activated .
" The FIA may , after consulting all the competitors , adjust the time proximity in order to ensure the purpose of the adjustable bodywork is met . "
The FIA also announced that F - ducts will be banned for 2011 .
" With the exception of the parts necessary for the driver adjustable bodywork , any car system , device or procedure which uses driver movement as a means of altering the aerodynamic characteristics of the car is prohibited from 2011 , " the statement said .
The safety car rules have also been tweaked with immediate effect to confirm that drivers cannot overtake if the safety car enters the pit lane at the end of the final lap of a race , in reaction to Michael Schumacher 's move on Fernando Alonso at Monaco .
This is a series of photographs taken of alcoholic beverages under a microscope .
This is tequila , but there are several more of my favorites after the jump .
Now I do n't know about you , but I 'd drink every single one of them .
And eat the microscope slides .
This one tastes like my mouth is bleeding !
" What you can see in the magnified pictures are the crystalised carbohydrates that have become sugars and glucose , " explained Lester Hutt , 35 , the founder of Bevshots .
" Each image was created by using a pipette of each particular drink and squeezing a drop onto a slide .
Then the droplets are allowed to dry out and the slide is placed under the microscope and a picture taken . "
It can take up to four weeks for the alcohol to dry out completely in an airtight container , and the whole process can take up to three months .
God , all this talk about alcohol has really got me craving a drink .
Which is exactly why I started boozing when I woke up because I knew something like this was gonna happen .
Consider it a vision of the future .
Or raging alcoholism , same difference .
You say potato , I say potato vodka .
Hit the jump for several more of my favorites , as well as the link to even more .
White Russian :
Margarita :
Pina Colada :
Whiskey :
Vodka :
Pictures of alcoholic drinks under a microscope reveal the molecules that make up our favourite tipples [ telegraph ] ( with a bunch more )
Thanks to foo , who Mr. T pities because he does n't have any mohawk grenades .
Hi Everyone !
All of us on the DCUO team are extremely excited to provide the PlayStation .
Blog community with the world premier of the DC Universe Online official E3 trailer .
The team has been hard at work gearing up for E3 , and as you ’ll see in this trailer composed entirely of actually game play footage .
The moment you step into the world of DC Universe Online , you will experience high paced action and physics unlike anything ever seen before , and this trailer is just a taste of what lies ahead for you !
Our goal at Sony Online Entertainment in Austin is to combine a fast paced action combat experience that console gamers expect with a huge online world supporting thousands of players .
Our saying around the office is “ Prove Thru Play , ” and we ca n’t wait to get people in front of the game at E3 this week to take it for a test drive and experience for themselves exactly what we mean .
This trailer also shows the tremendous influence Jim Lee has brought to the table working as the Executive Creative Director on this title – his edgy take on the DC Universe has been transformed from the traditional 2D comic book medium into an immersive 3D interactive environment where you become the next legend !
Between now and our release in November , stay tuned for tons of exciting releases from the team – we can’t wait to show you what is up our sleeves !
( CNN ) --
Sing in the shower , not in public .
That 's the message to anyone visiting one South Carolina beach community .
The town of Sullivan 's Island has proposed an ordinance that would make it illegal to belt out show tunes , pop songs , or any musical notes , for that matter , if they disturb the peace .
" I have n't had one islander complain about it , " said Andy Benke , the town administrator .
" There are places where you can go and be loud and vociferous .
Sullivan 's Island is not one of them . "
" We want you to have a good time but in the same sense we want you to act respectful and if you do n't we have a tool to deal with it , " Benke added .
That tool would be a ticket from a police officer for a maximum fine of $ 500 .
And the ban is n't just for singing .
The measure reads as follows :
" It shall be unlawful for any person to yell , shout , hoot , whistle , or sing on the public streets , particularly between the hours of 11:00 p.m. and 7:00 a.m. or at any time or place so as to annoy or disturb the comfort , or repose of persons in any office , or in any dwelling , or other type of residence , or of any persons in the vicinity . "
The town , which is on a barrier island just north of Charleston Harbor , has a population of about 2,000 but swells to around 5,000 during summer weekends , Benke said .
He called it " first and foremost a single residential community .
" There are a lot of visitors to the beach 24 hours a day , " he said , " and we just need a way to maintain the quiet family atmosphere . "
The town council has already voted two times for the ordinance and after a third vote in July , it is expected to be put into effect in August , Benke said .
He said the welcome mat is always open for people to enjoy the town but made it clear loud , disruptive noises , including public singing during quiet hours , will not be tolerated .
" There are probably six or seven little restaurants in the town that stay open until 2 a.m. , " he said .
" People are leaving , ( having ) had a good time all night .
Maybe they do n't know they are being loud and think it 's okay .
But it 's not . "
Here are the key points of Chancellor George Osborne 's first Budget , delivered on 22 June , 2010 :
TAX
VAT : Rate will rise from 17.5 % to 20 % from January 4 , 2011 .
Personal income tax allowance :
To be increased by £ 1,000 in April to £ 7,475 - worth £ 170 a year to basic rate taxpayers .
It is expected that 880,000 of the lowest - paid will be taken out of income tax altogether .
Council tax : Could be frozen for one year from April 2011 in England , but extra funds will only be offered to councils which keep their own costs down .
Worth about £ 35 per household .
Capital Gains Tax :
To rise from 18 % to 28 % from midnight for higher rate taxpayers .
The " entrepreneurs relief " rate of 10 % on the first £ 2 m of gains will be extended to the first £ 5 m .
A 50 p a month " landline tax " to fund the rollout of fast broadband will be scrapped - instead the government will support private investment , partly funded by the digital switchover under - spend within the TV licence fee .
The balance of spending cuts to tax rises would be 77 % to 23 % .
WATCH : Chancellor announces changes to capital gains
WATCH : House in uproar over VAT rise
WATCH : Government raises income tax threshold
CIGARETTES , ALCOHOL AND FUEL
No increases this time round .
Labour 's plan to increase the duty on cider by 10 % above inflation will be scrapped from July .
BENEFITS
Child benefit : Frozen for the next three years .
Tax credits : Reduced for families earning over £ 40,000 next year .
But low income families will get more Child Tax Credit - the amount per child will rise by £ 150 above the rate of inflation next year - at an annual cost of £ 2bn .
Housing benefit : New maximum limit of £ 400 a week for properties with more than three bedrooms , £ 250 a week for a one - bedroom flat , £ 290 for a two - bedroom property and £ 340 for a three - bed property , to save £ 1.8 bn a year by the end of the Parliament .
Unemployed people will see their Housing Benefit cut by 10 % , after 12 months of claiming Jobseekers Allowance from April 2013 .
It will also be cut for people of working age who are in larger homes than their family size warrants but , from April 2011 , disabled claimants who do not have a resident carer will be able to claim for an extra bedroom .
Health in pregnancy grant to be abolished from April 2011 , the Sure Start maternity grant will be restricted to the first child .
Lone parents will be expected to look for work when their youngest child goes to school .
Excluding the state pension and pension credit , from 2011 benefits , tax credits and public service pensions will rise in line with the Consumer Price Index , rather than the , generally higher , Retail Price Index , saving over £ 6 billion a year by the end of the Parliament .
The government will introduce a medical assessment for Disability Living Allowance from 2013 for new and existing claimants .
The welfare shake - up will save £ 11bn by 2014 / 15 .
PUBLIC SECTOR PAY
Public sector workers face a two - year pay freeze if they earn over £ 21,000 .
Those earning less £ 21,000 will get a flat pay - rise worth £ 250 in both years .
Armed services personnel in Afghanistan will see their operational allowance doubled to £ 4,800 - as announced by David Cameron two weeks ago .
WATCH : Public sector pay frozen
PENSIONS
The basic state pension will be linked to earnings from April 2011 , with the pension guaranteed to rise in line with earnings , prices or 2.5 % , whichever is the greater .
The government will accelerate the increase in state pension age to 66 - a " call for evidence " will be made later this week .
The government will also consult on phasing out the default retirement age - to ensure those who want to work past 65 are able to do so .
Former Labour Work and Pensions Secretary John Hutton to review public sector pensions , ahead of the autumn spending review .
BUSINESS
From April 2011 , the threshold at which employers start to pay National Insurance will rise by the rate of inflation plus £ 21 per week .
Corporation
Tax will be cut next year to 27 % , and by 1 % annually for the next three years , until it reaches 24 % .
The small companies ' tax rate will be cut to 20 % .
Tax relief for the video games industry will be scrapped .
WATCH : Chancellor George Osborne cuts corporation tax
BANKS
A bank levy will be introduced , which will apply to the balance sheets of UK banks and building societies and the UK operations of foreign banks from January 2011 .
But smaller banks will not have to pay .
It is expected to raise over £ 2bn a year .
WATCH : Chancellor announces bank levy in Budget
ENVIRONMENT
The government will " explore changes to the aviation tax system " such as switching from a per-passenger to a per-plane levy .
It will consult on major changes .
Government looking at reforming the climate change levy " to provide more certainty and support to the carbon price " .
Proposals to be published in the autumn .
The Office for Budget Responsibility will assess the effect of oil price fluctuations on the public finances over the summer , before the government looks at options for a " fair fuel stabiliser " - which would see fuel duty fall when prices go up , and vice versa .
Case for rural fuel duty discount is under consideration .
REGIONS
White Paper to be published on tackling regional economic differences in Britain later in the summer , followed by a paper on rebalancing the economy of Northern Ireland .
The upgrade of the Tyne and Wear Metro , extension of the Manchester Metrolink , redevelopment of Birmingham New Street station and improvements to the rail lines to Sheffield and between Liverpool and Leeds will go ahead .
A Regional Growth Fund will be created to help fund regional capital projects over two years .
People setting up new businesses outside London , the South East and the east of England will be exempt from £ 5,000 of National Insurance payments for the first 10 workers .
UK ECONOMY
Growth forecast revised down from 2.6 % to 2.3 % in 2011 .
The economy is predicted to grow by 1.2 % this year , 2.3 % next year , 2.8 % in 2012 , 2.9 % in 2013 and 2.7 % in both 2014 and in 2015 .
Debt to peak in 2013 / 14 at 70 % of GDP .
Unemployment is forecast to peak this year at 8.1 % and then fall for each of the next four years , to reach 6.1 % in 2015 .
Consumer price inflation is expected to reach 2.7 % by the end of 2010 before " returning to target in the medium term " .
The inflation target remains at 2 % , as measured by the Consumer Prices Index .
The UK is set to miss the previous government 's " golden rule " - of borrowing only to invest over the economic cycle - in the current cycle by £ 485bn .
WATCH : Cuts and taxes will ' balance books ' by 2016
BORROWING
Underlying current budget deficit should be " in balance " by 2015 / 16 .
Public sector net borrowing will be £ 149bn this year , £ 116bn next year , £ 89bn in 2012 - 13 and £ 60bn in 2013 - 14 .
By 2014 - 15 borrowing to reach £ 37bn , falling to £ 20bn in 2015 - 16 .
SPENDING
Mr Osborne said the state now accounted for " almost half " of all national income which was " completely unsustainable " .
Average real terms budget cuts of 25 % over four years - except for health and international aid .
Departmental cuts amount to a further £ 17bn by 2014 - 15 , on top of those already planned .
But current expenditure to rise from £ 637bn in 2010 - 11 to £ 711bn in 2015 - 16 - partly due to rising debt interest payments .
No further reductions in capital spending totals but there will be " careful choices " about how the money was spent .
Projects with " a significant economic return to the country " would be prioritised .
The iPhone Dev-Team is back !
They have just released a test version of redsn0w 0.9.5 ( Mac only for now ) to jailbreak the latest iPhone OS 4 Beta .
This release is targeted towards developers only to help them upgrade their existing app on Cydia for this upcoming latest firmware .
Note :
This release WILL NOT help you hacktivate or unlock your phone .
You ’ll need a registered UDID with Apple to get past the activation process .
Therefore , DO NOT update to iPhone OS 4 Beta if you rely on an unlock , as upgrading will upgrade your baseband which will leave you locked .
The following step by step guide will help you jailbreak your iPhone 3G ONLY ( for now ) on iPhone OS 4 Beta .
Step 1 : Download iPhone OS 4 Beta for iPhone 3G .
Step 2 : Update to this latest firmware file : iPhone1,2_4.0_8A230m_Restore.ipsw
Step 3 : Start redsn0w 0.9.5 and point it to the original iPhone OS 4 Beta firmware for iPhone 3G to proceed .
Step 4 : Now select “ Install Cydia ” and click “ Next ” .
Step 5 : Now make sure your device is both OFF and PLUGGED IN to the computer before you click “ Next ” .
Step 6 : Connect your device in recovery mode by pressing the Power and buttons continuously .
At this stage you will be presented with a screen where you will have to quickly hold “ Power ” button and then while holding the “ Power ” button , you will now have to hold “ Home ” button too .
Now after few seconds release “ Power ” button but keep holding “ Home ” button until installation begins .
Step 7 : Sit back and enjoy while redsn0w will do all the rest for you .
Once done , your iPhone 3G will restart automatically and you will find it jailbroken with iPhone firmware version 4.0 .
You will now notice that Cydia has a blank white icon .
You ’ll also notice that Cydia has no sources .
Go to the Sources panel and add http://apt.saurik.com/cydia-3.7 repo .
Now restart your phone and you should see the regular standard Cydia logo now .
How - to Enable Multitasking :
Once done , you can now enable multitasking on iPhone 3G , OS 4 by simply editing a N82AP .
plist file as mentioned here .
Open the said . plist file and change the multitasking key to = TRUE .
If the is not there , add it and you ’ll be done .
How - to Enable Wallpapers :
You can now enable support for Wallpapers on iPhone 3G and iPod touch 2G on OS 4 by following the step by step guide posted here .
For iPhone 3.1.3 firmware , you can follow our complete jailbreaking guide for iPhone 2G , 3G , 3GS and iPod touch 1G / 2G using redsn0w 0.9.3 , redsn0w 0.9.4 , sn0wbreeze , PwnageTool 3.1.5 .
Unlocking can be done using ultrasn0w or blacksn0w .
For iPhone 3.1.2 firmware , you can use blackra1n , PwnageTool , redsn0w , sn0wbreeze , ultrasn0w and blacksn0w to jailbreak and unlock your iPhone and iPod touch .
Disclaimer :
This guide is for testing & educational purposes only .
I ’m not responsible for any loss of important data or malfunctioning of your iPhone .
Download iTunes 9.1 for Windows and Mac
Download the Original iPhone OS 4 Beta for iPhone 3G
Download redsn0w 0.9.5 for Mac [ Fast Mirror link ]
UPDATE 1 : iPhone 3G with 05.08 Bootloader can be unlocked using ultrasn0w if the baseband is downgraded to 04.26.08 from 05.13.03 using Fuzzyband .
Step by step guide can be found here .
UPDATE 2 : Redsn0w 0.9.5b2 Brings SMS and Data Issues Fix for iPhone OS 4 Beta Jailbreak .
Download it from here .
UPDATE 3 : Apple has just released Beta 2 of iPhone OS 4 . Download iPhone OS 4.0 Beta 2 from here .
UPDATE 4 : This guide is valid for iOS 4 final release , on iPhone 3G ( any baseband ) and iPod touch 2G using Redsn0w 0.9.5b5 - 2 . Download Redsn0w 0.9.5b5 - 2 for Windows and Mac to jailbreak iPhone 3G and iPod touch 2G .
You can unlock it ( including 05.13.04 and 05.12.01 basebands ) using Ultrasn0w 0.93 guide posted here .
You may also like to check out :
[ Thanks Sandip for the hat tip ! ]
You can follow me on twitter or join our facebook fanpage to keep yourself updated on all the latest iPhone jailbreaking and unlocking releases .
Related Stories
" Will You Shut Up , Man ? " Enamel Pin ( Pre-Order )
BISHKEK , Kyrgyzstan — Kyrgyzstan ’s shaky provisional government is banking that a constitutional referendum this Sunday will provide it the legitimacy and support that it desperately needs , but many observers are anxious that the vote will simply hasten the country ’s downward political spiral .
One week after anti-Uzbek riots in the southern cities of Osh and Jalal Abad left possibly thousands dead and even more homeless , the government of President Roza Otunbayeva is struggling to demonstrate that it actually has a grip on the country .
The interim leaders , who came to power in a blood - splattered uprising in April , are hoping that a successful referendum will be a demonstrative show of strength .
Since the new constitution also creates a more muscular parliament , they also believe that prospect of increased political participation and authority will entice Kyrgyzstan ’s fractious ruling class to invest themselves in the new system .
But Kyrgyzstan is increasingly looking like a country in name only .
Political scientists use a term “ failed state ” when a government is incapable of providing basic services and protections to its population .
Kyrgyzstan has not reached this stage yet , but there were moments this past week when it looked a real possibility .
Otunbayeva ’s government wears its divisions on its sleeve , and is at times dangerously indecisive — even paralyzed .
The violence in the south raged for three days before any action was taken .
Paradoxically , for some the decision to go ahead with the referendum is a refreshing sign of coordination .
But the plan could go seriously awry .
The constitution could fail to pass , or the government could fail to reach even the minimum threshold it needs for the poll to be legitimate .
With hundred of thousands of Kyrgyz and Uzbeks having fled the fighting , it could be said that many voters have other things on their minds .
“ It ’s clear that it ’s a grave mistake to go ahead with the referendum , ” said Edil Baisalov , who was Otunbayeva ’s chief of staff but recently left the government .
“ Osh and Jalal Abad are on fire , and it ’s as if the rest of the country is saying , ‘ Go to hell and live with our decision . ’ ”
“ It is morally wrong and politically a miscalculation , ” he added .
Kyrgyzstan ’s potential disintegration is raising alarms among observers in the West .
Again , the scenario is not yet a given , but the possibility is real , and the repercussions could be wide - reaching .
Kyrgyzstan with 5.5 million inhabitants is a small nation that has a big impact .
It hosts a major transport hub for supplying United States troops in Afghanistan ( as well as a smaller Russian airbase ) .
It could also become , as Paul Quinn - Judge of the International Crisis Group ( ICG ) pointed out in a recent op - ed , a conduit for two dangerous exports from Afghanistan : narcotics and religious extremists .
Eric McGlinchey , an expert on the region at George Mason University in Washington , D.C. , is one of many who feels Western officials are not sufficiently concerned with the country ’s plummet .
“ If the international community is indeed committed to the Kyrgyz state , then it must step up and provide , at least in the short run , the security and muscle necessary for the Kyrgyz state to get back up and on its feet , ” he wrote in an email exchange .
“ To simply continue recognizing Kyrgyz sovereignty , while allowing Kyrgyzstan 's absolute power vacuum to persist , is ethically untenable . ”
Meanwhile the south continues to smolder , like red - hot coals after a major fire .
Clashes between ethnic Uzbeks and security forces Monday in the south underlined the continuing volatility there .
Officials on Sunday dismantled barricades that the Uzbeks had erected to protect themselves .
The clean - up proceeded without any incidents for the most part , opening up streets to traffic and allowing humanitarian aid to enter the ethnic Uzbek neighborhoods .
But when police entered the village of Nariman on the Kyrgyzstan - Uzbekistan border on Monday morning , agencies reported , it produced an altercation that left two dead and more than 20 injured .
Police said they came under fire as they entered the village to search for illegal weapons and information about the killing of a top law enforcement official .
Residents dispute this version , however , and say that the forces beat and fired shots as they moved from house to house .
Uzbeks are deeply hostile to the police .
They say that government forces were incapable — or unwilling — to protect them during the rioting .
( Uzbeks make up 15 percent of Kyrgyzstan ’s total population , but in the south their numbers are much higher .
In Osh , the country ’s second largest city , the ration of ethnic Kyrgyz to Uzbek is nearly even . )
Numerous witnesses claim that government forces aided the Kyrgyz mobs and fired on mostly unarmed Uzbeks .
Others say that they simply stood to the side while the marauders did their grim business .
Kyrgyz authorities last week arrested Azimzhan Askarov , a local human rights activist , on charges of inciting ethnic violence .
( Government authorities say that they have arrested 20 people for possible involvement in the clashes . )
Officials from Amnesty International , the watchdog organization , said that Askarov was in fact apprehended because he filmed troops standing by as Kyrgyz killed , burned and looted — and they feared police were beating him regularly to get him to reveal where the tapes are located .
“ If there is no further major violence in the south , it will be because of good luck , not good policy — because there is no policy as far as we can see , ” said ICG ’s Quinn - Judge .
The fear however is that the hostilities will now move north .
Bishkek is presently rife with rumors that something brutal is planned for June 25 .
What it could be is not at all clear : further ethnic violence , a coup or maybe just violent provocations to unhinge the population on the eve of the referendum .
The rumors may of course be pure fabrication .
But their existence is raising the already high tension in the country nearly to fever - pitch .
I have been wondering for a while just what we — the west in general — are doing in Afghanistan .
Iraq was pretty obvious : oil .
( Do n't listen to the mouth , watch the hands . )
It was n't anything as crude as grabbing the oil — stealing around ten billion tons of anything is pretty much impossible — but about exerting control over the manner in which it is sold in order to maintain a competitive advantage ( a choke - hold on energy supplies ) over economic competitors such as Germany and China .
That was the core vision of the Project for the New American Century think tank in the late 1990s , and those folks later formed the top tier of the previous administration .
But Afghanistan ?
A fly - bitten wilderness with a rep for chewing up and spitting out invaders : so hostile that neither Pakistan nor Iran had any interest in trying to bite off chunks ?
It was once a second - tier Soviet satellite state ; not hugely prosperous or progressive but vastly more modern and enlightened than the hell - hole familiar to us from news coverage today .
Leaving aside the issue of how it was systematically turned into a suppurating wound on the southern frontier of the former Soviet empire by the judicious application of US government aid to radical Mujahedin elements — it 's darkly amusing to re-watch the James Bond movie The Living Daylights in view of subsequent events — the only obvious western interest in Afghanistan , post - 2001 , lay in nailing Osama bin Laden 's headquarters group and depriving Al Qaida of the ability to use the relatively lawless area as a safe training ground .
So why have we been re-enacting Vietnam 3.0 there for the past nine years ?
The New York Times comes up with a valid - sounding reason , going forward , for maintaining an imperial outpost in Afghanistan : " The United States has discovered nearly $ 1 trillion in untapped mineral deposits in Afghanistan , far beyond any previously known reserves ... including huge veins of iron , copper , cobalt , gold and critical industrial metals like lithium ...
The mineral deposits are scattered throughout the country , including in the southern and eastern regions along the border with Pakistan that have had some of the most intense combat in the American - led war against the Taliban insurgency . "
Note the presence of lithium in that list .
It 's a vital raw material for high - capacity rechargable batteries , used in everything from mobile phones to hybrid or electrically - powered automobiles — and there 's a growing worldwide shortage of the stuff .
There 's no intrinsic shortage of lithium , but high grade mineral sources are hard to find — it 's mostly bound up in other mineral deposits , in very low concentrations .
Half the known exploitable reserves are in Bolivia ( at least , before this new discovery ) .
It does n't take a rocket scientist to make the inductive jump from oil : old burning - stuff - to - keep - warm economy to lithium : new post - carbon alternative energy economy .
And by applying the PNAC 's equation of control over energy reserves with maintenance of competitive advantage ( by applying the choke collar to rivals ) , it 's fairly likely that , coming at this time , the discovery of Lots of Lithium in Afghanistan will be used to reinforce western support for an increasingly unpopular war of occupation .
Two other points occur to me .
Firstly : are these reserves truly " new " discoveries ?
Or were they , perchance , identified as possibilities by earth resources satellite overflights at some point in the 1990s , but written off as unexploitable due to lack of access ?
Secondly : disaster capitalism , anyone ?
( Clues to watch for include : sale of long - term mineral concessions to western multinationals , justification that " exploitation of mineral reserves will enable us to rebuild Afghanistan " , continued maintainance of a large military peacekeeping presence to protect the mine workings , destruction of civil institutions and rival social power bases by — no , wait , that already happened . )
I hope I 'm being too cynical here , or that the NYT are over - egging the pudding in this news story .
But I 'm afraid we 're getting confirmation that Afghanistan is the second nation to be systematically trashed by the Bush administration in pursuit of energy - control politics .
Great story here from Kate Hubbard at Mother Jones regarding the judge in Louisiana who overturned Obama 's drilling moratorium .
According to the most recently available financial disclosure form for District Court Judge Martin Feldman , he had holdings of up to $ 15,000 in Transocean in 2008 .
He has also recently owned stock in offshore drilling or oilfield service providers Halliburton , Prospect Energy , Hercules Offshore , Parker Drilling Co. , and ATP Oil & Gas.
Feldman was appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1983 .
The latest financial disclosures are not yet out reports Hubbarrd .
Read the whole thing >
This past Wednesday , Ann Tayor ’s LOFT posted photos of a typical model – rail thin and blonde – on their Facebook page , wearing their new silk cargo pants .
Introducing our drapey silk cargo .
Your new go - to pant .
They ’re flowy , cropped , light as a feather and unbelievably versatile .
We love them with a fitted blazer for work or dressed down with gladiators on the weekend .
See our work , night and weekend styling suggestions in our new gallery .
Immediately , the responses were negative :
Christine Heck Nowmos Sure , they look great , if you ’re 5 ’ 10 ” and a stick like the model in the photo … if you ’re average height or short , and have curves , these will make you look really dumpy .
Especially with the huge cargo pockets to emphasize your thighs , and a leg that tapers and will hit most of us in the widest part of our calf .
What are you thinking , LOFT ?
Your clothes used to have classic lines that looked good on anybody ; now they ’re all trendy and shaped weirdly .
Wednesday at 12:50 pm · 5 people
LOFT responded , in turn , by photographing their staff , real women , in the silk cargo pants .
They posted the photos to Facebook :
You asked and we listened !
So many of you reached out to us asking to see how our new silk cargo pants look on real women of all sizes .
We hope you enjoy our styles .
While their Facebook fans loved the photos , the pants still received a big dis -“ like . ”
Joy Fischer LaBonte
I love Loft and I sooooo appreciate you taking the time to “ listen ” to our comments and show these pants on “ real ” women .
I hope you will continue to do this in the future .
However , I still maintain these pants are UGLY .
They dont even look like capris on # 2 .
I did want to say thank you though and to let you know I shop at Loft , but these pants are FAIL . ; )
Wonderful job , LOFT , this is a great example of a company using social media to drive customer loyalty and satisfaction .
( CNN ) -- Blogger Jonathan Strickland cut ties with his cable company a year ago , yet he continues to watch all his favorite TV shows .
He has saved nearly $ 700 over the last year and , most importantly , he tasted the thrill of telling his cable provider to shove it .
" We were having poor service , channels were getting cut back and the prices were going up , " said Strickland .
Although cable companies often lure new customers with special rates , he said it seemed " the longer you were staying with them , the more you were getting punished . "
How has Strickland pulled this off ?
Mostly through a combination of Netflix and Hulu , the Internet TV service he views on his laptop .
And he 's had no regrets .
An onslaught of new technology is freeing people from cable or satellite TV companies like never before by allowing customers to get shows via broadband and other means .
Some people use sites like Hulu , and do n't mind with waiting a couple days after the show airs on television to watch .
Others figure out elaborate set ups to run their HD televisions through their PCs using applications like Windows Media Center .
It 's not mainstream yet and far from a perfect alternative , but little by little a younger generation is starting to take notice and make the switch , technology experts say .
" It 's a niche audience now , but it 's a concern for cable companies because this is the way things are going , " said Lance Ulanoff , editor - in - chief of PCMag.com .
" They 're going to have to figure out the revenue model .
" Right now , there 's tension between what people want and what content providers are willing to deliver . "
At a recent visit to Google 's Silicon Valley headquarters , comedian Conan O'Brien told the tech - savvy crowd what it already knew :
The landscape is changing fast .
" I do n't know what television is going to be five years from now .
There 's a lot of people that think you 're just going to experience it through your server , " said O'Brien , between taking digs at Jay Leno and Google execs .
" People do n't even know how the business is going to change .
There might not be network television as we know it . "
The former NBC talk - show host , who is moving to cable channel TBS this fall , then added , " Would n't that be sweeeeet ! "
Joking aside , it 's something everyone , from consumers to industry executives , is keeping a close eye on .
The cable and satellite - dish giants already have their share of critics .
Facebook pages " I Hate Time Warner Cable , " " I Hate Comcast " and " I Hate DirecTV " have sprung up , allowing fans to vent their frustrations .
" I wonder how many more channels on my little line - up they are going to continue removing and want me to keep paying their rising rates , " one person wrote .
Another said , " All the providers for TV services suck ' cause they are all trying to suck you in and then up your rates . "
Yet before consumers pull the plug on cable or satellite TV , people like Strickland say they should be prepared for the change .
Internet TV takes getting used to , and there is a loss of picture quality , he said .
And if you want a complete home theater set - up , it 's extremely hard to accomplish unless you 're an electronics whiz and know how to make end - arounds .
Web TV also may not be ideal if you 're a major sports fan , experts say .
Most pro leagues , most notably the NFL , have exclusive contracts with networks or cable companies .
" This is the hard part about switching to an online - only consumption model , " said Ulanoff of PCMag.com .
" There are no guarantees [ about what content is available ] . "
Sites like Major League Baseball and ESPN3 have helped fill some of the void with live streams of games , but their offerings pale in comparison to the many choices on cable .
Many World Cup soccer games are available on ESPN3 , although some , such as the much - anticipated United States vs. England match , were not .
Blogger Sam Grobart tried going cable - less , but he found himself longing for cable TV for a completely different reason .
Quite simply , he missed channel surfing .
" This is n't a post about technology , " he wrote on the New York Times blog Gadgetwise .
" This is a post about behavior . "
Strickland , an admitted " all - around geek , " understands that sentiment .
Yet he says the DVR has already helped with that mentality , freeing people of the belief that they need to tune in at a specific time on a specific day of the week .
Besides the thrill of ditching his cable bill , convenience has been the other biggest benefit , he says .
" I 'm going to watch a show when I want to watch it . "
Strickland uses Hulu and Netflix 's streaming capabilities for most of his shows and movies .
He watches about half of the material on his television and the other half on his laptop .
He has used a Roku box for his TV , a cost of about $ 100 , to help stream movies .
But since he bought the device , gaming consoles such as Nintendo 's Wii and Microsoft 's Xbox have begun offering Netflix 's streaming service , making his Roku less necessary .
In the end , Strickland says he 's saved at least $ 55 a month .
Perhaps more importantly , he says he has a new level of freedom .
" I realized how much time I was spending watching television , and now I 'm doing other things , " he said .
Sir Frank Williams has little to smile about © Sutton Images Enlarge Related Links Championship :
FIA Formula One World Championship
Teams :
Williams
With the Williams team struggling for points on the track in 2010 , the Oxfordshire - based team 's accounts paint an even gloomier picture .
Profits at the Williams Formula
One team fell 50 % to £ 4.5 million before tax last year after it lost sponsorship money from the bankrupt Icelandic investment company Baugur , whose brands , including the toy - shop Hamleys and the jeweller Mappin & Webb , sponsored the team in 2008 .
Baugur was left owing Williams £ 10 million for the sponsorship but failed to pay up when it hit financial difficulties .
Iceland 's Glitnir bank guaranteed to honour Hamleys ' obligation but it was then taken over by the Icelandic government and Williams still had not received the money by the end of last year .
Last year Williams used its reduced profits to pay down debt and the team finished the year with cash of £ 3.9 million compared with net debt of £ 25.5 million at the end of 2008 .
However , the accounts state that this position is expected to worsen because £ 14.6 million of the income it received last year was attributable to 2010 .
There appears to be no light at the end of the tunnel for Williams , who will also lose an estimated £ 11 million of sponsorship at the end of this year when the Royal Bank of Scotland ends its partnership with the team .
Williams , who finished seventh in the constructors ' standings in 2009 , lie only one place higher so far this season wth only eight points to show for their efforts .
Image caption Few UK politicians have faced such ravaged economies , the IFS says
The UK faces the " longest , deepest , sustained period of cuts to public services spending at least since World War II " , said an economic think tank .
It is the first time that six years of consecutive spending cuts will have been endured , the respected Institute for Fiscal Studies ( IFS ) said .
Some government departments may see budgets slashed by a third , it added .
The IFS also said government claims that the rich would " feel more pain " than the poor were " debatable " .
' Regressive '
" The Budget looks less progressive - indeed somewhat regressive - when you take out the effect of measures that were inherited from the previous government and when you look further into the future than 2013 , " said IFS director Robert Chote .
MAIN BUDGET MEASURES VAT increase
Public sector pay freeze
Child benefit frozen
Housing benefit cuts
Disability Living Allowance cuts
Tax cut for lowest paid
Two year council tax freeze
Capital Gains Tax increased
Bank levy
NI tax holiday for job creation outside South - East of England Budget key points : At - a - glance Cameron warns on public pensions
Be straight over Budget - Harman
The institute noted that Labour had already identified 70 % of the needed fiscal consolidation by 2016 , before Mr Osborne took over at the Treasury .
Of particular concern to the IFS were the planned cuts in public services , which Mr Chote predicted would " more than reverse the entire increase that we saw under Labour " .
" [ The cuts ] are likely to hit poorer households significantly harder than richer households , " he explained .
The IFS noted that the impact on the poorest families of welfare reforms - notably the decision to index benefits to the lower Consumer Prices Index ( CPI ) measure of inflation - would become worse with each passing year .
Mr Chote dismissed the bulk of the government 's planned welfare cuts as " a mixed bag of reforms with no consistent objective beyond the desire to save money " .
' Not good news '
BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders said the government was likely to be " embarrassed " by another IFS conclusion , that the changes in benefits announced in the Budget would significantly raise the number of households and individuals in the UK facing very high marginal tax rates on their earnings .
STEPHANOMICS
As the scale of the cuts becomes clear , I wonder whether the NHS will be put back on the table as well Stephanie Flanders , BBC economics editor Flanders : Real extent of cuts
" That was always inevitable , given that the Treasury was trying to save money by targeting benefits and tax credits more closely on lower income households , " she said .
" That necessarily means taking money away more rapidly as earned income goes up , meaning very high effective tax rates on that income .
" But it is not good news for Iain Duncan Smith and also many senior Liberal Democrats , who before the election made much of the fact that the poorest people in society can face the highest tax rates ... there are going to be a lot more of them . "
There was one positive message for the coalition however .
Mr Chote said : " The new government is certainly to be congratulated on the transparency with which it has presented [ its policies ] . "
' Expensive protection '
In setting out cuts of public spending , the government has said it would protect the NHS and the Overseas Development Agency .
The effect of this , plus only limited cutbacks at Defence and Education , could leave unprotected departments such as the Home Office and Environment with having their budgets cut by as much as a third , the IFS said .
Mr Chote questioned the decision to protect the NHS , saying that it was " striking " the extent to which this would intensify the spending squeeze for other departments .
Without this protection , the average budget cuts for other departments would have been 14 % instead of 25 % , the IFS calculated .
Our economics editor described this as a " very expensive bit of protection " .
" As the scale of the cuts becomes clear , I wonder whether the NHS will be put back on the table as well , " she said .
Image caption Mr Osborne says he has taken decisive action
Earlier , Mr Osborne said his " toughest Budget package of spending cuts and tax increases in a generation " meant the UK could " look to a brighter future " .
The chancellor said " decisive action " to raise VAT and cut spending would boost confidence in the economy .
Labour 's Alistair Darling , the former chancellor , said it could be " dire for many " and the coalition might be unable to implement it .
Complexity
The IFS gave a detailed appraisal of the individual policies contained in the budget .
The much - debated changes to capital gains tax are ... a missed opportunity Robert Chote , IFS director
The think tank gave a thumbs - up to the planned limits to tax relief on pension contributions for high earners , which would reduce their complexity .
" The coalition now has a better approach than was in any of the three main party manifestos , " said the IFS director .
However , he described the decision to water down the planned rise in capital gains tax a " missed opportunity " , although the tax rise was " a step in the right direction " .
On business taxes , the institute said it saw " little sign ( yet ) of long - term thinking " , although Mr Chote welcomed the cut in the headline corporate tax rate .
He also criticised the decision to raise the VAT rate , rather than reduce the number of items that are exempt from VAT , saying this would increase price distortions .
And the director described the tax break on national insurance for start - up companies as " complicated , potentially prone to avoidance and oddly targeted " .
* " Britain 's economy - Cameron & Clegg Face the Audience " on tonight 's Six and Ten O'Clock news or the whole half hour at 7 pm on the BBC News Channel or 11.25 pm on BBC2 .
STOCKTON , Calif . - Since illegally crossing the Mexican border into the United States six years ago , Ángel Martínez has done backbreaking work , harvesting asparagus , pruning grapevines and picking the ripe fruit .
More recently , he has also washed trucks , often working as much as 70 hours a week , earning $ 8.50 to $ 12.75 an hour .
Not surprisingly , Mr. Martínez , 28 , has not given much thought to Social Security 's long - term financial problems .
But Mr. Martínez -- who comes from the state of Oaxaca in southern Mexico and hiked for two days through the desert to enter the United States near Tecate , some 20 miles east of Tijuana -- contributes more than most Americans to the solvency of the nation 's public retirement system .
Last year , Mr. Martínez paid about $ 2,000 toward Social Security and $ 450 for Medicare through payroll taxes withheld from his wages .
Yet unlike most Americans , who will receive some form of a public pension in retirement and will be eligible for Medicare as soon as they turn 65 , Mr. Martínez is not entitled to benefits .
He belongs to a big club .
As the debate over Social Security heats up , the estimated seven million or so illegal immigrant workers in the United States are now providing the system with a subsidy of as much as $ 7 billion a year .
WASHINGTON  The Federal Communications Commission voted 3 to 2 on Thursday to move toward giving itself the authority to regulate the transmission component of broadband Internet service , a power the commission ’s majority believes is central to expanding the availability of broadband .
The vote formally begins a period of public comment on an F.C.C. proposal to overturn a previous commission ruling that classified broadband transmission as a lightly regulated information service .
The proposal would designate broadband transmission as a telecommunications service , which , as with telephone service , would make it subject to stricter regulation .
The commission has said it intends to exempt broadband service from most of the regulatory options it has under the stricter designation , keeping only those regulations that are necessary “ to implement fundamental universal service , competition and market entry , and consumer protection policies . ”
Blood of the Cybermen
Blood of the Cybermen
Who
The Waters of Mars
The Sarah Jane Adventures
Doctor Who
*
Tuesday 22nd June 2010 : An abandoned Arctic research centre ... an ancient relic ... an off - screen terror – the classic ingredients of a Doctor Who episode .
Only this time you are the Doctor .has been executively produced by Steven Moffat , stars Matt Smith and Karen Gillan , and has been written by Phil Ford .
Matt Smith and Karen Gillan have been digitally recreated in - game , and have provided full voice - overs .
Music has been provided by TV series ’ composer Murray Gold .
An additional cast will portray original characters and classic enemies .is classic , ” says its writer Phil Ford ( who also co~wroteand episodes for ) .
“ From the intriguing title , through the pre-credits intro to the mystery surrounding the Arctic base , this is everything you expect from a TV episode – only this time you control the action .
It ’s an epic story , and one we could only tell in a computer game .
We ’ve ambitious sets , a thrill - a- minute narrative , and we re-introduce aadversary not seen since the Tom Baker era . ”
I posted a few weeks ago about planning assets , and now ( with a slight delay caused by obsessively checking Humble Bundle news )
I have the finished models and have them in the engine .
Here is before and after showing the plan and the finished assets .
Let 's go through each of the elements of my plan and see how they turned out .
I came up with this set of trees and plants by looking at images of temperate rainforests on google image search
This worked out very well .
The set I planned fills out the major plants I needed as a bare minumum .
As I went about putting the assets in a scene , I realized there were a few more pieces I would like to make .
Dead branches and tiny roots are on the list of things I would like to add , but I think the scene looks pretty good even without those .
The larger assets are going to use tiling tangent space normal , diffuse and specular textures
Even though I felt like this technique was my best option , I was worried that the shading on the tree trunks would not look detailed or smooth enough .
With the lighting in Pheonix , this turned out not to be an issue .
I was really happy with how the shading came out .
[ E ] ach file contains two side - by - side tiling sub - textures for the trunks and major branches of the trees .
This worked out a lot better than expected .
Because all the models used the same texture format , I had fun with switching textures around , and the results were usually pretty good .
This meant I got a lot more milage out of each texture , and I had enough time to do a few extra variations just for fun .
I will be using a different texture for the folliage .
In the past I had tried putting folliage and bark textures together and it was really restrictive .
Since I ended up with tons of bark variations it was even better that the folliage was on its own texture .
Now I can mix and match different folliage with any bark texture I have .
I will be doing updates on how my plan is working out in practice so stay tuned !
This part of the plan did n't work out as well , since this is the only update .
Overall , and despite my general dislike of planning , having a simple plan was a big success !
The reality , not surprisingly , is more complex .
Mr. Obama clearly sees his presidency as far more than a bully pulpit  he has cast himself as a last line of defense against market excesses that take many different forms .
“ In the past , corporate America was not only at the table , they owned the table and the chairs around it , ” Mr. Obama ’s combative chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , said in an interview Thursday .
“ Obama does n’t start off confrontational , but he will be confrontational if there is resistance to the notion that there are other equities . ”
But at the same moment , as his critics on the left have pointed out , Mr. Obama has been warding off calls for far more stringent regulations of the banks , hoping to win at least a modicum of business support  and to defuse the notion that he is at war with American - style capitalism .
Each of his confrontations with corporate executives had its own rationale .
G.M. had become so uncompetitive , Mr. Obama argued , that its imminent collapse was threatening the jobs of millions of workers ; the only way to save the company from its own worst instincts was to become its temporary owner and bring new blood into the boardroom .
( It will take years to determine if that worked , but on Thursday , though it was overshadowed by the grilling of BP ’s chief executive on Capitol Hill , G.M. announced it was forgoing its usual summer shutdown of most of its plants so it could meet renewed demand . )
The Wall Street executives who needed the government to prop them up , but still thought their services were worth millions a year , were cast by Mr. Obama as a shameless privileged class .
Toyota was described as seeking profits over safety ;
Wellpoint , the insurance giant , was castigated for seeking to insulate itself from the new health care legislation by taking actions that the law will soon prohibit .
Against that backdrop , forcing BP to take a $ 20 billion bath  even before the inevitable lawsuits are filed  seemed an easy decision .
Mr. Obama had no legal basis for the demand , but concluded he did not need one .
“ He had a power other presidents have used  you call it jawboning , ” Mr. Emanuel said .
We plan to take ShapeWriter off the Android Market on June 20 for an indefinite period of time .
We ask you to update your ShapeWriter to version 3.0.9 which will not expire .
In particular , the paid user should upgrade to the latest version ASAP .
i Phone related for ShapeWriter Keyboard
ShapeWriter Keyboard was developed for Android by ShapeWriter , Inc
Package name : com.shapewriter.android.softkeyboard
This application is copy protected
System permissions : 4
Click here to show / hide list
android.permission.VIBRATE
android.permission .WRITE_SETTINGS
android.permission.READ_CONTACTS
android.permission.READ_USER_DICTIONARY
I am the developer of this Application !
was developed for Android byPackage name : This application isSystem permissions :
Screenshot (s ) available for ShapeWriter Keyboard
Availables reviews for ShapeWriter Keyboard
Discussion(s ) about ShapeWriter Keyboard in our forum
Comments and Ratings for ShapeWriter Keyboard
All 5 stars 4 stars 3 stars 2 stars 1 star
Filters :
Almost 20 percent of American women end up going childfree , according to a new report by the Pew Research Center .
In 2008 , 18 percent of women reached ages 40 to 44 without having borne a child , compared to just 10 percent in 1976 .
“ The fact that nearly one of five women does not have a child of her own — that ’s an enormous transformation from the past , ” Pew researcher D’Vera Cohn told The Washington Post .
About half of these women are childfree by choice .
So , is society becoming more accepting of that choice ?
Yes , write Cohn and co-researcher Gretchen Livingston :
Over the past few decades , public attitudes toward childlessness have become more accepting .
Most adults disagree that people without children “ lead empty lives , ” a share that rose to 59 % in 2002 from 39 % in 1988 , according to the General Social Survey .
In addition , children increasingly are seen as less central to a good marriage .
In a 2007 Pew Research Center survey , 41 % of adults said that children are very important for a successful marriage , a decline from 65 % who said so in 1990 . …
Scholars say that social pressure to bear children appears to have diminished for women and that today the decision to have a child is seen as an individual choice .
Improved job opportunities and contraceptive methods help create alternatives for women who choose not to have children .
But some prejudice persists and is even worsening :
As for the impact on society , attitudes are more mixed .
About half the public — 46 % in a 2009 Pew Research Center poll [ PDF ] — say it makes no difference one way or the other that a growing share of women do not ever have children .
Still , a notable share of Americans — 38 % in that 2009 survey — say this trend is bad for society , an increase from 29 % in a 2007 Pew Research survey .
A childfree lifestyle is more common among white women than other races , though black , Hispanic , and Asian women are catching up .
The most educated women still are among the most likely never to have had a child .
But in a notable exception to the overall rising trend , in 2008 , 24 % of women ages 40 - 44 with a master ’s , doctoral or professional degree had not had children , a decline from 31 % in 1994 .
A childfree life does n’t have to be a bummer , The Washington Post helpfully points out :
Childless women are as happy as women who had children at typical ages , said Amy Pienta , a researcher at the University of Michigan who coauthored a study on the subject .
“ They are not any more depressed ; their psychological well - being is just as high , ” she said .
I could have told you that .
And — bonus — our carbon footprints are lower too .
All in all , this report is good news — women are more free to choose how they want to live their lives , and , to the extent more of us are choosing not to have kids , the environment benefits in the process .
Read more about population and the childfree option :
BP agrees to $ 20 billion fund for spill costs
President Obama met with BP executives Wednesday .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- BP will put $ 20 billion into an independently managed account to cover economic damages related to the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico , President Obama and company executives said Wednesday .
Obama announced the agreement after meeting with top BP executives at the White House to discuss the spill , which has become the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history .
Kenneth Feinberg , an attorney who served as special master of the 9/11 victims fund and advises Obama on Wall Street pay issues , will oversee the fund .
The creation of the fund does not mean BP 's total payouts will be capped at $ 20 billion , officials said .
Decisions about claims will be made initially by Feinberg .
A three - judge panel will be available to consider appeals of Feinberg 's decisions .
In addition , individuals , businesses or government entities unhappy with their payouts could pursue claims in court .
Obama said he is " absolutely confident " that BP will be able to meet its obligations and that the agreement " sets up a legal and financial framework for them to do it . "
The fund , he said , " will provide substantial assurance that the claims people and businesses have will be honored . "
BP promises to make good on its word : BP ( BP ) has said repeatedly that it plans to pay all costs related to the spill .
But the company has been criticized for not moving fast enough to process claims of economic damage filed by Gulf businesses impacted by the disaster .
Carl - Henric Svanberg , the chairman of BP , said after meeting with Obama that the company will " live up to all our legitimate responsibilities , " adding that the fund " should assure the American people that we mean what we say . "
Svanberg also said Wednesday that BP had agreed to set aside $ 100 million to compensate oil workers idled by the government - imposed moratorium on deepwater drilling in the Gulf of Mexico .
Obama said BP faces " significant " liabilities .
But he called the company " strong " and " viable , " adding that nation has an interest in keeping it above water .
While the new framework is an important step in repairing the economic and environmental damage in the Gulf , Obama acknowledged that " we 're not going to turn things around overnight . "
BP on an installment plan :
Under the terms of the agreement , BP will make installments of $ 5 billion a year for four years , including $ 5 billion in 2010 , according to the White House .
To assure that $ 20 billion will be available , BP will put up U.S. assets as insurance .
As it adds cash to the fund , BP will be able to reduce the assets being held .
As of March , BP had about $ 7 billion in cash on hand , according to its quarterly financial statement .
The company generates over $ 7 billion in cash each quarter , or about $ 30 billion per year .
In addition , analysts estimate that BP could comfortably borrow up to $ 17 billion on relatively short notice .
BP said last week that it has so far spent over $ 1 billion on containment , clean up and other costs related to the spill .
Analysts say it 's too soon to say how much the spill could end up costing BP , but estimates have ranged between $ 11 billion and $ 60 billion on the low end , to upwards of $ 100 billion in the worst case .
Much depends on the amount of oil flowing from the well and whether BP is found guilty of gross negligence .
Reports from congressional committees and in the press have indicated BP chose cheaper , riskier drilling tactics in the lead - up to the disaster .
Meanwhile , government scientists on Tuesday increased their estimate of oil flowing into the Gulf by 50 % to between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels per day .
That translates into 1.5 million gallons to 2.5 million gallons per day .
Wednesday was the 58th day that oil has been spewing into the Gulf of Mexico .
Documents released by a Senate committee Wednesday show that BP has already given some money to the government for spill - related costs .
BP transferred about $ 71 million in two separate transactions last week to the Coast Guard for clean up costs , according to the documents .
-- CNN's John King , Suzanne Malveaux and Evan Glass and CNNMoney 's Catherine Clifford contributed to this report .
Arizona Spends $ 1.25 M to Save 250 Squirrels
Rope bridges expected to save five squirrels a year from being road kill .
June 17 , 2010 -- Arizona is spending $ 1.25 million to build bridges for endangered squirrels over a mountain road so they do n't become roadkill and then monitor their health .
The money is being spent , officials said , because cars kill about five of these squirrels each year .
While most suburbanites may be baffled why anyone would protect a pesky squirrel , these are Mount Graham red squirrels , a breed once thought to be extinct .
Only 250 of them are known to live near the top of Mount Graham .
The Federal Highway Administration grant will be used to build rope bridges over the lone road through the squirrels ' habitat , according to Arizona Department of Transportation Community Relations Director Timothy Tait .
The DOT plans to install 41 of the " canopy tunnel crossings " at a cost of $ 400,000 .
Another $ 160,000 will be spent on cameras to monitor the bridges , and the rest of the money will fund a project to monitor the rodents .
That works out to about $ 5,000 per squirrel .
The red squirrels have been the subject of much attention ever since they were rediscovered in the 1970s after many thought they were extinct .
They were declared an endangered species in 1987 and are now closely monitored by researchers at the University of Arizona , the Arizona Game and Fish Department , the U.S. Forest Service and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service .
Tim Snow , non -game specialist at the Game and Fish Department , monitors the population of the squirrels on a yearly basis .
He said the population fluctuates from year to year , but it has averaged 250 squirrels over the last 10 years .
In the nineties , the squirrels numbered between 300 and 350 .
A variety of factors are responsible for the population decline , Snow said .
" The biggest threat to the squirrel is loss of habitat , " he said .
A wildfire in 2000 destroyed a quarter of the squirrels ' habitat , which Snow said is one of two major sources of habitat loss .
Insects on the trees are the other major threat .
" The basis of the project is recognizing that traffic on Mount Graham in southeast Arizona is creating impacts on the environment , " Tait said .
Each day , an average of 650 cars use the lower , paved portion of the road , and 150 cars travel on the gravel portion of the road .
According to Snow , motorists cause roughly five squirrels ' deaths each year .
Assuming the bridges work and no squirrels die , over 100 squirrels could be saved throughout the 20 to 25 year lifespan of the bridges .
Sen. John McCain Is Opposed to Squirrel Bridge
Tait defended the expense of the rope bridges .
" It 's a pretty specialized item , " Tait said .
" They are made of military grade nylon .
They 're fire retardant and will be dyed a green color to fit in with the environment . "
The bridges also have an easy release mechanism that allows workers to disconnect them from the trees in the event that a tall truck needs to drive up to the Mount Graham International Observatory at the top of the mountain , or in the case of a forest fire .
They are called " canopy tunnel crossings " because they include a mesh tunnel through which only the Mount Graham red squirrels – and not other larger squirrel species – can fit .
The tunnel will protect the squirrels from predators like birds of prey .
The money for the project comes from the Federal Highway Administration and must be used for Federal Transportation Enhancement programs .
One part of the enhancement initiative is Category 11 , whose goal is to " reduce vehicle - caused wildlife mortality while maintaining habitat connectivity . "
Arizona receives resources each year for enhancement projects like this one as part of their Federal Highway grant money , but it is up to the Arizona Department of Transportation to decide how to use the money .
Community response has been overwhelmingly negative , according to David Kincaid , city manager of Safford , the town nearest to the squirrel 's habitat .
" The community at large is pretty cynical towards the project , " he said .
" I think people are thinking , this is just another piece of the government spending that is out of control when it could be spending that money to create real jobs for real people . "
Sen. John McCain , R - Ariz. , who has repeatedly criticized what he deems wasteful government spending , was asked about the squirrel bridge meeting in the town of Clifton .
" He expressed opposition to the Mount Graham red squirrel preservation effort , saying it puts unreasonable limits on forest resources that could be used to help the community 's economy , " McCain spokeswoman Brooke Buchanan told ABCNews.com .
Squirrel Bridge Takes Precedence Over Regular Roads
Graham County Supervisor Mark Herrington thinks that the money could be better spent elsewhere .
" I do n't think it 's the smartest allocation of resources , " he said .
" With all the problems were facing today , with the economy the way it is … that 's a huge expense and how do you guarantee that the squirrels are going to cross the bridge ? "
Herrington said he was not consulted about the project .
Instead , the Department of Transportation sent him a letter announcing the start of the project a few weeks ago .
" We could have used this money to improve roads for our citizens , " Herrington said .
" There are 600 miles of bad roads in Graham County that need to be improved for the people that live here . "
The people of Graham County will have to wait for better roads .
For now , it 's the squirrels ' turn .
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN you get two very smart people , Tim Sweeney from Epic Games , and Andrew Richards from Codeplay , with diametrically opposed views together in the same room to talk about the future of graphics hardware ?
Easy , a debate .
At GDC this year , that is exactly what SemiAccurate did , and through the magic of video cameras , you too can enjoy the spectacle .
It started out as any normal conversation at GDC would , talking to someone smarter than yourself about topics that they know in great depth .
This time , I was talking to Andrew Richards about what new architectures he has his compilers working on .
Codeplay makes compilers for chips that mere coding on drives many insane .
The compilers autoparallelize C/C++ code , hiding architectural complexity from coders , theoretically making their job easy .
The talk turned to the architecture that was on the minds of most during GDC , Larrabee .
Andrew was adamant that it would not work , or at least would never scale .
The conversation went something like this :
Charlie Demerjian :
You really think Larrabee does n’t work ?
Andrew Richards : Yes .
CD : But it does , Intel has working chips , and has demo ’d it .
AR : It will never scale .
CD : Tim Sweeney thinks it will .
AR : Tim Sweeney is wrong .
CD : Would you say that to his face ?
AR : Yes .
( Note : At this point , I started thinking this could get fun . )
CD : On camera ?
AR : Yes .
CD : OK , I ’ll see what Tim has to say .
Off to the epic Epic booth .
The conversation with Tim Sweeney , Unreal Engine coder extrodinaire went something like this :
Charlie Demerjian : Andrew Richards says that Larrabee will never work right .
Do you think it will ?
Tim Sweeney : Yes .
CD : He says it will never scale , and has no future .
What do you think ?
TS : Andrew Richards is wrong .
CD : Would you say that to his face ?
TS : Yes .
CD : On camera ?
TS : Yes .
( Note : Game on )
We agreed to meet a few hours later , and the gods of timing and meeting rooms conspired to have all of the rooms in the epic Epic booth filled with people doing real work .
The three of us wandered around GDC until we found an area that was relatively quiet and curtained off from wandering developers .
Other than the odd caterer and janitor noisily wheeling something by , it was quite desolate , so we sat on the concrete floor and fired up the camera .
Our lovely venue / concrete janitorial area
I laid out the plastic silverware to use when the debate got heated , and fired up the camera .
As a first test of my new camera ’s ability to take movies , it was an abject failure .
Debugging much later on showed that the memory speed of the SD card did not quite live up to it ’s rated speed .
The result were several sub -30 second clips of the author introducing himself , Tim Sweeney and Andrew Richards , then stopping abruptly .
Without a video camera to film the debate , we called it a day and agreed to continue the following afternoon .
I also felt like somewhat of an unprepared clod for wasting their time .
For the remainder of that day , and the following one , the overarching task was to find a working video camera that could be borrowed for about an hour .
In a convention full of geeks with literally thousands of journalists , this should be a piece of cake , right ?
Wrong .
No one had anything usable , but several offered their cell phones as a replacement .
How can a hundred PR people , journalists , geeks , and PR agencies not have a video camera ?
Oh yeah , karma .
At the very last minute I ran into a friend , Robert Lupo , who offered to film it with his flip camera .
All four of us , and and audience of two others , came together in a meeting room in the epic Epic booth for The Debate : Attempt II .
The weapons were readied for the debaters , and I did my best to keep things moving along with a minimum of umms and ahs .
The true hero of this debate however was Robert Lupo .
He went well above the call of duty here , literally on his knees filming Tim Sweeney and Andrew Roberts debate for over 45 minutes .
Since we did n’t have a tripod , he was also holding the camera for the entire time .
Because of this , the video quality is a bit shaky , and the audio has ups and downs .
We did our best to clean it up , but there is only so much you can do .
Given the circumstances , the choices were to do it this way or not at all .
Since the topic was and is quite pertinent , and the two debaters do n’t get within sporking distance of each other more than two or three times a year , we went for it .
The debate ended up being just under 45 minutes long , and was chopped up into Youtube compliant lengths , we opted for picture quality instead of length .
Installments will be posted until we run out , and if we ever get a host that has the bandwidth to support it all , we will post the whole thing as a single video .
With that , enjoy part 1 of the first SemiAccurate debate / argument / food fight over the future of graphics hardware .
S|A
Preds Sign Kelsey Wilson To 1 - Year Deal by Press Release / Nashville Predators
Nashville , Tenn . ( May 17 , 2010 ) – Nashville Predators President of Hockey Operations / General Manager David Poile announced today that the club has signed forward Kelsey Wilson to a one - year contract worth $ 525,000 at the NHL level and $ 70,000 at the AHL level .
Wilson , 24 ( 1/22/10 ) , returns to North America after one season with EC Red Bull Salzburg , which he helped win the Erste Bank Liga ( Austria ) title in 2009 - 10 .
The Sault Ste. Marie , Ont. , native led the Austrian League in penalty minutes ( 265 ) while amassing 40 points ( 16g-33a ) in 70 games .
Prior to his season abroad , Wilson spent three campaigns with Milwaukee ( AHL ) , leading the Admirals in penalty minutes in all three seasons ( 2006 -07 - ' 08-09 ) .
In 2008 - 09 , the Sault Ste. Marie , Ont. , native was one of just four AHLers to post at least 30 points ( 15g-17a-32pts ) and 150 penalty minutes ( 160 ) , and in 2006 - 07 , he led all AHL rookies in penalty minutes ( 215 ) .
Originally signed by Nashville as an amateur free agent on Oct. 6 , 2006 , the 6 - 1 , 214 - pound left winger has 70 points ( 32g-38a ) and 554 penalty minutes in 220 American Hockey League contests .
View Less
Image caption
The researchers discovered genes involved in fin but not limb development
A study has shed light on a key genetic step in the evolution of animals ' limbs from the fins of fish , scientists say .
A team of researchers identified two new genes that are important in fin development .
They report in the journal Nature that the loss of these genes could have been an " important step " in the evolutionary transformation of fins into limbs .
Marie - Andree Akimenko , from the University of Ottawa in Canada , led the research .
She and her colleagues began their study by looking at the development of zebrafish embryos .
They discovered two genes that coded for proteins that were important in the structure of fins .
These proteins were components of the thread - like fibres known as " actinotrichia " .
These are found in fish larvae and they eventually develop into the bony fin rays of mature fish .
" We found there were no [ equivalent genes ] in limbs , so this suggested these may have been lost in evolution , " explained Dr Akimenko .
To confirm this , they looked for - and found - the same family of genes in the genomes of elephant sharks , which are a very basal ( or ancient ) fish species .
This suggested that the " ancient family of genes persisted in [ bony fish ] and was lost when they evolved " into four - footed animals , Dr Akimenko said .
Recreating evolution
Embryo development can provide important genetic and molecular clues about evolution ; many early developmental changes are believed to mirror evolutionary changes .
Image caption
The embryonic fin ( left ) has ray - forming fibres , which are absent in the embryonic mouse limb
The scientists were able to manipulate zebrafish development , to study these changes in more detail .
They inactivated the newly discovered genes in a developing zebrafish embryo .
When they did this , they found that it developed shorter " truncated " fins with no bony rays .
The loss of these fin rays , the scientists say , was a key step in fin - to - limb evolution .
The team then compared the development of normal zebrafish embryos with that of mouse embryos .
" When we compared fin development and limb development , the early steps are very similar , " Dr Akimenko said .
" But at one point there is a divergence , and that correlates with the beginning of the expression of these genes . "
Professor Jonathan Bard , a retired developmental biologist now working with the department of physiology , anatomy and genetics at Oxford University , said the findings were only a very small part of the evolutionary story .
He said that this still did not tell us about digit formation - " how the broad , multi-ray fins of fishes became transformed into the eight digits of the hand or foot plate of the first tetrapods " .
" More generally , " he said , " hundreds of millions of years of separate evolution divide [ bony fish ] and mice . "
He added : " It is an interesting paper ... and it will be be interesting to see what the [ researchers ] do next . "
She is n't the first person to be accused of helping to assassinate JFK , but she may be the most glamorous : Katie Holmes , the actress better known as Mrs Tom Cruise , is at the centre of what Hollywood liberals are theatrically billing a sinister right - wing plot to destroy the late president 's reputation .
Ms Holmes was unveiled last week as the star of The Kennedys , an eight - hour History Channel mini-series , in which she will play JFK's wife , Jackie .
Greg Kinnear , an Oscar nominee , will portray the president , while the British actor Tom Wilkinson will take the role of his father , Joseph .
The A - list cast has , however , been announced to a chorus of scepticism about the purpose of the high - profile show , which is scheduled to air on the US cable channel in the run-up to January 's 50th anniversary of the charismatic Democratic president 's inauguration .
Critics have claimed that the film 's producers , who are led by Joel Surnow , the creator of 24 and one of the most prominent Republicans in Hollywood , are cooking up a historically inaccurate hatchet job that focuses on sex and scandal in an effort to destroy JFK 's reputation .
Several prominent historians have gone so far as to call on the public to boycott the film – the first drama the History Channel has ever produced – alleging that Surnow , a friend of the conservative talk - show host Rush Limbaugh , is using it to advance a revisionist political agenda .
A copy of the film 's script was leaked earlier this year , revealing that executives at the TV station , which usually screens weighty documentaries , green - lit a project that attempts to portray JFK as an intellectually - challenged sex addict .
They are particularly upset by a scene in which a secret service agent spends several minutes trying to get President Kennedy 's attention as he attempts sexual intercourse in a swimming pool with a woman called Judy , who is very much not his wife .
Another bone of contention is a line of dialogue in which Kennedy will tell a confidant that promiscuity is the only way that he can ward off headaches : " If I do n't have some strange ass every couple of days , I get migraines . "
Opposition to the film is being led by the left - leaning documentary - maker Robert Greenwald , who has now posted a video on YouTube in which historians and former Kennedy confidants ask viewers to sign a petition calling on the History Channel to have the script extensively rewritten .
In the video , one of JFK 's former confidants , Theodore C Sorensen , describes Surnow 's script as " one- sided " and " right - wing " , and says it " suffers from a vindictive , malicious approach " .
He adds : " Every single conversation with Kennedy in the Oval Office in which I , according to the script , am supposed to have participated , never happened . "
The historian David Nasaw , meanwhile , uses Greenwald 's film to complain that The Kennedys will " bear no relationship that I can see to the lives that these people lived ...
This film is not only extraordinarily anti-Catholic .
It 's anti-Irish , in a way I have not seen in a long , long time . "
A third critic , Nigel Hamilton , the British author primarily known for his biography on the young John F Kennedy , JFK : Reckless Youth , says that green - lighting the film represents ugly dumbing down by a channel that has previously been a home of serious historical programming .
" It 's a travesty .
Why feed this kind of garbage on something called the History Channel ? " he said .
" Why not put that out on another channel and call it The Sex Lives of the Kennedys ? "
For their part , defenders of Surnow would , quite understandably , argue that Greenwald and his chums are complaining too much .
After all , JFK certainly did enjoy a colourful private life and has long been rumoured to have counted Marilyn Monroe among his many alleged mistresses .
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan is weighing the possibility of traveling to the Gaza Strip in order to " break the Israeli blockade , " the Lebanese newspaper al - Mustaqbal reported on Saturday , according to Army Radio .
Erdogan reportedly raised the idea in conversations with close associates and even informed the United States of his intention to ask the Turkish Navy to accompany another aid flotilla to Gaza .
The Americans asked Erdogan to delay his plans , in light of tensions on the region , the Lebanese report said .
According to the report , Erdogan is under intense political pressure to cancel security agreements with Israel .
The Turkish military establishment , however , strongly opposes the idea of cutting security ties with Israel .
Erdogan has fiercely criticized Israeli for Monday 's raid on a Gaza - bound aid flotilla , in which nine people , all Turkish citizens , were killed .
" That 's the third one today , is n't it ? "
" Is it ? "
" I think so . "
" Huh . "
By Reihana Mohideen
May 9 , 2010 --
The country faces a possible failure of elections on May 10 due to the inability of the Philippines ' elite to ensure a resolution to the political crisis through elections , and the general incompetence of a corruption ridden , elite - controlled , weak state to conduct credible elections , above all one based on a fully automated voting system .
Only five days before the elections a major test run of the equipment failed .
In several precincts around the country , for example , votes cast for the opposition Liberal Party candidate Noynoy Aquino were counted as votes for the candidate backed by the government party Lakas Kampi CMD ’s ( Christian Muslim Democrats ) , Gilbert Teodoro .
In one important aspect , i.e. the public trust in the electoral commission to conduct credible elections , the elections have already failed .
People are extremely distrustful of the electoral commission and its credibility is virtually in tatters .
The commission is suspected of being manipulated by the president Gloria Macapagal Arroyo ( known as GMA in the Philippines ) to serve her personal political interests , and several commissioners are known to be in the pay of GMA .
The prospect of a failure of elections has unnerved the elite , including the elite opposition .
Various factions have come up with a chaotic plethora of alternatives to save the system , ranging from the postponement of elections , to a full manual count of the votes .
Arroyo , one of the most unpopular presidents in Philippines history , has faced several impeachment attempts , the wrath of a mass movement that has persistently called for her ouster and several military mutinies by junior officers opposed to her government .
She has survived , partly due to her ability to buy off a majority in congress through her plunder of presidential resources , while the sullen anger of the masses against the government has grown .
If she no longer controls government , she will face a number of corruption and plunder charges that will see her convicted and jailed , as was the case with former president Estrada .
Therefore there ’s a very strong possibility that she will manipulate the election results to hold onto power indefinitely .
This could include changing the constitution to install her as a prime minister , thereby extending her control of government and protecting the interests of the Arroyo political dynasty .
The failure of the May 10 elections could lead to the explosion of another political crisis .
While Noynoy Aquino leading the " yellow forces " has indicated his support for " people 's power " , there is also a question mark about the capacity of Noynoy Aquino and the Liberal Party to be able to mobilise people 's power .
While Noynoy has substantial middle - class support , Estrada -- who is the running second in the polls -- continues to command significant support among the urban poor .
Is there a possibility of a Noynoy - Estrada alliance ?
The political situation is chaotic and unpredictable .
Anything seems to be a possibility at this stage .
Meanwhile election - related violence continues with killings reported in various localities around the country .
Many of the culprits of the Maguindanao massacre – the worst case of recent election - related violence in the country , in which 57 people including 32 journalists were massacred – were initially acquitted by the justice secretary of the Arroyo government , while one of the murderers continues to vacation in " jail " .
Mutinous groupings continue to exist in the military , several of them also supporting various factions of the elite .
A right - wing option is also a real danger : a right - wing " general 's coup " , orchestrated by the ruthlessly Machiavellian secretary of national defence Norberto Gonzales .
Ultimately it is the deep divisions among the elite that drives the political crisis .
The left and the mass movement are still on the sidelines , monitoring developments , but in reactive mode .
If an election failure results in triggering the masses into action , this could break open the situation for the left .
A major challenge for the left continues to be its ability to force open the divisions amongst the elite .
Key to this is mobilising the masses for an anti-elite resolution to the crisis i.e. sustained , nationwide , mass protests drawing the urban poor , laboring masses and the middle classes onto the streets .
This needs to be based on calls that expose the true nature of the problem – the system of elite rule – and for a transitional government based on an alliance of the most consistent anti-Arroyo forces , which has as its main responsibility the clean up of the electoral and political system through fundamental reforms , before conducting credible elections .
[ Reihana Mohideen is from the international desk of the Partido Lakas ng Masa ( Power of the Labouring Masses Party .
This article first appeared at Reihana Mohideen 's website , Socialist Feminist .
It is part of a series on the May 10 , 2010 , Philippines election , which can be read HERE or at Socialist Feminist .
It has been posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with permission . ]
A TEAM of Australian designers is in line to revolutionise New York City 's iconic taxi service .
A futuristic electric taxi known as the Unicab is being considered for a lucrative commission to serve the Big Apple from 2014 , The Daily Telegraph reports .
The team behind the cutting - edge cab has made a pitch to supply the city with 26,500 taxis over 10 years as part of a major overhaul of New York 's yellow cab service .
Using a concept from Melbourne 's award - winning RMIT student designer Damian Lucaciu , the team grabbed ideas from clean - air experts and the NSW Disability Council 's founder Jacob Baldwin before coming up with a prototype that fits city officials ' long list of criteria .
The Australian design is one of five featured on New York 's Taxi of Tomorrow campaign website .
The city 's Taxi and Limousine Commission has been collecting proposals since December , dangling the promise of a monopoly to supply cars to one of the world 's most recognized cab fleets .
What do you think of the design ?
Tell us below .
The Unicab boasts open space , low floors , a ramp for the disabled and seats for up to seven passengers .
Renderings show the front passenger seat is spun around , letting a rider face friends as they rumble around the city .
And highly visible LED screens on the outside front windshield would inform potential passengers where the cab is headed and how many seats are available to facilitate ride - sharing .
New York City 's current cab fleet is served by 19 different vehicle models which are made by nine different manufacturers .
There are 13,000 taxis in the city at present , but the new supplier will be asked to make twice that number .
The company awarded the contract will make a fortune as it will be the sole cab supplier to the city for 10 years .
Taxi and Limousine Commissioner ( TLC ) David Yassky said those pitching for the job have to prove they have got the gear to make and support their design .
" The ' Taxi of Tomorrow ' sets a high bar for the vehicle that will carry us into the future , and it will challenge people to put their manufacturing know - how where their imagination is , " TLC commissioner David Lassy said .
City officials will pick the winner by October .
See more pictures of the design at The Daily Telegraph .
November 1 , 2007 — Patrick Zimmerman
Out of the Ground , Into the Light and Into the Sun
Frank Lloyd Wright ’s Annie Pfeiffer Chapel
The Early History : Florida Southern College
Florida Southern College was a small Methodist college snuggled down in the orange groves that bordered Lake Hollingsworth in Lakeland , Florida when the renowned architect Frank Lloyd Wright first visited the campus in 1938 .
There was no hint then among the scent of orange blossoms that the campus itself would one day blossom into Wright ’s “ Child of the Sun , ” the site of the single largest collection of buildings designed by America ’s foremost architect .
That Florida Southern College existed at all as a canvas upon which Wright could work his architectural magic was something of a wonder in itself .
Although the college traced its founding to 1883 in Orlando , it had moved frequently and was nearly forced to close its doors on a number of occasions .
It had moved from Orlando to Leesburg to Sutherland to Clearwater Beach and , ultimately , to Lakeland in 1922 .
It had weathered storms , fires , floods , flu epidemics , and economic depression .
It had survived several name changes over the years .
But due in large part to Ludd Spivey , who had been appointed president in 1925 , the college persevered .
This was the Florida Southern College that greeted Frank Lloyd Wright in 1938 , an institution with very little money , but which luckily had a president who dreamed big dreams .
Frank Lloyd Wright and Florida Southern College
Frank Lloyd Wright at Florida Southern
During a trip to Europe by Florida Southern College president Dr. Ludd Spivey in 1938 , he viewed a war memorial that inspired him to return to the U.S. with the vision of constructing a campus in the orange groves .
Even more inspiring to him was the autobiography of Frank Lloyd Wright .
When Dr. Spivey flew to Taliesin at Spring Green , he approached Wright with his dream saying , “ I have no money with which to build the modern American campus , but if you ’ll design the buildings , I ’ll work night and day to raise the means . ”
Wright was 67 years - old when he first visited Lakeland , Florida .
As he toured the orange grove area he envisioned the buildings rising “ out of the ground , into the light and into the sun . ”
His master plan called for 18 buildings using the following basic materials : steel for strength ; sand because it was native to Florida ; and glass to bring God ’s outdoors into man ’s indoors .
The first ground breaking ceremony was held may 24 , 1938 for the Annie Pfeiffer Chapel .
Dedication of the building took place March 9 , 1941 .
Following the completion of the Chapel , the three seminar units were built .
As word spread about Wright ’s creations , more and more people visited the campus to see his work .
In 1942 , ground was broken for the circular E.T. Roux Library , but steel and manpower shortages slowed the construction .
These first buildings ( Annie Pfeiffer Chapel , The Seminar Buildings , and the E.T. Roux Library ) were built with student labor .
Dr. Spivey arranged with the students that their tuition could be paid with manual assistance in the construction of the buildings .
Dedication for the Roux Library was held in 1945 .
Next up were the Emile E. Watson - Benjamin Fine Administration Buildings , the first to be built by an outside construction firm , followed by the J. Edgar Wall Waterdome in 1948 .
The construction of the 1.5 miles of esplanades began at the same time the first phase connecting the library and the administration building .
The Ordway Arts Building was next to be constructed and the esplanades were extended from the seminars to the Ordway Building and then back to the chapel , forming the quadrangle .
Danforth Chapel went up in the shadow of Annie Pfeiffer Chapel as the foundations were laid for the Polk County Science Building .
Wright Overseeing Work at the College
Wright visited the campus quite often during his twenty years of work at Florida Southern .
Lakeland residents would turn out to see him in his preferred attire , which often included a flowing cape , beret or pork pie hat , and his walking stick , but few would engage him in conversation .
Preservation Projects at the College
Jeffrey Baker is an architect who specializes in preservation , so it is no surprise that he gets excited about showing off the Annie Pfeiffer Chapel at Florida Southern College , which has hired him to create a preservation plan .
Designed by Frank Lloyd Wright , the high - sided , hexagonal chapel has a tower that Mr. Baker says is “ structurally incredibly complex , almost like origami in concrete . ”
But it is a surprise when he says the chapel is in good shape .
The fist - size holes in its crumbling exterior walls could easily make you think otherwise .
It turns out that what Mr. Baker means by “ good shape ” is that $ 2 - million “ would go a long way ” toward fixing the walls , undoing some ill - advised changes made over the years , and putting in a fully functional climate - control system .
As preservation price tags go , $ 2 - million is nothing ; Yale University just spent $ 44 - million on a 1953 Louis Kahn art museum .
The Annie Pfeiffer Chapel was dedicated in 1941 , the same year in which three other Wright buildings opened at Florida Southern ; it ended up with a dozen structures designed by Wright .
Florida Southern has the only college campus planned by Wright , who died in 1959 , as well as the largest single collection of Wright buildings anywhere , many of which were built in part by students working in return for tuition and board .
But today , for a liberal - arts college of about 1,900 students with a modest endowment , that ’s a mixed blessing .
Striking and historically important as they are , the Wright buildings present a long list of challenges : some have structural problems that can be traced to Wright ’s having relied on new and untested designs .
Many are too small for the college ’s current needs , and all have been hard to modernize affordably .
Bundles of data cables snake indecorously through holes drilled in the walls of Wright ’s compact seminar building , for instance , while the ventilation system added a few years ago to his science building disfigures its roof line so badly that you dare not imagine what the famously temperamental architect would have to say about it .
It was a great relief when the college received $ 195,000 from the Getty Foundation ’s Campus Heritage Grant program to create a preservation plan for the Wright buildings , and Mr. Baker has been hard at work on the details of repairs and renovations .
Anne B. Kerr , who has been Florida Southern ’s president for three years , says that while her first responsibility is to Florida Southern ’s students , faculty members , and educational mission , the college appreciates its role as conservator .
“ It seems to me to be very doable to raise money for Frank Lloyd Wright renovations , ” she says , adding that “ the deterioration is significant enough that if we do n’t do something now , ” at least some of the buildings will be in serious trouble .
In fact , last week the World Monuments Fund included the college ’s Wright buildings on its 2008 Watch List of 100 Most Endangered Sites .
Two preservation projects are already under way here .
One , paid for with a special $ 1.6 - million state appropriation , is the repair of a mile - and - a - half - long network of covered walkways , known as esplanades , that connect the Wright buildings .
The walkways ’ roofs cantilever out from concrete posts that Wright designed to recall the orange trees that previously grew in a grove on the site .
The posts ’ bases represent the trees ’ trunks , spreading shapes stand in for the branches , and precise incisions in the concrete call to mind the leaves .
The grid on which the Wright buildings are arranged was also inspired by the grove , in which trees were placed 18 feet apart .
Wright divided and subdivided that 18 - foot distance to come up with other important dimensions for campus structures , like the three - foot length and nine - inch height of the concrete blocks used in every building .
The grid and the posts were part of Wright ’s search for what he referred to as “ a real Florida form ” that would set a new standard for architecture in the state .
But Wright ’s esplanade design did not include expansion joints , and that has proven to be a problem .
The esplanades , Mr. Baker says , have created their own joints by cracking where they needed to , and at least one post failed altogether and had to be replaced .
Luckily , the college has kept all of Wright ’s concrete molds .
“ We have rooms filled with molds , ” he says .
The other current project is the restoration of Wright ’s “ water dome , ” a 90 - foot - diameter pool over which 74 jets were intended to make a dome of water 40 to 50 feet high .
Although previously the pumps were never able to create enough pressure to achieve the effect Wright sought , Mr. Baker says Wright “ saw it as the spiritual center or heartbeat of the campus — it was the focal point of the entire design . ”
The original pool has been excavated and has been fitted with new high - pressure jets .
Mr. Baker is also planning repairs for the Annie Pfieffer Chapel and several of Wright ’s other buildings here .
Like many Wright structures , the chapel has a number of innovative elements .
The wall blocks , for instance , have openings for colored glass shapes meant to pierce the wall with light .
But now the blocks , made on the campus by Florida Southern students , are causing trouble .
Because Wright wanted each block to lie flat on the block beneath it , with no mortar separating the two , iron rods were embedded in the walls to hold the blocks in place .
Unfortunately the process he specified for grouting around the iron rods did n’t really work , so when water got into the unmortared joints , the rods rusted and the blocks began cracking .
Another building in need of work opened in 1945 as the library .
It now houses offices and , in the circular former reading room , a visitors ’ center displaying concrete molds , uncomfortable - looking wooden furniture that Wright designed for the college , and other artifacts , including designs for as - yet - unbuilt Wright buildings .
Unfortunately , the structure has some sagging rafters and cracking walls , which Mr. Baker estimates will cost some $ 3.5 - million to fix .
Other Wright buildings here appear to be in better shape — a sprawling classroom building , a delightful set of administrative buildings designed on the residential scale that Wright excelled at , and the science complex .
But almost every room offers some hint of the tension between making Wright ’s buildings useful for 21st - century college students and preserving the architect ’s sometimes - idiosyncratic vision — here , modern light fixtures Wright would have loathed ; there , bold , polished ductwork that does its best to look stylish , even if it is not original .
“ I hold out a lot of hope for this campus , ” says Mr. Baker .
“ A lot of the original fabric is intact . ”
Indeed , the gem of the campus — the tiny William H. Danforth Chapel , which peers out from beneath some trees beside the Annie Pfeiffer Chapel — appears to be in almost perfect condition .
Movable pews designed by Wright and built by students are still in use , and climbing the narrow , angled stairway to Wright ’s little choir loft is unexpectedly thrilling .
A single piece of stained glass is missing from the big window behind the altar .
That , at least , is an easy repair .
Walkways : The Seminar Rooms
Frank Lloyd Wright ’s Buildings at Florida Southern College
Frank Lloyd Wright ’s Water Dome
Wright ’s Water Dome Finally Comes to Life
Jets of water shot sideways into the air last Thursday evening , rising about 45 feet before curving down and inward to meet in the center of a circular basin 160 feet in diameter .
Between the 75 or so powerful water jets , droplets of moisture created translucent , meshlike panels of water that became the water dome that architect Frank Lloyd Wright saw in his mind for Florida Southern College .
It was a moment that took 69 years and close to a million dollars to happen .
The Frank Lloyd Wright Water Dome is an innovation that Wright designed in the late 1930s , but it had never been turned on before because it did n’t have the financial or mechanical support needed to operate .
That changed this year .
Drawings were unearthed , the mechanics improved and the large fountain restored .
About 250,000 gallons of water fill a circular pool that ’s painted a green - tinged teal .
Contractors and subcontractors worked up to the last day putting the final touches on the fountain that FSC President Anne Kerr called Wright ’s “ inspired vision . ”
Frank Lloyd Wright ’s Water Dome Comes to Life
Readers can access a virtual walking tour of the Wright buildings on Florida Southern ’s campus here .
( Please Click Image to View Slide Show )
Interested readers can obtain online access to the complete 1910 Wasmuth Frank Lloyd Wright folios .
This was the first publication of Wright ’s work to appear anywhere in the world , since Wright had not published any of his work in his twenty previous years of activity in the United States .
Publication of his folios in Germany is said to have been the inspiration for founders of the important Bauhaus architectural movement , such as Ludwig Mies van der Rohe , Walter Gropius and Josef Albers .
Technorati : Frank Lloyd Wright , Bauhaus , Florida Southern College , Frank Lloyd Wright college buildings , campus buildings , Florida , celebrities , personalities , images , pictures , photos , photographs , photography , composer , composition , multimedia , multimedia composition , blog composition , art , architecture , gallery , photo gallery , slideshow , video , videos , WordPress video , photo - blog
Please Share
This :
New The­o­rem
How it Works
You press but­ton .
But­ton tell robot hand “ pull string , tilt cof­fee . ”
Cof­fee fall into sodi­um pol­yarcy­late , get absorbed into slush chunks .
Slush fall through scram­ble game - show thingy , get mixed up .
Cof­fee slush fall into math­e­mati­cian cup .
Math­e­mati­cian make the­o­rem .
Result record­ed . [ ]
We had Gary Shilling on TechTicker yesterday .
He 's still as bearish as ever :
A year ago , house prices finally stopped collapsing after two years of brutal declines .
Over the following few quarters , moreover , they actually rose .
This led many observers to conclude that the housing bottom had been reached and that we were headed for a v-shaped bounce .
Not Gary Shilling .
Gary Shilling , head of economic research firm A. Gary Shilling & Co. , thinks house prices still have another 10 % - 20 % to fall .
Just as bad , Gary thinks this fall will happen over the next three years , meaning that house prices wo n't bottom until 2013 .
Most people think prices have already bottomed , or will bottom later this year or next .
Why is Gary so bearish ?
Supply versus demand .
Basically , Gary says , we still have way too many houses relative to the number of people who want to buy them .
Consumers are under pressure , overloaded with debts and struggling to find work , and the mass - hallucination that investing in housing was a " sure thing " is now a distant memory .
These days , many would - be home buyers are moving in with relatives or downsizing or dumping second homes .
And the supply - demand balance is so out of whack , in Gary 's view , that even super - low interest rates wo n't keep prices afloat .
Tunisian given on - the - spot fine of €500 under terrorism laws in Novara , run by anti-immigration Northern League
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A Muslim woman in northern Italy has been given a € 500 ( £ 430 ) on - the - spot fine under anti-terrorism laws for wearing a face - covering burqa in public , according to reports .
In what is reported to be the first such case amid proposals for sanctions against traditional Islamic dress in a series of European countries , the 26 - year - old Tunisian woman was stopped by police in the city of Novara , a stronghold of the anti-immigration Northern League .
The woman was wearing a full - length burqa with a niqab - type veil covering all her face apart from her eyes .
She and her husband , both legal residents , were en route to Friday prayers when they were stopped by police for an identity check .
Some reports said the pair were inside a post office at the time , while others said they were standing near it .
The husband was able to produce papers for the couple , but he refused to allow the male officers to see his wife 's unveiled face to confirm her identity .
This was done when a female officer was called to the scene .
Although there was no problem with the couple 's status , the woman was fined €500 under a municipal ordinance introduced in January that bans clothing preventing easy identification of the wearer in public buildings .
The measure was introduced by Novara 's Northern League mayor , Massimo Giordano , Italy 's Ansa news agency reported .
It is based on a national anti-terrorism law passed in 1975 which was intended to prevent the wearing of masks or motorcycle helmets .
Some police spot checks were specifically aimed at stopping Muslim women from wearing face - covering garments , the town 's police chief , Paolo Cortese , told Ansa .
" Unfortunately it is apparently not yet clear to everyone that clothes preventing the wearer 's identification can be tolerated at home but not in public places , in schools , on buses or in post offices , " he said .
" There are still some people that refuse to understand that our community in Novara does not accept and does not want people going around wearing the burqa . "
According to the news agency , two other municipalities in northern Italy have issued anti-burqa rules based on the 1975 law .
The AFP news agency quoted police as saying they believed it was the first time a fine had been imposed .
The woman is permitted to appeal against the fine .
About one in 12 of Novara 's 100,000 - strong population are immigrants .
Very few Muslim woman in the town generally wear a niqab or burqa , according to police .
Last week , Belgium 's parliament voted to ban face - covering Islamic garments for women .
France is considering similar legislation .
Introduction
I 'm sure many of you are excited about today 's GNOME release and the release of Firefox 1.5 beta 1 . Kris and I decided to write Linux .
Ars sections about GNOME and Firefox customization in order to celebrate the releases .
In this edition of Linux .
Ars , Kris will teach you how to use command line build tools to construct a complete Firefox extension , I will teach you how to add context menu items to Nautilus using the Nautilus Actions extension , and Ian introduces an LDAP utility called Luma .
I want to personally thank those of you who sent me e-mails with comments and suggestions !
Linux .
Ars is all about you , so do n't be afraid to get involved !
Want to do a section for a future edition ?
Have a suggestion for a topic that you want us to write about ?
I would love some feedback .
Feel free to send me or post in the discussion thread comments , complaints , suggestions , requests , free hardware , death threats , or disparaging remarks about my assorted deficiencies .
Keep those comments coming !
Developers Corner
Developing Firefox Extensions with GNU / Linux
In '89 , an ancient Sumerian deity named Zuul razed downtown New York with her avatar , a flaming , Stay - puft Mallowzilla .
In related news , the aptly named " Mozilla Foundation " has released Firefox 1.5 Beta , a web browser built on an easily extended , cross- platform application framework called XUL ( pronounced " Zuul " ) .
In this article , I will provide insight into how to professionally develop a Firefox Extension with GNU / Linux .
For demonstration , I 'll develop an application called Stantz .
This article is directed to anybody who wants to extend Firefox .
Experience writing HTML , Javascript , and CSS should be all you need to understand XUL .
Some knowledge about the Linux command line and the Python programming language are desirable , but not necessary .
You may want to play with an Apache web server 's configuration , and experience handling a neutron accelerator pack would certainly help .
Thankfully , you wo n't need to build Mozilla and you wo n't have to compile any C or C ++.
What can you do with a Firefox Extension ?
Firefox extensions can modify the Firefox user interface .
This includes adding buttons to tool bars and menus ; changing fonts , colors , and icons ; capturing events in the client interface like page loads and clicks ; and modifying web pages after the browser loads them and before the user sees them .
All of this functionality comes with the aspect - oriented facility of overlays .
Extensions also have as much access to the file system as the user running Firefox .
Extensions can add protocol handlers , hooking actions to URLs like icq :// , aim :// , or stantz :// .
Extensions have UniversalXPConnect privileges , allowing them to harness any XPCOM component .
Firefox comes with a rich library of XPCOM components that permit your extension to drive very low - level functionality like sockets from Javascript .
You can also augment the XPCOM library with Firefox extensions by adding Javascript , linkable libraries , or XPIDL .
What can you do without a Firefox Extension ?
Any web page can be a rich application by using Ajax and even XUL .
Just as DHTML is the hip word for creatively applying HTML , Javascript , DOM , and CSS , Ajax is the hip word for what you could always do with DHTML , plus XMLHttpRequest .
Using XMLHttpRequest s , any web page can query a dynamically created web page and replace all or any part of a web page , for example , populating a selection box or updating a stock quote ticker .
Normal Javascript can dispatch XMLHttpRequest s. Also , XUL does not require any special privileges to render in Firefox .
Web pages can ask permission for UniversalXPConnect privileges and use any XPCOM components they like , but this permission only affects the function and thread that asks , rendering the exercise impractical .
When should you use a Firefox Extension ?
Only when you must .
Installation of a Firefox extension has a substantial " barrier of entry " since extensions require draconian permission from the user to deter the web 's criminal element from using them as a virus delivery platform .
Here follows stantz.xpi
Starting from the top , the vibrant denizens of the web will install Stantz by clicking on a link to stantz.xpi , a cross platform installer , pronounced " zippy . "
XPI files are no more complicated than a way to organize a common zip archive .
Broadly , stantz.xpi has the following structure :
stantz.xpi
install.rdf is an XML file that contains information about the Stantz application .
chrome .
manifest is a flat text file that directs Firefox to use the overlays , stylesheets and locales Stantz provides , as applicable .
chrome / stantz .jar contains all of the files that will appear on the chrome :// URL .
components / contains any XPCOM components that Stantz provides .
defaults / contains a default preferences file .
Creating extensions for growing applications , of course , requires some scaffolding to support agéd versions .
The new , 1.5 release of Firefox , code named Deer Park , supports the plain text chrome .
manifest format for declaring where your extension 's overlays , locales , and skins are .
Firefox 1.0 requires bulky contents.rdf files in content / , locale / , and skin/ , as applicable .
Very early releases of Firefox and the Mozilla Suite require an install.js script instead of an install.rdf , but that is beyond the scope of this article .
Stantz will support all browsers that use install.rdf and chrome .
manifest or **/contents.rdf .
Anybody can publish their Firefox extension at https://addons.mozilla.org/.
This avoids quite a bit of hassle on your part and your users ' .
However , I intend to publish Stantz on my own web server .
If you plan to do the same , you will need to add a MIME type to your apache configuration .
While this may be possible with a .htaccess file , it is this developer 's experience that this does not work , so you will need root access on your distribution server .
My server 's configuration allows me to add mini configuration files in /etc / apache2 / conf.d , so I 've added xpi.conf to enable XPI .
Without this line , the client browsers will not recognize the file as an installer .
/etc/apache2/conf.d/xpi.conf
AddType application / x- xpinstall .xpi
Here Follows chrome/stantz.jar
chrome / stantz .jar is a zip archive , as well .
Per the instructions in chrome .
manifest and contents.rdf files , Firefox will map directories in chrome / stantz .jar to chrome :// URL's .
The chrome :// protocol provides access to all of Firefox 's internal user interface and that of all installed extensions .
For example the XUL file , chrome:// browser / content/browser.xul , defines Firefox 's main interface window .
You can unpack this file from your Firefox installation directory ( perhaps / usr / lib / mozilla - firefox ) .
The archive , chrome / browser .jar , contains the browser interface file , content / browser / browser.xul .
chrome/ stantz.jar
content / will contain your XUL and Javascript .
It may also contain any other " content " your extension will need .
Agile developers , hackers , and academics who have lost their grant money and have a penchant for entrepreneurship will be inclined to , at least at first , write all of the user - readable text in their native language and put all of their images and style sheets in the content section as well .
However , Firefox is a pro-social platform and provides easy means for locales and skins .
The skin / directory will contain images and style sheets that define the appearance of your user interface .
locale / will contain a directory for each language and locale your extension supports .
Supporting these facilities makes it easy for you , or other extension developers , to tailor your extension 's functionality to their favorite language and appearance using overlays .
The project directory , stantz /
Your project should be laid out with all of the directories that will appear in the chrome jar and the installer xpi .
If you are publishing this project on your own , you should also have a www / directory .
stantz /
For this project , I used a Subversion repository .
You can use svn if you choose , or you could go with the very capable Concurrent Version System , CVS .
My own preference is for Subversion , so the tutorial is Subversion - centric ; as always , your mileage may vary .
While managing a Subversion repository is beyond the scope of this article , Stantz 's publish script makes use of svn commands to version stantz.xpi and update.rdf .
Even if you work alone , a version management system provides a very big " Undo " button for your entire project that will remember how your project looked every time you committed changes .
To get you started , here are some Subversion commands you will need .
svnadmin create / svn / stantz # done once to create the repository svn co file :// svn/stantz # done once to obtain a " working copy " cd stantz # a typical session svn up # done before you start working to acquire the most recent changes svn stat # see what files have changed since you last updated svn ci -m " Fixed bug 0 " # to " check in " or commit changes # when you 're done and everything works
Here 's the entire layout for Stantz .
stantz /
Build scripts generate the files denoted in bold .
You should not add these files to your version management system .
Download the PDF
( This feature for Premier subscribers only . )
