Fuel-Economy.co.uk
home » Best cars for MPG
Best cars for MPG
Please Note that this information is not exhaustive , and some makes and models may be missing .
The data is derived from official tests , but may not accurately resemble what your vehicle is capable of in day to day use .
The data used here was last updated in May 2006 , and is available in a raw format at the that this information is not exhaustive , and some makes and models may be missing .
The data is derived from official tests , but may not accurately resemble what your vehicle is capable of in day to day use .
The data used here was last updated in May 2006 , and is available in a raw format at the VCA car fuel data website
Average Fuel Economy of all UK Cars
Urban MPG Extra Urban MPG Combined MPG 28.225 47.327 37.837
Most Fuel Efficient Cars
Manufacturer Model Specification Fuel Type Transmission Combined MPG VED Band HONDA Insight Insight Petrol Hybrid M5 83.10 A CITROEN C2 1.4 HDi Diesel M5 68.90 B CITROEN C1 1.4 HDi Diesel M5 68.90 B RENAULT Clio 1.5 dCi 80 Diesel M5 67.30 B CITROEN C2 1.4 HDi SensoDrive Diesel A5 67.30 B CITROEN C3 1.4 HDi Diesel M5 67.30 B RENAULT Clio 1.5 dCi 100 Diesel M5 65.80 B RENAULT Clio 1.5 dCi 65 Diesel M5 65.80 B CITROEN C2 1.4 HDi Diesel M5 65.70 B TOYOTA Prius 1.5 VVT - i Hybrid Petrol Hybrid E-CVT 65.70 B
Most Fuel Efficient Petrol Cars
Manufacturer Model Specification Transmission Combined MPG VED
Band smart roadster 80 bhp ( 205 tyres ) A6 55.80 C TOYOTA Aygo 1.0 VVT - i 3 & 5 - door Multi5 51.40 B TOYOTA Aygo 1.0 VVT - i 3 & 5 - door M5 51.40 B CITROEN C1 1.0i M5 51.40 B PEUGEOT 107 1.0 ( 65 bhp ) M5 51.30 B PEUGEOT 107 1.0 ( 65 bhp ) A5 51.30 B smart fortwo coupe 61 bhp 175 rear tyres SM6 47.10 B smart fortwo coupe 50 bhp 175 rear tyres SM6 47.10 B smart fortwo cabrio 61 bhp 175 rear tyres SM6 47.10 B DAIHATSU Charade L251 1.0L EFi M5 47.10 B
A lot of people have often asked " what is the most fuel efficient car I can buy ? " .
Its a good question and it varies on a lot of things , but we here at fuel - economy .
co.uk have had a rummage around in the database and have come up with some interesting results .
Remember that if you are interested in seeing details for any car in the database , have a look at the Whats my MPG ?
page where you can do as many lookups as you want .
Just out of interest we thought we'd have a look at the average fuel efficiency of all UK cars available today ( that we have in the database anyway ) .
We were mildly suprised about these figures ; we were expecting a higher figure for the urban cycle , and a lower figure for the extra urban cycle , especially considering that the database contains details for all those fuel hungry vehicles like Ferarris !
This table shows the top 10 most fuel efficient cars that you can get in the UK today , based on their Combined fuel efficiency figure .
Unsuprisingly , diesel superminis are dominating the top positions .
What we thought was fairly interesting was that the Toyota Prius - long hailed as the defacto " green " car - just scrapes into our list at 10th place !
However , to be fair on the Prius 's electric benefits when we look at only the urban cycle ( not shown here ) the Prius comes in in 4th place , behind the Insight , and C3 and C2 1.4 HDI SensoDrives .
All this leads us to one question - when are the car manufacturers going to start making a hybrid diesel supermini ?
Ok so even though we 've just seen that the Diesel supermini is where you need to be looking if you are after the best fuel economy possible , not everyone wants a diesel because frankly - despite all the leaps and bounds that have been made with diesels over these past few years - they are n't sexy !
And not everyone can afford a petrol hybrid like the Honda Insight or Toyota Prius either .
As such , we 've broken the results down to show the top 10 petrol cars .
As you can see superminis dominate again , but even the most fuel efficient petrol car in the database has a combined MPG figure about a fifth lower than the 10th placed diesel .
The $ 9.57 is the monthly service charge .
Note that there are NO charges for kilowatt hours because our solar arrays generated more than we used , even late in the Vermont winter .
It looks above as if our beginning and ending meter readings were the same ; but , I suspect , that ’s because the billing software can’t deal with a meter running backwards .
The arrays are now tilted down to their spring position and it ’s clear that we ’ll be in surplus on a full year basis since we ’ll be generating more per day and using less as the days continue to get longer and the sun higher .
In Vermont you ca n’t carry a credit forward more than a year so it ’s time to think of ways to use some of that “ surplus ” electricity and displace some imported fossil fuel .
Plan is to go to geothermal heat .
This uses electricity four times as efficiently as electric radiant heat .
Hopefully we can do that by next winter .
Savings ’ll be lots of oil which I think comes mainly from Venezuela at our location .
The geothermal heat will also provide domestic hot water .
Otherwise we ’d switch that to electric .
Currently the oil furnace is heating that which means it has to be on all summer .
Now feel a little guilty when I use my gas grill since I could be “ using the sun ” to cook electrically .
In the future hope to be charging a car with some of this solar power .
But plugin hybrids are n’t available yet .
“ This is what you say if you want to be McCain ’s choice for Vice President .
It is not what you say if you are running for the Democratic nomination . ”
“ I think that I have a lifetime of experience that I will bring to the White House .
I know Senator McCain has a lifetime of experience to the White House .
And Senator Obama has a speech he gave in 2002 , ” Clinton says .
John Aravosis
Follow me on Twitter : @aravosis | @americablog | @americabloggay | Facebook | Instagram | Google + | LinkedIn . John Aravosis is the Executive Editor of AMERICAblog , which he founded in 2004 .
He has a joint law degree ( JD ) and masters in Foreign Service from Georgetown ; and has worked in the US Senate , World Bank , Children 's Defense Fund , the United Nations Development Programme , and as a stringer for the Economist .
He is a frequent TV pundit , having appeared on the O'Reilly Factor , Hardball , World News Tonight , Nightline , AM Joy & Reliable Sources , among others .
John lives in Washington , DC .
John 's article archive .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - A young Canadian prisoner held at Guantanamo said in legal documents that U.S. interrogators repeatedly threatened to rape him and Canadian government visitors told him they were powerless to do anything .
Omar Khadr is seen in this undated family portrait .
Khadr , a young Canadian prisoner held at Guantanamo , said in legal documents that U.S. interrogators repeatedly threatened to rape him and Canadian government visitors told him they were powerless to do anything .
REUTERS / Handout / Files
The claims were part of an affidavit sworn by Omar Khadr , 21 , who is charged in the Guantanamo war court with murdering a U.S. soldier with a grenade during a firefight in Afghanistan when Khadr was 15 .
Khadr has long claimed he was abused by American interrogators in Bagram , Afghanistan , after his capture in July 2002 and at the Guantanamo Bay U.S. Naval base in Cuba , where he was taken a few months later .
The previously undisclosed allegations of the rape threats were part of a nine - page affidavit released by the U.S. military on Wednesday , with some of the names and details blacked out .
“ On several occasions at Bagram , interrogators threatened to have me raped , or sent to other countries like Egypt , Syria , Jordan or Israel to be raped , ” Khadr said in the document .
He said interrogators told him at one point that the Egyptians wound send “ Soldier No. 9 ” to rape him .
Khadr was shot twice in the back and suffered shrapnel wounds in the eye during the battle that led to his capture at a suspected al Qaeda compound .
After treatment at a field hospital , he was taken to a prison in Bagram , where he was hooded , threatened him with barking dogs and had water thrown on him , he said in the document .
Khadr said he was often shackled for hours during interrogations and denied use of a bathroom , forcing him to urinate on himself .
FLOOR CLEANING
“ While my wounds were still healing , interrogators made me clean the floors on my hands and knees .
They woke me up in the middle of the night after midnight and made me clean the floor with a brush and dry it with towels until dawn , carry heavy buckets of water , ” he said .
Later at Guantanamo , Khadr said an Afghan with a U.S. flag on his pants threatened to send him back to Afghanistan unless he cooperated , telling him : “ They like small boys in Afghanistan . ”
Khadr said he gave “ answers that made interrogators happy ” to protect himself from further harm , but the information was untrue .
The U.S. military has said captives at Guantanamo are treated humanely and that claims of abuse are an al Qaeda tactic .
They have confirmed that Canadian government representatives visited Khadr at Guantanamo .
During one such visit in 2003 , Khadr said , he complained about his treatment and a man claiming to be a Canadian government representative told him :
“ ‘ The U.S. and Canada are like an elephant and an ant sleeping in the same bed ’ and there was nothing the Canadian government could do against the power of the U.S. ”
Khadr is charged with murdering U.S. Army Sgt. Christopher Speer and injuring other American soldiers with a grenade during the firefight .
He is also charged with attempted murder , providing material support for terrorism and conspiring with al Qaeda .
He could face life in prison if convicted .
He was scheduled to go to trial in May in the Guantanamo tribunal created by the Bush administration to try suspected terrorists .
But a judge last week postponed the trial indefinitely to allow military defense lawyers more time to receive and review evidence they accused prosecutors of withholding .
From Wired ’s Threat Level blog :
Federal agents at the border do not need any reason to search through travelers ’ laptops , cell phones or digital cameras for evidence of crimes , a federal appeals court ruled Monday , extending the government ’s power to look through belongings like suitcases at the border to electronics .
Lets say you are coming back from a vacation in Europe .
Well , US border agents without a warrant , and for no reason at all , can take your laptop , camera and cell phone and do with them what they please – read all your emails , go through your writing , even loop through your tax returns without any evidence you committed a crime .
We move closer to 1984 everyday .
This is the twelfth post in a series about living Ben Franklin ’s 13 virtues .
CHASTITY .
Rarely use venery but for health or offspring , never to dullness , weakness , or the injury of your own or another ’s peace or reputation .
Editor ’s Note : Before we get to the post , allow me to head off the would be commenter , who , thinking himself beyond clever , posts something akin to “ Benjamin Franklin was n’t chaste !
He was a womanizer ! ”
In truth , this bit of popular knowledge has been greatly exaggerated .
Please see here and here .
Also , as we have mentioned time and time again , Franklin openly admitted that he did not live the virtues perfectly .
But he felt he was a far better man for having made the attempt to do so .
Living the virtuous life does n’t not mean attaining perfection , but striving to improve oneself .
Ahhh , chastity .
A word that can make teenagers blush and grown men cringe .
A word that conjures up thoughts of medieval belts , “ true love waits ” pledge cards , and ranting preachers .
Many believe the concept of chastity has no place in a modern , enlightened society .
Indeed , in many ways the virtue of chastity is the most difficult to write about .
Unlike the other virtues , it is hard to define chastity apart from its relationship to religious beliefs .
Yet , while the precise definition of chastity will vary from man to man , there are aspects of this virtue that all men , regardless of belief system , should aspire to .
In today ’s sexualized society , promoting chastity is seen as prudish and old fashioned .
In the eyes of many , promoting chastity on a men ’s site will be seen as almost contradictory .
Is n’t manliness all about the notches on your bedpost of the women you have conquered ?
We propose that manly sexuality should n’t be about the number of women a man beds ; rather , it should be about focusing one ’s sexuality in meaningful relationships .
Sex as a Consumer Good
Sex , it seems , is everywhere .
It pops up in every nook and cranny of our day to day lives .
We see sex on our television , in our magazines , and on our computers .
It is used to sell everything from shampoo to jeans .
While once viewed as a sacred mystery , today it has become just another consumer product that can be bought or sold .
Sure , people have sold sex since the beginning of history ( they do n’t call prostitution the oldest profession for nothing ) .
What ’s different now is that the very idea of sex has been commercialized and in the process cheapened .
People today approach sex just as they would approach buying a widget .
The focus is on YOUR satisfaction and YOUR pleasure .
A man thus fantasizes about his next “ purchase . ”
After that hook - up gives him the pleasure he was seeking , he shops around until he finds another person that can satisfy the urge .
When he gets tired of that woman or he sees a better and higher end model , he trades - in that person and goes after the upgrade .
The problem is that people are n’t things ; they ’re , well , people .
They have hopes , dreams , feelings , and aspirations just like you do .
The Problem with the Hook - Up Culture
On college campuses hooking - up has replaced dating .
Guys seldom ask girls on out real dates : outings they have planned ahead of time and which involve just the two of them .
And they even less frequently ask that girl to be their girlfriend and enter into monogamous relationships .
Instead women and men hook up at bars , Greek houses , and parties .
They have their way with each other and then hope never to have a run-in around campus .
College is seen as the time to sow one ’s wild oats before settling down at some yet to be determined , but definitively far off time .
While many ( maybe most ? ) men see all this as harmless fun , the reality is that there are negative consequences to these hit and run sexual encounters .
In truth , “ casual sex ” is an oxymoron ; there is no such thing .
While for some men , sex is just another recreational activity like going to a baseball game , in reality sex is a powerful part of the human experience .
Whether you are religious or not , it is wrong to strip sex of any kind of sacredness .
The reason sex feels so fantastic is biological propagation insurance ; after shooting wooly mammoths and pulling up roots all day , the human race needed a push to overcome the tiredness , get jiggy with it , and perpetuate the human race .
Sex is not just erotic and hot , it ’s the way in which human life is created .
Regardless of how you think the human race came to be , the creation of life is surely imbued with power and mystery .
Whether you want it to be or not , sex forms a union between you and the woman you are with .
It ’s the joining of two bodies together .
Powerful hormones and feelings are released when you have sex .
Evolution set up these feelings with the intention of bringing two people together to care for a new human life .
It ’s ridiculous to unite with a woman in this powerful coupling and then change partners like you ’re changing a shirt .
Even if you would n’t use the word “ sacred ” with “ sex , ” it should at least be seen as “ special . ”
Keeping it special means placing some boundaries around it .
The extent of these boundaries will vary from man to man .
But there are real reasons for not diluting it beyond measure :
Cheap Sex is Crap Sex .
Sex is pretty much the most vulnerable thing you can do .
You ’re totally naked , worried about your performance , and not to be crude , but sticking your body part into another person .
Good sex therefore involves a lot of trust .
A trust born of real love and intimacy .
The kind of intimacy born of late night conversations , dinner dates , fights , and reconciliations .
If you ’re having sex with someone you do n’t love , you ’re simply using them as tool for your pleasure .
You might as well be doing it with an inflatable doll .
The more you are in love with someone , the more fantastic sex is .
The more commonplace sex becomes , the less spectacular it will be .
This is the “ dullness ” Ben was referring to .
Casual Sex Disrespects Women .
Even if you can get your jollies from a one night stand , no strings attached , that does n’t mean your partner feels the same way .
While you may be in it for the good time , the woman you hook - up with may develop feelings for you .
I know there are woman who have no problem with random flings .
But I also know more women who want to believe they ’re down with hooking - up but feel hurt afterwards .
I knew a lot of women in college who had random hook - ups , after which the guys did n’t call , and who suffered from bouts of depression and angst .
They never connected the dots , but I have no doubt there was a correlation .
And yes , this goes for guys too .
You might hook - up with a girl who ’s just leading you on , and get your heart crushed when you realize you ’ve been played .
Wait until your relationship is committed before being intimate .
Casual Sex Does n’t Prepare
You for Sex in a Real Relationship .
Those who encourage men to have multiple sexual partners , argue that if you only have sex with a few , or heaven forbid , just one , sexual partner , you wo n’t know what kind of stuff you like and how to please the partner you finally do settle down with .
On VH1 ’s recent documentary on sex , Woody Allen compares this to getting your driver ’s license without having a learner ’s permit .
But casual sex is ill preparation for the monogamous variety .
Good sex requires communication and a willingness to sometimes delay one ’s pleasure for your partner ’s benefit .
But casual sex involves little communication and little incentive to maximize your partner ’s pleasure .
Sure , you want to show her a good time .
But you ’re mostly focused on getting off yourself , and hey , you ’re never going to see this woman again , so if it ’s so - so for her , who cares ?
Related to this , is the argument people make for not saving sex for marriage .
Now I know this definition of chastity is not embraced by many men .
But those who do embrace it are often berated for choosing a life partner without knowing if the two of you are sexually compatible .
I think this argument is total bunk .
While it makes sense theoretically , how would it play out practically ?
Does this mean that if a man is totally in love with a woman , and then they have sex and it ’s awkward , he would kick her to the curb and scrap the whole relationship ?
I have honestly never seen this actually happen .
Hey , here ’s a novel idea :
How about if two people are sexually incompatible they work on their communication , maybe even go to therapy together ?
Pretty mind blowing , huh ?
There are plenty of good reasons to delay your intimacy .
Furthermore , as my friend Dave is fond of saying , “ Sex is like ice cream .
The more flavors you sample , the harder it becomes to settle on one flavor for the rest of your life .
Be sure to listen to our podcast on what ’s causing our modern “ sex recession ” :
Related Articles
Tags : virtues
Dear Politics - Maniac !
Welcome to this new blog of the Department of International History and Politics ( HPI ) at the Graduate Institute , Geneva !
It is a discussion forum on contemporary political issues and historical issues of contemporary relevance .
We welcome contributions to the blog in the form of comments , documents , links , photos , etc to advance meaningful awareness and discussion of contemporary issues , or sometimes simply to vent our opinions on matters that touch us all .
There will also be a book review section , as well as polls and blogroll ( links to other interesting blogs about history ) .
The blog will be moderated in the first months by Zeynep Capan ( PhD ) and Willem Oosterveld ( PhD ) .
As the blog develops , we would like to have an editorial board with more members .
You are already welcome to join !
Of course , suggestions for improving the blog or to make it more attractive and user - friendly are also welcome .
If the blog proves popular , it could be extended by adding new forums on other topics , for instance focusing on academic research in history or career prospects for newly graduated history students .
If you would like to write commentaries about your favorite topics on the HPI blog , please send short articles ( not more than 400 words ) to the editors at : (
hpi.geneva@gmail.com
Since the reporting of the so - called " hobbit " fossil from the island of Flores in Indonesia , debate has raged as to whether these remains are of modern humans ( Homo sapiens ) , reduced , for some reason , in stature , or whether they represent a new species , Homo floresiensis .
Lee Berger and colleagues from the University of the Witwatersrand , Rutgers University and Duke University , describe the fossils of small - bodied humans from the Micronesian island of Palau .
These people inhabited the island between 1400 and 3000 years ago and share some -- although not all -- features with the H. floresiensis specimens .
Palau is situated in the Western Caroline Islands and consists of a main island of Babeldaob , with hundreds of smaller rock islands to the south west , colloquially known as the ' ' rock islands . "
These rock islands contain caves and rock shelters , in many of which , fossilized and subfossilized human remains have been found .
The specimens described by Berger and colleagues came from two such caves , Ucheliungs and Omedokel , which appear to have been used as burial sites .
In both caves , they found skeletons of individuals who would have been small even relative to other such populations and are approximately the size of H. floresiensis or small members of the genus Australopithecus .
These fossils were radiocarbon dated to between 1410 and 2890 years ago .
The entrance to Omedokel cave also contained the remains of larger individuals dated to between 940 and 1080 years ago .
These two caves have provided and will continue to provide a wealth of specimens , which will need more intensive study .
However , preliminary analysis of more than a dozen individuals including a male who would have weighed around 43 kg and a female of 29 kg , show that these small - bodied people had many craniofacial features considered unique to H. sapiens .
These include : a distinct maxillary canine fossa , a clearly delimited mandibular mental trigone ( in most specimens ) , moderate bossing of the frontal and parietal squama , a lateral prominence on the temporal mastoid process , reduced temporal juxtamastoid eminences and an en maison cranial vault profile with the greatest interparietal breadth high on the vault .
Thus , these individuals are likely to be from a human population who acquired reduced stature , for some reason .
It is well established that populations living on isolated islands often consist of individuals of smaller stature than their mainland cousins -- a phenomenon known as island dwarfism .
This is true not just for humans but for many animals including extinct mammoths and elephants from islands off Siberia , California and even in the Mediterranean .
Alternatively , the island may have been colonized by a few small individuals , between 3,000 and 4,000 years ago who , through extensive inbreeding , and other environmental drivers , produced a small - bodied population , which continued to inhabit Palau until at least 1400 years ago .
As well as having characteristics of H. sapiens , the Palau fossils also have features seen in H. floresiensis , such as their small bodies and faces , pronounced supraorbital tori , non-projecting chins , relative megadontia , expansion of the occlusal surface of the premolars , rotation of teeth within the maxilla and mandible , and dental agenesis .
Berger and colleagues do not infer from these features any direct relationship between the peoples of Palau and Flores ; however , these observations do suggest that at least some of the features which have been taken as evidence that the Flores individuals are members of a separate species , may be a common adaptation in humans of reduced stature .
Detailed analysis of the Palau specimens is unlikely to settle arguments over the status of H. floresiensis as there are features of Flores man , such as small brain size , not found in the people of Palau .
Nevertheless , they do suggest that at least some of the unusual features seen in Flores are a result of environment rather than ancestral heritage .
Above all , the skeletons from Palau should greatly increase our understanding of the process of island dwarfism in human populations and of the ancient colonizations of Oceania .
Citation : Berger LR , Churchill SE , De Klerk B , Quinn RL ( 2008 ) Small - Bodied Humans from Palau , Micronesia .
PLoS One 3 ( 3 ) : e1780 .
doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0001780
http://www.plosone.org/doi/pone.0001780
This study funded by the National Geographic Society Mission Programs .
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
Is there an atheist or freethinking group in your area ?
Put them here , along with any additional information .
You can even create a link to a dedicated page on FTP for your group by putting the group name in double brackets , clicking on that name and editing the subsequent page .
Internet - only groups should be listed here : Freethought - Oriented Groups
Groups by state
Alabama
Arkansas
Arkansas Society of Freethinkers - based out of Little Rock : " Our gatherings are a great place to exchange information , ideas and life experiences .
We know being an Freethinker in the Bible Belt is a lonely life and we'd like to make life a little less lonely for all of us .
We are a peaceful group of freethinking individuals that enjoy getting together for a god - free , good time !
Most of our members are recovering Christians .
Membership is open to anyone who has no belief in any god .
We meet the 1st Tuesday of each month at Vinos Pub in Little Rock from 7 pm -? for social time .
If you are into lively discussions , interesting people , provocative ideas , challenging conversation ; if you like people who make you think and let you talk , if you ’d like to get to know your fellow atheists better , what they 're really like with no pretensions , no censorship , no affectations , this is the place for you .
And we meet the 3rd or 4th Sunday of every month ( check the calendar for the exact date . ) from 1:30 PM to 4:30 PM at the main branch of the Little Rock Library for a thought provoking discussion group .
All Atheist friendly people are invited but no proselytizing allowed . "
California
Colorado
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Louisiana
Massachusetts / Rhode Island
Michigan
Mississippi
Missouri
Nebraska
New York
Ohio
Oklahoma
Pennsylvania
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Washington
Wisconsin
American national freethought organizations
European freethought organizations
Britain
France
Germany
Switzerland
Internet groups
Protestant , Catholic and Jewish Clergy Speak Out Against The War on Drugs
View this 10 - minute video at :
www.idpi.us/clergy_dvd
" One of the reasons that we as religious leaders need to speak out against it is because we share responsibility for it . "
 REV .
SCOTT RICHARDSON , Dean , St. Paul 's Episcopal Cathedral , San Diego
" There has to be a complete reconsideration of what law enforcement represents in our community ...
I ’m convinced that it would be a totally different world if that adversarial relationship did not exist between law enforcement and the young people of this country . "
 REV .
EDWIN SANDERS , Senior Pastor , Metropolitan Interdenominational , Nashville
" With the mandatory sentences you do n’t need a judge or a jury .
All you need is a clerk to come in and weigh the drugs ...
[ T ] he whole drug policy and those laws need to be repealed . "
 SISTER MARION DEFEIS , Catholic prison chaplain ( ret . )
" We know we have a drug problem [ but ] war is definitely not the answer ...
The reality is ... this drug war has put more armaments on our streets . "
 EDDIE LOPEZ , Former United Methodist Pastor , New York
" I would say that the war on drugs has caused as much devastation to communities around this country , particularly low income communities , as the drugs themselves . "
 RABBI MICHAEL FEINBERG , Exec. Dir. , Greater New York Labor - Religion Coalition
Washington
On Tuesday Hillary Clinton made the best speech of her campaign .
She told the American Society of Newspaper Editors how she conceives " the power and promise of the presidency . "
She asserted that President Bush had been " unready " for the office , did not understand its " constitutional character , " exhibited in his decisions an " ideological disdain . "
She said she hopes to " restore balance and purpose " to the presidency , and detailed specific actions she would take immediately on entering the White House .
It ...
LONDON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey said on Friday he hoped Guantanamo prisoners charged in the September 11 attacks would not receive the death penalty , even though capital punishment would be fitting .
U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey addresses the media in Ankara February 15 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Umit Bektas
His comments were swiftly denounced by a defense attorney for one of the accused and by Amnesty International , who said they could prejudice the case .
“ It ’s extremely disturbing , ” said Larry Cox , executive director of Amnesty International USA .
“ You have the highest - ranking law enforcement official in the country indicating that he thinks they are guilty . ”
Speaking at the London School of Economics , Mukasey said the death penalty would allow the six accused in the attacks on New York and Washington , including the self - confessed commander of al Qaeda ’s foreign military operations , to portray themselves as victims .
“ I hope they do n’t get the death penalty -- they would see themselves as martyrs , ” Mukasey said in response to questions at a talk on Anglo - American law enforcement .
Military prosecutors are seeking to execute the men if they are convicted , although the “ convening authority ” overseeing the case has yet to decide whether to accept it and whether those charged would be eligible for the death penalty .
The accused are being held at the U.S. detention center for terrorism suspects on Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
Charges are now pending against of 13 of the center ’s more than 275 prisoners .
The Pentagon is trying to move the Guantanamo trials along before the end of the Bush administration in January .
Human rights groups call the proceedings a farce , as detainees do not have legal rights normally accorded to U.S. citizens and prisoners of war .
Pakistani Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and five others are charged with crimes including murder , conspiracy and terrorism for the attacks that killed around 3,000 people in 2001 .
‘ POSTER CHILDREN ’
If the men were to receive the death penalty , it would at least be a fitting punishment , Mukasey said .
“ If those are not poster children for the death penalty , I do n’t know what is , ” he said .
Mukasey said the military commissions that would try the men are run by the Defense Department and not his Justice Department , which is , however , assisting the prosecution .
He said he was giving his personal opinion in hoping the September 11 accused would escape the death penalty .
“ Many of them want to be martyrs and it ’s kind of like the conversation , you know , between the sadist and the masochist .
The masochist says hit me and the sadist says no , so I am kind of hoping they do n’t get it , ” he said .
Army Lt. Col. Bryan Broyles , a military lawyer assigned to defend Mohammed al - Qahtani , one of the six current death penalty cases at Guantanamo , said the case was already tainted by suspected U.S. abuse of Qahtani .
He added that it was improper for Mukasey to comment .
“ I appreciate him being on my side on the death penalty thing , but I do n’t need his help , ” Broyles said .
The Pentagon declined to comment .
Qahtani , whom U.S. authorities believe was intended to be one of the September 11 hijackers , was reported while in custody to be ordered to bark like a dog or stand nude and be draped with pictures of scantily clad women .
Cox said Mukasey ’s remarks fit a disturbing Bush administration pattern .
“ So much for the presumption of innocence , ” he said .
“ We have adopted a theory where people are first presumed to be guilty , and then we feel that we do n’t need to give them the kind of protections that real justice demands .
Now we have discussions on whether we are going to kill them or not before the trial is over . ”
I ’ve received a couple of e-mails on this clip , which brings up many issues at once .
A Fox News co-host begins to cry when one of the mothers from the FLDS compound describes how federal agents removed her handicapped 5 - year - old son from the El Dorado site and refused to release him back to her , even after explaining the necessary care he needs .
Take a look for yourself :
This reminds me a little of a critical subplot in Broadcast News , the 1980s movie about telejournalism and the slipping standards of reporting .
William
Hurt ’s character cries during a broadcast , and later we find out that it was n’t exactly an honest response .
Even if this was entirely authentic , and there is n’t any reason to suspect it is n’t , is it really appropriate for a news presenter to weep on camera when hosting an interview ?
It is n’t just an academic question .
The FLDS sect stands accused of some pretty heinous child - abuse crimes .
If those charges are substantiated , then the women
Fox interviewed are either complicit in those crimes or brainwashed by sect leaders .
A little emotional distance would seem more appropriate than to act out in the manner shown here , which biases the presentation rather strongly in favor of the women .
The show ’s producers brief their hosts on the subjects that will arise in the interview , and someone at Fox should have determined whether the host should have been reassigned .
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Spider silk is strong , elastic and biodegradable A device that partially mimics the process by which spiders produce fine , yet super - strong , silks has been built .
It could help produce a new generation of tough , lightweight materials for use in medical equipment , for example .
A simple method for manufacturing strands of artificial gossamer has long been coveted as - weight for weight - it is five times stronger than steel .
Writing in the journal PNAS , the German team says their work sheds light on how spiders produce their unique materials .
" We can observe the initial steps of fibre formation , which was not possible before , " explained Sebastian Rammensee of the Technical University of Munich and one of the authors of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Science 's paper .
" Now we can better understand how the processing conditions affect the quality of the silk . "
Despite years of research , scientists have been unable to produce useful quantities of artificial spider silk .
Large puzzle Spiders make their silk naturally as water - soluble proteins which are secreted from cells .
These solutions are forced through tiny holes in their body - known as a spinneret - which extrude the thread .
The device allows precise control of the levels of proteins and salts
To mimic this process , the team manufactured two genetically - engineered spider silk proteins using bacteria .
These were fed into a device that consists of three channels etched into glass .
" The protein is introduced from one channel and from the two other channels salt solutions are introduced , " explained Mr Rammensee .
The salt causes the proteins to clump together , which are then forced down a narrow channel that extrudes the mixture as a fibre .
The team extruded different grades of fibre using different combinations of proteins and salts .
However , according to Professor Fritz Vollrath of the University of Oxford , none were of a particularly high quality .
It 's another important small step towards making the material , " he said .
" It adds a piece to the puzzle but it 's a very big puzzle and there are many pieces missing . "
Professor Vollrath holds a US patent , filed in 2002 , for a device similar to the one outlined by the team .
Commercial web
The new research is the latest in a long line of attempts to crack the secret of spider silk .
In 2002 , a Canadian company called Nexia demonstrated a method to cultivate the necessary proteins using transgenic goats .
A micrograph shows the artificial silk in more detail
The process involved implanting a single gene from a golden orb - weaving spider into a goat egg to produce animals that would secrete spider silk into its milk .
The technique was successful but the company later abandoned the research .
The company also had difficulty producing high quality fibres , according to Professor Vollrath .
As a result , others are turning to other sources of natural silks to build the kinds of applications envisaged for fibres .
" We are finding certain wild silks which are stronger when you unravel them than natural spider silks , " said Dr David Knight , a colleague of Professor Vollrath and chief scientific officer at Oxford Biomaterials .
The firm exploits silks for medical applications such as sheaths to help nerve regrowth .
Dr Knight could not say which species produced the silks , for business reasons , but said they were available in " potentially commercial " quantities .
Harvesting silks had significant advantages over the techniques outlined in the latest research , he said .
" Genetic engineering is completely out for producing high - strength polymers - it 's just much too expensive , " he told BBC News .
" You have to have very precise environmental controls , you have to have very pure chemicals , you have to have a single strain genetically engineered bug - all that is just a recipe for capital and energy intensivity . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
PM - Tuesday , 22 April , 2008 18:42:00 Reporter : Emily Bourke LISA MILLAR :
In what 's being hailed as a significant breakthrough in fertility research , scientists in Scotland have discovered a way to store and grow human eggs so they can be used in infertile women .
For women who are infertile because of cancer treatment , the technology may be used to jump - start their ability to have children .
It 's good news for the hundreds of Australian women who have had ovarian tissue frozen before undergoing chemotherapy , because it 's the first time a very small , young egg has been successfully grown outside a woman 's body .
Emily Bourke reports .
EMILY BOURKE : For more than a decade , Australian women diagnosed with cancer have been freezing ovarian tissue in the hope that one day technology becomes so advanced that they can bear children after the sterilising effects of chemotherapy .
It now looks like that day is just a touch closer .
Scientists at the University of Edinburgh have worked out a way to take follicles , or the tiniest and most immature eggs , and mature them in a lab within ten days .
Dr Evelyn Telfer is behind the research .
EVELYN TELFER :
What we have been able to do is to take those immature eggs , so the very earliest stage , and grow them in the lab to a point where we can then grow them to a further stage .
Now , we have n't taken them all the way to maturity , you know where you can fertilise them , but we 've taken them to a point where no - one else has been able to take them to before .
EMILY BOURKE : Doctor Robert Gilchrist studies human reproductive biology and medicine at Adelaide University .
He says the research is a breakthrough .
ROBERT GILCHRIST :
The tragedy of the situation is that a young woman who 's diagnosed with some sort of cancer and has to obviously very rapidly undergo treatment , has very few options .
And at the moment , all clinicians are doing is offering patients the opportunity to freeze ovarian tissue .
Currently those tissues are sitting in the freezers with no option of being able to use them .
EMILY BOURKE :
But this might mean that they can be used ?
ROBERT GILCHRIST : That 's right .
That 's right .
This means that there is the potential in the future to use those tissues and with more research in this area , this really does offer promise .
EMILY BOURKE : Professor Michael Chapman is an IVF specialist from IVF Australia .
He says there are safety questions about growing an egg in ten days when it would normally take around 90 .
MICHAEL CHAPMAN : Well I think the pitfalls relate to what 's being used to stimulate those eggs to mature .
The addition of growth hormones to cell culture mediums has certainly produced some unusual results in animal experiments , in terms of large animals ; larger than expected .
So I think there 's a long way to go , in terms of being sure that that 's all safe .
EMILY BOURKE : But Professor Chapman says the research is promising for the growing number of young women diagnosed with cancer and who face infertility .
MICHAEL CHAPMAN : I 'm seeing a patient , one a fortnight with the terrible situation of being faced with a cancer in your reproductive years and you 're faced with the possibility of losing your fertility because of the treatment 's going to save your life .
EMILY BOURKE : Does this technology only apply to women who have been through cancer ?
MICHAEL CHAPMAN :
In relation to menopause , women who have already gone through menopause , unfortunately the egg stores have gone .
So I do n't think there 's any hope for those ladies .
EMILY BOURKE : So you can't see this technology being used to prolong women 's fertility ?
MICHAEL CHAPMAN : I think if we 're talking about 2020 this week , what this is going to be like in 2020 , I suspect this will be a service that will be offered .
But the community I think is going to have to think fairly strongly about whether it 's something that we all want .
LISA MILLAR : Professor Michael Chapman from IVF Australia ending Emily Bourke 's report .
You may know that biofuels produced from plant matter such as corn and soybeans have been touted as the great hope for replacing petroleum to fuel cars and heat buildings .
But though policy makers have rushed to the technology , it 's turning out that the costs may far outweigh the benefits when it comes to global warming and other environmental damage .
According to a New York Times article by Elisabeth Rosenthal , " Biofuels Deemed a Greenhouse Threat , " published February 8 :
Two recent studies show that " almost all biofuels used today cause more greenhouse gas emissions than conventional fuels if the full emissions costs of producing these ' green ' fuels are taken into account . "
The conversion of forestland and grassland to cropland , in order to produce biofuels , " not only releases greenhouse gases into the atmosphere when they are burned and plowed , but also deprives the planet of natural sponges to absorb carbon emissions . "
Indeed , " the clearance of grassland releases 93 times the amount of greenhouse gas that would be saved by the fuel made annually on that land , said Joseph Fargione , lead author of the second paper , and a scientist at the Nature Conservancy . "
Additionally , a previous New York Times article by James Kanter , " Europe May Ban Imports of Some Biofuel Crops , " published January 15 , said :
" Not only is native vegetation , including tropical rain forests , being chopped down in places to plant the crops , but fossil fuels , like diesel for tractors , are often used to farm the crops .
They also demand nitrogen fertilizer made largely with natural gas and consume huge amounts of water . "
" Already , the draining and deforesting of peatlands in Southeast Asia — mainly to make way for palm plantations — accounts for up to 8 percent of global annual carbon dioxide emissions , said Adrian Bebb of Friends of the Earth , an environmental group . "
Perhaps there is some good news in the fact that " experts say certain types of fuels , particularly those made from agricultural wastes , still hold potential to improve the environment , but they add that governments will have to set and enforce standards for how the fuels are produced . "
Cartoon courtesy of Car Advice ( click image to enlarge ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
An audience in Tel Aviv broke into laughter and applause as a cat gatecrashed a concert to the amazement of the orchestra .
A full house of nearly 3,000 people had gathered to listen to the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra , led by conductor Zubin Mehta .
He joked that the cat had crept in through the beggar 's entrance , and blamed the condition of the hall .
The cat was not the only special guest at the concert - US Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi also voiced her surprise at the feline interruption .
The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation has withdrawn a secret demand that the Internet Archive , an online library , provide the agency with a user 's personal information after the Web site challenged the records request in court .
The FBI sent a national security letter , or NSL , to the Internet Archive in November and included a gag order barring site founder Brewster Kahle from talking to anyone other than his lawyers about the request .
Kahle , the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) filed a lawsuit to challenge the subpoena , arguing that the NSL program is unconstitutional , and the FBI withdrew the NSL on April 22 .
The settlement between the FBI and the Internet Archive allowed Kahle to break the gag order , a standard part of an NSL request .
The Internet Archive 's challenge of the NSL is only the third case that the ACLU is aware of in which an NSL has been challenged in court , said Melissa Goodman an attorney for the civil liberties group 's National Security Project .
" The NSLs basically allow the FBI to demand extremely sensitive personal information about innocent people without any prior court approval , often in total secrecy , " Goodman said Wednesday .
The NSL program , expanded when Congress passed the antiterrorism Patriot Act shortly after the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks on the U.S. , allows the FBI and other U.S. government agencies to issue administrative subpoenas to U.S. businesses for customer and other personal information .
FBI Assistant Director John Miller issued a statement about the case Wednesday .
" The information requested in the national security letter was relevant to an ongoing , authorized national security investigation , " he said .
" National security letters remain indispensable tools for national security investigations and permit the FBI to gather the basic building blocks for our counterterrorism and counterintelligence investigations . "
Although the settlement keeps parts of the FBI request secret , Kahle applauded the lawsuit and settlement , saying it will show other businesses how to challenge NSLs .
The FBI issued nearly 200,000 NSLs between 2003 and 2006 , according to a U.S. Department of Justice inspector general 's report .
" We see this as an unqualified success , " Kahle said during a news conference .
" The goal here was to help other recipients of NSLs ... understand that you can push back on these . "
The gag order prevented Kahle from discussing the case with the library 's board of directors , staff , and even his wife , he said .
" Gags do n't seem to be necessary , " he said .
" Gagging librarians is horrendous . "
Kahle 's lawyers declined to talk about the nature of the FBI investigation or reveal the identity of the targeted user .
The NSL sent to the Internet Archive asked for a user 's name , address , length of service , e-mail header information and activity logs .
The FBI investigation was " relevant to an authorized investigation to protect against international terrorism or clandestine intelligence activities , " according to the FBI letter .
The Internet Archive provided the FBI some information that was publicly available on the site , but could not comply with the FBI request because the site does not track user activity or record IP ( Internet Protocol ) addresses , said Kurt Opsahl , a senior staff attorney with the EFF .
The site asks only for an unverified e-mail address when users register .
Opsahl responded to the NSL in December .
In addition to telling the FBI that the Internet Archive does not collect most of the personal information it sought , Opsahl also told the agency the Internet Archive was challenging the NSL on constitutional grounds .
The U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York found the NSL program unconstitutional in September 2004 , with the gag orders a violation of the First Amendment rights to free speech , Opsahl noted .
The judge in the case has delayed his order pending government appeal .
Congress also gave some protections from NSLs to libraries in 2006 , Opsahl told the FBI .
In each of the three court challenges to the NSL program , the FBI has withdrawn the information demands , ACLU 's Goodman said .
" I think that calls into question how much the FBI needed the information in the first place and , frankly , whether the FBI needs this kind of sweeping and unchecked surveillance power , " she said .
Home · Info · FAQ · Play · Download · Realms · Accounts · News · Store · Forum · Links
Progress Quest is an antic and fantastical computer role - playing game , well worth the time you 'll spend playing it .
And it wo n't cost you a farthing !
By all means , download the client or play it right in your browser .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
They may be a small minority in corporate boardrooms , but women directors typically earn more than men , a new U.S. study has found .
People are silhouetted at Canary Wharf business district in London May 1 , 2007 .
They may be a small minority in corporate boardrooms , but women directors typically earn more than men , a new U.S. study has found .
REUTERS / Luke MacGregor
Female directors in corporate America earned median compensation of $ 120,000 , based on the most recently available pay data , compared with $ 104,375 for male board members , research group The Corporate Library said in its annual director pay report on Wednesday .
At the same time , the study said , women in corporate boardrooms are outnumbered eight to one .
“ This makes being a director one of the few jobs in the U.S. economy where the pay differential is reversed , ” between men and women , the study found .
The study found that overall , median total compensation for individual U.S. board members was just over $ 100,000 , based on companies ’ annual proxies filed through last month .
The median increase in total disclosed compensation was about 12 percent compared with the year - earlier period , the study said .
The report looked at pay data for more than 25,000 directors at more than 3,200 companies .
The pay increases were driven in part by the addition of previously undisclosed forms of compensation this year , said study author Paul Hodgson , a senior research associate at the Corporate Library .
New regulatory rules now require public companies to disclose the cost of perks , cash incentives and other elements of total pay for top executives as well as directors .
More than 80 directors earned more than $ 1 million in total compensation for a single board seat , according to the Portland , Maine - based governance researcher .
Director pay is typically far below what top corporate executives are awarded , though it has risen sharply in recent years as director oversight duties have increased .
Activist shareholders , however , say that director pay does need to remain in check because the role is basically a part - time job .
The Corporate Library also found that directors who have titles such as lord and judge tend to earn more than other board members .
Even the least well - compensated titled directors -- medical doctors -- earned a median total compensation of $ 105,181 , above the median compensation for all directors , it said .
The study found that 1,968 directors in the study had a title of one kind or another , or less than 8 percent than the total director population .
The study examined U.S. companies whose directors in some cases are European and hold titles .
“ For governmental titles , judges are the highest earning directors , while among the more traditional titles , knights earn the most , ” Hodgson said .
Aflac , the big insurer , has become the first American company to give shareholders a say on pay  a vote on top management ’s compensation .
And in their first advisory vote on Monday , they signaled that the compensation committee is doing a fine job .
Slightly more than 93 percent of shareholders approved of the $ 11.96 million compensation package that Daniel P. Amos , Aflac ’s chief executive for the last 18 years , received last year .
Only 2.5 percent voted against .
“ As he makes more money , I make more money , ” said George H. Nader , a shareholder in West Point , Ga. , who has been accumulating Aflac shares for more than 30 years .
“ The dividend keeps increasing and the shares have done well .
The man at the top is thinking of the shareholders , and he deserves to be compensated for that . ”
Aflac was trading Monday morning around $ 66.73 , a slight decline from Friday ’s close but still near its all - time high .
Seeking to make money from mistyped website names , some of the United States ' largest ISPs instead created a massive security hole that allowed hackers to use web addresses owned by eBay , PayPal , Google and Yahoo , and virtually any other large site .
The vulnerability was a dream scenario for phishers and cyber attackers looking for convincing platforms to distribute fake websites or malicious code .
The hole was quickly and quietly patched Friday after IOActive security researcher Dan Kaminsky reported the issue to Earthlink and its technology partner , a British ad company called Barefruit .
Earthlink users , and some Comcast subscribers , were at risk .
Kaminsky warns that the underlying danger lingers on .
" The entire security of the internet is now dependent on some random ad server run by some British company , " Kaminsky said .
At issue is a growing trend in which ISPs subvert the Domain Name System , or DNS , which translates website names into numeric addresses .
When users visit a website like Wired.com , the DNS system maps the domain name into an IP address such as 72.246.49.48 .
But if a particular site does not exist , the DNS server tells the browser that there 's no such listing and a simple error message should be displayed .
But starting in August 2006 , Earthlink instead intercepts that Non-Existent Domain ( NXDOMAIN ) response and sends the IP address of ad- partner Barefruit 's server as the answer .
When the browser visits that page , the user sees a list of suggestions for what site the user might have actually wanted , along with a search box and Yahoo ads .
The rub comes when a user is asking for a nonexistent subdomain of a real website , such as http://webmale.google.com, where the subdomain webmale does n't exist ( unlike , say , mail in mail.google.com ) .
In this case , the Earthlink / Barefruit ads appear in the browser , while the title bar suggests that it 's the official Google site .
As a result , all those subdomains are only as secure as Barefruit 's servers , which turned out to be not very secure at all .
Barefruit neglected basic web programming techniques , making its servers vulnerable to a malicious JavaScript attack .
That meant hackers could have crafted special links to unused subdomains of legitimate websites that , when visited , would serve any content the attacker wanted .
The hacker could , for example , send spam e-mails to Earthlink subscribers with a link to a webpage on money .paypal.com .
Visiting that link would take the victim to the hacker 's site , and it would look as though they were on a real PayPal page .
Kaminsky demonstrated the vulnerability by finding a way to insert a YouTube video from 80s pop star Rick Astley into Facebook and PayPal domains .
But a black hat hacker could instead embed a password - stealing Trojan .
The attack might also allow hackers to pretend to be a logged - in user , or to send e-mails and add friends to a Facebook account .
Earthlink is n't alone in substituting ad pages for error messages , according to Kaminsky , who has seen similar behavior from other major ISPs including Verizon , Time Warner , Comcast and Qwest .
Earlier this month , Network Solutions , one of the net 's largest domain name registrars , was caught creating link farms on nonexistent subdomains of websites owned by its own customers .
DNS expert Paul Vixie , who is the president of the nonprofit Internet Systems Consortium , says the problem Kaminisky found is n't with the core internet protocols , which he could fix , but instead is a " problem exacerbated by inappropriate monetization of certain DNS features . "
Vixie compared this ISP behavior to Verisign 's 2003 Site Finder project , which it unilaterally launched in September 2003 and then shut down a month later .
In that case , VeriSign , which controls the sales of .com and .net top - level domains through a contract with the U.S. government , began directing users who mistyped domains names to its own servers , where it presented paid search results .
The move outraged the technical community and eventually led to an ICANN commission report ( .pdf ) condemning the practice and an unsuccessful VeriSign lawsuit against ICANN .
" Sitefinder showed that [ Non-Existent ] domain re-mapping is bad for the community , " Vixie said .
" This would be an example of why it is bad . "
While Barefruit fixed the immediate JavaScript hole , the underlying problem – that large ISPs are ignoring a core internet practice to make money and pretending to be sites that do n't exist – means every site on the net remains vulnerable in ways they have no control over , according to Kaminsky .
Kaminsky said he'd talked this week to many internet companies who were pissed , though not at him .
" I can't secure the web as long as ISPs are injecting other content into web pages , " he said .
The hole shows the risks of allowing ISPs to violate Net Neutrality principles that seek to keep the internet a series of dumb pipes , according to Kaminsky .
" There 's no contractual obligation for ISPs not to change content and inject ads , " Kaminsky notes .
For its part , Earthlink says the Barefruit ad pages are useful to users .
" We offer DNS error functionality for our customers through Barefruit to enhance our users ' experience , and we work closely with Barefruit to provide a safe and convenient way for them to find the destination they 're looking for online , " Earthlink spokesman Chris Marshall said via e-mail .
" We believe that the service provides a positive experience for our Internet users . "
Barefruit echoes the sentiment .
" Barefruit endeavors to ensure online security while providing an improved internet user interface by replacing unhelpful and confusing error messages with alternatives relevant to what the user was seeking , " Barefruit 's Dave Roberts said via e-mail .
For Vixie , however , the issue is simple .
" I really feel if someone goes to a website that does not exist , they ought to see an error message , " Vixie said .
Earthlink customers who do not wish to use the service can instead use different Earthlink DNS servers .
Anyone can also use OpenDNS , a start - up that also provides ad pages on domains that do n't resolve , but does so without pretending to be the other site .
The news of the massive security breach by compromising net neutrality for profit comes just two days after the Federal
Communication Commission held a hand - wringing public forum at Stanford University over whether it should punish Comcast for its violation of standard internet practices .
The broadband provider was caught sending fake packets to its users in order to reduce the bandwidth consumed by peer - to - peer applications .
Kaminsky is demoing the hole publicly on Saturday at the Toorcon security conference in Seattle .
Kaminsky , a well - respected security expert , is perhaps best known for cleverly proving that a spyware rootkit Sony included on music CDs infected computers in more than half a million computer networks in 2005 .
Photo : Quinn Norton / Wired.com , Screenshots : Attack application and " Rick - Rolled " Facebook page courtesy of Dan Kaminsky
See Also :
Mike Tyson 's Wild and Strange Life Documentary
Ear biting , tattooed face , heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson is surprised that he is still alive and says his past was n't pretty .
Speaking at a news conference at Cannes film festival , where a documentary of Tyson 's life directed by James Toback is being presented , Tyson said " I 've lived a wild and strange life . "
Drugs and violence fueled most of Mike 's life and he said :
" I 've used drugs , I 've had physical altercations with dangerous people , people were angry .
I 've slept with guys ' wives , they wanted to kill me .
I 'm just happy to be here .
It 's just a miracle .
I feel good about being here with you . "
The documentary was derived from going through endless hours of fight footage and past interviews and mixing clips of the two together .
Producer Toback shows how the boxer came from a poor upbringing in New York and how he climbed to the top of the boxing world and then plummeted back down to the bottom .
Reviews of the movie seem to be leaning toward the favorable side .
One review from the trade paper Variety said :
" In the course of the film , Tyson moves from someone you might think you 'd want to steer clear of to a man you might actually want to meet and speak with , which is a significant accomplishment . "
Tyson was rescued from the streets of Brooklyn by veteran trainer Cus D'Amato , who was somehow able to help Tyson take his inner anger and transform that into the most lethal punches boxing has seen .
Tyson was the youngest boxer at age 20 to take the title of World Heavyweight Champion but he eventually gave up the clout when he was convicted of rape in 1992 .
Prison did n't improve his temperament .
He came out fierce and showed the world his no-holds - barred side in 1997 when he took a bite out of Evander Holyfield 's ear and got himself banned from the ring for a full year .
The documentary attempt to show a softer side of Tyson .
Either the boxer has turned full circle or his publicist is making darn sure that Mike at least looks like he has come to grips with his inner wild child .
Check out the photos and documentary video footage below .
Some argue that happiness is not having what you want , but wanting what you have .
This maxim sounds reasonable enough , but can it be tested , and if so , is it true ?
It turns out it can be tested .
Texas Tech University psychologist Jeff Larsen and Amie McKibban of Wichita State University asked undergraduates to indicate whether they possessed 52 different material items , such as a car , a stereo or a bed .
Their results , which appear in the April issue of the Association for Psychological Science 's journal , Psychological Science , suggest that people can grow accustomed to their possessions and thereby derive less happiness from them .
They also suggest , however , that people can continue to want the things they have and that those who do so can achieve greater happiness .
" Simply having a bunch of things is not the key to happiness , " Larsen said .
" Our data show that you also need to appreciate those things you have .
It 's also important to keep your desire for things you do n't own in check . "
If the students owned a car , the researchers asked them to rate how much they wanted the car they had .
If they did n't have a car , they were asked to rate how much they wanted one .
Larsen and McKibban then calculated the extent to which people want what they have and have what they want .
Their findings show that wanting what you have is not the same as having what you want .
While people who have what they want tend to desire those items , the correlation between the two was far from perfect .
The researchers found that people who want more of what they have tend to be happier than those who want less of what they have .
However , people who have more of what they want tend to be happier than those who have less of what they want .
###
CONTACT : Jeff Larsen , assistant professor , Department of Psychology , Texas Tech University , ( 806 ) 742-3711 ext. 234 or jeff.larsen@ttu.edu .
" If the corporate media had been as diligent about watchdogging the president as ...
Rev. Wright , it 's likely we would n't have invaded Iraq . "
Boom .
Pretty much says it all does n't it ?
Here 's where he originally found that quote .
The corporate media chooses -- seemingly as one -- Boom .
Pretty much says it all does n't it ?
The corporate media chooses -- seemingly as one --
what
The Corporate Media ( especially the TV news stations who were caught red-handed ) have been
Quite simply , the Media act as a megaphone for the positions they support and a censor for those they do not .
Peace , wisdom , tranquility , free thought .... these concepts are all offensive to the corporate media .
They would rather
to make a big deal out of .
And what to blackout The Corporate Media ( especially the TV news stations who were caught red-handed ) have been feeding us Pentagon - approved talking points through the supposedly - independent retired generals who show up for interviews about the war .
Strange that they never invite peaceniks on the air , is n't it ?
Well , war is big business .
You can't expect truth and fairness when the bottom line is at stake .
Quite simply , the Media act as a megaphone for the positions they support and a censor for those they do not .
Peace , wisdom , tranquility , free thought .... these concepts are all offensive to the corporate media .
They would rather focus on strife , stupidity , distraction and obedience .
Ah , the wisdom of Twitter .
I know that sounds like an oxymoron , but it 's amazing what you can fit in 140 characters ... such as a complete evisceration of the mainstream media ( MSM ) because of their utter , obsequious hypocrisy and the biased , treasonous way they frame and focus on issues .
Here it is , from Chuck Olsen
All three major cable news networks are wasting valuable air time on Senator Obama 's former pastor .
Why ?
Is the story newsworthy ?
Sure .
Is wall - to - wall Wright coverage more important than Iraq or gas prices or the climate crisis ?
No way .
But Reverend
Wright is a scary , shouting black man and scary shouting black men equal ratings - sweet - ratings .
We expect to see this sort of race - baiting behavior from Fox News Channel , but CNN and MSNBC have , once again , similarly crossed the tabloid threshold into the very same nefarious Roger Ailes realm by beating this nothing story to death .
One former participant , NBC military analyst Kenneth Allard , has called the effort " psyops on steroids . "
As Barstow reports , " Internal Pentagon documents repeatedly refer to the military analysts as ' message force multipliers ' or ' surrogates ' who could be counted on to deliver administration ' themes and messages ' to millions of Americans ' in the form of their own opinions . ' …
Don Meyer , an aide to Ms. Clarke , said a strategic decision was made in 2002 to make the analysts the main focus of the public relations push to construct a case for war . "
They 're all the same .
Fox News is simply the worst offender .
But instead of being an embarrassment to decent journalists everywhere Fox News is seen a pioneer , a bold leader in the ( fascist ) future of news .
Thus , the other news channels simply follow Fox 's lead .
Face it folks :
Our mainstream media is controlled .
Totally controlled .
By just five mega- corporations , all of whom have interests vastly different from the average American .
Is it too hard to imagine that these corporations embrace war , hypocrisy and distraction ?
Five corporations means five CEOs .
These reptilian CEOs have a different agenda than the common man .
They 're often Republican , always rich , usually ruthless and seldom charitable .
These five scumfucks control 90 % of what we see , hear or read in the press and they 've all profited from the war .
The only thing that gives us a chance at regaining our freedom is the internet and I assure you this blog and others like it do n't have ratings anywhere near that of Fox or CNN .
So when you see the Media trumpeting something , be it Paris Hilton , Rev. Wright or American Idol , just remember that they 're showing you what they want you to know and they 're hiding the rest .
For everything they tell you they 're obscuring another ten useful facts with their incessant bullshit .
The media does n't investigate , they serve the rich ; they afflict the afflicted and comfort the comfortable .
They are traitors , liars , demons and filth .
I consider Big Media 's tacit embrace of the Iraq
War before and after the fact to be nothing less than treason
If there 's any justice in this world they will all burn in the hell they 've created .
I say we give them all a one - way ticket to Baghdad .
Sleep in the bed you 've made , Fuckers !
Labels : America , capitalism , censorship , conspiracy , corporatism , elite , evil , fascism , global warming , hypocrisy , iraq , MSM , obedience , propaganda , TV , war
As he held his 16 - pound bowling ball in his hands and looked down the lane toward the pins standing before him , 78 - year - old Dale Davis saw only a blur .
He could n't see the lane .
He could n't see the pins .
He could n't see the people who had gathered behind him to see whether the blind man could accomplish something no one else at this alley ever had .
Bowler Dale Davis had rolled a 299 , but that was many years ago .
Now , at 78 and without most of his vision , he 's the owner of a perfect game .
Dolores Cullen , The Storm Lake Times
Only if he turned his head to the left could Davis see a thing .
It has been this way for 11 years , the World War II veteran losing all his vision except for a tiny sliver of peripheral sight out of the corner of his right eye .
His impairment is the result of a medical condition known as macular degeneration , in which the inner lining of the eye atrophies , in certain cases resulting in the loss of vision .
For Davis , it is that tiny sliver of sight , not to mention a multicolored cane and 10 weeks of education for the vision - impaired , that allow him to live by himself .
To take care of himself .
" If somebody comes up to me and says , ' Hello , ' unless I recognize their voice , I have no idea who they are , " Davis said .
" In the bowling alley , looking straight down the wooden lane , I 'm completely blind .
Everything is just very , very hazy . "
But on the evening of May 3 , none of that mattered .
After bowling a 160 , a 150 and a 185 in his three previous games , Davis had rolled 11 consecutive strikes in his fourth and final game of the 2007 - 08 bowling season .
All that stood between him and bowling perfection was one more strike .
He had come close before , once throwing 11 strikes before pulling the 12th ball and settling for a 299 .
But that was many years ago .
Before he had half his stomach removed because of a tumor .
Before he had a bypass done on his left leg to improve his circulation .
And before he had lost his vision .
Since then , he had undergone a divorce , lost his taste for life and moved from California back to his hometown of Alta , Iowa , population 1,865 .
It was his sister , three years ago , who dragged him back to the alley .
Davis can see enough to line up his shot by locating the center dot .
Dolores Cullen / The Storm Lake Times
" I told her , ' I ca n't see , ' " Davis said .
" ' What makes you think I can bowl ? '
But she convinced me and , for the second time in my life , I was hooked . "
This past season , Davis averaged 180 , often stringing four and five strikes together .
Despite standing a fragile 120 pounds , he earned the nickname , " Hammer , " for the power with which he threw his ball .
" He drove a truck , without power steering , for many , many years , " said close friend Clem Ledoux , who owns Century Lanes , the alley in Alta .
" He 's strong .
Put it this way , if you were going to arm - wrestle Dale , my money would be on him . "
On this night , Davis needed to unleash the hammer one more time .
But the odds were against him .
According to James Benton , president of the American Blind Bowling Association , a 300 game is a rarity for someone with impaired vision .
In the association 's 60 - year history , Benton said , his organization is aware of only four perfect games thrown by someone who is legally blind .
And no one with complete loss of vision is known to have bowled a 300 .
" It is extremely rare , " Benton said .
Davis began preparing for his 12th toss the exact same way he had for the countless others .
He tilted his head to the left so he could see the dots below him .
He placed his left foot three - quarters of an inch to the left of the center dot -- " the big one , " as Davis calls it -- then took his four steps forward and let go .
Century Lanes had pretty much shut down at that point .
No one else was bowling .
And everyone had left the bar .
They all stood behind Lanes 3 and 4 , waiting and watching to see whether Davis could bowl the alley 's first perfect game in its 24 - year history .
One of the ways Davis evaluates his shots is how the ball feels coming out of his fingers .
Dolores Cullen , The Storm Lake Times
Because he is unable to see , Davis evaluates his shots based on three criteria : how it feels coming out of his fingers , the crack the ball makes when it hits the pins , and whether his fellow bowlers tell him he can sit down because he threw a strike .
On this night , the last ball flew out of his fingers feeling good .
" The instant I released it , I thought I tugged it a real little bit , " Davis said .
" But then I heard somebody say , ' Brooklyn . ' "
In bowling , a Brooklyn is a strike that " crosses over " the 1 - 3 pocket , a term that originated in New York , where people in Brooklyn had to cross the East River to get to Manhattan .
A second later , Davis ' ball crashed into the pins , unleashing a crackle that echoed through the four - lane alley .
He knew all the pins had fallen because of the response of everyone who had been watching .
A perfect 300 .
" Everybody starting hugging me , shaking my hand , hitting my hand , " Davis said .
" It was great . "
From there , the celebration made its way to the bar .
What did Davis drink to celebrate ?
" I do n't drink anymore , " he said .
" It 's not real good for my health .
So I bought a round for everybody else .
What a thrill . "
Wayne Drehs is a senior writer for ESPN.com .
He can be reached at wayne.drehs@espn3.com .
Ask us your RELATIONSHIP QUESTION and get a
response from Mr. Know and Ms. Mystery ...
Submit your question as a comment below , or e-mail us :
Question :
My wife told me she wants to try something different in our sex life .
She acted like she was joking and suggested she use a " strap - on " .
We have tried anal sex before , but she thought it would be exciting if she was the giver for once .
I 'm not really comfortable with this idea , but do want to have a more exciting sex life .
Can you give me some ideas of things to do that do n't involve degrading myself as a man , but still give her the pleasure of being the dominant one ?
I would go along with her idea , but I 'm worried that if anyone found out they'd think I was a freak .
What should I do ?
Answers :
Ms. Mystery : Either you are turned on by your wife 's idea or your are n't .
Maybe you 're unsure , but would be excited about the idea only after you 're already very " turned on . "
If you are n't sure this is what you want then do something else .
Perhaps you 'd both like it if she ties you up ?
This give her the control
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The first manned , hydrogen - powered plane has been successfully tested in the skies above Spain , its makers say .
The small , propeller - driven craft , developed by aviation giant Boeing , made three short flights at an airfield south of Madrid , the company said .
It was powered by hydrogen fuel cells , which produce only heat and water as exhaust products .
The tests could pave the way for a new generation of greener aircraft , the company said .
Boeing 's chief technology officer John Tracy said the flights were " a historical technological success " and " full of promises for a greener future " .
Small future
Three test flights of the two - seater aircraft took place in February and March at an airfield at Ocana , south of Madrid .
The plane was modified to include a hybrid battery and fuel cell system developed by UK firm Intelligent Energy .
The fuel cells , which create electricity by combining oxygen and hydrogen , were used to power an electric motor coupled to a propeller .
Other organisations have demonstrated solar - powered planes During take - off the plane 's batteries were used to provide an additional boost , but whilst in the air , the plane relied entirely on the cells .
Boeing said the plane has a flying time of 45 minutes but tests were limited to around half that time .
Although the test had been successful , the firm said it did not believe fuel cells could be the primary power source for large passenger aircraft .
However , it could be used as a secondary source of energy for large planes , according to Nieves Lapena , the engineer responsible for the test flights , but this may take some time to develop .
" In my opinion , we are talking about a delay of about twenty years , " she said .
Green skies Hydrogen - powered planes have been flown before , but never with a human pilot onboard .
In 2005 , California - based AeroVironment successfully completed test flights of its Global Observer craft which was powered by liquid hydrogen .
The hydrogen - powered plane is capable of carrying two people
Enlarge Image
Other companies are also seeking to develop more environmentally - friendly planes , amid concerns over their contribution to climate change .
Earlier this year , the airline Virgin Atlantic conducted the first commercial flight powered partly by biofuel .
And last year , defence firm Qinetiq flew a solar - powered plane for 54 hours , smashing the official world record for the longest - duration unmanned flight .
Zephyr , as the craft was known , could be used for military applications , as well as for Earth - observation and communications .
Other unmanned prototypes have been shown off by the American space agency Nasa .
However , in 2010 , Swiss balloonist Bertrand Piccard plans to launch Solar Impulse , a manned plane in which he will attempt to circumnavigate the globe .
To carry the precious payload , the craft will have a huge wingspan of 80 m ( 262 ft ) , wider than the wings of the Airbus A380 .
As the plane is piloted by only one person at a time , it will have to make frequent stopovers .
The current plan is for the journey to be broken into five legs each lasting between four or five days .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
FedUpUSA is your one - stop source for all the latest news regarding the global financial crisis .
We are committed to bringing you the truth about what is really happening , as opposed to the fodder that is shown in the mainstream media . …
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
After talks with former U.S. President Jimmy Carter , Hamas ' exiled leader Khalid Meshaal said Monday the militant group has no plans to recognize Israel .
Former President Jimmy Carter , above , held meetings with exiled militant Hamas leader Khalid Meshaal .
" We agree on the [ Palestinian ] state with the borders of June 4 , 1967 , Jerusalem as its capital , fully sovereign without settlements , the right of return , but without the recognition of Israel , " Meshaal said at a news conference in Damascus , Syria .
Earlier in the day , Carter said that Hamas is prepared to accept peace with Israel if the Palestinian people approve any agreement that may be negotiated with the Jewish state .
Carter 's comments came after controversial meetings Friday and Saturday in Damascus , Syria , with exiled militant Hamas leader Khalid Meshaal .
" If President [ Mahmoud ] Abbas of the Palestinians and Prime Minister [ Ehud ]
Olmert reach an agreement for peace , and if it is submitted to the Palestinians and the Palestinians approve it ...
Hamas will accept it , " Carter said in a Monday interview with CNN .
Carter 's series of meetings with top Hamas officials this past week have drawn condemnation from the U.S. and Israeli governments for engaging in diplomacy with a group they consider a terrorist organization .
Carter 's tour of the Middle East has also included a meeting in Cairo , Egypt , with two senior Hamas politicians before his meetings with Meshaal .
" I 'm not a negotiator , I 'm just trying to understand different opinions and communicate , provide communications between people that wo n't communicate with each other , " Carter said Tuesday at the beginning of his trip .
Most Israeli officials have refused to meet Carter during his trip , angry over his insistence that Israel should talk to Hamas .
Many Israelis disagree with Carter 's observations about Israeli policies toward Palestinians in his recent book , " Palestine : Peace Not Apartheid . "
U.S. and Israeli officials believe Carter 's meetings with Hamas will achieve little , and could actually harm the Middle East peace process .
" Regrettably , Hamas will try to take political advantage of this , " Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs David Welch told CNN on Friday .
However , he added , " I think President Carter 's sincere -- this man worked hard on peace . "
Later Friday , at a State Department briefing in Washington , spokesman Sean McCormack said , " I do n't think people are going to confuse the efforts of a private citizen ... with the very clear policies of the United States government . "
" We think it is not useful for people to be running to Hamas at this point and having meetings with Hamas , " said U.S. National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley .
For the Israelis , a military solution is an elusive one -- but reaching out to Hamas , Israel insists , will not bring peace .
" Hamas is conducting war against the citizens of Israel , " said Ron Prosor , Israel 's ambassador to Britain .
" What do you say to people who say : ' Why do n't you talk , try and talk , and not to shoot ? ' ?
It sounds very good but the question is , at what stage do you do that ? "
And McCormack said Friday : " We find it very odd that one would encourage to have a conversation between the Israeli government and Hamas , which does n't even recognize the right of the Israeli government to exist .
So how can you have -- is that really the basis of a conversation ? "
Carter , the man who helped broker the historic peace agreement between Egypt and Israel in the late 1970s , has said he 's simply on a " study mission " to support peace , democracy , and human rights in the region .
" It 's my dream and my hope , that someday in my lifetime , hopefully this year , we 'll see a major breakthrough , " Carter said .
E-mail to a friend
All About Hamas • Israel • Jimmy Carter
By Michael Bristow
BBC News , Beijing
Police are searching for Tibetans who took part in demonstrations in Hezuo in China 's Gansu Province , according to a monk who lives in the town .
He also told the BBC that the protests were started by school pupils after they heard about the protests in Lhasa , the capital of the Tibetan Autonomous Region .
Troops have been sent to areas with high concentrations of Tibetans
But the monk added that he did not agree with the violence - from either Tibetans or the Chinese government - and did not support Tibetan independence .
Hezuo is in Gansu's Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture .
There has been major unrest in the area since last Saturday .
The BBC has just left the town , which has been taken over by the Chinese military .
Soldiers armed with assault rifles stood guard on approach roads .
' Tough students '
The monk has provided rare details of what is happening in Hezuo , from where it has been difficult to get accurate information .
I do n't hate Han people - but the government keeps using violence to suppress us , and that wo n't solve any problems between the Tibetans and the Han
Tibetan monk " The police are all around government buildings , they are searching the streets , " he told the BBC by telephone .
He said students from two schools began the demonstrations in Hezuo because they were " dissatisfied with the suppression in Lhasa " , said the Tibetan monk .
" We heard that those students are really tough , they smashed cars and shops . "
But he added : " All this fighting and killing and beating up Han Chinese people is really bad .
We want peace . "
Han Chinese are the dominant ethnic group in China , accounting for more than 90 % of the population .
Many Tibetans complain they are losing their culture , and jobs , because Han people are increasing moving to Tibet .
" I do n't hate Han people .
But the government keeps using violence to suppress us , and that wo n't solve any problems between the Tibetans and the Han , " said the monk .
Midnight deadline
He added that he agreed with the Dalai Lama , the leader of Tibetans in exile , who says he wants more autonomy for Tibet , not independence .
" It does n't matter whether Tibet is independent or not , as long as Tibetans live in happiness , " he said .
Protesters in Gannan have been given until midnight on 25 March to hand themselves in to the authorities , according to a notice posted in Hezuo .
Those who turn themselves in will be treated leniently , those who do not will be dealt with harshly , the notice added .
The local government has promised protection and rewards for those who turn in protesters , people China says are criminals .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Space - Based Interceptor ( SBI )
Initially the Bush Administration articulated missile defense plans that included a significant commitement to a Space Based Interceptor [ SBI ] program .
These plans provoked technical criticism and political controversy .
The Administration apparently dropped these plans for space weapons , and the controversy faded .
Critics of space based weapons were left with nothing to criticize .
In reality , the Administration continued the Space - Based Interceptor program under a classified program , PE 0603891C Special Programs MDA , that first appeared in the 2005 budget request , around the time that overt funding for space based weapons was fading away .
The program continues , without the political contoversy that had attended the overtly funded program of previous years .
The funding profile for PE 0603891C Special Programs MDA is generally consistent with the funding profile previously associated with the Space Based Interceptor program .
PE 0603891C Special Programs MDA appears as the Space Based Interceptor program is gradually fading away , or more precisely , fading to black .
No other significant missile defense initiative has faded from view .
Strong proponents of missile defense have long been very vocal advocates of space based kinetic energy weapons , dating back to Danny Graham and High Frontier , and yet there are no words of complaint from these quarters concerning the apparent abandoment of this iconic space weapon .
For several years the Space - Based Interceptor ( SBI ) was being developed in conjunction with the Kinetic Energy Interceptor ( KEI ) , and ground or sea - based boost phase interceptor .
The program aimed to develop a common kill vehicle to use in all three basing modes .
More recently , the KEI program has focused on development of the booster , with the program planning to obtain a kill vehicle from another program .
But no other program overtly funds a boost - phase kill vehicle , suggesting that such a kill vehicle is being funded by a covert program .
The Missile Defense Agency launched and continues to operate the NFIRE experimental spacecraft , which is intended to gather data in support of the development of a boost - phase kill vehicle , in the absence of an overt effort to develop such a kill vehicle .
In a 2001 analysis , Gregory Canavan concluded that Space Based Interceptor ( SBI ) could have ranges that are adequate to address rogue ICBMs .
Canavan concluded that the SBI KKV technology would appear to be common for space - and surface - based boost phase systems , and could have synergisms with improved midcourse intercept and discrimination systems .
While advanced technology could be helpful in reducing costs , particularly for short range theater missiles , current technology appeared adequate for pressing rogue ICBM , accidental , and unauthorized launches .
He found they were not overly sensitive to 30 - 60 s delay times , and that current technologies would support boost phase intercept with about 150 interceptors .
Higher acceleration and velocity could reduce than number by about a factor of 3 at the cost of heavier and more expensive Kinetic Kill Vehicles ( KKVs ) .
Canavan concluded that 6g SBI would reduce optimal constellation costs by about 35 % ; 8g SBI would reduce them another 20 % .
Interceptor ranges fall rapidly with theater missile range .
Constellations increase significantly for ranges under 3,000 km , even with advanced interceptor technology .
For distributed launches , these estimates recover earlier strategic scalings , which demonstrate the improved absentee ratio for larger or multiple launch areas .
Constellations increase with the number of missiles and the number of interceptors launched at each .
Canavan economic estimates suggested that two SBI per missile with a modest midcourse underlay is appropriate .
These optimistic assessments were typical of those consistently advanced by advocates since the early 1980s .
Thus it was not surprising that Boost - phase defense -- disabling ballistic missiles while they are still under power -- received much attention as one possible element of the Bush Administration 's National Missile Defense system .
But in July 2003 an independent study by the American Physical Society into the scientific and technical feasibility of boost - phase defense , concluded that intercepting missiles while their rockets are still burning would not be an effective approach for defending the U.S. against attacks .
"
This study was conducted for the American Physical Society by a group that included recognized experts on missile defense .
The group assessed the feasibility of boost - phase intercept in terms of fundamental science and engineering requirements , " said APS President Myriam Sarachik .
A system of space - based interceptors , constrained by the short time window for intercept , would require a fleet of a thousand or more orbiting satellites just to intercept a single missile .
Deploying such a fleet would require a five- to tenfold increase in the United States ' annual space - launch capabilities .
" Few of the components exist for deploying an effective boost - phase defense against liquid - propellant ICBMs and some essential components would take at least 10 years to develop , " said Study Group co-chair Daniel Kleppner .
" According to U.S. intelligence estimates , North Korea and Iran could develop or acquire solid - propellant ICBMs within the next 10 to 15 years .
Consequently , a boost - phase defense effective only against liquid - propellant ICBMs would risk being obsolete when deployed . "
In July 2004 the Congressional Budget Office evaluated alternatives for Boost - Phase Missile Defense .
One set of cases looked at the capability -- in terms of the performance of the BPI system and the quantity of equipment purchased -- to counter liquid - fuel ICBMs launched at the United States from anywhere in North Korea or Iran .
The costs of the illustrative BPI systems range from $ 16 billion to $ 37 billion ( in 2004 dollars ) for the surface - based systems in Options 1 through 3 and from $ 27 billion to $ 78 billion for the space - based systems in Options 4 and 5 .
One significant reason that the space - based systems would be more expensive , on the whole , is that those options envision deploying a greater number of interceptors than in the surface - based systems and include costs for launching those interceptors into orbit .
The increased difficulty of countering solid - fuel ICBMs has different implications for each of CBO 's options .
For space based systems , total costs would more than double -- to ranges of about $ 163 billion to $ 224 billion for Option 4 and $ 57 billion to $ 80 billion for Option 5 .
Space - Based Interceptor ( SBI ) Annual Budget Activity
Under the 2002 budget proposal of June 2001 , 0603883C Boost Defense Segment included Project 4040 Space - Based Boost .
This effort was specifically aimed at advancing the state of the art for space - based BPI applications .
Appropriate experimentation and test & evaluation activities will be conducted to support informed assessment and decision - making regarding candidate space based intercept capabilities to include space - based lasers and advanced space - based boost kinetic energy concepts .
The Space - Based Kinetic Energy Experiment ( SBX ) was a risk reduction effort to demonstrate a KE BPI concept that can potentially provide a global - limited missile defense capability against emerging world threats .
A decision regarding commitment to future development of a Space - based interceptor ( SBI ) capability hinges upon success in engaging a ballistic missile in the boost phase of flight .
The objective for this experiment was to conduct a test in which a kinetic kill vehicle ( KKV ) engaged a thrusting target against a below the horizon background .
Success will provide " Proof of Concept / Feasibility " that a KKV can operate in the boost phase regime .
Under the 2003 budget proposal of February 2002 , 0603883C Boost Defense Segment included Project 4040 Space - Based Boost .
This effort was focused on development of space - based kinetic energy ( KE ) applications for intercepting targets in the boost phase .
Appropriate experimentation and test & evaluation activities would be conducted to support informed assessment and decision - making regarding candidate space based boost kinetic energy intercept capabilities .
These candidate capabilities would be supported by risk reduction activities , advanced sensor data integration and fusion , BM / C2 , and advanced Kill Vehicle ( KV ) components and integration .
In parallel , this project would be supported by modeling and simulation validated by experimentation and phenomenology data collection .
The completion of concept assessment in early FY 2003 would facilitate the rapid initiation of component development and fabrication for risk reduction and critical experiments .
The Missile Defense Agency ( MDA ) wanted to add kinetic energy intercept ( KI ) capabilities to the Ballistic Missile Defense System ( BMDS ) Test Bed .
The first step was to develop and demonstrate a KI capability against ballistic missiles in the boost flight phase .
This technology could also eventually be used to intercept missiles in midcourse and terminal flight phases .
The MDA anticipated using two test beds to demonstrate KI capabilities , a terrestrial test bed , with both land - and sea - based platforms , and a space test bed .
Test launches would initially be conducted from a mobile deployable ground - based platform .
Although a ground - based platform would be developed first , a critical system objective is to develop a sea - based KI capability in the BMDS Test Bed as soon as practical .
The MDA plans to demonstrate the capabilities of a space test bed in parallel to demonstrating the ground - based platform .
The space test bed would provide an alternative to the terrestrial test bed and vice versa .
MDA would select a contractor for development and test of a terrestrial - based KE BPI , and then start work for a space - based KE BPI testbed .
The contractor selected for the terrestrial - based program would be precluded from competing for the space - based effort .
The plan for the Space Based Interceptor Testbed was being defined , aiming for a capability starting in 2004 .
The FY '03 budget included $ 30 million in new funding to explore the design of space - based kill vehicles .
MDA issued a draft request for proposals for the KE BPI concept design phase on 07 January 2002 , with a formal RFP expected by Feb .
4 . MDA expected to award up to three firm - fixed price eight - month contracts worth a total of $ 10 million in April .
At the end of that concept development time frame , MDA expected to select one contractor to proceed with development and testing of the new interceptor .
In April 2003 MDA awarded $ 10 million contracts to Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman teams for the first phase of the ground - based KE BPI program .
Initially , the KE BPI program aimed to develop and test a robust kinetic energy kill capability against ballistic missiles in the boost / ascent phase with some capability against ballistic missiles in other flight phases .
Lockheed Martin and Boeing agreed to partner for the KE BPI program and Raytheon joined the Northrop Grumman team .
2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 PE
0603883C Boost Defense Segment FY2002 190 TBD TBD TBD TBD TBD FY2003 23 54 177 230 365 501 PE
0603886C BMD System Interceptors FY2004 119 ? ? ? ?
FY2005 10 ? ? ? ?
FY2006 44 149 247 229 PE
0603891C Special Programs MDA FY2006 0 349 482 826 1,097 1,015 1,244 FY2007 0 324 421 836 1,110 1,027 1,260 FY2008 271 353 323 305 369 526 789 792 FY2009 347 196 288 304 538 818 786 $ ,000,000 omitted
Under the 2004 budget proposal of February 2003 , funding for the Kinetic Energy Boost transitioned into the Ballistic Missile Defense System ( BMDS ) Interceptor Program Projects 0913 and 0013 , but there is no separate line item for space based activities .
In parallel with the Block 2008 Interceptor program , MDA would develop a Space Based Test Bed for incremental testing of space - based interceptor capabilities .
The first satellites were to be available for this testing in Block 2008 with additional functionality provided in successive Blocks .
Initial on - orbit tests will commence in Block 2008 with three to five satellites .
The Test Bed capability will be expanded in two - year Blocks .
Test Bed development will consist of technology development and Test Bed integration programs .
KE Boost Test Bed [ this term only appears in the FY2004 budget ] development and testing continued in FY 2004 .
MDA will conduct real - time fire control / C2BMC exercises and simulated engagements using space launch and ballistic missile targets of opportunity .
In addition , ground - based and air - based sensors will collect boost / ascent phase data on these targets of opportunity to support the Block 2008 capability development .
MDA 's longer - term goal is to develop low - cost enhanced BMDS multi-use interceptors that have the capability to defend against threat missiles in the boost , midcourse and exo-atmospheric terminal phases of flight .
Therefore , MDA consolidated next generation interceptor ( booster plus kill vehicle ( KV ) ) development efforts into one BMDS interceptor program .
This BMDS Interceptor will counter the evolving threat through the spiral development of the Block 2008 Interceptor with enhanced KV capability .
Technology advances are likely to include higher divert capability , greater seeker sensitivity , advanced discrimination capability , and lower - weight KVs .
Under the 2004 budget proposal of February 2003 , in Block 2010 MDA would develop and test an advanced Space Based Test Bed in support of a Block 2010 capability .
It will augment and / or replace the Block 2008 Space Based Test Bed and retire most , if not all , major risks in space - based , kinetic energy ballistic missile defense .
MDA will develop and test an advanced Space Based Test Bed in support of a Block 2010 capability .
It will augment and / or replace the Block 2008 Space Based Test Bed and retire most , if not all , major risks in space based , kinetic energy ballistic missile defense .
Building on the Block 2008 Space Based Test Bed , the Block 2010 Space Based Test Bed will develop an additional three to five satellites with advanced , lightweight lifejackets and interceptors .
A technology development effort focused on the miniaturization of space based components will support the Block 2010 Test Bed testing by developing advanced , high performance kill vehicles and axial propulsion .
We will also address key issues such as lifejacket / interceptor miniaturization , inter- satellite communications , interceptor guidance , and constellation management and control during this phase .
The Block 2008 Test Bed integrator will be responsible for developing Block 2010 Space Based Test Bed .
The prime contractor will integrate advanced interceptor and lifejacket technologies into the existing Block 2008 Test Bed .
For the FY 2005 budget submitted February 2004 .
For Block 12 , the KEI acquisition strategy includes the development of a space - based interceptor test bed .
The Defense Science Board ( DSB ) has examined past space - based interceptor efforts including the Brilliant Pebbles and Space Based Interceptor programs and identified a number of technical challenges remaining unresolved .
Therefore , we are taking a slow and deliberate approach to better understand and resolve some of these challenges .
In FY 2004 MDA would initiate an analytical effort with the MDNT to identify the benefits of incorporating space - based interceptors into a layered ballistic missile defense system .
The MDNT will continue this effort by outlining a concept of operations ( CONOPS ) , forming a framework for future war - games at the Joint National Integration Center .
MDA would also build on the foundation laid by the land based Block 2010 program along with NFIRE .
Beginning in FY 2005 and continuing through FY 2009 , the space program will begin a ground based risk reduction effort .
MDA would initiate development of miniaturized , lightweight interceptor components , with the initial emphasis on developing a liquid axial stage .
Based on the results of these risk reduction efforts , the Director , Missile Defense Agency , will make a decision in 2008 to begin the transition to develop satellites to conduct on orbit experiments .
These experiments will exercise the functionality of a space - based BMDS .
By 2012 , the space - based test bed was planned to have a thin constellation of 3 to 6 spacecraft on orbit .
Under the FY2006 budget submitted February 2005 , the BMDS Interceptor program element 0603886C funds the BMDS Interceptor Block 12 / 14 Test Bed as well as the Space Test Bed .
In the kill vehicle area MDA would focus on seeker and propulsion development .
For the seeker , MDA would develop and test a 2 - color all - reflective prototype seeker ( comprised of a 2 - color focal plane array , new signal processor , and all reflective optics ) to demonstrate the ability of the interceptor to acquire and track , transition from plume to hardbody , discriminate the lethal object , and select a hardbody aimpoint on boost , ascent and midcourse targets .
The Space Test Bed project would begin in FY08 .
MDA 's objective in adding a space - based interceptor layer to the BMDS is to transition the mobile terrestrial intercept capabilities to space in order to overcome the basing and geographic access limitations of our land , sea , and airborne defenses .
MDA would build upon our terrestrial multi-use interceptor , BMDS sensor and BMDS C2BMC capabilities to achieve a cost - effective space - based layer .
A limited constellation of space - based interceptors ( 50 - 100 satellites ) offers thin boost / ascent defense against intercontinental ballistic missiles .
The same size constellation provides multi-shot mid course defense against medium to intercontinental range ballistic missiles .
Beginning in FY08 , MDA would initiate a Space Test Bed competitive concept design phase of approximately one year .
The development and test phase would start in FY09 with key milestones including multiple space - based intercept tests in Block 12 /14 and a constellation production decision in Block 14 .
MDA anticipated the Development and Test phase to run through FY15 in order to enter a production phase for a small space layer in FY16 .
The FY2006 budget , submitted February 2005 , marks the advent of the new PE 0603891C Special Programs MDA , for which no further information other than annual funding levels is provided .
The budget requested $ 349,522,000 for 2006 , rising to $ 1,097,252,000 for Fy 2009 , and a total of $ 5,015,120,000 over the 2006 to 2011 timeframe .
In 2006 the Agency transitioned the Space Test Bed Program ( Project R216 ) from the BMDS Interceptors PE ( 0603886C ) to the Ballistic Missile Defense System Space Program ( Project 0517 , PE 0603895C ) , with initial funding in FY 2008 .
The Ballistic Missile Defense System Space Program will integrate a variety of MDA existing and future space efforts to assess the technical risk and viability of developing the BMDS space layer capability .
The Space Test Bed will begin to exploit the natural advantages of space systems and integrate them into the BMDS .
These advantages include a 24/7 global presence to defend against asymmetric threats , provide access to geographically denied areas , an ability to close a global fire control loop for the BMDS and to complement existing terrestrial capabilities .
The Space Test Bed is an essential element of the BMDS acquisition plan .
A Space Layer will complement the forward - based , boost and midcourse capabilities of the BMDS , mitigating limitations imposed by geography and basing availability .
A Space Layer helps protect the United States and Allies against asymmetric threats designed to exploit coverage and engagement gaps in our terrestrial defenses .
We plan to explore the addition of a space - based defensive layer to complement the evolutionary BMDS .
MDA believed that a mix of terrestrial and space - basing offers the most effective global defense against ballistic missiles .
The current effort under program element 0603895C BMD System Space Program is limited to the Space Test Bed .
Potentially , under the management of the Space Applications Center of Excellence , this Ballistic Missile Defense Space System program element will integrate multiple space - dependent tests , demonstrations , integration efforts and experiments that provide capability improvements , reduce developmental cycle times and / or improve integrated BMDS performance .
Known programs / projects include the Space Test Bed , the Near Field Infrared Experiment ( NFIRE ) , and the Missile Defense Space Experimentation Center ( MDSEC ) .
In FY06 , the NFIRE program was transferred from the Kinetic Energy Interceptor program element ( PE 0603886C ) to the Advanced Technology program element ( PE 0603175C ) .
In FY07 , MDA requested the NFIRE program and all associated funding be moved into program element 0603895C BMD System Space Program .
In FY07 , the MDSEC began development under the STSS program element ( PE 0603893C ) and in FY08 is expected to be merged into this program element along with associated funding from PE 0603893C .
The MDSEC is a collaborative experimentation environment for all BMDS elements that rely on , experiment with , or seek to improve the BMDS capability by utilizing space - based , systems - derived data .
Programs currently interacting within the MDSEC activity are : STSS , NFIRE , External Sensors Laboratory ( ESL ) , Project HERCULES , Microsatellites , CONUS Kinetic Energy Interceptor ( CKEI ) , C2BMC and others .
The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 [ Oct. 17 , 2006 ] provided SEC .
222 . LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR SPACE - BASED INTERCEPTOR .
( a) LIMITATION .
- No funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the testing or deployment of a space - based interceptor until 90 days after the date on which a report described in subsection ( c ) is submitted .
( b) SPACE - BASED INTERCEPTOR DEFINED .- For purposes of this section , the term '' space - based interceptor ' ' means a kinetic or directed energy weapon that is stationed on a satellite or orbiting platform and that is intended to destroy another satellite in orbit or a ballistic missile launched from earth .
( c ) REPORT .
-A report described in this subsection is a report prepared by the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and submitted to the congressional defense committees containing the following :
(1) A description of the essential components of a proposed space - based interceptor system , including a description of how the system proposed would enhance or complement other missile defense systems .
(2) An estimate of the acquisition and life - cycle cost of the system described under paragraph ( 1 ) , including lift cost and periodic replacement cost due to depreciation and attrition .
(3) An analysis of the vulnerability of such a system to counter - measures , including direct ascent and co-orbital interceptors , and an analysis of the functionality of such a system in the aftermath of a nuclear detonation in space .
(4) A projection of the foreign policy and national security implications of a space - based interceptor program , including the probable response of United States adversaries and United States allies .
Dr. David Kirk , Chief Scientist at Nvidia
CPUs and GPUs
David Kirk , Nvidia 's Chief Scientist , is an incredibly busy man with an even busier schedule .
In the last four weeks , he 's been touring some of the top universities in China , Japan and Europe to give guest lectures on how Nvidia 's technologies will impact the future of computing — and not just graphics .
We managed to catch up with him in London on the final leg of his European tour at the Department of Computing at Imperial College for an exclusive chat about where Nvidia ( and the industry ) is moving in the future .
Kirk 's role within Nvidia sounds many times simpler than it actually is : he oversees technology progression and he is responsible for creating the next generation of graphics .
He 's not just working on tomorrow 's technology , but he's also working on what 's coming out the day after that , too .
Even though David had probably finished with G80 long before we spoke to him in July 2005 , he could n't talk about that for obvious reasons .
His role has changed a little since G80's launch because of the introduction of a technology called CUDA , which stands for Compute Unified Device Architecture .
For those that are n't familiar with this technology , it basically means that the CUDA - enabled GPUs ( i.e. members of the GeForce 8 - and 9 - series ) can also be used as massively parallel computing devices , running programs written in C.
It 's fair to say that Nvidia has been playing down the need for a fast CPU for some time now , and with the arrival of GPU - accelerated applications like PhysX and RapiHD that have been developed with ( or ported to , in the case of PhysX ) CUDA , you have to wonder if the paradigm is about to change .
I was n't just interested in the general computing applications here though , I was eager to find out if more general graphics problems could be offloaded from the CPU .
" Sure , " acknowledged David .
" I think that if you look at any kind of computational problem that has a lot of parallelism and a lot of data , the GPU is an architecture that is better suited than that .
It 's possible that you could make the CPUs more GPU - like , but then you run the risk of them being less good at what they 're good at now – that 's one of the challenges ahead [ for the CPU guys ] .
" The biggest problem ahead for GPUs is that they are designed to be multi-core and we 've made all of the mistakes before , " David explained , while laughing .
" OK , maybe not all of them – but we 've learned a bunch of things over the years through the course of building massively parallel GPUs . " GPUs are able to very efficiently run a large number of threads , but there is still a problem with multi-core CPUs – if the average user downloads one of those CPU utilisation meters that shows the multiple cores , they 'll see that they 're not using those cores most of the time so it 's really a waste of money .
For most people , if they buy a dual - core CPU or a low speed grade quad - core , that would be great .
It 's probably a good place to be , as we do n't think you need much more than that .
" Just about every major chip maker in the industry believes that parallel processing is the future – multi-core CPUs have been around for a few years now and at the same time GPUs have become more flexible and more CPU - like .
This seemed like a great place to further our discussions on the role of the CPU in the future – will the CPU ever replace the GPU , or vice versa ?
David was very short in his answer – offering a simple " No . " He smiled in a rather convincing manner , while I laughed because I was n't expecting an answer as short as that .
" The reason for that is because GPUs and CPUs are very different .
If you built a hybrid of the two , it would do both kinds of tasks poorly instead of doing both well , " he said .
" A chip with some CPU cores and some GPU cores on it would be a great product for the low end for people that do n't care that much about performance .
However , most of our customers ask us for more computing power — not for less — so I would n't want to take some of my silicon area and devote it to a CPU .
" On the CPU , you can rip through tasks sequentially and the cache helps with that .
It 's a good architecture — I want to make that clear before I go any further , as it always seems like I 'm picking on the CPU — because for what it does , it does it very well .
If you took the same task and ran it on a GPU , it would take forever .
" However if you have a lot of things to do and they 're heavily threaded , it 's going to take a long time for the CPU to do those tasks .
Whereas with a GPU , it will probably take about the same time or maybe a little longer than a CPU to do each individual task , but the fact you can do a lot of them at the same time means you can complete those tasks quicker .
" The ability to do one thing really quickly does n't help you that much when you have a lot of things , but the ability to do a lot of things does n't help that much when you have just one thing to do .
However , if you modify the CPU so that it 's doing multiple things , then when you 're only doing one thing it 's not going to be any faster .
"
It 's this paradox where there are two regimes – there 's a little and a lot .
There is n't really a place for sort - of - a - lot .
Important numbers are one and 12,000 – I believe that 16 , for example , is not an important number .
If you merge the CPU and GPU , you end up in a place I like to call no man 's land – that 's exactly where the number 16 is on my scale , " Kirk explained .
Senate Ethics Committee clears Vitter in prostitution probe Nick Langewis
Published : Thursday May 8 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
An ethics complaint against Senator David Vitter ( R - LA ) filed by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington has been dismissed without prejudice today .
The complaint , submitted to the Committee on July 19 , 2007 , requested that it conduct an investigation into whether Sen .
Vitter violated Senate rules by seeking the services of Pamela Martin and Associates , the escort service run by the late Deborah Jeane Palfrey , better known as the " DC Madam . "
It was discovered that Vitter sought Palfrey 's services when his phone number surfaced on a client list obtained by Hustler publisher Larry Flynt .
On July 9 , 2007 , after being contacted by Hustler , Vitter publicly acknowledged a " very serious sin in my past for which I am , of course , completely responsible . "
Jeanette Maier , New Orleans ' " Canal Street Madam , " came forward the following day , saying that Vitter had solicited prostitutes through her more than once during the 1990s .
Vitter was accused of trysts between July and November of 1999 with Wendy Ellis ( aka Cortez ) , said to be his favorite tradesperson , during his 2004 Senate campaign ; while there was no evidence to substantiate the claim , Ellis did pass a lie detector test .
The Ethics Committee 's letter , as obtained by CREW , is available to view below .
Since the " sin " took place outside the range of Vitter 's Senate candidacy and term , the Committee has declined to explore further .
The signatories say that their decision should not be construed as acceptance of the alleged activities , which they call " reprehensible , " and that any new allegations that surface will be investigated anew .
Analytics cookies help us to improve our website by collecting and reporting information on how you use it .
These cookies may be set by us or by third - party providers whose services we have added to our pages .
See More .
The first generation of World Wide Web capabilities rapidly transformed retailing and information search .
More recent attributes such as blogging , tagging and social networking , dubbed Web 2.0 , have just as quickly expanded people ’s ability not just to consume online information but to publish it , edit it and collaborate about it — forcing such old - line institutions as journalism , marketing and even politicking to adopt whole new ways of thinking and operating .
There 's a widespread belief that the penalty for leaving Islam is death - hence , perhaps , the killing of a British teacher last week .
But Shiraz Maher believes attitudes may be softening .
Hakan ( not his real name ) was disowned by his parents when he converted from Islam to Christianity .
" They said ' go away , you 're not our son . '
They told people I died in an accident rather than having the shame of their son leaving Islam . "
FIND OUT MORE ... Shiraz Maher ( right ) presents Could I Stop Being a Muslim ? on Radio 4 on 22 April at 2000 BST , repeated 27 April at 1700 BST .
Or listen to it on the BBC iPlayer Born and raised in Turkey , he decided to convert to Christianity after moving to university .
He knew telling his parents would be a difficult moment even though they 're not particularly observant Muslims , and he planned to break the news to them gently .
In the end , events overtook him .
Before heading back to Turkey for the holidays , Hakan briefly visited a Christian summer camp where he was filmed eating a bowl of spaghetti .
The first his parents heard of his conversion was when they saw Hakan on the national news being described as " an evil missionary " intent on " brainwashing " Turkish children .
His parents decided they would rather tell people that he was dead than acknowledge he was a Christian .
And Hakan , who now lives in the UK , is not alone in this experience .
Sophia , which is not her real name , faced similar pressures when she decided to become a Christian .
Coming from a Pakistani background but living in east London , 28 - year - old Sophia spoke about the extreme cultural pressures her family put her under .
SENTENCED TO DEATH Hashem Aghajari , a history professor in Tehran ( pictured ) , was sentenced to death for apostasy in Nov 2002
He had said Muslims should not follow clerics " like monkeys "
The sentence sparked off a month of student protests and was quashed by Iran 's Supreme Court Abdul Rahman began a new life in Italy after his trial for apostasy in Kabul collapsed " They kept saying : ' The punishment is death , do you know the punishment is death ? ' "
In the end , Sophia ran away from home .
Her mother tracked her down and turned up at her baptism .
" I got up to get baptised , that 's when my mother got up , ran to the front and tried to pull me out of the water .
" My brother was really angry .
He reacted and phoned me on my mobile and just said : ' I 'm coming down to burn that church . ' "
For Sophia and Hakan , a lot of the prejudice they faced seemed to be borne out of cultural ideas , which are particularly ingrained in the South Asian community relating to notions of family honour .
Aghajari's death sentence sparked protests and a review
But it 's too easy to say this is just a cultural problem .
Dig a little deeper and you find that there is a theological argument which advocates the death penalty for apostates , which has serious implications for British society .
Last week , British teacher Daud Hassan Ali , 64 , was shot dead in Somalia .
His widow , Margaret Ali , said her husband was targeted by Islamists who " believe it is ok to kill any man who was born into Islam and left the faith " .
Those renouncing their faith for atheism or agnosticism are viewed in a similar way to those who adopt another faith .
A poll conducted by the Policy Exchange last year suggested that over a third of young British Muslims believe that the death penalty should apply for apostasy .
Until recently , I would have shared that view , but since personally rejecting extremism myself , I 've been re-examining the issues which I once regarded as conclusive .
Discretion I was staggered to learn that the Quran does not say anything about punishing apostates and that its proponents use two hadiths instead to support their view .
Hadiths are the recorded traditions and sayings of the Prophet which , in addition to the Quran , provide an additional source of Islamic law .
The hadiths which relate to apostasy are linguistically ambiguous and open to interpretation .
Distinguished scholars told me that the hadiths actually speak about a death penalty for treason , not apostasy .
And even then , they stressed the punishment is discretionary .
I believe the classical law of apostasy in Islam is wrong and based on a misunderstanding
Usama Hassan
Scientist and imam Dr Hisham Hellyer is a Fellow of the Oxford Centre for Islamic Studies at University of Oxford , and has researched classical Islamic law .
He believes the death penalty punishment is no longer applicable and should be suspended under certain circumstances .
Usama Hassan , a Cambridge - educated scientist and an imam , goes further and says the classical scholars were wrong in how they interpreted the Quran .
He is unequivocal in denouncing those who advocate the death penalty .
" I believe the classical law of apostasy in Islam is wrong and based on a misunderstanding of the original sources , because the Quran and Hadith do n't actually talk about a death penalty for apostasy . "
Last year Egypt's Grand Mufti , Ali Gomaa , unequivocally told the Washington Post that the death penalty for apostasy simply no longer applies .
It provoked a flurry of debate in Egypt and the wider Middle East .
Traitor
The idea of killing apostates has become a resurgent theme in recent years , a fact closely - related to the increasing politicisation of Islam since 9/11 .
It epitomises the " us and them " mentality felt by many Muslims between themselves and the West .
And there 's an uncomfortable conclusion to all this .
Muslim attitudes towards apostasy are a metaphor for the wider struggle taking place within Islam
Shiraz Maher
If there is a death penalty for treason , then who defines what treason is ?
Earlier this year a group of men from Birmingham pleaded guilty to charges of conspiring to kidnap and behead a British Muslim solider because they regarded him as a traitor .
Joining the British army was to them treason against Islam .
So while the debate surrounding one aspect of apostasy continues , it is simultaneously throwing up an entirely new series of challenges around other issues including what should be considered treason against Islam .
We talked to researcher Ziya Meral about experiences of apostates , as he was just finishing a report called No Place to Call Home .
He had interviewed 28 apostates in six different countries as part of a year - long research project .
His report found that although the death penalty is rarely applied through the courts , apostates still face gross and wide - ranging human rights abuses at the hands of the state , radical groups and local communities . "
It seems that Muslim attitudes towards apostasy are a metaphor for the wider struggle taking place within Islam , between those who argue for a progressive form of Islam and those who argue for more dogmatic interpretations .
Attitudes to apostasy may be a useful barometer for judging where it 's headed .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
I have a friend at church who came to the UK from the Sudan because he was threatened with being stoned to death following his conversion from Islam to Christianity .
Even though some areas of the Islamic world may be moving away from the death penalty for apostasy , it still remains in force in some countries .
Sophie , UK I was also born into Islam but have since become a Christian .
My family never passed any such penalty on me or any of my siblings who had converted .
We are still very much part of the family and never taken as outcast , which leads to believe that the penalty is more a Middle East cultural believe than Islamic law .
I am from Nigeria and in fact from a very strong Islamic community , rather than pass any sure ' Death penalty ' they are looking for ways to lure us back to Islam which is definitely not possible again .
OD Balogun , Grays I really feel for the Muslim community who by and large are decent , ordinary people .
They suffer so badly when things like this come up in the media .
Unfortunately , individuals are going to read into any religious text exactly what they want to and give everyone a bad name it does n't matter what religion it is .
The saying is " Power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely " , when one person is given the power to speak for their God there is always going to be misinterpretation and megalomania .
Tori Law , Thurso , Scotland
The freedom of religious worship should be absolute , and any faith that still refers to a death sentence on those who convert away has no place in modern society .
The Islamic faith is in the same position as the Christian faith was in the 1500s , namely in need of reformation and modernisation .
Ian Taylor , Lincoln , UK A true Muslim would never ever change his / her religion .
A Muslim who understands the true values of Islam would never disgrace it by converting .
Islam is a religion of peace and harmony .
It forbids its followers to even hurt an animal so the excessive propaganda against Islam needs to end now .
The Holy Prophet S.A.W said ; " Be kind to those who are on earth and He in the heavens will be kind to you "
My point is anyone abandoning Islam is destroying his life hereafter [ life after death ] and is his / her own enemy .
Lubna , Pakistan
The thing that puzzles most of non-Muslims about this article will be how insecure they are in their own religion .
Why are they so scared of other religions ?
Basically they should grow up and learn to live in the real world and not the Stone Age .
Laurence , Edinburgh
If you have read the Quran then maybe you would know different , if you have n't then you do not see the dire consequences in changing your religion .
Waseem , England
The " over one - third " of British Muslims who believe converts should be put to death are potentially guilty of inciting religious hatred .
Will the police investigate ?
When are they going to be arrested ?
James Rigby , Wickford , Essex Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
May 22 , 2008  --
Despite his call for the U.S. to win the " hearts and minds of the Islamic world , " Sen .
John McCain recruited the support of an evangelical minister who describes Islam as " anti-Christ " and Mohammed as " the mouthpiece of a conspiracy of spiritual evil . "
Late Thursday McCain announced he was rejecting Pastor Rod Parsley 's endorsement he had once so eagerly sought .
McCain sought the support of Pastor Parsley of the World Harvest Church of Columbus , Ohio at a critical time in his campaign in February , when former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee was continuing to draw substantial support from the Christian right .
At a campaign appearance in Cincinnati , McCain introduced Parsley as " one of the truly great leaders in America , a moral compass , a spiritual guide . "
Campaign aides positioned Parsley right behind McCain for photographers , apparently unconcerned about Parsley 's well - established denunciations of the Islamic faith in a book " Silent No More " and on DVDs of sermons about Islam .
" Islam is an anti-Christ religion that intends through violence to conquer the world , " Parsley says on the DVDs reviewed by ABC News .
Mother Jones first reported Parsley 's anti-Muslim views in an article March 12 , but McCain took no steps to dissociate himself from Parsley until after ABC News broadcast some of Parsley 's sermons on " Good Morning America " Thursday .
[ Read Mother Jones ' article . ]
" America was founded with the intention of seeing this false religion destroyed , " Parsley says , " and I believe Sept. 11 , 2001 was a generational call to arms that we can no longer ignore . "
Parsley 's views and his connection to the McCain campaign are now beginning to show up on Arab Web sites and newspapers .
Al Moheet , a regional Arabic Web site operating in Egypt , carries the story with a picture of McCain and the headline : " McCain 's Spiritual Adviser Calls for the Destruction of Islam . "
" If there is a McCain presidency , he will start with a serious handicap in the Arab world , " said former CIA intelligence officer John Kiriakou .
" And the handicap is that it is already assumed in Muslim countries that they will not get a fair shake from a McCain administration , " said Kiriakou .
In a statement to ABC News about Parsley 's comments , McCain 's campaign said the senator " obviously strongly rejects such statements . "
The campaign did not answer the question of whether it was aware of Parsley 's widely publicized statements prior to seeking his endorsement in February .
McCain has not disassociated himself from the pastor , but the campaign statement said , " Just because someone endorses John McCain does n't mean he endorses all of their views . "
McCain has repeatedly urged the U.S. to show respect for Islam .
" Our goal must be to win the ' hearts and minds ' of the vast majority of moderate Muslims who do not want their future controlled by a minority of violent extremists , " McCain told the World Affairs Council in Los Angeles on March 26 .
But well before he was asked to endorse McCain , Pastor Parsley took a much different view about moderate Muslims in his book and sermons .
" I would counter respectfully that what some people call extremists are instead mainstream Muslim believers who are drawing from the well at the very heart of Islam , " he said .
McCain said in his March speech , " We must remember that our freedoms are not only defended by our diplomacy and military power but , very importantly , by the decency and respect with which we treat one another . "
Parsley says he can be silent no more about Islam .
" I will rail against the idea that the God of Christianity and the God of Islam are the same being .
I will sound the alarm about the pernicious agenda of the enemies of my country and the cross of my Christ , and I will proclaim the truth at every opportunity . "
Parsley , through a spokesperson at his church , declined to be interviewed by ABC News .
In a statement , a spokesperson , Gene Pierce , said Parsley 's comments " were in response to militant Islamic leaders ' repeated pledges to kill Americans and destroy the United States and Western culture and democracies . "
His Web site , said the spokesperson , " also makes a distinction between Muslim terrorists and the vast majority of peaceful Muslims . "
Parsley says he has served in the public ministry for more than 30 years and now has a congregation of more than 12,000 people .
He hosts the television show " Breakthrough " on the Trinity Broadcasting Network , aired on 1,400 television and cable channels around the world .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
When we got contacted by ISC reader Greg in Hungary , whose web server had been hacked and adorned with a couple of obfuscated JavaScript files , we expected a variant of the " nmidahena " injection and a closed case .
JavaScript is an interpreted language , and while the obfuscation attempts we see are getting more creative , the scripts can usually still be coerced quite easily into divulging their secrets .
ISC handler Lenny Zeltser teaches the SANS course on malware analysis , and ISC handler Bojan Zdrnja wrote the portion on JavaScript analysis for that course , so we are usually able to make short work of bad stuff .
Not so this time .
This one was something new .
The file looked benign enough , the usual method to resolve one of these has been described elsewhere in detail , and involves removing the script tags , changing eval to print , and running the file through SpiderMonkey .
It worked .
That apparently another step of de-obfuscation was needed did n't faze us .
Same routine , hunt down the eval ( ) calls , change to print , re-run through SpiderMonkey .
Easy enough .
But the resulting lines printed did not show the expected exploit script in all its badness , but rather simply said
arguments .
callee
la'Sbjd
Now you might remember the diary that we ran a while back on the properties of arguments.callee.toString ( ) and how this makes analysis harder .
This method allows a function to reference itself , and hence allows a function to detect modifications to its own code .
Changing eval ( ) to print ( ) changes the function string , and with it the result .
This can usually be defeated by re-defining the eval ( ) function into a simple call to print ( ) , but not so in this case .
So let 's take a look at some of the protection features in detail .
# 1 : Simple obfuscation
xdxc=eval ( 'a#rPgPu , mPe , n,t9sP.9ckaPl,lPe9e9'.replace (/[ 9#k , P]/g , '' ) )
All this does is make the string " arguments.callee " un-obvious for both human and automated analysis .
If you look closely , you 'll see that the replace ( ) call substitutes 9# k , P with nothing , and hence turns the string into what it really is .
While this technique is not in itself very savvy , the usage of eval ( ) in this context makes it impossible to simply re-define eval ( ) into print ( ) as we tried .
If we do so , xdxc does not end up containing the correct string , and the moment this variable gets used , the whole thing falls apart .
# 2 Deriving the cipher key from the code itself
arguments .callee as used returns the entire " body " of the function called ppEwEu .. which is everything between the start and the closing curly bracket after the catch ( e ) clause .
The function xFplcSbG ( ) is then used to turn this entire function into a numeric cipher key that is dependent on the actual text in the code block , as well as on its length .
function xFplcSbG( mrF ) {
var rmO = mrF.length ;
var wxxwZl = 0 , owZtrl = 0 ;
while ( wxxwZl < rmO ) {
owZtrl += mrF.charCodeAt( wxxwZl ) * rmO ;
wxxwZl ++;
}
return ( " " + owZtrl ) ;
}
It is obvious now why touching the code in any way leads to completely different results :
A change of a single letter in the code , say , if we replace eval ( ) by evil ( ) , already changes the resulting cipher key significantly .
A bigger change , like if we replace eval ( ) with print ( ) , throws the result into a different ballpark alltogether .
# 3 Using the cipher key to decrypt the function arguments
nzoexMG=nuI.charCodeAt(sIoLeu)^xgod.charCodeAt( qcNz ) is comparably simple - this section shifts the key derived above " over " the obfuscated string and uses an XOR operation between the two to obtain the cleartext .
There still is a way to decode such a self - defending function : Use Microsoft Script Editor ( MSE ) .
With MSE , you can set breakpoints in JavaScript code and check out variable contents at your leisure .
Loaded into MSE with a breakpoint set on the second call to eval ( ) , the script as obtained after the first decoding stage readily reveals its secret .
The big downside of this method is , of course , that you are actually running the hostile code in an environment that well might be vulnerable to the exploit you are about to reveal .
As they say in Script - Busters : Do n't try any of this at home .
Ever .
But it ai n't over until the fat trojan runs ...
Even after this stage , the code still had a couple of tricks up its sleeve .
But we readily recognize the string " traff3.cn " , and also a couple of artefacts like the text " iwf [ rIa[ mIeK " ( iframe ) , which suggests that we are getting close .
# 4 Using a function prototype instead of a function
We have no idea why - probably in the hope that automated script parsers do not have prototyping implemented .
Or to confuse the human analyst - as you can see from the image above , the resulting pile of characters is not for the faint - hearted .
With a little patience , the prototype can be readily split into its parts though .
# 5 Using cookies
The install ( ) function calls alreadyInstalled ( ) to check if the script has already run .
Install ( ) , when complete , sets a browser cookie named " dhafcbeg " , and this is what the alreadyInstalled ( ) method verifies .
This is no obfuscation mechanism per se , probably rather an attempt to keep the user 's browser from turning sluggish from re-infections on heavily infected web pages .
As a side - effect , this also makes analysis in SpiderMonkey harder though : SpiderMonkey has no " document " object and does n't do cookies .
# 6 Including the referer
One particularly nasty bit is the call to " document.location.host " in the getFrameURL ( ) function .
This retrieves the host name portion of the page currently displayed in the browser .
For example , if " http://some.server.nul/bbs/board.php " had been infected with this obfuscated script , document.location .host would return " some.server.nul " .
This string is then used to build the path from where the next stage exploit is loaded !
Again , if run in SpiderMonkey or even within Microsoft Script Editor , the origin page object - and hence the host string - would be empty .
The bad guys check for this in the getFrameURL ( ) function , and substitute the host name with a random 16 character hex string if no hostname is set .
When run from within an analysis environment , the resulting URL is therefore something like
34ce19ab20045c11.a004ebb329886522.3traff-dot-cn
whereas when run as a real exploit , the first random string would reflect the " host "
some.server.nul.a004ebb329886522.3traff-dot-cn
The bad guys seem to use this difference to automatically spot and ban whoever is not careful enough in tracking them - their web server stopped responding to two of the IP addresses that we used during our analysis .
The site currently seems to be down , but it probably is still a very good idea not to try any of these URLs .
Curiosity bricked the lap ' .
When it still was active one week ago , the above URL redirected to www.google-analytics.com.urchin.js.7traff-dot-cn.
Yes , someone is trying to be cute .
From there , after another stage of obfuscation , it finally triggered MS06 - 014 to download and run a Keylogger Trojan .
The probably only reason why such advanced obfuscation would be paired with such an old exploit is - that there are still sufficient unpatched systems out there for the exploit to work .
In a speech today at Atlanta ’s Ebenezer Baptist Church , where Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.served as pastor , Barack Obama talked about the existence of institutional racism , the sensationalizing of race “ by the media ” and the creeping of race as an issue into the presidential campaign .
But Obama ’s speech will likely be remembered for his calling on the black community to do its part to fight homophobia , anti-Semitism and xenophobia .
Obama says in the speech : “ We have scorned our gay brothers and sisters instead of embracing them , ” and “ the scourge of anti-Semitism has , at times , revealed itself in our community , ” and “ for too long , some of us have seen the immigrants as competitors for jobs instead of companions in the fight for opportunity . ”
And while Hillary Clinton , in her speech honoring Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. this afternoon at the Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem , emphasized the importance of “ doers of the word , ” Obama made a point to argue of King ’s instrumental role in enabling the civil rights movement , “ he did it with words . ”
Here ’s Obama ’s speech , as prepared for delivery :
The Scripture tells us that when Joshua and the Israelites arrived at the gates of Jericho , they could not enter .
The walls of the city were too steep for any one person to climb ; too strong to be taken down with brute force .
And so they sat for days , unable to pass on through .
But God had a plan for his people .
He told them to stand together and march together around the city , and on the seventh day he told them that when they heard the sound of the ram ’s horn , they should speak with one voice .
And at the chosen hour , when the horn sounded and a chorus of voices cried out together , the mighty walls of Jericho came tumbling down .
There are many lessons to take from this passage , just as there are many lessons to take from this day , just as there are many memories that fill the space of this church .
As I was thinking about which ones we need to remember at this hour , my mind went back to the very beginning of the modern Civil Rights Era .
Because before Memphis and the mountaintop ; before the bridge in Selma and the march on Washington ; before Birmingham and the beatings ; the fire hoses and the loss of those four little girls ; before there was King the icon and his magnificent dream , there was King the young preacher and a people who found themselves suffering under the yolk of oppression .
And on the eve of the bus boycotts in Montgomery , at a time when many were still doubtful about the possibilities of change , a time when those in the black community mistrusted themselves , and at times mistrusted each other , King inspired with words not of anger , but of an urgency that still speaks to us today :
“ Unity is the great need of the hour ” is what King said .
Unity is how we shall overcome .
What Dr. King understood is that if just one person chose to walk instead of ride the bus , those walls of oppression would not be moved .
But maybe if a few more walked , the foundation might start to shake .
If a few more women were willing to do what Rosa Parks had done , maybe the cracks would start to show .
If teenagers took freedom rides from North to South , maybe a few bricks would come loose .
Maybe if white folks marched because they had come to understand that their freedom too was at stake in the impending battle , the wall would begin to sway .
And if enough Americans were awakened to the injustice ; if they joined together , North and South , rich and poor , Christian and Jew , then perhaps that wall would come tumbling down , and justice would flow like water , and righteousness like a mighty stream .
Unity is the great need of the hour – the great need of this hour .
Not because it sounds pleasant or because it makes us feel good , but because it ’s the only way we can overcome the essential deficit that exists in this country .
I ’m not talking about a budget deficit .
I ’m not talking about a trade deficit .
I ’m not talking about a deficit of good ideas or new plans .
I ’m talking about a moral deficit .
I ’m talking about an empathy deficit .
I ’m taking about an inability to recognize ourselves in one another ; to understand that we are our brother ’s keeper ; we are our sister ’s keeper ; that , in the words of Dr. King , we are all tied together in a single garment of destiny .
We have an empathy deficit when we ’re still sending our children down corridors of shame – schools in the forgotten corners of America where the color of your skin still affects the content of your education .
We have a deficit when CEOs are making more in ten minutes than some workers make in ten months ; when families lose their homes so that lenders make a profit ; when mothers ca n’t afford a doctor when their children get sick .
We have a deficit in this country when there is Scooter Libby justice for some and Jena justice for others ; when our children see nooses hanging from a schoolyard tree today , in the present , in the twenty - first century .
We have a deficit when homeless veterans sleep on the streets of our cities ; when innocents are slaughtered in the deserts of Darfur ; when young Americans serve tour after tour of duty in a war that should ’ve never been authorized and never been waged .
And we have a deficit when it takes a breach in our levees to reveal a breach in our compassion ; when it takes a terrible storm to reveal the hungry that God calls on us to feed ; the sick
He calls on us to care for ; the least of these
He commands that we treat as our own .
So we have a deficit to close .
We have walls – barriers to justice and equality – that must come down .
And to do this , we know that unity is the great need of this hour .
Unfortunately , all too often when we talk about unity in this country , we ’ve come to believe that it can be purchased on the cheap .
We ’ve come to believe that racial reconciliation can come easily – that it ’s just a matter of a few ignorant people trapped in the prejudices of the past , and that if the demagogues and those who exploit our racial divisions will simply go away , then all our problems would be solved .
All too often , we seek to ignore the profound institutional barriers that stand in the way of ensuring opportunity for all children , or decent jobs for all people , or health care for those who are sick .
We long for unity , but are unwilling to pay the price .
But of course , true unity can not be so easily won .
It starts with a change in attitudes – a broadening of our minds , and a broadening of our hearts .
It ’s not easy to stand in somebody else ’s shoes .
It ’s not easy to see past our differences .
We ’ve all encountered this in our own lives .
But what makes it even more difficult is that we have a politics in this country that seeks to drive us apart – that puts up walls between us .
We are told that those who differ from us on a few things are different from us on all things ; that our problems are the fault of those who do n’t think like us or look like us or come from where we do .
The welfare queen is taking our tax money .
The immigrant is taking our jobs .
The believer condemns the non-believer as immoral , and the non-believer chides the believer as intolerant .
For most of this country ’s history , we in the African - American community have been at the receiving end of man ’s inhumanity to man .
And all of us understand intimately the insidious role that race still sometimes plays – on the job , in the schools , in our health care system , and in our criminal justice system .
And yet , if we are honest with ourselves , we must admit that none of our hands are entirely clean .
If we ’re honest with ourselves , we ’ll acknowledge that our own community has not always been true to King ’s vision of a beloved community .
We have scorned our gay brothers and sisters instead of embracing them .
The scourge of anti-Semitism has , at times , revealed itself in our community .
For too long , some of us have seen immigrants as competitors for jobs instead of companions in the fight for opportunity .
Every day , our politics fuels and exploits this kind of division across all races and regions ; across gender and party .
It is played out on television .
It is sensationalized by the media .
And last week , it even crept into the campaign for President , with charges and counter - charges that served to obscure the issues instead of illuminating the critical choices we face as a nation .
So let us say that on this day of all days , each of us carries with us the task of changing our hearts and minds .
The division , the stereotypes , the scape - goating , the ease with which we blame our plight on others – all of this distracts us from the common challenges we face – war and poverty ; injustice and inequality .
We can no longer afford to build ourselves up by tearing someone else down .
We can no longer afford to traffic in lies or fear or hate .
It is the poison that we must purge from our politics ; the wall that we must tear down before the hour grows too late .
Because if Dr. King could love his jailor ; if he could call on the faithful who once sat where you do to forgive those who set dogs and fire hoses upon them , then surely we can look past what divides us in our time , and bind up our wounds , and erase the empathy deficit that exists in our hearts .
But if changing our hearts and minds is the first critical step , we can not stop there .
It is not enough to bemoan the plight of poor children in this country and remain unwilling to push our elected officials to provide the resources to fix our schools .
It is not enough to decry the disparities of health care and yet allow the insurance companies and the drug companies to block much - needed reforms .
It is not enough for us to abhor the costs of a misguided war , and yet allow ourselves to be driven by a politics of fear that sees the threat of attack as way to scare up votes instead of a call to come together around a common effort .
The Scripture tells us that we are judged not just by word , but by deed .
And if we are to truly bring about the unity that is so crucial in this time , we must find it within ourselves to act on what we know ; to understand that living up to this country ’s ideals and its possibilities will require great effort and resources ; sacrifice and stamina .
And that is what is at stake in the great political debate we are having today .
The changes that are needed are not just a matter of tinkering at the edges , and they will not come if politicians simply tell us what we want to hear .
All of us will be called upon to make some sacrifice .
None of us will be exempt from responsibility .
We will have to fight to fix our schools , but we will also have to challenge ourselves to be better parents .
We will have to confront the biases in our criminal justice system , but we will also have to acknowledge the deep - seated violence that still resides in our own communities and marshal the will to break its grip .
That is how we will bring about the change we seek .
That is how Dr. King led this country through the wilderness .
He did it with words – words that he spoke not just to the children of slaves , but the children of slave owners .
Words that inspired not just black but also white ; not just the Christian but the Jew ; not just the Southerner but also the Northerner .
He led with words , but he also led with deeds .
He also led by example .
He led by marching and going to jail and suffering threats and being away from his family .
He led by taking a stand against a war , knowing full well that it would diminish his popularity .
He led by challenging our economic structures , understanding that it would cause discomfort .
Dr. King understood that unity cannot be won on the cheap ; that we would have to earn it through great effort and determination .
That is the unity – the hard - earned unity – that we need right now .
It is that effort , and that determination , that can transform blind optimism into hope – the hope to imagine , and work for , and fight for what seemed impossible before .
The stories that give me such hope do n’t happen in the spotlight .
They do n’t happen on the presidential stage .
They happen in the quiet corners of our lives .
They happen in the moments we least expect .
Let me give you an example of one of those stories .
There is a young , twenty - three year old white woman named Ashley Baia who organizes for our campaign in Florence , South Carolina .
She ’s been working to organize a mostly African - American community since the beginning of this campaign , and the other day she was at a roundtable discussion where everyone went around telling their story and why they were there .
And Ashley said that when she was nine years old , her mother got cancer .
And because she had to miss days of work , she was let go and lost her health care .
They had to file for bankruptcy , and that ’s when Ashley decided that she had to do something to help her mom .
She knew that food was one of their most expensive costs , and so Ashley convinced her mother that what she really liked and really wanted to eat more than anything else was mustard and relish sandwiches .
Because that was the cheapest way to eat .
She did this for a year until her mom got better , and she told everyone at the roundtable that the reason she joined our campaign was so that she could help the millions of other children in the country who want and need to help their parents too .
So Ashley finishes her story and then goes around the room and asks everyone else why they ’re supporting the campaign .
They all have different stories and reasons .
Many bring up a specific issue .
And finally they come to this elderly black man who ’s been sitting there quietly the entire time .
And Ashley asks him why he ’s there .
And he does not bring up a specific issue .
He does not say health care or the economy .
He does not say education or the war .
He does not say that he was there because of Barack Obama .
He simply says to everyone in the room , “ I am here because of Ashley . ”
By itself , that single moment of recognition between that young white girl and that old black man is not enough .
It is not enough to give health care to the sick , or jobs to the jobless , or education to our children .
But it is where we begin .
It is why the walls in that room began to crack and shake .
And if they can shake in that room , they can shake in Atlanta .
And if they can shake in Atlanta , they can shake in Georgia .
And if they can shake in Georgia , they can shake all across America .
And if enough of our voices join together ; we can bring those walls tumbling down .
The walls of Jericho can finally come tumbling down .
That is our hope – but only if we pray together , and work together , and march together .
Brothers and sisters , we can not walk alone .
In the struggle for peace and justice , we can not walk alone .
In the struggle for opportunity and equality , we cannot walk alone
In the struggle to heal this nation and repair this world , we can not walk alone .
So I ask you to walk with me , and march with me , and join your voice with mine , and together we will sing the song that tears down the walls that divide us , and lift up an America that is truly indivisible , with liberty , and justice , for all .
May
God bless the memory of the great pastor of this church , and may God bless the United States of America .
Looking to set your fish aquarium apart from the others ?
These five fascinating examples should give you some ideas .
From the Carquarium to Aquadom , you ’ll find it here .
Continue reading to see them all .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Carquarium
Maybe your fish need a change of scenery once in a while so that you do n’t get bored with them .
Or you just like extreme car modding .
For these and many other reasons , this car aquarium just seems to make sense .
[ Source ]
Tubular Fish Aquarium
Looking for an easy way to transport fish from one aquarium to the other ?
Then check out this nifty tubular fish aquarium system .
It ’s located at the “ Liquid Potion Lounge ” inside an Illinois - based coffee shop .
[ Source ]
AquaDom
AquaDom , located inside Berlin ’s Radisson SAS hotel , is touted as the world ’s largest cylindrical fish aquarium .
It stands 82 - feet tall , and houses 2600 fish of 56 species .
Unlike other fish aquariums , this one has a built - in elevator .
[ Source ]
Fish Fryer Aquarium
Called the “ Water Fryer ” , this contraption is basically a working fryer that doubles as a goldfish aquarium .
[ Source ]
Toilet Aquarium
Here ’s a first : the Japanese have built a $ 270,000 “ sub- aquatic restroom designed to recreate the pleasant sensation of relieving yourself while swimming in the ocean . ”
Gen Petraeus said he was surprised how Sunnis turned against al - Qaeda
General Petraeus
The most senior US general in Iraq has said he has evidence that Iran was behind Sunday 's bombardment of Baghdad 's heavily fortified Green Zone .
Gen David Petraeus told the BBC he thought Tehran had trained , equipped and funded insurgents who fired the barrage of mortars and rockets .
He said Iran was adding what he described as " lethal accelerants " to a very combustible mix .
There has as yet been no response from Iran to the accusations .
The rockets that were launched at the Green Zone yesterday , for example ... were Iranian - provided , Iranian - made rockets
Gen David Petraeus
Interest in Iraq slumps Troop toll ' no milestone '
In response to the news that 4,000 US military personnel have now been killed in Iraq , he said it showed how much the mission had cost but added that Americans were realistic about it .
He also said a great deal of progress had been made because of the " flipping " of communities - the decision by Sunni tribes to turn against al - Qaeda militants .
The extent of this had surprised even the US military , he said .
' Promises violated '
In an interview with BBC world affairs editor John Simpson , Gen Petraeus said violence in Iraq was being perpetuated by Iran 's Quds Force , a branch of the Revolutionary Guards .
The attacks led to 15 civilian deaths " The rockets that were launched at the Green Zone yesterday , for example ... were Iranian - provided , Iranian - made rockets , " he said , adding that the groups that fired them were funded and trained by the Quds Force .
" All of this in complete violation of promises made by President Ahmadinejad and the other most senior Iranian leaders to their Iraqi counterparts . "
The barrage hit the Green Zone on Sunday morning .
Some rockets missed their targets killing 15 Iraqi civilians .
Later in the day four US soldiers died when their patrol vehicle was blown up by a bomb in southern Baghdad , putting the total number of US fatalities above 4,000 .
This and other bloodshed on Sunday came despite an overall reduction in violence since last June , when the US deployed an extra 30,000 troops for the surge .
Days earlier , Mr Bush marked the fifth anniversary of the invasion , saying that it had made the world a better place .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
by the Gus , February - July 1996 .
Enhancements to this web version are ongoing ...
Das Dafino's Diary and Intro to Tussin DM - a former resident of the house now known as Big Fun kept a diary , and it is discovered in a pile of debris in a reforesting field .
Later , Big Funsters drink Tussin DM for the first time since the establishment of Big Fun .
Difficulties With a Much Younger Girlfriend - the hippie father of Charlottesville 's only nazi skinheads contends with the roving eyes of his twenty - something girlfriend set loose in Big Fun .
Spontaneous Actual Tussin Occurrence - Dextromethorphan ingestion in rural Virginia .
An Emo Girl in Love - An emo girl romances a suave Charlottesville underground publisher with some limited success .
Tussin and a Weird Social Mix - a nazi skinhead , some teenage girls , a cheesy speed metal guitarist , a skater punk , and a Charlottesville underground author / publisher all rendezvous with Big Funsters for Dextromethorphan - enhanced social chaos .
The New Astrology - a brief adventure into Sara Poiron 's psyche .
The Jehu End of the World Party - Big Funsters both cater and pillage a party during an influential cult 's end - of - the - world celebration .
Pirate Electricity at Big Fun-Big
Fun gets a month of free electricity with a little help from initiative , ingenuity and Taurus Rising .
A Threatened Nazi Attack !- a local nazi skinhead threatens to come whup some ass .
Grand Theft Auto ( GTA ) - an old jeep is stolen from a used car lot in Scottsville .
Rampage in Fratville - Big Funsters get drunk and tear up UVA 's Fratville .
Musings of the Gus-adventures of Big Fun alumni in the post -Big Fun age .
On campuses nationwide , professors and administrators have passionately debated whether their universities should accept money for research from tobacco companies .
But not at Virginia Commonwealth University , a public institution in Richmond , Va .
That is largely because hardly any faculty members or students there know that there is something to debate  a contract with extremely restrictive terms that the university signed in 2006 to do research for Philip Morris USA , the nation ’s largest tobacco company and a unit of Altria Group .
The contract bars professors from publishing the results of their studies , or even talking about them , without Philip Morris ’s permission .
If “ a third party , ” including news organizations , asks about the agreement , university officials have to decline to comment and tell the company .
Nearly all patent and other intellectual property rights go to the company , not the university or its professors .
“ There is restrictive language in here , ” said Francis L. Macrina , Virginia Commonwealth ’s vice president for research , who acknowledged that many of the provisions violated the university ’s guidelines for industry - sponsored research .
“ In the end , it was language we thought we could agree to .
It ’s a balancing act . ”
My last posting was about upgrading the Adobe Flash Player , a Web browser plug - in .
Adobe Systems just released a new version that fixes critical bugs in older versions , so everyone should update to the latest version .
Adobe 's Flash tester page displays the version of the Flash Player being used by your Web browser .
Sometimes though , the Firefox results may not be what you think they should be .
I 've run across a couple instances in which Firefox was not using a newly installed version of the Flash Player .
The rules for where or how Firefox loads plug-ins have changed over time , and all software vendors may not have a perfect understanding of them .
Then too , many uninstallers leave files behind ; it 's almost the rule rather than the exception .
If your copy of Firefox is n't doing what it 's supposed to do , there are two ways to find out from where it picked up a particular plug -in .
Start Firefox , and in the address bar , enter " about : config " without the quotes ( see above ) .
In the filter bar , enter " plugin " , again without the quotes .
Double - click on " plugin.expose_full_path . "
This should change the value from " false " to " true " and the status from " default " to " user set . "
Go back to the address bar , and enter " about : plugins " ( no quotes ) .
As shown below , the file name in the Shockwave Flash section has the name and the full path of the file Firefox is using for the Flash Player .
If there is no Shockwave Flash section , try visiting a Web site that uses Flash .
Adobe 's Flash tester page is a good choice .
You can also use the excellent Process Explorer program from Microsoft to see which DLL Firefox is using for the Flash Player .
In Process Explorer , click on the running instance of Firefox , click the button to show the lower pane , then use the button next to it to ensure that you are viewing DLLs rather than Handles .
Sort the list of DLLs by company name so that Adobe files appear near the top .
The current flash DLL is NPSWF32.dll .
To see where it came from in the local file system , either hover the mouse over the name of the DLL or double - click on it to open a properties window that shows the file location .
This detective work is especially important when dealing with portable versions of Firefox .
More on that soon .
See a summary of all my Defensive Computing postings .
The first technique we ’ll look at in this series is something so basic it may not even seem worth spelling out .
But sometimes old - school techniques are overlooked in the excitement of a young language .
Let ’s use as our example a hypothetical communications protocol , Flying Monkey Transport Protocol ( FMTP ) .
Flying Monkey Transport Protocol is a packet - based peer - to - peer networking protocol in which messages are transported from one peer to another by means of flying monkeys carrying satchels full of data .
As developers in the inter - kingdom IT department , it ’s our job to make sure that communications between e.g. the Wicked Witch of the East and the Lollipop Guild flow unimpeded .
Where wicked witches are concerned it ’s important that no one get mixed messages .
The interface for the Ruby FMTP implementation looks something like this :
module FMTP class Connection def initialize ( address ) # ... end def send ( message ) # ... end def receive # ... end end class Message # ... attr_reader : data end end
Once a connection is initialized , we can receive messages from the opposite peer by calling receive , which returns a @ Message@ object :
connection = FMTP ::Connection.new ( " witch.east " ) message = connection .
receive
Lately the Wicked Witch of the East has gotten rather chatty in her old age , and her messages have been exceeding maximum monkey capacity .
As a result , we ’ve been forced to start dividing her messages up across multiple monkeys .
Unfortunately , the writers of the FMTP library did not plan for this possibility , so recipients of the Witch ’s communiques have been getting truncated messages .
We ’ve been tasked with making the necessary changes in order to support multi-monkey messages .
As good Ruby programmers , we like to exploit the language ’s dyanamic features to the max .
And at first , this might seem like the perfect opportunity to use Ruby ’s capacity for runtime class modification .
We ’ll just re-open the class and patch it to do what we need :
module FMTP class Connection alias_method : receive_without_buffer , : receive def receive buffer = " " begin message = receive_without_buffer buffer < < message.data end until( message.data.include ?( " ENDENDEND " ) ) Message.new ( buffer ) end end end
But there ’s another way to accomplish the same ends .
A simpler , low - tech way : inheritance .
Inheritance has gone somewhat out of fashion in recent years .
And not without reason .
In the old days inheritance was seen as almost synonymous with object - orientation , and as a result it was frequently abused .
Programs would consist of elaborate , many - leveled inheritance heirarchies that resembled an inbred royal family tree .
These programs were hard to understand and hard to maintain .
Ruby programmers have , for the most part , learned their lesson well in this regard .
I rarely see a Ruby application with more than two layers of inheritance .
For the most part this is a good thing .
But occasionally the avoidance of inheritance leads to implementing more complex solutions in places where inheritance is a perfectly legitimate technique .
This is one of those cases .
Here is how the code would look using inheritance :
class BufferedConnection < Connection def receive buffer = " " begin message = super buffer << message.data end until( message.data.include ?( " ENDENDEND " ) ) Message.new ( buffer )
end
And here ’s how it ’s used :
connection = BufferedConnection.new ( " witch.east " ) message = connection .
receive
The difference is small , to be sure .
But the inheritance version has a number of advantages .
It ’s slightly shorter .
It ’s simpler , because there is no need to alias the original method to a new name ; we can just use @super@ .
The name @BufferedConnection@ makes it obvious that we are using a buffered variant of a @ Connection@ .
There ’s no chance of our becoming confused by the disparity between what the original @#receive@ method says , and how it actually behaves .
And we know that since we have to explicitly ask for the buffered version , there ’s no chance of our inadvertantly breaking code somewhere else in the program by changing the semantics of @ Connection@ .
It might seem like too obvious a technique to even mention .
But it ’s easy to forget about the prosaic solutions in a language that gives us so many possibilities .
You should still put some thought into whether inheritance isappropriate in any given situation .
So long as it is a legitimate IS - A relationship and the “ Liskov Substitution Principle ” : http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?LiskovSubstitutionPrinciple is satisfied , though , there ’s nothing wrong with a little good old - fashioned inheritance .
h3 . Applicability
Consider using inheritance when :
* You control object creation .
PHILADELPHIA ( Reuters ) - Democratic
White House hopeful Barack Obama on Wednesday disagreed with former President Jimmy Carter ’s overtures toward Hamas , saying he would not talk to the Islamist group until it recognized Israel and renounced terrorism .
Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) addresses members of the Alliance for American Manufacturing on the challenges facing manufacturers in the U.S. in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania April 14 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Cohn
The Illinois senator , campaigning in Pennsylvania which holds the next presidential voting contest on Tuesday , told a group of Jewish leaders he has an “ unshakable commitment ” to help protect Israel from its “ bitter enemies . ”
“ That ’s why I have a fundamental difference with President Carter and disagree with his decision to meet with Hamas , ” Obama said .
“ We must not negotiate with a terrorist group intent on Israel ’s destruction .
We should only sit down with Hamas if they renounce terrorism , recognize Israel ’s right to exist and abide by past agreements . ”
“ Hamas is not a state .
Hamas is a terrorist organization , ” he said .
Obama ’s opponents have criticized him for saying as president he would be willing to meet with foreign leaders who are hostile to the Unites States .
Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican John McCain have called those comments naive and said such meetings would bestow credibility on those leaders .
Obama and New York Sen. Clinton are waging a tight battle for the Democratic nomination to face Arizona Sen. McCain in the November election .
Obama leads in pledged delegates who will pick that nominee but the final decision may come down to party officials and dignitaries called superdelegates .
Carter , 83 , is one of those superdelegates who can vote for anyone and has not said who he supports , but has hinted he favors Obama .
During his one term as U.S. president from 1977 to 1981 , Carter brokered Israel ’s 1979 peace treaty with Egypt .
The 2002 Nobel Peace Prize winner is visiting the Middle East and has angered Israeli leaders by meeting with Hamas officials and making plans to meet the group ’s top leader , Khaled Meshaal , in Syria .
Hamas took control of the Gaza Strip by force in June and has rejected Western demands to recognize Israel , renounce violence and accept existing Israeli - Palestinian interim peace deals .
The Bush administration also opposes Carter ’s planned meeting with Meshaal .
Obama said the greatest threat to Israel comes from Iran and said the United States should talk to Iran directly .
“ My approach to Iran will be based upon aggressive diplomacy , ” he said .
“ What it means is that we come to the table with a very clear set of objectives and a very clear set of demands -- that Iran ceases from pursuing nuclear weapons , that it stops funding Hezbollah and Hamas , that it ends its noxious statements about Israel and the threats directed towards Israel , ” he said .
“ The current policy of not talking is not working and I believe its time to change that , ” he said .
LOCALS have a simple answer for why the four - storey Juyuan Middle School collapsed during the China quake , killing hundreds of children , while nearby buildings stayed standing : greed .
" Look at the building materials they used , " said one resident in this rural community in south - west China .
" The cement was n't mixed with water in the right proportion .
There are not enough steel beams .
The sand is n't clean . "
Whether short - cuts were taken to build schools has become a pressing issue following Monday 's quake , as China grapples with the fact that so many children were among the more than 50,000 people thought killed in the disaster .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
In a new TV ad airing in Iowa , Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney stepped up his attacks on rival Mike Huckabee , this time accusing the former Arkansas governor of being soft on crime .
But some of the claims Romney makes in the ad about his own crime - fighting record have raised questions .
With the crucial Iowa caucuses a little more than two weeks away , the Romney ad , titled " Choice : Judgment , " attempts to contrast his record as Massachusetts governor with Huckabee 's in Arkansas .
With pictures of the two candidates on the screen , the ad's announcer says that " Romney got tough on drugs like meth " and that " he never pardoned a single criminal . "
Watch Romney 's ad attacking Huckabee »
The announcer goes on to say Huckabee " granted 1,033 pardons and commutations , including 12 convicted murderers .
Huckabee granted more clemencies than the previous three governors combined .
Even reduced penalties for manufacturing methamphetamine . "
The announcer closes with " on crime the difference is judgment . "
Speaking to reporters Monday in Los Angeles , California , Huckabee disputed the ad , pointing to his record of carrying out the death penalty while governor as evidence that he was tough on crime .
Massachusetts does n't have the death penalty .
" The difference between us is that I did something he never had to do .
I carried out the death penalty 16 times , more than any other governor in my state 's history , " Huckabee said .
The statistics cited in Romney 's ad come from a recent Associated Press examination of Huckabee 's record of commutations and pardons .
Huckabee received more commutation and pardon requests than Romney did and rejected 78 percent of them , according to The Washington Post .
One commutation request Huckabee rejected as governor was that of convicted rapist Wayne DuMond .
But Huckabee supported DuMond 's early release , and the convict raped and murdered a woman in Missouri after his 1999 parole .
The mother of DuMond 's victim has vowed to campaign against Huckabee 's candidacy .
Romney 's claim he " got tough " on methamphetamine dealers is questionable since a proposal to stiffen sentences never passed the Massachusetts Legislature .
The former Arkansas governor also challenged Romney 's assertion that Huckabee had " reduced " the punishment for manufacturing meth .
" With Huckabee way ahead among evangelical voters , Romney is doing his best to change the subject to crime and , in an earlier ad , illegal immigration , " said Howard Kurtz , The Washington Post 's media critic and host of CNN's " Reliable Sources . "
" Huckabee may have a hard time fighting back .
He 's got little money for TV , while Romney is spending millions . "
The two candidates have been engaged in almost daily skirmishes over their records since Huckabee emerged as the front - runner in Iowa a few weeks ago , a position Romney had held .
The Iowa caucuses will be held January 3 .
Before the disagreement over crime , the two exchanged barbs over foreign policy .
In the current issue of Foreign Affairs magazine , Huckabee says , " American foreign policy needs to change its tone and attitude , open up , and reach out .
The Bush administration 's arrogant bunker mentality has been counterproductive at home and abroad . "
That stance prompted Romney , on NBC's " Meet the Press " on Sunday , to call on Huckabee to apologize to President Bush for his remarks .
" I said , ' Well , did this come from Barack Obama or from Hillary Clinton ?
Did it come from John Edwards ? '
No , it was Gov. Huckabee , " Romney told host Tim Russert .
" The truth of the matter is this president has kept us safe these last six years and that has not been easy to do . "
Huckabee said he did n't have anything for which to apologize .
" I did n't say the president was arrogant , " Huckabee told CNN on Sunday .
" One of my opponents has mistakenly , maybe purposefully , misstated my position on that .
I 've said the policies have been arrogant . "
E-mail to a friend
All About Mitt Romney • Mike Huckabee • Crime • Foreign Policy
China today said a shipment of arms destined for Zimbabwe had been recalled after southern African countries refused to allow the weapons to be unloaded .
The Chinese ship , An Yue Jiang , first ran into trouble in South Africa where dock workers refused to unload it as a gesture of solidarity with their fellow workers in Zimbabwe .
Other countries followed the example set by South Africa and refused to let the Chinese ship dock .
Zambia , which chairs the Southern African Development Community , said the weapons could deepen Zimbabwe 's election crisis .
China today said the ship would return home after its fruitless mission .
" This cargo was not unloaded because the Zimbabwe side was unable to take delivery as scheduled .
To my knowledge , the Chinese company has decided to recall the ship and the relevant goods bound for Zimbabwe , " a Chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman , Jiang Yu , told a news conference .
But she defended the shipment on the grounds that the contract for the weapons had been signed last year and was unconnected to the current crisis in Zimbabwe .
Zimbabwe 's main opposition party , the Movement for Democratic Change , which has its roots in the union movement , has accused Robert Mugabe 's government of cracking down on its supporters after the disputed elections on March 29 .
Jiang said : " It is pointless for some people to politicise this issue .
In the field of conventional weapons , we have trade relations with some countries .
These are consistent with our laws and with security council resolutions and China 's international obligations .
We have been very responsible and cautious with regards to weapons exports . "
There is no international arms embargo against Zimbabwe , and China is one of its main trade partners and allies .
The Foreign Office minister , Lord Malloch - Brown , welcomed the recall of the Chinese arms shipment .
" I think you will see huge action by government and civil society in the region , if necessary through the UN and elsewhere , to make sure no more arms reach this illegitimate government to allow it to suppress its people , " he said .
The prime minister , Gordon Brown , yesterday called for a total arms embargo on Zimbabwe as he denounced president Mugabe 's efforts to " rig the elections " .
Archbishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa backed Brown 's call for an arms embargo .
" In the meantime I hope that every country will agree to a moratorium on the supply of any arms to the country , " he said in a statement .
" If violence flares further in Zimbabwe , those supplying the weapons will be left with blood on their hands . "
But Jacob Zuma , who leads South Africa 's ruling party , today said it was not yet time for an arms embargo on Harare .
Speaking in London , where he met Brown , the leader of the African National Congress said : " I do n't think we have reached the stage for arms embargo , I think it is going too far and I think it complicates a situation that needs to be handled with great care . "
The European Union already has an arms embargo against Zimbabwe , part of sanctions in place since 2002 .
The embargo bars the 27 EU states from supplying arms or equipment intended for military operations .
The US has also imposed sanctions on Mugabe 's government .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The damaged housing and home construction markets will continue to take a beating at least through the end of the year , according to economists who spoke Thursday at a forecast conference sponsored by the National Association of Home Builders .
The economists said the deterioration of the housing market helped the U.S. economy slip into a recession that will continue through June .
They said high oil prices will continue to hamper consumer spending , and the ongoing credit crisis will make home financing difficult , stalling a housing recovery until at least 2009 .
Plummeting home prices negatively affect homeowners ' wealth , and some mortgage borrowers have found that the value of their homes has fallen below the price of their mortgages , sending some homeowners into foreclosure .
One economist forecast that before all is said and done , the housing crunch will have cost Americans $ 400 billion in lost home value .
" All this downward momentum in home prices is really screwing up the financial markets , " said NAHB chief economist David Seiders , adding , " Housing production will continue to drag on the economy until the first quarter of 2009 . "
Though the tax rebates from the government 's economic stimulus package are expected to trigger a rise in consumer spending and confidence , any bounceback in housing is forecast to be slow - a bad sign for the overall economy .
" After the stimulus checks take their effect , the economy will will need something else to support it in the first quarter of 2009 , or else the economy is in trouble , " said Seiders .
The conference was held in Washington .
Another trade group , the National Association of Realtors , reported Tuesday that sales by homeowners fell 2 % in March despite home prices falling 7.7 % in March and 8.2 % in February - the largest year - over - year price drop on record .
The median home price in the United States has tumbled 12.8 % since the record high reached in July 2006 , and existing home sales have been in a virtual free - fall since July 2007 .
But the economists said the housing market is nearing its bottom , with existing home sales bottoming out toward the end of 2008 and sales of new single - family houses picking up perhaps as early as the second half of 2008 .
" We 're not out of the woods yet , and recovery will be very tepid , " said Global Insight economist Nariman Behravesh , who predicted net home sales will enter " small positive territory " in the second half of 2008 .
Though Behravesh forecast continued recovery throughout 2009 and 2010 , he said there is legitimate concern that home prices could again slip in the first quarter of 2009 after the effect of the stimulus package wears off .
A homebuilders ' recovery may take a bit longer than the real estate market 's comeback , according to the economists .
" The explosion of single - family building permits in 2003 to 2005 produced an unsustainable , unprecedented run-up in the building economy , " said Seiders .
But when the housing market crashed , new housing permits " fell off a cliff , " according to Seiders , returning to levels not seen since the 1991 recession .
That left a huge glut of unoccupied new homes on the market without many potential buyers .
According to the National Association of Realtors report released Tuesday , there were 4.1 million available for sale , representing nearly a 9.9 month supply .
Such a high inventory competes directly with builders , as they have to curtail construction projects on new homes until supply and demand levels are more balanced .
But economists remained optimistic that a turnaround for builders would come in 2009 .
" The housing market will not regain any balance until sales resume , " said JPMorgan Chase economist Jim Glassman .
" But this may be the worst of it . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The top U.S. commander in Iraq told Congress on Tuesday he plans to stop U.S. troop withdrawals in July due to fragile security gains and heard appeals for quicker action to find a way to end the war .
Appearances by Gen. David Petraeus and the U.S. ambassador to Iraq , Ryan Crocker , drew U.S. presidential candidates eager to be heard on an issue that is among top concerns of war - weary American voters ahead of the November election .
Petraeus gave them a cautious assessment .
“ We have n’t turned any corners , we have n’t seen any lights at the end of the tunnel .
The champagne bottle has been pushed to the back of the refrigerator .
And the progress , while real , is fragile and is reversible , ” he told the Senate Armed Services Committee .
While Republican candidate Sen. John McCain said current policy is succeeding , Democratic senators Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton called for faster troop withdrawals , a move opposed by the two top U.S. officials in Baghdad .
They made their assessment a year after thousands more U.S. troops were poured into Iraq and after a new outbreak of violence in recent weeks , including the deaths of 11 American service personnel in the past 48 hours .
Petraeus told two Senate committees there has been an improvement in security in parts of Iraq but that the gains are uneven .
To avoid jeopardizing the gains of the past year , he said he had recommended a 45 - day halt in July to a series of troop withdrawals .
After that pause , he would assess conditions on the ground to determine whether security is sufficient to bring more troops home .
WITHDRAWAL TIMETABLE
He resisted any sort of timetable to bring the troops home , a position advocated by Democrats .
The United States now has 160,000 troops in Iraq .
Under plans announced last year , the Pentagon is pulling five combat brigades -- or about 20,000 troops -- out by mid-July , bringing the force level down to what it was before the troop increase .
The end result is that more than 100,000 U.S. troops could still be in Iraq until Bush leaves office in January 2009 , leaving the U.S. presence to the next president to handle .
Illinois Sen. Obama told Petraeus and Crocker at a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing that Washington needs to increase pressure on Iraqis to resolve their differences .
“ Increased pressure in a measured way , in my mind , and this is where we disagree , includes a timetable for withdrawal .
Nobody ’s asking for a precipitous withdrawal , but I do think that it has to be a measured but increased pressure , and a diplomatic surge that includes Iran , ” Obama said .
New York Sen. Clinton , who is battling Obama for the Democratic Party presidential nomination , told Petraeus at an Armed Services Committee hearing that the United States should begin withdrawing its troops from Iraq to focus on problems elsewhere .
“ I think it ’s time to begin an orderly process of withdrawing our troops , start rebuilding our military , and focusing on the challenges posed by Afghanistan , the global terrorist groups and other problems that confront Americans , ” she said .
But Arizona Republican Sen. McCain said he saw a genuine prospect of success in Iraq and warned that defeat could require U.S. troops to return in a broader war .
“ We ’re no longer staring into the abyss of defeat and we can now look ahead to the genuine process of success , ” said McCain , a strong supporter of the U.S. presence who has clinched his party ’s presidential nomination .
Slideshow ( 34 images )
POLITICAL END GAME
The unflappable Petraeus , dressed in a medal - bedecked uniform , and the urbane Crocker faced tough questioning and critical comments all day long .
Even Republicans sounded frustrated by the pace of progress in Iraq .
“ I think what people want a sense of is what the end is going to look like , ” said Tennessee Republican Sen. Bob Corker .
Ohio Republican Sen. George Voinovich said the war is costing many billions and “ in effect we ’re kind of bankrupting this country . ”
Slideshow ( 34 images )
He said Syria , Saudi Arabia and Egypt need to be told , “ Hey guys , we ’re on our way out .
We have to leave here because of our own financial situation . ”
Crocker said he shared the frustration .
“ If you decide ... that we just do n’t want to do this anymore , then we certainly owe ourselves a very serious discussion of ‘ then what ? ’
What are the consequences ?
Because my experiences in the Middle East ... frankly are that things can get really , really bad indeed , ” he said .
Crocker said major changes in U.S. policy could allow al Qaeda to gain strength in Iraq and permit Iran to increase its influence .
“ I remain convinced that a major departure from our current engagement would bring failure , ” he said .
Petraeus ’ plan to stop troop withdrawals drew a rebuke from the Armed Services Committee chairman , Michigan Democratic Sen. Carl Levin .
He called it “ an open - ended pause ” that would represent “ the next page in a war plan with no exit strategy . ”
Levin demanded to know how many U.S. troops would be in Iraq at the end of 2008 .
“ Sir , I ca n’t give you an estimate , ” said Petraeus .
Protesters several times interrupted the proceedings , providing an edgy atmosphere inside a Capitol Hill hearing room packed with news media and onlookers .
“ Bring them home ! ” shouted one demonstrator to scattered applause who was hustled out as Petraeus tried to speak .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Fox ' News ' Not Even Trying to Fake ' Fair and Balanced ' Anymore ... "
( 18 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... BOB YOUNG said on 3/4/2008 @ 3:30 am PT ...
Ann Coulter claimed that if McCain represented the GOP she would campaign for Hillory .
Maybe the " pundits " at FOX are so Totally Clueless that they believe some of the 100 % USDA certified Pure BS that Ann spreads .
That may be where they " see " that " balance " .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/4/2008 @ 4:32 am PT ...
It IS balanced : A crazy WOMAN right winger , a crazy former member of the Bush admin , a crazy brother of Bush , a crazy former Clinton backer rightwinger , and a crazy rightwing pollster !
That 's a " balanced " crosscut of CRAZY RIGHTWINGERS & REPUBLICANS !
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 3/4/2008 @ 4:58 am PT ...
Obama IMO should stay clear of Fake news period .
Also Press the Meat and all of the other ones too .
I could care less what Hillary does , shes damaged goods already anyway .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 3/4/2008 @ 7:40 am PT ...
I do n't think the case could be made that they ever really did try to present anything other than propaganda .
All that varies is the degree of untruth , which lately is getting to be quite pure propaganda .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 3/4/2008 @ 11:02 am PT ...
Fox Noise FAIRLY UNBALANCED
We distort , you comply .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 3/4/2008 @ 11:25 am PT ...
Maybe they should have hired yinz guys during the writers strike !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... greggp said on 3/4/2008 @ 11:40 am PT ...
It looks more like a police line - up than a TV line - up .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Linda said on 3/4/2008 @ 1:35 pm PT ...
This would be like if AirAmerica did a line - up that included Bill Maher , Glenn Greenwald , Jon Stewart , Howard Dean ... and Chuck Hagel .
Gosh FOX .
Thanks for balancing things up there for us all .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Kathleen said on 3/4/2008 @ 2:02 pm PT ...
Hey Brad , I am looking through many of the so called " progressive ' blogs for fair and balanced coverage on what is taking place in the Gaza .
Nothing at your place just like Crooks and Liars , Salon , Siun at Firedoglake posted a blog two days ago about this issue ( this is really stepping out for Firedoglake ) they have had a blog clog on this issue for years .
Oh you can sometimes discuss this issue ( and you maybe personally attacked for your " tone " by bloggers there who rip Reps and others whenever they please but have a different standard if you criticize Israel 's policies .
Hmmm
Why nothing at your blog about this critical issue ?
You know fair and balanced .
Well how about anything at all about this issue
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/5/2008 @ 7:57 am PT ...
. . . and no Britt Humass
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/5/2008 @ 8:13 am PT ...
Kathleen you have the floor since 3/3/2008 @ 6:36 pm PT ...
I think that 's more than fair considering the nature of the blog .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Jimmy L said on 3/5/2008 @ 11:19 am PT ...
But , that 's what the people want , is n't it ?
Sensationalized news that does n't present a fair and accurate view of anything ?
Power to the people !
If you 're a drudge fan : drudgetracker.com
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 3/5/2008 @ 4:30 pm PT ...
Today the bushies endorsed McCain , who has offered 100 more years of Iraqi mayhem , and to bomb Iran .
Bush said he had " more " to do , which could mean another attack in the mideast .
Perhaps $ 200 a barrel oil is his main goal .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/5/2008 @ 5:59 pm PT ...
The " Deserter in Queef " bush says we have to get off " the oil " .
Well ...
Thats like hitler saying be nice to the Jews . . .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/6/2008 @ 1:20 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 3/6/2008 @ 1:36 pm PT ...
JoJ , I 've started a little compilation of educational materials for you right here .
As I come across things that I feel are particularly instructive , I will add them to that post .
You can just wait until another one of your filthy comments sets me off again for updates , or just occasionally click on the picture of Palestinians burying a baby in my sidebar to check for updates .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/6/2008 @ 6:28 pm PT ...
99 ~ Since ya wanna edjumacate me .
I 'll look .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 3/6/2008 @ 11:22 pm PT ...
Care and feeding of the IBM Model M keyboard
About the 1391406 / 1391401
Ah , the mighty IBM Model M — the best keyboard ever manufactured .
The Model M was originally bundled with 8086 and 80286 IBM PS / 2 computers dating from around 1986 .
The design has not been improved on since .
Fortunately the Model M is so durable and well - made that a vintage 80's keyboard will likely still be usable today , after a decade and a half and of use and abuse .
The M's key feature is it 's wonderful clicky feel .
Tap a Model M key and it lets out two clicks , as the key is depressed and then released , click - CLACK !
The Model M gives a wonderful tactile feel of connection with the keyboard — as you depress a key , the weight required to generate a character is just right .
Why would anyone be a keyboard evangelist ?
Use a Model M and all will become clear !
I 've always said you should spend the most money you can afford on the parts of your computer that you come into contact with .
This means getting the best keyboard , mouse , and monitor you can afford .
Sure , you can buy cheapo equipment , but it wo n't last very long and you wo n't get the best use out of your machine — buy a Model M now , and you 'll still be using it when every other part of your computer has worn out or been replaced by upgrades .
The Model M weighs in around 2.25 kg / 5 lb depending on the exact model , and absolutely will not move around on your desk while typing .
Usefully , it 's the only keyboard you could use to beat someone to death if you 're ever caught in a tight spot with only computer peripherals to defend yourself .
Compare with the flexible , squishy , rubbishy " multimedia " keyboard you can buy at any old computer store .
No " Windows " keys here , no " sleep " key waiting to be pressed accidentally , a proper full - size space bar , and long backspace key .
Yes !
The Model M is a colossus among keyboard - kind .
Possibly , the only cooler keyboard is the original IBM PC - AT 84 - key board .
This is a real monster , being even heavier ( ~2.8 kg ) and more clicky than the Model M .
These things are ancient as Moses , dating from around 1984 .
Yeah , I want one , even if it requires a PC - AT to actually work .
The PC - AT works fine with a PS / 2 compatible using an AT - PS / 2 converter ( thanks to Damian Walker for this correction ) .
Buying an M
2020 note : these are prices from 2004 and as such , wildly out of date .
Occasionally British Model M boards pop up on eBay.co.uk , ones I 've seen recently have gone for around £ 20 each .
You can find US models more cheaply , but international shipping may be a problem ( 2.25 kg of plastic and metal , remember ) .
There are few other places selling them —
I 've seen them at The Keyboard Company for £ 29 , clickykeyboards.com has mainly US versions around $ 40 - 50 , and pckeyboard.com has a modern Unicomp remake of the Model M with the same keyboard feel for $ 49 for a US one , $ 79 for a board with British layout .
Required reading if shopping for an M is the Model M buyer 's guide at clickeykeyboards.com
Distinguishing features
Mine is a type 1391406 Model M manufactured in the UK in 1989 .
This is the British variant of the " International " keyboard layout — the international Model M has an L - shaped enter key with an extra key nestling in it 's crook , so it 's 102 keys total .
My M is an old - school board made by IBM United Kingdom , there are later model 1391406 keyboards made by Lexmark which have a blue IBM logo and fixed keyboard lead , these were made from 1993 onwards .
They are not as nicely made as the IBM - manufactured ones .
I understand 1391406s are comparatively rare in the US , where you are more likely to see the good ol ' models 1391401 or 42H1292 .
Consider yourself elite if you can find an M with the 12 ' keyboard cord .
British 102 - key layout : large enter key , £ shares a key with 3 , ' shares with @ , and ~ with # ( links to a larger version ) .
" Birth certificate " — Model M type 1391406 , made in Scotland 15 years ago and still going strong .
Rear view .
I heard the grille was , on an earlier model , supposed to house a speaker to give an audible " click " on pressing a key ( links to a larger version ) .
Removable PS / 2 keyboard cord for ninja mobile Model M swapping .
Battle damage .
I imagine a stressed office junior snapping and going on the rampage with his trusty keyboard .
Disassembly and cleaning
I 've never seen a 5.5 mil one , I do n't think they exist ! " , I bought one on the Internet from before removing the keycaps .
Taking apart and cleaning a Model M is relatively easy , I advise setting aside about an hour to do the actual disassembly and cleaning the parts , as well as time for the parts to dry .
You only need one proper tool , a 5.5 mm ( 7/32 " US ) nut driver like this one .
After being told by the chap in my local hardware shop that , " " , I bought one on the Internet from axminster .
co.uk .
You need a thin - walled nut driver because three of the nuts that hold the two halves of the Model M together are deeply recessed , a normal socket is way too big .
I suggest taking the M apartremoving the keycaps .
Other stuff handy to have :
A soft cloth you do n't mind ruining
Can of air duster
Cotton buds ( called Q- tips in the US )
Isopropyl alcohol for stubborn stains
Access to a sink
Other stuff handy to have : Anyway , undo the four nuts and put them in a safe place .
Lift off the top half of the keyboard 's shell and undo the nut that fixes the metal plate holding the keys to the lower half of the keyboard shell .
Your M has has likely accumulated a variety of hair , crumbs , dust and other grim stuff over it 's life , so laying down newspaper before taking it all apart is a good idea .
I can't resist showing you a few " before " pictures of the gribbliness I was dealing with :
Pictures link to zoomed - in versions ( large ! ) .
Model M keycaps come in two parts , so just pop off the top halves of the keys with your fingers — you should n't need to use a knife to pry them off .
This exposes the smaller keys you can see in the pictures above and to the right .
I suggest leaving these on and cleaning around them , best to minimise the exposure of the bucking - spring innards to dirt .
Take care removing the larger keys ( shift , space bar etc. ) as they do n't have the same small inner keys .
Some other guides to Model M cleaning recommend leaving the Caps Lock key in place as it's apparently easy to break while removing .
I popped the Caps Lock off with my fingers without breaking it , so …
Picture links to a larger version .
Picture links to a larger version .
Now you have your parts .
I put the keycaps in to soak in hot , soapy water in the sink while I dealt with the M's main board .
First give it the once - over with air duster , then wipe with a soft , damp cloth to remove the worst of the dirt .
I used dampened cotton buds to clean in between the keys , then went at the really stubborn dirt with a cotton bud and a little isopropyl alcohol .
Meanwhile , back to the keys .
My keys had some horrible ingrained grime , so I had to scrub each one individually to get it all off .
It took forever , but those keys practically shone afterward .
When you 've done this , scrub the two halves of the shell of the keyboard in hot , soapy water .
Be careful with the label on the back of the M — this is it's " birth certificate " and something buyers should look for if you ever want to sell your board .
If you are really worried , get a bit of plastic and duct tape it over the label to keep it dry .
Leave your keys and halves of the shell to dry on newspaper ( finally , I find a use for the Grauniad travel section ) , and do something useful with the time .
Maybe start that Web page about your keyboard ?
Reassemble in reverse order .
All clean !
( Links to a larger version . )
By now you have a nice , clean Model M restored to pristine condition — stop a minute to admire your handywork . :)
Sadly I was n't able to get all of the dirt out from around the edges of the IBM logo , and it does n't seem to be removeable .
Any suggestions ?
With occasional cleaning , and barring lump - hammer attack , a Model M will last decades .
in fact the only addition I see being useful in years to come is a dongle to convert a Model M to USB , for when all motherboards have gone ' legacy free ' ( feh ) .
I 'm sure you 've been waiting for this bit , so onwards to the cheesecake photos of the clean M :
These pictures link to larger versions
Links to more Model M pages
And as if this change in circumstance were n’t enough : a year after my article and book appeared , the company that had made the boldest promises about its ability to deliver a small , cheap jet — Eclipse Aviation , of Albuquerque , the very company I had featured in my story — revealed the humiliating news that the radically light and efficient new engine around which it had designed the airplane was just not going to work .
Eclipse put plans for its vaunted new EA500 jet on hold until it could figure out a replacement engine .
Because of problems like these — and more — the aviation establishment has also been highly skeptical that light - jet air taxis could ever pay their way .
The prominent analyst Richard Aboulafia , of the Teal Group , in suburban Washington , has argued that the potential market is so small , and the costs and risks so large , that the air - taxi concept is mainly hype and wishful thinking .
Certainly , the vision might turn out to be a mirage .
Given the rocky history of most air - travel companies , that may be the most likely result .
Still : early this year , on a visit home from China , I stepped inside one of those very same EA500 airplanes and took a 40 - minute flight at more than 350 miles per hour .
The plane took off from Boca Raton , Florida , which has a small airport but no commercial airline flights .
It landed about 160 miles north in Florida at Lakeland , a sizable inland city with a large runway - and - terminal complex but no commercial flights .
If I ’d been driving , the trip would have taken about four hours .
If I ’d booked this seat on the plane ( it was a free demo flight ) , I would have spent about $ 275 — a tiny fraction of normal business - jet costs , and about $ 50 less than a US Airways shuttle between Washington and New York , which covers about the same distance .
Two pilots sat in the front of the airplane , whose interior is the size of an unusually roomy SUV’s .
After the plane had climbed above 10,000 feet , one of them turned around and offered to chat and answer questions .
I sat in the second row , in one of two leather bucket seats with as much legroom as domestic airlines offer in first class and plenty of room for working on a laptop or with an open briefcase .
In the other seat was Bruce Holmes , a retired NASA official who had spent much of his career developing plans and promoting support for a “ Small Aircraft Transportation System , ” which he imagined as a modern aerial complement to the interstate highways .
There was space for one more passenger , in a seat behind us that had less legroom but as much as normal airline economy class .
The plane is designed for shortish business trips rather than long hauls with a lot of cargo , but it allows up to 40 pounds of baggage per passenger .
The flight was operated by the DayJet company , the most successful and fastest - growing of several companies that are racing to put Holmes ’s vision into practice .
Others include SATSAir and ImagineAir , which operate in the Southeast using propeller - driven Cirrus SR - 22 airplanes , with four seats and a parachute that can bring the whole airplane down safely in an emergency .
Linear Air , another new air - taxi company , serves cities in the Northeast with Cessna turboprops and Eclipse jets .
At the beginning of last year , DayJet , which is based in Boca Raton , had 70 employees but no airplanes or paying customers .
Last September , it carried its first paying customer on its first “ on demand ” flight ( from Boca Raton to Tallahassee ) , meaning the customer — and not an airline schedule — specified when he wanted to leave and arrive .
By the time I visited , this February , it was operating 28 Eclipse airplanes , serving 45 cities in Florida and the Southeast , and employing 270 people .
By the end of this year , DayJet expects to be flying 100 airplanes , serving 100 destinations , and employing 800 people .
Of the 350 customers who had used its service within the first three months , 40 percent had booked a repeat flight .
In September 2007 , anti-piracy company MediaDefender 's emails went public after a hacker gained access to their systems .
The attacks cost the company a huge amount of money , not to mention acute embarrassment .
Now the person behind the attacks speaks .
The whole Media Defender scandal needs little introduction .
The anti-piracy company is incredibly unpopular with most of the file - sharing community , so when they fell victim to a hacker and their company secrets spread all over the Internet , few held much sympathy for them .
Soon it became known that a shadowy group known as MediaDefender - Defenders appeared to be behind the attack – they host the Media Defender emails on their website to this day , but little was known about the chain events , or who was behind them – until now .
In an interview with portfolio , the hacker ( using the pseudonym ‘ Ethan ’ ) explains how things led up to the leak .
Ethan , a polite high - school student who lives with his family , was on his Christmas break when he first gained access to the anti-piracy companies servers by exploiting a weakness in their firewall .
This was the end of 2006 , at a time when business was still good for Media Defender , with revenue standing at nearly $ 16 m .
The interviewer , Daniel Roth , says he communicated with Ethan on pre-pay phone to ensure security .
Meeting after school in a local bookstore , Ethan handed over a flash drive holding confidential Media Defender information , explaining that the initial security breach had n’t amounted to much and that he had difficulty in gaining the interest of fellow hackers .
However , a few months later Ethan decided to go back and take a second look – which bore more fruit – giving him access to the company ’s email , it ’s networked resources and even its telephone system .
He then explains how he passed on some of the information to a fellow hacker who gained access to Media Defender servers and used them for denial - of - service attacks .
Logging in a handful of times each month through the summer of 2007 , Ethan started to get bored with ‘ Monkey Defenders ’ – his pet name for the anti-piracy outfit .
Deciding to go out with a bang , he and the Media Defender - Defenders gathered thousands of the company ’s internal emails and published them on web .
A text file included with the emails stated : “ By releasing these emails we hope to secure the privacy and personal integrity of all peer - to - peer users .
The emails contains information about the various tactics and technical solutions for tracking p2p users , and disrupt p2 p services , ” and “ A special thanks to Jay Maris , for circumventing there entire email - security by forwarding all your emails to your gmail account ”
Just days later , slamming the anti-piracy company again and again seemed to be the aim of Ethan and friends , as they released a private telephone conversation with the New York attorney general ’s office , a P2P tracking database , followed a few days later by all of Media Defender ’s anti-piracy tools .
Ethan said that he did n’t set out to ruin Media Defender : “ In the beginning , I had no motivation against Monkey Defenders ” he said .
“ It was n’t like , ‘ I want to hack those bastards ’ .
But then I found something , and the good nature in me said , These guys are not right .
I ’m going to destroy them . ”
Ethan , who is now sought after by the FBI because of the leaked emails , is getting close to this goal .
It all went downhill for MediaDefender after the leaks got out .
In November it turned out that MediaDefender ’s parent company ArtistDirect lost almost $ 1,000,000 because of the hack , and their stock price plunged soon after that .
To make it even worse , a week after the sensitive information was made public , the Pirate Bay launched a counterattack against their arch rival .
They decided to use the information from the emails to file charges against some of MediaDefenders customers including Paramount Home Entertainment , Twentieth Century Fox and Universal Music Group for corrupting and sabotaging their BitTorrent tracker .
There is no doubt that the pirates have won this battle , and it will be very hard for MediaDefender to regain their credibility .
To quote MediaDefender CEO Randy Saaf : “ This is really fucked … ” .
Yes , I ’m afraid it is Randy .
A US missile strike in Somalia , aimed at a man described by the Pentagon as a " known al - Qa'ida terrorist " , succeeded only in hurting six civilians and killing three cows and a calf , the IoS has learned .
At least one Tomahawk missile was believed to have been fired from a US submarine off the Somali coast on Monday .
It hit a shack in the small town of Dobley , four miles from the Kenyan border .
Dobley is one of several towns and villages in southern Somalia that are now under the administration of Islamists connected to the former Union of Islamic Courts ( UIC ) , which briefly controlled most of southern and central Somalia in 2006 .
The attack was the fourth known strike by the US inside Somalia since it backed Ethiopia 's invasion of the country in December 2006 .
All have been aimed at men Washington believes to be responsible for terrorist attacks in East Africa .
None has been successful .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan , the target of Monday 's attack , is wanted in connection with the 1998 US embassy bombings in Nairobi and Dar es Salaam , which killed at least 224 people .
He is also believed to be connected to the suicide bombing of a Mombasa hotel in 2002 , which killed 13 people , and a failed attack on an Israeli airliner .
America 's emphasis on the conflict in Somalia as a third front in the " war on terror " has perturbed aid workers , diplomats and analysts .
The US backed an invasion by Ethiopia to oust the UIC and is resisting efforts by Somalia 's new Prime Minister , Nur Adde , to make overtures to opposition groups that Washington insists are " terrorists " .
The US is planning to designate al Shabbab , the main insurgent movement in Somalia , a terrorist group .
Diplomats and analysts agree that the group has links with al - Qa'ida , but say the move would derail any hope of a negotiated solution .
Africa Unscrambled : Read Steve Bloomfield 's blog at independent.co.uk/bloomfield
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
Teetering between its medieval past and the “ Age of Reason , ” early 18th - century London was an environment in which the ancient practice of astrology held wide appeal .
No astrologer was more influential than John Partridge , a part - time cobbler and quack whose Merlinus Almanac delivered a healthy sense of impending doom to thousands of discerning readers each year .
As with all astrologers , Partridge ’s predictions had a habit of being vague , noncommittal , and wrong .
Nevertheless , his position as a leading astrologer and physician went largely unchallenged among a London society eager to find order and meaning in its world .
All of that was about to change in January of 1708 .
In that month , a short almanac under the name Predictions for the Year 1708 was published across the city by a previously - unheard - of astrologer identifying himself as “ Isaac Bickerstaff , Esq . ”
The paper was written , the author claimed , “ to prevent the people of England from being farther imposed on by vulgar almanack - makers . ”
Such boastful tirades were nothing new ; what made Bickerstaff ’s publication unusual was that he seemed to have the results to back himself up .
Following his opening rant , he moved into a long list of strikingly bold and precise predictions unlike anything that had been seen before .
Beginning the list was this :
“ My first prediction is but a trifle …
It relates to Partridge the almanack - maker ; I have consulted the stars of his nativity by my own rules , and find he will infallibly die upon the 29th of March next , about eleven at night , of a raging fever ; therefore I advise him to consider of it , and settle his affairs in time . ”
Word of Bickerstaff ’s pamphlet quickly spread across London .
Although astrologers , Partridge among them , were notorious for predicting the deaths of notable people each year , none dared to name a specific timeframe⁠ ⁠— or to target one of their own .
The almanac reached far enough to be read and burned by the Portuguese Inquisition , while Partridge fanned the flames with a harshly - written reply to Bickerstaff .
It read in part : “ His whole design was nothing but Deceit , / The End of March will plainly show the Cheat . ”
Some wondered if the entire commotion was a joke by Bickerstaff , but the motivation for such a thing was hard to imagine⁠⁠ — if he were false , he would be exposed and forgotten in just a few short weeks .
In the meantime , all of London sat in anticipation .
And incredibly , on the 30th of March , word of Partridge did indeed arrive .
A letter written to an unnamed lord and titled “ The Accomplishment of the First of Mr. Bickerstaff ’s Predictions ” began to circulate around the city .
In it , an anonymous man “ employed in the Revenue ” reported sitting at Partridge ’s bedside on the evening of March 29 .
Partridge , he recalled , had fallen ill some three days earlier and was by then beyond hope .
In his final hours , he had confessed to being a fraud and named Bickerstaff ’s prediction as the self - fulfilling prophesy that had put him in this state .
Finally , he had succumbed to his fever at 7:05 PM ⁠⁠ — just four hours off the time predicted by Bickerstaff .
The news left London in a state of shock and wonder .
At the same moment it had lost one of its oldest and most respected almanac writers , the city had gained what was surely the first indisputably genuine astrologer in history .
The implications were staggering .
John Partridge ( image courtesy of Deb Houlding , www.skyscript.co.uk)
It ’s likely that no one was as surprised to hear the news as John Partridge .
For Partridge , as it happened , was alive and well , having spent the night of March 29 smugly celebrating his victory over the fraud Isaac Bickerstaff .
Word of his death became widespread on the morning of April 1 , making it apparent that Partridge had been the victim of one of history ’s grandest All Fools ’
Day pranks .
But Partridge ’s ordeal was only beginning .
It ’s reported that he woke up the morning of his death to the sound of the church bell announcing his passing .
Before long , he was visited by an undertaker looking to prepare his home , and later by the church sexton seeking orders for the funeral sermon .
Throughout the day a string of mourners , funeral workers , and church officials were shooed from the cobbler ’s door .
It was n’t difficult to piece together what had happened .
The letter announcing Partridge ’s death had , of course , been written by Isaac Bickerstaff himself ⁠⁠— as he had planned to do from the very start .
But this one authentic - sounding account was more than enough to convince London of the news .
Partridge ’s name was removed from the Stationer ’s Register ⁠⁠ — making him essentially legally dead⁠⁠ — and crowds of his fans held vigils outside his home .
Meanwhile , Partridge ’s published responses asserting his continued functioning went largely ignored .
The public had decided he was dead , and the words of a dead man obviously could n’t be trusted .
Some Londoners seemed to genuinely believe the good astrologer was deceased , while others merely reveled in tormenting him ; Partridge would frequently be stopped on the street for inquiries into how his widow was coping , or to be chided for lacking the decency to be properly buried .
The old astrologer had no shortage of enthusiastic enemies willing to perpetuate the myth of his death , and the more literarily inclined among them⁠⁠ — some the past victims of Partridge ’s own predictions ⁠⁠— set about printing additional denials and confirmations of his passing , adding to the confusion .
Some of these forgeries were released under Partridge ’s own name , making it difficult to separate his genuine protests from the comically - enhanced accounts of his imposters .
What is clear is that the hoax plagued Partridge for the rest of his life .
As a preface to all of his future public dealings he would invariably need to argue⁠⁠ — sometimes unsuccessfully ⁠⁠— that he was the real John Partridge and that he was n’t dead .
Even among those who knew he was alive , Partridge had become something of a living joke , so that he was unlikely to be taken seriously any longer as a sober dispenser of astrology or medicine .
Publication of his almanac ceased , and while he was far from ruined , the Bickerstaff incident essentially marked the end of Partridge ’s life as a public figure .
He spent the rest of his days trying to discover the true identity of Isaac Bickerstaff , but to no avail .
The answer that eluded Partridge was not lost to history .
It was eventually uncovered that Isaac Bickerstaff was a pseudonym for none other than the legendary author and cleric Jonathan Swift .
In the years before writing such classic works of satire as Gulliver ’s Travels and “ A Modest Proposal , ” Swift amused himself by terrorizing his friends and enemies with elaborate pranks on All Fools ’
Day , his favorite holiday .
Not a fan of charlatan physicians and astrologers to begin with , Swift had taken a special interest in John Partridge over some sarcastic remarks the old cobbler had made about Swift ’s employer , the Church of England .
Swift published as Bickerstaff one last time in 1709 with a letter titled “ A Vindication of Isaac Bickerstaff . ”
In it , he outlined a series of elegant arguments to prove that Partridge was indeed dead .
Among them , he reasoned that it was “ sure no man alive ever writ such damn ’d stuff ” as the tripe printed in Partridge ’s almanacs , and that Partridge ’s wife had been heard to swear that “ her husband had neither life nor soul in him . ”
Jonathan Swift
“ Therefore , ” Swift continued , “ if an uninformed carcass walks still about and is pleased to call itself Partridge , Mr. Bickerstaff does not think himself any way answerable for that . ”
Swift had by now abandoned all pretense of seriousness , but it no longer mattered .
In the end , half of Swift ’s prophesy came true : John Partridge did eventually die .
The precise date fell somewhere around 1715 , putting Swift ’s prediction off by a mere 62,000 hours⁠⁠ — the blink of an eye on fate ’s great cosmic scale .
Partridge ’s legacy included an impressive assortment of publications , titles , and honors , but he would be remembered for nothing better than the epitaph written for him by Isaac Bickerstaff , Esq. in 1708 .
Rotate Your Text 180°
Type some text in the top box , and get that text flipped upside - down in the bottom box .
The trick is that the upside down letters are just latin and other letters that look like english letters upside down .
Still kind of neat though .
type your text here .
We can write any expression like as a full binary tree where the nodes denote evaluation of the left child at the right , and the leaves are values :
Figure 1 :
[ In the caption of figure 1 , the expression is slightly different ; when using trees , it ’s more convenient to curry all the functions — that is , replace every comma “ , ” by back - to - back parens : “ ) ( ” . ]
The continuation passing transform ( Yoneda embedding ) first reflects the tree across the vertical axis and then replaces the root and all the left children with their continuized form — a value gets replaced with a function value
Figure 2 :
What does this evaluate to ?
Well ,
As we hoped , it ’s the continuization ( Yoneda embedding ) of the original expression .
Iterating , we get
Figure 3 :
At this point , we get an enormous simplification : we can get rid of overlines whenever the left and right branch both have them .
For instance ,
Actually working out the whole expression would mean lots of epicycular reductions like this one , but taking the shortcut , we just get rid of all the lines except at the root .
That means that we end up with
for our final expression .
However , if this expression is just part of a larger one — if what we ’re calling the “ root ” is really the child of some other node — then the cancellation of lines on siblings applies to our “ root ” and its sibling , and we really do get back to where we started !
Subpoenas were issued in six New Jersey counties today , demanding that officials turn over for testing all voting machines where discrepancies were found in the presidential primary tallies .
Election officials in Bergen , Gloucester , Mercer , Middlesex , Ocean and Union counties were instructed to turn over the machines by April 15 .
Activists trying to persuade Superior Court Judge Linda Feinberg that electronic voting machines should be discarded succeeded in convincing her that examining these counties ' machines is critical to their case .
" In order to succeed in our case and show Sequoia machines are insecure and can be hacked into , we need to look at these machines , " Venetis argued .
Clerks in the six counties uncovered discrepancies in 60 machines when they doubled check the vote tallies after the Feb. 5 presidential primary .
Michelle Shafer , a spokeswoman for Sequoia in California , said her company would try to have the subpoenas quashed .
But no motions were filed today with Superior Court Judge Linda Feinberg , who is presiding over the case in Trenton .
Sequoia maintained the errors found in the presidential primary were due to poll workers pushing the wrong buttons on the control panels .
The company resisted calls for independent testing of the machines .
Read the full story in Wednesday 's Star - Ledger .
Yes , let ’s make sure we ’re not too generous to our troops risking their lives in Afghanistan and Iraq .
From Democratic nominee Barack Obama today :
There is no reason we should n’t pass the 21st Century GI Bill that is being debated in Congress right now .
It was introduced by my friend Senator Jim Webb , a Marine who served as Navy Secretary under President Ronald Reagan ..
His plan has widespread support from Republicans and Democrats .
It would provide every returning veteran with a real chance to afford a college education , and it would not harm retention .
I have great respect for John McCain ’s service to this country and I know he loves it dearly and honors those who serve .
But he is one of the few Senators of either party who oppose this bill because he thinks it ’s too generous .
I could n’t disagree more .
At a time when the skyrocketing cost of tuition is pricing thousands of Americans out of a college education , we should be doing everything we can to give the men and women who have risked their lives for this country the chance to pursue the American Dream .
So I did a little more reading on this .
And Obama is n’t kidding .
McCain says the bill gives our troops too much .
Seriously .
McCain is opposing Senator Webb ’s proposed GI Bill because it helps our troops too much .
So McCain has introduced another bill that gives our troops fewer benefits .
Nice .
Funny , then , that the benefits in McCain ’s bill fall well short of those provided by the proposal he refused to endorse .
That bill , sponsored by Sens. James Webb ( D - Va. ) and Chuck Hagel ( R - Neb. ) , offers Iraq and Afghanistan vets full tuition , room , board and supplies at any state school , despite the cost .
It also makes no distinction between active - duty troops and members of the Guard and Reserves — a provision added in recognition of the unprecedented reliance of today ’s volunteer military on those service - members .
In fact , one of the central criticisms of the Webb - Hagel bill — from both the White House and many congressional Republicans — is that it ’s too generous , and therefore will encourage service - members to abandon the military in favor of college .
Offer a lesser benefit package , the theory goes , and the troops are more likely to stay in their boots .
( Supporters of the Webb - Hagel bill , including a number of veterans advocacy groups , say the better benefits will encourage recruitment , therefore nullifying any retention problems that might occur on the other end . )
Republicans talk about honoring our troops .
Democrats actually honor them .
In Warhawk , players experience the thrill of white - knuckle aerial combat with hundreds of enemy fighters , bone - crunching armored assaults and high - intensity infantry combat in a massive , all - out war fought both on the ground and in the skies .
During gameplay , players are tasked with protecting their homeland from the invading Chernovan armada .
By doing so , players take command of the most advanced war machine in the fleet , the Warhawk , capable of aerobatic dogfights at high speeds or hovering over ground troops providing tactical support .
Players continue the battle on foot with an arsenal of weaponry including pistols , rifles , grenades and more .
Furthermore , players can gain access to an array of ground vehicles and lay waste with powerful weapons mounted on jeeps , tanks and specialty transports .
The graphics and power of PS3 set the stage for a truly unique Warhawk universe filled with hundreds of on - screen vehicles and troops , floating battleships , cruisers and carriers , captivating landscapes , destructible cities , and vibrantly detailed environments for both off - and online gameplay .
Warhawk is currently available for download or Blu - Ray ( $ 60 , but includes a Bluetooth headset . )
v1.3 Patch Details :
# 1 Mechanic ’s Field Wrench :
As you might expect , this piece of equipment is used to repair vehicles .
Once you get the pickup , you swing it just like the combat blade .
Then , just walk up to , or onto an allied vehicle and “ whack ” it with the wrench .
It repairs wicked fast so it ’s very effectively during combat .
On the offensive side , not only is it still a one - hit - kill against troops , but it can be used to damage enemy vehicles as well !
# 2 Bio-Field Generator :
To use a Bio - Field , grab the pick up and throw it down like a proximity mine .
It sticks to walls , ceilings , anything …including vehicles .
Then , if any ally stands within its bio-reactive field , his health will quickly regen .
Alternatively , and this is where some neat tactics emerge , if an enemy walks into the bio- field ( yes , bio - fields are color coded ) , they ’ll take damage – their lungs sizzling like bacon … . mmmmm bacon .
This new equipment makes life as a ground troop more balanced , and we ’re really looking forward to seeing how the battlefield changes once the patch is released !
# 3 HOME Game Launching :
So the HOME integration is coming along nicely and this update includes a great , and much needed feature for Warhawk .
With the release of v1.3 patch , players will be able to form groups , meet in their apartments , discuss tactics , and then launch a game of Warhawk … all together !
When you ’re in your apartment , all you do is whip - out your virtual PSP , select ‘ create game ’ and pick Warhawk .
From there , you get to start your own player server , pick a game rotation , set server options and then … BAM !!
Launch Warhawk with all of your friends !!
You can also pick to not make your game viewable to the other Warhawk players around the world , or you can make it a ‘ public ’ game that puts all of your friends into the server together , and leaves open slots for other global Warhawk players join .
Games launched from HOME show up in the global games list in an attactive gold color .
New VOIP Options :
We now allow players to select between PTT and Open - Mic .
Players can also tune the voice - activation level so they do n’t accidentally broadcast their girlfriend or boyfriend blabbering - on in the background .
Players also now get to more clearly see who ’s talking .
It ’s displayed on the right side of the screen .
And yes , the picture below is correct .
We also now support an “ all - talk ” server option so that you can enable cross - team trash talk .
What else…oh yeah , we now display which player is speaking at the score screen too .
And …we let you pick players from the score screen to mute / un - mute their VOIP .
New Paint Schemes & Insignias :
If you ’re an avid Warhawk player and / or read this blog with any regularity , then you know that we are sponsoring a contest that allows players to submit their own , custom , paint schemes for the Nemesis and Warhawk .
We ’re also allowing players to submit custom insignias too .
’ll be picking the winners and including these new customizations with the v1.3 patch .
Related articles , Click here !
I have just released a first version of a syntax extension for OCaml , improving comprehension for lists , strings , streams , lazy lists and arrays .
More informations here .
Je viens de publier la première version d’une extension de syntaxe pour OCaml qui améliore la compréhension des listes , chaînes de caractères , flux , listes paresseuses et tableaux .
Plus de détails ici .
By Ben Lowings
BBC News
A swarm of locusts can devour as much food as 2,500 people Scientists say they may have discovered the reason why swarms of locusts are driven to devour such huge quantities of vegetation .
They suggest that locusts combine into swarms because they are frightened of being eaten by each other .
The findings by researchers from the US , UK and Australia were published in the journal Current Biology .
A swarm can contain billions of insects and eat tens of thousands of tonnes of vegetation in a single day .
Find out about the locust 's life cycle
Sounding like waves of rain , it darkens the desert sky and descends to destroy swathes of food crops .
It is a chilling sight for farmers in many of the world 's poorest countries .
Fields are stripped bare .
It has a huge impact on food supplies for whole countries .
Seen eating each other No-one is sure exactly what makes locusts swarm in this way .
They are usually herbivores but scientists have observed them eating each other .
This is when they cannot get hold of enough food when normal supplies start to run short .
Young locusts , which cannot fly , have been seen eating other members of their group .
The new theory suggests that some other locusts start to panic .
Increasing numbers of locusts band together to try to get away from the hungry cannibals chasing behind .
They keep this momentum when they reach the adult phase of their life cycle and take to the air .
The study 's authors hope their work will contribute to understanding when , where and why these bands of young locusts form .
This , they say , will be crucial for controlling locust populations and , ultimately , for warding off disasters for people .
Click here to return
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Ok , here is some working code for face detection using the XO ’s webcam .
It requires the opencv , opencv - python , and xawtv packages .
Xawtv can be skipped if you change it to use gstreamer instead , but gstreamer takes around 3 seconds to initialize the camera , take a picture , and save it .
Xawtv , on the other hand , takes about a half second .
The face detection algorithm , from OpenCV itself takes anywhere from 0.1 seconds to 3 seconds depending on what parameters you choose .
I chose ones that seem to work almost all of the time and take about 0.25 seconds .
Object detection is pretty fascinating stuff , and well beyond the scope of this blog post , so I ’ll just refer you to this pdf .
By training and customizing Haar files , one could detect an endless possibility of objects .
Gesture detection and sign language to tex tare two of the more interesting possibilities .
If I can find image databases , I might try training a Haar filter for hand detection .
This is basically just proof of concept code attached .
I ’m going to try a v4l2 python library and package something up as a usable XO activity this weekend .
To run this , just put both of the files below in the same directory and run “ python face.py ” .
Assuming you ’re on an XO and you have opencv , opencv - python , and xawtv installed , it should pause for a second while the camera turns on and captures a picture , and then display an image with any faces enclosed by green rectangles .
It works best if most of your head is within the image frame and there is a decent amount of light .
Face detection script
The Haar cascade file that it uses
Related Posts
Ugandan police say a mysterious object which landed in the garden of a peasant woman in central Uganda is part of a space rocket .
Initially , it was thought to be a meteorite , but further investigation revealed it to be man-made .
It was dusk when the unidentified object hurtled into the garden of an elderly peasant woman .
And , astonished eyewitnesses reported hearing a thunderous noise as it landed .
Pot shaped object
At first , the villagers thought it might be a bomb , but further scrutiny revealed something more mysterious .
The object is spherical , like a big pot , and about a metre in diameter .
Ugandan police who removed it from the garden concluded that the object is a booster for a space rocket .
Experts say it is extremely rare for man-made space debris to fall to earth - most of it gets burnt up as it re-enters the atmosphere .
But occasionally , perhaps once or twice a year , a big chunk of it gets through .
What is virtually unheard of is for it to land in someone 's garden .
Tourist attraction
Sightseers have reportedly been flocking to the woman 's farm .
They have been trampling through the back yard of her mud house to see where the rocket fragment buried itself in the earth .
Ugandan police say the booster is now under lock and key in their stores .
They would like its owner , most likely either the American or the Russian government , to come forward and retrieve the lost property .
As the presidential campaign enters its final stages , there will be increased debate over budget priorities and how they will be paid for .
Many commentators and political leaders , including Sens.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , believe that tax increases are needed to restore near - term budget balance and finance longer - term entitlement growth .
These ...
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) -- Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr called on followers to stop shooting and cooperate with Iraqi security forces Sunday , a move Iraq 's government praised as a step toward ending six days of fighting that has left hundreds dead .
A Shiite fighter runs toward an Iraqi Army armored vehicle Sunday after clashes near a TV station in Basra .
" We announce our disavowal from anyone who carries weapons and targets government institutions , charities and political party offices , " al - Sadr said in a nine - point statement issued by his headquarters in Najaf .
The statement was accompanied by demands that the Iraqi government issue a general amnesty to his followers and release any being held .
The statement was distributed across Iraq and posted on the Internet .
The move was welcomed by Iraq 's government , whose forces have been fighting al - Sadr 's militia , the Mehdi Army , in six days of clashes with so - called " outlaws " who had taken control of much of the southern city of Basra .
U.S. and coalition troops have been supporting the Iraqi offensive .
Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki , who had vowed not to leave Basra until his government reclaimed control of the city , called al - Sadr 's statement a " step in the right direction " and said he hoped it would help to stabilize the region .
" We renew our assurance that the process of enforcement [ of ] the law in Basra does not target any political or religious group , including the Sadr movement , " al - Maliki said in a prepared statement .
Witnesses reported continued clashes throughout the day in Basra even after Sunday 's announcements .
But Iraqi authorities said after al - Sadr 's announcement they would lift an indefinite curfew that had been imposed on Baghdad since Thursday .
Watch how the cease - fire affects Shiite vs. Shiite fights »
The curfew is scheduled to be lifted 6 a.m. Monday ( 11 p.m. Sunday ET ) , said Gen. Qassim Atta , an Iraqi military spokesman .
But a vehicle ban will stay in place in three Shiite militia strongholds -- neighborhoods in the capital , including Sadr City , Kadhimiya and Shulaa , Atta said .
A curfew that was imposed on Basra was lifted Saturday .
Al - Sadr 's statement came after what an aide described as direct talks between al - Sadr 's representatives and the Iraqi government in Najaf that started Saturday night .
Iraqi government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh denied there were talks with al - Sadr 's representatives , directly or indirectly .
But speaking on Iraqi state TV , al - Dabbagh said " A large number of people will listen to Muqtada al - Sadr 's call . "
" Life will return to all of Iraq as before , " he said .
" The statement is positive and responsive ; we as the government of Iraq believe this effort will be in the common interest and help the security efforts that the government is working to achieve . "
Death tolls are difficult to obtain , but reports from Iraqi and coalition authorities suggest more than 400 people have died since fighting began Tuesday .
The fighting has been heaviest in Basra , Iraq 's second - largest city and major oil port , and a U.S. military analysis of the battle indicated the government push was not going as well as American officials had hoped , several U.S. officials said Friday .
In Washington , CIA Director Michael Hayden told NBC's " Meet the Press " Sunday that about 70 percent of Basra was under the control of " criminal elements " when the assault was launched .
Though the increase in violence was disappointing , he said , the government assault " was something that we all knew we had to go through . "
" This was inevitable .
This had to be resolved .
You just can't have the second major city in the country -- economically , the most important city in the country -- beyond the control of the government , " Hayden said .
Top U.S. officials , including President Bush , have praised al - Maliki 's operation as a sign of a strengthening Iraqi government .
But Hayden and Sen. Lindsey Graham , R - South Carolina , said the Iraqis did not consult them before launching their offensive .
" We 'll see how well the Iraqi army fought .
We 'll see how well it was planned and executed .
And we may find that the Iraqi army did not do a very good job of planning and executing this effort , " Graham , a Senate colleague and close ally of Republican presidential candidate Sen.
John McCain , told " Fox News Sunday . "
Graham said the militia fighters that Iraqi troops are battling are backed by Iran , which he said was " killing Americans " by arming the militias .
But Rhode Island Sen. Jack Reed said Iran has close ties to all of Iraq 's Shiite factions , including al - Maliki's Dawa party and the country 's largest Shiite religious party , the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq .
" The notion that this is a fight by American allies against Iranian - inspired elements is not accurate , " said Reed , a leading Democrat on the Senate Armed Services Committee .
Al - Sadr 's political movement holds 30 seats in Iraq 's 275 - member parliament and was once a partner in al - Maliki 's ruling coalition .
The party quit the government in 2007 after al - Maliki refused to demand a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops .
The cleric 's supporters have linked the government offensive to provincial elections slated to take place October 1 .
Nassar al - Rubaie , an official in al - Sadr 's political movement , said the army and police were being used " for political reasons . "
A high - ranking Iraqi security official said at least 200 people have been killed and 500 wounded in Basra battles since Tuesday .
More than 100 had been killed in Baghdad as of Sunday , with another 100 - plus killed in clashes in other cities in southern Iraq , Iraqi authorities reported .
U.S. and British forces have supported Iraqi troops with airstrikes and shelling in Basra , as well as reconnaissance and intelligence , coalition military officials have said .
U.S. troops have also conducted raids and engaged in gun battles with militia fighters alongside Iraqi troops .
U.S. airstrikes killed at least 15 people in Baghdad neighborhoods known to be Mehdi Army strongholds Sunday morning , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said .
And Baghdad 's International Zone -- where many Iraqi government buildings and embassies are located -- was targeted again Sunday by rockets or mortars , but no injuries or damage was immediately reported , a U.S. Embassy official said .
Also on Sunday , roadside bombings in northern and western Iraq killed two U.S. troops , while attacks on Iraqi police and others left another 19 dead , Iraqi police and U.S. military officials reported .
One roadside bombing killed a U.S. soldier north of Baghdad , while a Marine died in another bombing in the western province of Anbar , the U.S. military headquarters there reported .
No details of the attacks were released .
The latest attacks bring the U.S. death toll in the 5 - year - old war to 4,009 .
Other developments
• In northern Iraq , five Iraqi police officers were killed and two bystanders were wounded when gunmen attacked a police patrol in the town of Dhuluiyah Sunday , Samarra police said .
• The U.S. military said Sunday it found a mass grave with 14 bodies near Muqdadiya .
The bodies , which showed signs of torture , appeared to have been in the grave for two to six months .
They were found 100 yards from where 37 bodies were found buried Thursday , the military said .
• Ten people were killed Sunday when a suicide car bomb struck a checkpoint manned by members of the Awakening Council , Baiji police said .
Four members of the council were among the dead .
Awakening Councils are largely Sunni security groups that have been recruited by the U.S. military .
• Also in Baiji , a child was killed and seven civilians were wounded when a mortar landed in a residential area Saturday afternoon , Baiji police said Sunday .
• In Samarra , gunmen stormed the home of an Awakening Council member , killing him and his son .
His wife and daughter were wounded in the Saturday morning attack , Samarra police said Sunday .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .
All About Iraq War • Baghdad • Basra • Muqtada al - Sadr
Earlier this afternoon San Francisco artist Josh Zubkoff , with the help from some friends , created what is possibly the world ’s largest Lolcat image , an “ Invisible Bike ” mural painted on the side of a building at the end of the alley on Quincy Street in San Francisco .
See Josh ’s blog for more info on the project , including photos of the mural being created .
Ben Huh , who runs the infamous Lolcat blog I Can Has Cheezburger ? , was on hand for this historic occasion .
Here ’s the original “ Invisible Bike ” Lolcat image from I Can Has Cheezburger ?.
Troy McClure SF shot a great photo of the finished mural as well as a bunch of photos of the mural being created .
UPDATE 1 : Here are more great photos of the mural by Trisha Weir , including one of Ben Huh riding his invisible bike along with the Lolcat mural .
UPDATE 2 : Here are more photos of the mural by Daniel Quinlan and Eris Stassi .
More Coverage :
– I Can Has Cheezburger ?
– Fark
– Yahoo !
Buzz
– Mixx
See Previously :
– Lolcats , A Bad Grammar Cat Macro Meme Explosion
– Roll Your Own LOL , Not Just For Cats Anymore
Thanks to Michelle Clay for the tip !
Siegelman on 60 Minutes : Karl Rove has succeeded in ruining political career
Nick Langewis and David Edwards
Published : Sunday April 6 , 2008
|
Print This Email This
" Politics for me ... in terms of electoral politics -- is over , " says former Alabama governor Don Siegelman , once considered the most successful Democrat in his state , to CBS ' 60 Minutes .
" I think that 's what Karl Rove wanted ; he has accomplished his goal . "
" Frankly , " he continues , " I 'm about busted financially .
I 've spent my life savings ... I 've spent a lot of money on trying to muster my defense . "
Governor Siegelman , as RAW STORY has extensively reported in the Permanent Republican Majority series , was prosecuted and imprisoned with the help of US Attorneys , federal prosecutors and judges said to have been hand - picked operatives under the watch of former Bush advisor Karl Rove .
Siegelman has been released on appeal .
The case against Siegelman hinged on $ 500,000 in payments to his effort to establish a state lottery , made by HealthSouth CEO Richard Scrushy , which the court alleged was a bribe in exchange for appointment to a seat on the state 's Certificate of Need board .
Scrushy , contend the Governor and his former aide Elmer Harris , had previously served on the board , had just resigned , and was by no means interested in serving again .
There was nothing expected in exchange for Scrushy 's donation , they insist .
" Richard Scrushy , " says Harris , " told me ' I do not want to serve .
I am not going to serve again .
It takes a day of my time per week .
I do n't have time to do it .
I 'm not going to serve . ' "
" There was no bribe involved in this process , " he says .
" You can not have a bribe if you do n't want to do something . "
Harris goes on to say that he was never asked by federal authorities for his account of the payments , the intentions behind Scrushy 's payments , nor the appointment process .
" If they had , " he says , " I would have told them there was n't a bribe .
I probably would have saved them a lot of time and misery . "
Karl Rove tells 60 Minutes " I never talked to the Department of Justice about Siegelman .
I never talked to anyone at the White House about Siegelman . "
RAW STORY 's four - part investigative report on the Siegelman case can be read at the following links :
Part I : How a coterie of Republican heavyweights sent a governor to jail
Part II : Daughter of jailed governor sees White House hand in her father 's fall
Part III : Running elections from the White House
Part IV - The US Attorney who was n't fired : How Bush pick helped prosecute top Democrat - backed judge
CBSNews.com also has more here .
The following video is from CBSNews.com , as posted on April 6 , 2008 :
60 Minutes updates Don Siegelman story :
White House undermines EPA on cancer risks , GAO says
By H. JOSEF HEBERT
Apr 28 , 2008 – 5:47 PM ( ET )
Copyright 2008 Associated Press .
All right reserved .
Â© 2008 IAC Search & Media .
All rights reserved .
WASHINGTON ( AP ) – The Bush administration is undermining the Environmental Protection Agency ’s ability to determine health dangers of toxic chemicals by letting nonscientists have a bigger – often secret – role , congressional investigators say in a report obtained by The Associated Press .
The administration ’s decision to give the Defense Department and other agencies an early role in the process adds to years of delay in acting on harmful chemicals and jeopardizes the program ’s credibility , the Government Accountability Office concluded .
At issue is the EPA ’s screening of chemicals used in everything from household products to rocket fuel to determine if they pose serious risk of cancer or other illnesses .
A new review process begun by the White House in 2004 is adding more speed bumps for EPA scientists , the GAO said in its report , which will be the subject of a Senate Environment Committee hearing Tuesday .
A formal policy effectively doubling the number of steps was adopted two weeks ago .
Cancer risk assessments for nearly a dozen major chemicals are now years overdue , the GAO said , blaming the new multi-agency reviews for some of the delay .
The EPA , for example , had promised to prepare assessments on 10 major toxic chemicals for external peer review by the end of 2007 , but only two reached that stage .
GAO investigators said extensive involvement by EPA managers , White House budget officials and other agencies has eroded the independence of EPA scientists charged with determining the health risks posed by chemicals .
The Pentagon , the Energy Department , NASA and other agencies – all of which could be severely affected by EPA risk findings – are being allowed to participate “ at almost every step in the assessment process , ” said the GAO .
Those agencies , their private contractors and manufacturers of the chemicals face restrictions and major cleanup requirements , depending on the EPA ’s scientific determinations .
“ By law the EPA must protect our families from dangerous chemicals , ” said Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , the Senate committee ’s chairman .
“ Instead , they ’re protecting the chemical companies . ”
The EPA ’s risk assessment process “ never was perfect , ” Boxer said in an interview Monday .
“ But at least it put the scientists up front .
Now the scientists are being shunted aside . ”
The GAO said many of the deliberations over risks posed by specific chemicals “ occur in what amounts to a black box ” of secrecy because the White House claims they are private executive branch deliberations .
Such secrecy “ reduces the credibility of the… assessments and hinders the EPA ’s ability to manage them , ” the GAO report said .
The White House said the GAO is wrong in suggesting that the EPA has lost control in assessing the health risks posed by toxic chemicals .
“ Only EPA has the authority to finalize an EPA assessment , ” Kevin F. Neyland , deputy administrator of the White House budget office ’s Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , wrote in response to the GAO .
He called the interagency process “ a dialogue that helps to ensure the quality ” of the reviews .
One EPA scientist with extensive knowledge of the changes in the agency ’s risk assessment policies ridiculed the claim that the EPA still has the final say .
“ Unless there is concurrence by other agencies , … things do n’t go forward .
It means we stop what we are doing , ” said the scientist , speaking on condition of anonymity because of fear of endangering his career .
“ The ( EPA ) scientists feel as if they have lost complete control of the process , that it ’s been taken over by the White House and that they ’re calling the shots , ” the scientist said .
The GAO investigation focused on the EPA ’s computerized database , known as IRIS – the Integrated Risk Information System .
It contains data on the human health effects of exposure to some 540 toxic chemicals in the environment .
New chemicals are being proposed constantly for inclusion under a complicated assessment process that can take five years or more .
After years of stops and starts , the GAO said , the EPA has yet to determine carcinogen risks for a number of major chemicals such as :
Naphthalene , a chemical used in rocket fuel as well as in manufacturing commercial products such as mothballs , dyes and insecticides .
Trichloroethylene , or TCE , a widely used industrial degreasing agent .
Perchloroethylene , or “ perc , ” a chemical used in dry cleaning , metal degreasing and making chemical products .
Formaldehyde , a colorless , flammable gas used to making building materials .
Environmentalists say these chemicals have been widely found at military bases and Superfund sites and in soil , lakes , streams and groundwater .
The findings , after an 18 - month investigation by the congressional watchdog agency , come at a time of growing criticism from members of Congress and health and environmental advocates over alleged political interference in the government ’s science activities .
Last week , a confidential survey by an advocacy group of EPA scientists showed more than half of the 1,600 respondents worried about political pressure in their work .
Bloodstained plastic chairs lay strewn around the scene of the blast A suicide attack on a crowd of mourners in Iraq has killed at least 30 people and wounded many .
The attacker detonated his explosives in the Sunni village of Bu Mohammed near the city of Baquba , north of the capital Baghdad .
The funeral was for two members of a group fighting al - Qaeda in Iraq , whose dead bodies were found this week .
There have been a number of attacks in northern Iraq this week , with more than 50 people killed in Baquba on Tuesday .
After the apparent successes of the US troop surge and local groups taking on al - Qaeda , the number of deaths from insurgent attacks has been rising over recent months .
The monthly figure of people killed rose by 50 % in March compared with the previous month , according to the Iraqi government .
I saw bodies scattered everywhere
Witness Ali Khalaf
A witness to Thursday 's blast , Imad Abdullah al - Azzawi , told AFP news agency that the bomber blew himself up inside a mourning tent .
" There are bodies and body parts scattered everywhere .
There is blood everywhere , " he said .
Another witness , Ali Khalaf , told the Reuters news agency : " Suddenly a fireball filled the funeral tent .
I fell to the ground .
I saw bodies scattered everywhere . "
Earlier reports suggested the death toll was as high as 45 .
' Reversible ' situation Earlier in the week , two sons of the sheikh in Bu Mohammed went missing , and their bodies were found on Wednesday .
The suicide attack targeted the two men's funeral .
Both had been members of a tribal movement fighting against al - Qaeda inspired groups , rather than alongside them .
In the past year , the movement has been credited with restoring security and government control to many areas .
But the militants are believed to have regrouped in two provinces north of Baghdad where a series of bombings have killed more than 100 Iraqis this week .
The most senior US commander in Iraq , Gen David Petraeus , recently told Congress that security had improved , but he added that it was still fragile and reversible .
The insurgents are proving the fragility of the gains that have been made here , the BBC's Crispin Thorold reports from Baghdad .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
DISCLAIMER :
Trespassing is illegal .
Urban exploration is dangerous .
Do not g o to these places and / or do what we do . *
You could be fined , arrested , hurt , killed , or all of the above .
Action Squad does not promote the activities portrayed ; rather , this website serves as a safe and societally acceptable means for people to experience activities of a dangerous and legally questionable nature from the comfort and safety of their homes .
* unless you want to
SAN FRANCISCO — A new poll released today in California finds political momentum shifting dramatically toward Barack Obama — and away from both Hillary Clinton and John McCain — in the nation 's most populous state .
According to a survey conducted over the past 10 days by the Public Policy Institute of California , 59 percent of likely voters here now have a " favorable " impression of Democrat Obama , while a majority view both of the other candidates unfavorably .
In a state whose Democratic primary Clinton won in February , 51 percent of voters now say they have an unfavorable opinion of her ; 53 percent of voters feel the same way about Republican McCain .
Obama , meanwhile , seems to be making strides across nearly every constituency .
If the general election were held today , 54 percent of Californians say they would vote for him , compared with 37 percent for McCain .
That gap has widened by 8 points since March .
Obama enjoys the support of more than 80 percent of Democrats here , along with over half ( 55 percent ) of independents .
He leads McCain among men and women and is viewed favorably by nearly 70 percent of Latinos — a powerful political group , experts note , not just in California but in several other western states , including Colorado , New Mexico , and Nevada .
While there has been an epidemic of hand - wringing among Democratic political analysts over Obama 's inability to win over low - income white voters in states like Kentucky and West Virginia , where Clinton has dominated recent primaries , California seems to be a different story .
Obama leads McCain by a double - digit margin here among likely voters , no matter what their incomes .
He enjoys a 55 - to - 35 percent lead among those who make less than $ 40,000 a year , including whites ; a 55 - to - 36 percent lead among those who make between $ 40,000 and $ 80,000 ; and a 53 - to - 37 percent lead among those who make $ 80,000 or more .
" As the presidential campaign has moved further away from California , what 's been taking place is solid support among Democrats and increasing support among independent voters , " says Mark Baldassare , president of the Public Policy Institute of California , the nonpartisan group that released the poll , which surveyed more than 2,000 voters .
" John McCain is certainly going to have his work cut out for him here . "
( Picture by Nasser Nouri , via Hamalawy )
Ammar , when he saw this picture , had one comment to make :
Hopefully one day we will have this too in Syria .
Yeah , I hope so too Ammar .
The Mhalla riots are going into their second strong day .
50,000 people are rioting .
The police is shooting tear gas , rubber bullets , you name it , and IT'S NOT WORKING .
The demonstrators were originally only like 2000 - 3000 , but the government crackdown forced the people on the street .
And until today , it 's a War Zone .
Here is a picture of one of the feared State Security trucks , commandeered and smashed by the people .
For impeccable coverage of the riots , check Hossam 's blog .
Update : Another picture that makes my hearts swell , by James Buck .
Sea of people .
Makes my skin tingle !
My friend R. from the US just sent me a message : " I 'm proud of the people of ma7alla but so scared about what 's coming to them .
actually terrified "
We shall see R. , I am keeping my fingers crossed !
All I know is this though , for the first time in over 50 years , yesterday AlMahalla was a free city !
Update :
This is response to some people in the comments section , you can ignore this if you want to :
Okay , both of you are acting like idiots .
First of all , Mahalla is not a MB stronghold , no more than any other city is .
The MB 's power is greatly exaggerated and hyped , and they are too chicken to be behind this revolt .
If anything they are distancing themselves from it and criticizing the actions of the Mahalla people .
So no , that 's not what 's going on .
What 's happening is that the people there are ignored and fed up , and refsue to shut up while their family members and friends get arrested .
They have a semblance of diginity that has somehow eluded the rest of the population .
So , yes , we should encourage this .
Secondly , if you are following what 's happening there as much as I am , here is something you might not know :
The people are not the ones burning stores and cars ; the police is .
It 's being done to be used as pretext to arresting people , The people are setting tires on fire and throwing rocks at the police who are unlawfully arresting their friends , shooting tear gas and rubber bullets at them and have killed so far 4 people , the last of which is a 15 year old boy , who got shot in the head .
The people are finally pushing back against a regime you both know is autocratic and tyrannical , and yet you only take issues with them refusing to eat shit .
That , on its own , says volumes about you .
Thirdly , and most importantly , allow yourselves to enjoy those brief moments of joy before the get crushed , as they 're going to .
If this spreads , then the regime will spare no expense to squash it , especially with the visible absence of the western media and their coverage .
Without international cover , this won;t survive , and the government will fuckin air bomb the demonstrators if they truly became a threat to the regime .
The point is n't the overthrow of the government , not yet .
It 's a warning shot , letting them know that they can't get away with this shit much longer , that the corruption must stop , that political liberties must be respected and that the mismanagement of the economy can not continue .
That the people wo n't just bend over and take it anymore .
That they better change or this might breed the revolution you so rightly fear .
But that won;t happen today , or next week , so please , quit your whining , worrying and bitching about the protesters , and start fearing for their lives .
Those people have almost nothing and are risking what little they have for a chance for a better life .
Nobody asked you to act like them , nobody asked you to support them , but at least try to respect them .
They earned that much !
CORAL GABLES , Fla . 
A day after Senator Barack Obama gathered a majority of pledged delegates in the Democratic presidential nominating contest , Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton defiantly sent out new signals Wednesday that she might take her fight for the nomination all the way to the party ’s convention in August .
Mrs. Clinton stumped across South Florida , scene of the 2000 election debacle , pressing her case for including delegates from Florida and Michigan in the final delegate tally .
On the trail and in interviews , she raised a new battle cry of determination , likening her struggle for these delegates to the nation ’s historic struggles to free the slaves and grant women the right to vote .
But behind the scenes , the campaigns were working with the Democratic National Committee to resolve the dispute over the delegates before May 31 , when the party ’s rules committee is to decide the matter .
Mrs. Clinton has said she wants all delegates counted and apportioned based on the popular vote of the two candidates in both states , although Mr. Obama did not appear on the ballot in Michigan .
Mr. Obama has said he wants the delegates seated but has not said how or in what proportion .
David Axelrod , his chief strategist , said in an interview Wednesday that the campaign was willing to go beyond halfway in the apportionment .
Stupid Client Quote # 3298
Rate this Quote : 5 - Excellent 4 - Good 3 - Fair 2 - Poor 1 - Awful
Total Stupid Comments : 8391
Client requesting a web site ...
" Here 's our logo .
When do you think you can have it ready ?
We need it NOW !
I 'm presenting this Wednesday . "
[ no brief - no plan - no budget - no content ]
YORK is at the centre of an international row , after two teenagers were booted out of their school for buying swords in the city .
One of the students , a 16 - year - old boy , bought a £ 30 set of three samurai swords - which have since been banned from sale .
Another student , Emily Fischbach , aged 18 , is reported to have bought an 18ins Lord Of The Rings replica sword .
The youngsters , from Apple Valley and Eagan High Schools , in Minnesota , were on a choir trip to York last month , when they bought the weapons as souvenirs and gifts .
A school official found the items in taped boxes and confiscated them .
Both students were sent home early and have now been expelled .
Emily Fischbach told The Press : " They are expelling me for 43 days - until the end of my final school year .
I have lost faith in my school and in the school system . "
Her mother , Jackie , was quoted by US media as saying : " We think it 's incredibly unfair .
I do understand that they need to have rules and policies , but I think it 's incredibly excessive . "
Brad Briggs , the father of the 16 - year - old student , is quoted as saying : " The severity of the punishment did n't fit the crime here .
There was no intent of violence . "
Both students were kicked out by their local school board for breaching internal policies .
But although buying the weapons was not illegal at the time , the incident happened only a few weeks before the sale of samurai swords was outlawed across the UK , following a lengthy campaign .
Three years ago , York resident Steven Johnson was viciously attacked , and a year later another York man Daniel Rocks , then 29 , went on the rampage in Acomb , threatening to cut up his neighbour and her friends " like mice " .
York MP Hugh Bayley , who pressed for a ban following the incidents , said today : " This is yet another illustration of why it is right to ban the sale of swords and knifes .
" A responsible retailer should not be selling weapons like this to schoolkids , and it shows why the law had to be changed . "
Emily , who was 17 at the time , said she could not remember the name of the shop and although several stores in York have sold such weapons , none today claimed to be involved in this case .
Andy Nicol , at the former Whigmaleeries shop , in Stonegate , currently undergoing a name change , said he would not have sold samurai swords so cheaply , and did not know of an 18ins Lord Of The Rings sword .
Enigma and Blue Moon in Goodramgate , and the Jorvik shop and Japanese Shop in Coppergate Walk , also denied any knowledge of the incident .
Have your say
Was the school right to kick out the students ?
After listening carefully to the two policemen , the judge had a problem :
He did not believe them .
The officers , who had stopped a man in the Bronx and found a . 22 - caliber pistol in his fanny pack , testified that they had several reasons to search him :
He was loitering , sweating nervously and had a bulge under his jacket .
But the judge , John E. Sprizzo of United States District Court in Manhattan , concluded that the police had simply reached into the pack without cause , found the gun , then “ tailored ” testimony to justify the illegal search .
“ You ca n’t have open season on searches , ” said Judge Sprizzo , who refused to allow the gun as evidence , prompting prosecutors to drop the case last May .
Yet for all his disapproval of what the police had done , the judge said he hated to make negative rulings about officers ’ credibility .
“ I do n’t like to jeopardize their career and all the rest of it , ” he said .
He need not have worried .
The Police Department never learned of his criticism , and the officers  like many others whose word has been called into question  faced no disciplinary action or inquiry .
Bush curious who will lead Russia after its elections
Next world summit could be revealing , president says
First Deputy Prime Minister and presidential candidate Dmitry Medvedev ( L ) and Russia 's President Vladimir Putin attend a meeting in Moscow 's Kremlin , February 28 , 2008 .
Russia votes on Sunday in a presidential election that is almost certain to hand victory to Dmitry Medvedev , the man President Vladimir Putin has endorsed to replace him .
REUTERS / Pool ( RUSSIA ) Ran on : 02-29-2008
Who 's the boss ?
Dmitry Medvedev ( left ) and Vladimir Putin attend a meeting in Moscow .
less First Deputy Prime Minister and presidential candidate Dmitry Medvedev ( L ) and Russia 's President Vladimir Putin attend a meeting in Moscow 's Kremlin , February 28 , 2008 .
Russia votes on Sunday in a presidential ... more Photo : POOL Photo : POOL Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Bush curious who will lead Russia after its elections 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Like the rest of an anxious world , President Bush said Thursday he 's waiting to see who will wield the real power in Russia after next month 's elections - departing President Vladimir Putin or his hand - picked successor Dmitry Medvedev .
It will be interesting , the president mused , to see who shows up for Russia at the next summit of world leaders .
Bush was asked at a news conference about the future of one of the nation 's most important foreign relationships , one that has been increasingly troubled .
He said he , too , was eager for insights into " how Russia intends to conduct foreign policy after Vladimir Putin 's presidency .
And I can't answer the question yet . "
Bush is not the only one puzzled by the 42 - year - old Medvedev ( pronounced MED ' - veh - dev ) , who was plucked from obscurity by Putin to follow him as president after the March 2 elections .
Sen .
Hillary Rodham Clinton stumbled for his name in Tuesday 's presidential debate before coming up with , " Medvedev - whatever . "
Nevertheless , she said Medvedev was someone " who Putin can control , who has very little independence , the best we know . "
Clinton 's rival , Sen. Barack Obama , agreed that Putin would " continue to have the strongest hand in Russia . "
When Medvedev takes office , Putin will become prime minister .
The suspicion is he will be the power behind the president .
When a questioner asked Bush if Medvedev would be Putin 's puppet , Bush replied , " No , I would n't say that .
That 's your conclusion , not mine . "
The uncertainty about the Kremlin's new leadership comes at a time of difficult relations between Moscow and Washington in disputes ranging from Kosovo 's independence and Bush 's proposal for new missile defenses in central Europe to the Kremlin 's increasingly authoritarian stand on political , religious and press freedoms and the emergence of democracies on Russia 's borders .
Business between the United States and Russia has taken on an edgy tone , compared to the warmth in 2001 when Bush said he looked into Putin 's soul and liked what he saw .
" Putin is a straightforward , pretty tough character when it comes to his interests , " Bush said Thursday .
" Well , so am I .
And we 've had some head - butts , diplomatic head - butts .
" And yet , in spite of that , our differences of opinions , we still have got a cordial enough relationship to be able to deal with common threats and opportunities , " Bush said .
" And that 's going to be important for the next president to maintain . "
Medvedev has served in the Kremlin in a series of subordinate roles and has said little about his foreign policy views .
He has not criticized any of Putin 's policies and has seemed intent on copying Putin even in small things , even taking up swimming and skiing .
He has worked for Putin for eight years as the Russian president has clamped down on democracy , expanded the government 's control and used the power of the state to crush political foes .
On Tuesday , Medvedev said he was willing to work with any future American president who is n't stuck in the past and does n't have " semi- senile views . "
A reader points to the H&R Block Canada privacy policy , which includes the following gem for Canadians handing over their personal tax information :
Due to H&R US 's location in the United States , and in instances where your personal information is processed or stored by another affiliate or service provider in the United States , courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your personal information under the laws of the United States .
( EI illustration )
A pro-Israel pressure group is orchestrating a secret , long - term campaign to infiltrate the popular online encyclopedia Wikipedia to rewrite Palestinian history , pass off crude propaganda as fact , and take over Wikipedia administrative structures to ensure these changes go either undetected or unchallenged .
A series of emails by members and associates of the pro-Israel group CAMERA ( Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America ) , provided to The Electronic Intifada ( EI ) , indicate the group is engaged in what one activist termed a “ war ” on Wikipedia .
A 13 March action alert signed by Gilead Ini , a “ Senior Research Analyst ” at CAMERA , calls for “ volunteers who can work as ‘ editors ’ to ensure ” that Israel - related articles on Wikipedia are “ free of bias and error , and include necessary facts and context . ”
However , subsequent communications indicate that the group not only wanted to keep the effort secret from the media , the public , and Wikipedia administrators , but that the material they intended to introduce included discredited claims that could smear Palestinians and Muslims and conceal Israel ’s true history .
With over two million articles in English on every topic imaginable , Wikipedia has become a primary reference source for Internet users around the world and a model for collaboratively produced projects .
Openness and good faith are among Wikipedia ’s core principles .
Any person in the world can write or edit articles , but Wikipedia has strict guidelines and procedures for accountability intended to ensure quality control and prevent vandalism , plagiarism or distortion .
It is because of these safeguards that articles on key elements of the Palestine - Israel conflict have generally remained well - referenced , useful and objective .
The CAMERA plan detailed in the e-mails obtained by EI appears intended to circumvent these controls .
In the past , CAMERA has gained notoriety for its tactic of accusing virtually anyone who does not toe a right - wing pro-Israel line of bias .
The group has even accused editors and reporters of the Israeli daily Haaretz of being “ extreme ” and participating in “ radical anti-Israel activity . ”
Jeffrey Dvorkin , the former ombudsman of National Public Radio ( NPR ) , frequently criticized by CAMERA for an alleged pro-Palestinian bias , wrote on the web publication Salon in February 2008 that “ as a consequence of its campaign against NPR , CAMERA acted as the enabler for some seriously disturbed people , ” citing persistent telephone threats he received in the wake of CAMERA campaigns .
Need for stealth and secrecy
Throughout the documents EI obtained , CAMERA operatives stress the need for stealth and secrecy .
In his initial action alert , Ini requests that recipients “ not forward it to members of the news media . ”
In a 17 March follow - up email sent to volunteers , Ini explains that he wants to make the orchestrated effort appear to be the work of unaffiliated individuals .
Thus he advises that “ There is no need to advertise the fact that we have these group discussions . ”
Anticipating possible objections to CAMERA ’s scheme , Ini conjectures that “ Anti -Israel editors will seize on anything to try to discredit people who attempt to challenge their problematic assertions , and will be all too happy to pretend , and announce , that a ‘ Zionist ’ cabal ( the same one that controls the banks and Hollywood ? ) is trying to hijack Wikipedia . ”
But stealth and misrepresentation are presented as the keys to success .
Ini suggests that after volunteers sign up as editors for Wikipedia they should “ avoid editing Israel - related articles for a short period of time . ”
This strategy is intended to “ avoid the appearance of being one - topic editors , ” thus attracting unwanted attention .
Ini counsels that volunteers “ might also want to avoid , for obvious reasons , picking a user name that marks you as pro-Israel , or that lets people know your real name . ”
To further conceal the identity of CAMERA - organized editors , Ini warns , “ do n’t forget to always log in before making [ edits ] .
If you make changes while not logged in , Wikipedia will record your computer ’s IP address ” – a number that allows identification of the location of a computer connected to the Internet .
A veteran Wikipedia editor , known as “ Zeq , ” who according to the emails is colluding with CAMERA , also provided advice to CAMERA volunteers on how they could disguise their agenda .
In a 20 March email often in misspelled English , Zeq writes , “ You do n’t want to be precived [ sic ] as a ‘ CAMERA ’ defender ’ on wikipedia [ sic ] that is for sure . ”
One strategy to avoid that is to “ edit articles at random , make friends not enemies – we will need them later on .
This is a marathon not a sprint . ”
Zeq also identifies , in a 25 March email , another Wikipedia editor , “ Jayjg , ” whom he views as an effective and independent pro-Israel advocate .
Zeq instructs CAMERA operatives to work with and learn from Jayjg , but not to reveal the existence of their group even to him fearing “ it would place him in a bind ” since “ [ h] e is very loyal to the wikipedia [ sic ] system ” and might object to CAMERA ’s underhanded tactics .
“ Uninvolved administrators ”
The emphasis on secrecy is apparently not only to aid the undetected editing of articles , but also to facilitate CAMERA ’s takeover of key administrator positions in Wikipedia .
For Zeq a key goal is to have CAMERA operatives elected as administrators – senior editors who can override the decisions of others when controversies arise .
When disputes arise about hotly contested topics , such as Israel and Palestine , often only an “ uninvolved administrator ” – one who is considered neutral because he or she has not edited or written articles on the topic – can arbitrate .
Hence , Zeq advises in a 21 March email that “ One or more of you who want to take this route should stay away from any Israel realted [ sic ] articles for one month until they [ sic ] interact in a positive way with 100 wikipedia [ sic ] editors who would be used later to vote you as an administrator . ”
Once these CAMERA operatives have successfully infiltrated as “ neutral ” editors , they could then exercise their privileges to assert their own political agenda .
In addition , Zeq suggests making deliberately provocative edits to Palestine - related articles .
He hopes that editors he assumes are Palestinian will delete these changes , and then CAMERA operatives could report them to administrators so they could be sanctioned and have their editing privileges suspended .
Passing propaganda as fact
Gilead Ini’s 17 March email provides specific advice on how to pass off pro-Israel propaganda or opinion as fact meeting Wikipedia ’s strict guidelines :
“ So , for example , imagine that you get rid of or modify a problematic sentence in an article alleging that ‘ Palestinian [ sic ] become suicide bombers to respond to Israel ’s oppressive policies . ’
You should , in parallel leave a comment on that article ’s discussion page ( either after or before making the change ) .
Avoid defending the edit by arguing that ‘ Israel ’s policies are n’t ‘ oppression , ’ they are defensive .
And anyway Palestinians obviously become suicide bombers for other reasons for example hate education !’
Instead , describe how this sentence violates Wikipedia ’s policies and guidelines .
One of the core principles is that assertions should adhere to a Neutral Point of View , usually abbreviated NPOV .
( The opposite of NPOV is POV , or Point of View , which is basically another way of saying subjective statement , or opinion . )
So it would be best to note on the discussion page that ‘ This sentence violates Wikipedia ’s NPOV policy , since the description of Israel ’s policies as ‘ oppressive ’ is an opinion .
In addition , it is often noted by Middle East experts that one of the reasons Palestinians decide to become suicide bombers is hate education and glorification of martyrdom in Palestinian society …’ ”
In fact , there have been numerous studies debunking claims about Palestinian “ hate education , ” or “ glorification of martyrdom ” causing suicide bombings ( such as Dying to Win by University of Chicago political scientist Robert Pape ) though this claim remains a favorite canard of pro-Israel activists seeking to distract attention from the effects of Israel ’s occupation and other well - documented and systematic human rights abuses in fueling violence .
Zeq specifically names articles targeted for this kind of treatment including those on the 1948 Palestinian Exodus , Causes of the 1948 Palestinian exodus , Hamas , Hizballah , Arab citizens of Israel , anti-Zionism , al - Nakba , the Palestinian people , and the Palestinian right of return .
Interestingly the CAMERA editors also target the article on the early Islamic period concept of Dhimmi , a protected status for non-Muslims which historically allowed Jews to thrive in Muslim - ruled lands while other Jews were being persecuted in Christian Europe .
Pro-Israel activists have often tried to portray the concept of Dhimmi as akin to the Nuremberg laws in order to denigrate Muslim culture and justify ahistorical Zionist claims that Jews could never live safely in majority Muslim countries .
Also among the emails is a discussion about how to alter the article on the massacre of Palestinian civilians in the village of Deir Yassin by Zionist militiamen on 9 April 1948 .
Unable to debunk the facts of the massacre outright , the CAMERA activists hunt for quotes from “ reputable historians ” who can cast doubt on it .
Their strategy is not dissimilar from those who attempt to present evolution , or global climate change as “ controversial ” regardless of the weight of the scientific evidence , simply because the facts do not accord with their belief system .
Zeq has already made extensive edits to the Wikipedia article on Rachel Corrie , the American peace activist murdered by an Israeli soldier in the occupied Gaza Strip on 16 March 2003 .
As a result of these and other edits Zeq has himself been a controversial figure among Wikipedia editors , suggesting his own stealth tactics may not be working .
“ We will go to war ”
Zeq , however , counsels CAMERA operatives to be patient and lie low until they build up their strength .
“ We will go to war after we have build our army , equiped it trained [ sic ] , ” he wrote on 9 April .
“ So please if you want to win this war help us build ou[r ] army .
let ’s not just rush in and achieve nothing , or abit more than nothing [ sic ] . ”
Update 22 April 2008
Download additional CAMERA emails [ PDF - 1 MB ]
On 21 April , EI published emails and action alerts posted by CAMERA staff and collaborators on a closed listserv instructing would - be editors how to game the Wikipedia system so they could impose their hard - line pro-Israel agenda undetected .
Following EI ’s report , Gilead Ini a CAMERA staffer and Wikipedia editor informed members of the group that , “ Because member of this group [ sic ] affiliated with the anti-Israel propaganda cite [ sic ]
Electronic Intifada decided to share the content of our discussions , I will be temporarily or permanently closing access to the group , in hopes that members ’ personal contact information will not be made public . ”
Meanwhile , Wikipedia administrators issued a ban on Zeq , the editor who was helping CAMERA to groom new editors to subvert Wikipedia ’s quality control process .
Zeq has been prohibited from editing Israel - Palestine related articles and administrators were debating further action .
Based on the evidence in the emails released by EI , Wikipedia administrators accused Zeq of violating fundamental Wikipedia principles and guidelines .
In response , Zeq alleged that the accusations were merely the result of a “ conspiracy ” which he termed “ The ( e- mail ) protocols of the elder of CAMERA [ sic ] . ”
Zeq even alleged that The EI itself “ may have created the story or created the group or spoofed e-mails . ”
Today EI publishes additional emails that further expose the CAMERA plan .
These emails also reveal that while Zeq is willing to accuse others of prejudice he may hold some himself .
In one email he commends an editor whom he considers to be “ anti-Islamic . ”
And , in an echo of the kind of anti-Semitic thinking that CAMERA sees everywhere , Zeq alleges that “ the other side ” – an apparent reference to Palestinians and Muslims – “ is orgenized well , they control wkipedia [ sic ] . ”
Information obtained by EI indicates that while Gilead Ini claimed that more than 50 volunteers had come forward to participate in CAMERA ’s plan , and the group had set its sights on creating dozens of new editors and administrators over a long period of time , fewer than a dozen were active at the time EI exposed the scheme .
Because the effort was apparently in its early stages , only a handful had become active as Wikipedia editors .
Reflecting the government 's decision to abandon the " aggressive rhetoric " of the so - called war on terror , the guide tells civil servants not to use terms such as Islamist extremism or jihadi - fundamentalist but instead to refer to violent extremism and criminal murderers or thugs to avoid any implication that there is an explicit link between Islam and terrorism .
It warns those engaged in counter - terrorist work that talk of a struggle for values or a battle of ideas is often heard as a " confrontation / clash between civilisations / cultures " .
Instead it suggests that talking about the idea of shared values works much more effectively .
The guide , which has been passed to the Guardian , is produced by a Home Office research , information and communications unit which was set up last summer to counter al - Qaida propaganda and win hearts and minds .
It shows that the government is adopting a new sophistication in its approach to counter - terrorism , based on the realisation that it must " avoid implying that specific communities are to blame " if it is to enable communities to challenge the ideas of violent extremists robustly .
The new lexicon of terror surfaced briefly last month when the home secretary , Jacqui Smith , made a speech on counter - terrorism declaring violent extremism to be " anti-Islamic " .
But the internal Home Office guide shows just how far a new official language , to use when talking about terrorism , is being developed .
" This is not intended as a definitive list of what not to say but rather to highlight terms which risk being misunderstood and therefore prevent the effective reception of the message , " says the Home Office paper .
" This is not about political correctness , but effectiveness - evidence shows that people stop listening if they think you are attacking them . "
While the leaked Whitehall papers show a new sophistication in the government 's approach to talking about terrorism they reveal that their profiling of those most likely to prove vulnerable to violent extremism remains very vague .
They also reveal the crude criteria under which the communities secretary , Hazel Blears , is distributing £ 45 m over the next three years for local communities to build resilience to violent extremism .
In the first year the funds will only be distributed to areas with a Muslim population of more than 4,000 based on 2001 census data .
" This data is now 6 - 7 years old and given high population growth in Muslim communities is likely to be fairly out - of - date , " says the internal Whitehall correspondence adding that each qualifying local authority will receive a fixed minimum allocation with increments dependent on the size of its Muslim population .
The limitations of this crude population approach suggest there is only a very limited official understanding of the geography of violent extremism in Britain .
Officials admit this approach will mean that six areas currently funded for tackling violent extremism will not meet the criteria from April .
That would include , for example , Crawley which was home to three of the five men convicted over the Operation Crevice plot to bomb the Bluewater shopping centre , in Kent , and the Ministry of Sound nightclub in London .
A separate joint Home Office / Communities Department paper on the strategy to prevent people becoming or supporting violent extremists suggests a disturbingly vague description of those being targeted : " There is no single profile of those most susceptible to these factors but they are likely to be young ( generally younger than 30 ) and male ( although the number of women who support and participate in violent extremism is increasing ) . "
The same paper stresses that " grievances which ideologues are exploiting " to make new recruits should be addressed where they are legitimately based .
It says : " No perceived grievance can justify terrorism .
But where concerns are legitimately expressed then we must be prepared to debate them .
" We are committed to better explaining existing policies , such as the UK 's foreign policy , refuting claims made about them in the language of violent extremists . "
But it adds that where concerns are " legitimately based we must be prepared to address them . "
However , it makes clear that this does not mean changes in British foreign policy but using existing programmes to tackle inequalities and unemployment of the Muslim community in Britain .
The " global opportunities fund " and overseas aid programmes would be used to " help address the real grievances of people in key countries overseas which can increase their susceptibility to the extremists ' message " .
Breaking ranks , a career FBI agent told members of Congress on Wednesday that the bureau lacked the experience and sophistication to deal with Middle Eastern terrorists and prevent another catastrophic attack .
Agent Bassem Youssef said that counter - terrorism agents and managers at FBI headquarters often lack basic knowledge about Middle Eastern culture , language and terrorists ’ ideology .
Compounding matters , he said , is the fact that the FBI has continued to name supervisors to anti-terrorism positions who have little or no experience outside traditional law enforcement .
The result , he said , is that agents are wasting resources chasing leads that more sophisticated observers would quickly dispense with .
The time and energy expended on marginal cases has diverted resources from investigating more substantial threats , Youssef said .
“ The FBI counter - terrorism division is ill - equipped to handle the terrorist threat we are facing , ” he told a House Judiciary Committee subcommittee considering legal protections for government whistle - blowers working at national security agencies such as the FBI .
Advertisement
“ Regardless of what happens to me when I walk into the Hoover building [ FBI headquarters ] tomorrow , that is what I hope to convey to you , ” said Youssef , one of several who testified at the hearing .
The FBI took issue with the testimony .
“ While we appreciate any employee ’s views on the state and direction of the FBI , those assessments may be very limited in scope , ” said John Miller , the head of public affairs , in a prepared statement .
He said the FBI has made “ great and steady strides ” to protect the country since the Sept. 11 attacks .
“ It is cynical to write off the work of so many dedicated FBI employees or the accomplishments of the bureau by suggesting that these efforts are failing , especially when they are not , ” Miller said .
He said the bureau continued to work hard to staff positions at FBI headquarters and to attract and hire more Arabic - speaking agents and those with diverse cultural backgrounds .
A decorated counter - terrorism agent in the 1990s , Youssef was passed over for promotions after the Sept. 11 attacks and filed a lawsuit in 2003 claiming the bureau discriminated against him based on his ancestry .
The son of immigrant Christian Egyptians , he grew up in Los Angeles ; he has long been the highest - ranking Arab American agent in the FBI and one of its few native Arabic speakers .
Advertisement
Youssef has been outspoken about the failure of the FBI to recruit Arabic - speaking agents and other bureau shortcomings .
After the FBI denied him a transfer to a counter - terrorism unit , he was placed in an administrative job managing the receipt of information from telephone companies .
He soon turned up problems with the way that office was operating , including its use of so - called national security letters , which has become a major embarrassment for the agency and drawn criticism from the Justice Department ’s inspector general .
The panel also heard from Michael German , a former agent whose 16 - year career stalled after he blew the whistle a few years ago on an FBI supervisor in a domestic terrorism investigation .
German had discovered that the FBI was illegally recording meetings between a neo -Nazi group and other extremists under surveillance .
He brought the information to an FBI supervisor , who told him to pretend the illegal recording did not occur .
German described FBI management as frequently “ dysfunctional ” and failing to effectively communicate with agents on the ground .
He now works for the American Civil Liberties Union .
Also testifying was Sen. Charles E. Grassley ( R - Iowa ) , who has frequently criticized the FBI for being insular and who has been a champion of government whistle - blowers .
Advertisement
“ The FBI is one of the most powerful and least transparent organizations in the federal government , ” he said .
“ Underneath all of the good things the FBI does , unfortunately , there is a history of abuse , mismanagement and retaliation so strong that it has become part of its organizational culture . ”
Grassley said those who break the “ code of silence ” deserve more legal protection .
--
rick.schmitt@latimes.com
( Image : stock.xchng )
A defining feature of smoking addiction is that smokers pursue their habit even when it ’s clear they are forgoing other benefits , such as good health .
Now brain scans suggest that this dodgy decision - making may extend into other areas of their lives .
Pearl Chiu and her colleagues at the Baylor College of Medicine in Houston , Texas , studied 31 chronic smokers and 31 non-smokers as they played a game inside an fMRI scanner .
The players had to invest money in a simulated stock market over several rounds .
After each round , they were given feedback on the returns from their investment …
One of the best things a person can do to improve the appeal of their home is to paint the interior .
It is a fairly simple and inexpensive task that has huge payoffs at the end of the day .
Why is interior painting such a beneficial project for homeowners ?
We ’ll look at five reasons below .
1- Change the Look
It becomes boring to look at the same paint color or design after time passes .
You can easily change the boring style of the home into something that wows your style , all with the simple stroke of a paintbrush .
2- Affordable
Of the many remodeling projects for homeowners , painting the interior is one of the most affordable .
Homeowners with limited budgets can paint their walls and enjoy an inexpensive remodel .
3- Added Value
Adding value to the home is easy when you paint the wells .
This may be unimportant at this time , but if you sell the home later down the line , you want to get as much profit from the property as possible .
Now is your chance .
4- Improve Appearance
If you ’ve not painted the interior of your home in some time , the paint could be worn out or even damaged .
This decreases the appeal of the home .
Again , nothing that a few coats of paint cannot cure .
5- Love Your Home
After your home is painted , it will warm your heart !
Paint jobs prude what you need to love your home .
Do n’t settle for what ’s available when you can get what you love .
Schedule residential painting services johnson county with a professional today .
It is an excellent way to love your home a little bit more .
The reasons to paint the interior that we ’ve listed are only some of the perks of this service .
article by Mónica Lorenzo ( in Spanish ) Valencia , Spain at tercer congreso internacional de tipografía ( Glocal Tipografía en la era de la Globalización .
3CIT Valencia
photography by congresotipografia 20 June 2008
Download the pdf of the slides for Vincent´s presentation
' I Hate Comic Sans ' ( mb 9.44 MB requires Adobe Acrobat reader )
Why Comic Sans ?
Find the truth about Comic Sans ... why it was made ... who put it there .. and how this font ended up on your computer .
Comic Sans , Trebuchet , and Webdings are available for corporate licenses and inclusion in your products .
Contact Ascender Corporation by clicking the logo below to go to their website .
If you need a PostScript version of any of these fonts , Ascender can supply them .
Comic Sans , Trebuchet , Webdings available in TTF and PS !
When most of the media was off on wild goose chases while the lacrosse case was in a slow - motion collapse , the Chronicle 's Kristin Butler was embarrassing people three times her age with one perceptive column after another .
Her article on Crystal Mangum 's graduation is another plum for her and another embarrassment for members of the local and national media who , again , were outperformed by a college student .
When we heard about this column , we immediately went to look up NCCU 's honor code , and the first story we saw was the column by Butler , where she explained that the honor code fairly specifically mentions " knowingly making in public a false [ oral or ] written or printed statement with the intent to deceive and / or mislead or injure the character or reputation of another . "
First lesson : NCCU does n't care about their honor code because they do n't take it at all seriously .
Second lesson : the university has no sense of irony or idiocy .
Why do we say this ?
Based on Mangum 's degree : the woman who lied to police , who manipulated the investigation , who used the false accusation to score some good narcotics , earned her degree in - wait for it - police psychology .
Keep in mind that this is the woman who was said to be in an extremely fragile emotional state , who was too shattered to see her children , who hid from her family , who could n't go to class because of her " ordeal . "
Police psychology ?
If it includes conning cops , she 's at the top of her class .
Good fortune has smiled on you because all signs point to great - looking yard decor !
Lucky for you , you can find everything your front lawn craves right here in one place .
You 'll find political signs of course , as well as yards signs that make statements in other ways like personalized welcome signs , custom house signs , business signs and more .
Best of all , you 'll find these garden signs are anything but garden variety .
You can welcome home your favorite hero , celebrate your wedding day , share a bit of vacation , anything you want .
Promote your business or propose to your girlfriend , announce your newest family member or denounce a political viewpoint .
Anything goes with these statement - makers , but best of all they 're built to proclaim with durability ( thanks to their weather - resistant vinyl , sealed edges and metal frames ) .
Sign designs and categories run the gamut , but if you 'd like to create custom yard signs , you can do that too .
Show / hide related
Galleries - Other Starfleet Ship Interiors
Enterprise-EDefiantVoyagerEnterprise NX - 01 Other Starfleet Ships
Defiant
Voyager
Enterprise NX -01
Other Starfleet Ships
See Also
Starfleet Bridge Illustrations
Original Enterprise Interiors - incl. refit and Enterprise - A
Enterprise - D Interiors
Re-Used Starship Interiors - Enterprise refit interiors , other starship interiors
Commercially Available Chairs in Star Trek - off - the - shelf office chairs , lounge chairs or car seats on screen
Credits
Thanks to Gilso and A Call to Duty and Angie 's List for some pictures .
Special thanks to BobyE and Falke .
Back to Galleries index
Tags
Lots of people get interested in political ideas through political campaigns .
Maybe this is because politics forces you to decide who you are and what you believe .
I can vaguely recall when I was very young , perhaps 7 years old , that I discovered that my best friend 's family considered themselves Democratic whereas I was pretty sure that my family was Republican .
I asked someone what that meant and only received hazy answers that concerned seemingly big issues about government .
I did n't think much about it but nonetheless , they were my first thoughts on the thing that would consume my life .
So it is for lots of people : politics is the entry way into taking political ideas seriously .
If your interest intensifies , you tend to go one of two ways : wonk or geek .
These are terms that applies in many categories of life — Wikipedia gives serviceable definitions of both wonk and geek — but the terms take on new meaning in politics .
Political wonks are fascinated by process .
They love the game .
They get as much satisfaction from observing as changing .
They want to be players above all else .
Ideals bore them .
History is mere data .
Intellectuals seem irrelevant .
What matters to the wonk are the hard realities of the ongoing political struggle .
They defer to title and rank .
They thrive on meetings , small victories , administrative details , and gossip about these matters .
Knowing who is who and what is what is the very pith of life .
There are political wonks and policy wonks .
They exist on all levels of society .
They appear to be running things , because their aim is to control the levers of power in just the right and strategic way , which means in a way that benefits the other wonks of their tribe .
Geographically , life begins and ends in the beltway .
They thrive on keeping information private and cartelizing their class .
Their newspaper is the Washington Post , which they consider to be the insider report .
In contrast to this are the policy geeks .
They are no less fascinated by detail but are drawn to ideals .
Observation alone bores them .
They are drawn to the prospect of change .
They do n't want to be players as such ; they question the very rules of the game and want to change them .
They are happy to make a difference in the ideological infrastructure , whether big or small .
They tend to work alone and totally disregard caste distinctions .
They are interested not in the surface area but what 's underneath , not the veneer but the wood .
In software terms , they are forever looking forward to the next build .
They are risk takers , so they prefer to debug after the system is live .
In politics , this means that the geeks are drawn to ideas , even radical ideas .
They can easily imagine what does n't exist , which makes them dreamers and entrepreneurs .
And so they are attracted to and study history and philosophy and economics .
It does n't matter if a lesson can be learned from the ancients or moderns ; indeed , unearthing an old idea and bringing it back to life has a special appeal .
They thrive on making information public , on smashing old structures , breaking cartels , and busting monopolies of power .
Geographically , they can live and work anywhere , and they have no attachment to any single information source .
The geeks and wonks can work together but there will always be a natural tensions between the two .
The wonks think the geeks are hopeless , powerless , reckless outsiders whose heads are full of useless and unrealistic fantasies .
The geeks think that the wonks are part of the system and , therefore , more than likely corrupted by it , and increasingly so .
Broadening the view , the struggle to control history is a battle between the wonks and the geeks .
The wonks are the ones who consolidate , stabilize , and entrench the status quo ; the geeks are the ones who prepare revolutionary change .
The wonks freeze it into place and make it work more efficiently ; the geeks imagine and work toward a future that no one thought was possible .
The wonks rule out drastic and extreme measures as imprudent and reckless ; they geeks think these paths are the only ones worth pursing , and have confidence that the unknown future will somehow work itself out .
The wonks try to bring the king around to their point of view ; the geeks kill the king .
Caesar : Wonk
Brutus : Geek
Hamilton : Wonk
Jefferson : Geek
Cheney : Wonk
Paul : Geek
Part of the agenda of democracy is to turn the whole of society into a herd of wonks who believe in the process and want to make it work .
But it is n't so easy to control human nature .
There are always the geeks to contend with who see that the system is based on a lie and want to overturn it .
Why should the majority rule the minority – or , more precisely , why should the well - organized minority rule the relatively indifferent majority ?
What we need is democracy 2.0 in which power and privilege is not steered but abolished altogether .
Who will carry the day ?
In the short run , they wonks are right .
They win .
They rule .
They ruled the ancient world for hundreds of years .
They rule the Soviet Union for 72 .
They rule the United States today .
But the long run is another matter .
Rome and the Soviet Union fell — in revolutions enacted by geeks .
The wonks eventually come to underestimate the power of ideas and underappreciate the effect of ideals .
Which life is worth living ?
The wonk is famous , even legendary .
The geek rarely achieves fame , even when he does change history .
Why ?
The wonks write the history .
But it is the geeks who make history happen in the first place .
The geeks will look back at their lives with satisfaction that they did their best to realize a dream .
The wonks , looking back at their lives , see that they were little more than a cog in a machine .
Someday , even in the United States , they may have to concede that all they did crumbled into nothingness .
Protesters called for an apology from the Danish government
Enlarge Image
The cartoons were reprinted in Danish newspapers two years after they first prompted worldwide protests .
President Omar al - Bashir called for a Muslim boycott of Danish goods and said Danes were no longer welcome in Sudan .
A German minister called on European newspapers to reprint the cartoons as a show of support for press freedom .
Worldwide protests
Protests have taken place in Indonesia , the Gaza Strip , Pakistan , and Denmark since the cartoons were reprinted .
Correspondents say many protesters feel that Denmark has learnt little since the publication of the cartoons two years ago , which prompted protests and rioting across the world .
At least 50 people were killed and three Danish embassies were attacked in 2006 .
In Sudan , the government - organised rally was mostly peaceful , though the atmosphere was highly charged , and there were some reports of stone throwing .
Roads in central Khartoum were closed and traffic was brought to a standstill .
Leaflets handed out called for an official apology from the Danish government .
" We urge all Muslims around the world to boycott Danish commodities , goods , companies , institutions , organisations and personalities , " President Bashir told crowds outside the Republic Palace in Khartoum .
" Not a single Danish foot will from now on desecrate the land of Sudan , " he added .
It was not immediately clear how many Danes live in Sudan or if those banned include diplomats .
On Tuesday , Sudan said it had banned the import of Danish goods .
German support
In an interview , Germany 's interior minister gave his backing to the Danish newspapers ' decision to reprint the cartoons .
" I have respect for the fact that Danish newspapers have now all printed the Muhammad caricatures , on the basis we will not let ourselves to be divided , " Wolfgang Schaeuble was quoted as saying by the German weekly news magazine Die Zeit .
" Actually , all European newspapers should now print these caricatures , with the explanation : ' We also find them lousy , but the exercise of press freedom is no reason to practise violence , ' " Mr Schaeuble said .
The New Morgellons Order
On a new Spring Saturday in Austin , Texas , over 100 people , from 22 states and 3 countries ,
gathered at Westoak Woods Baptist Church to discuss , as a concerned
community , the mysterious affliction known as Morgellons .
There were NO known representatives in attendance from
the Center for Disease Control
OR their task force agency : Kaiser Permanente
One would think that with 75 - 80 % of the people there experiencing Morgellons symptoms ,
and a group of credentialed , experienced , independent researchers present ; the aforementioned
organizations would be grateful for the opportunity to gather pertinent information from those
who have spent years on the topic ... if only to rule out what has been found that Morgellons is not .
IF nothing else , spend a little of that less than $ 400,000 budgeted to the task force to actually
meet and maybe even examine a couple patients and possibly reassure them that
their government is indeed interested in helping them identify the cause of their suffering
and get them some help .
One would think ....
The morning session was ended with " Morgellons Music : A Tribute to Charles E. Holman "
Special Guest : Lee Mounger , Texas Musician
Morgellons and Lyme disease information was presented by various interested and active groups .
Funds , of course , are always needed for continued education and research into these devastating disorders .
Hopefully , when this group , and others who care , join together for the second annual event ,
more progress will have been made .
This gathering was overall very positive
considering the obstacles the attendees and their families and care providers are facing .
Making moonshine has gone from a backwoods black art to a high - end hobby practiced by “ whiskey geeks ” with a taste for top - shelf hooch .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Unlike their bootlegging predecessors , who cooked up big batches of white lightning and distributed the illegal booze out of the backs of cars , today ’s moonshiners focus on quality rather than quantity .
“ It took me years , but with practice and dedication you can make any spirit every bit as good as a commercial distiller , ” says Dave Robison , 42 , owner of Pioneer Spirits , a single - batch distillery in Chico , California .
“ You might not be able to reproduce it exactly , but it will be as good as anything you can buy on the top shelf . ”
Home distillation of liquor used to be the province of backwoods bootleggers .
Up until 1974 , when the world price of sugar skyrocketed , commercial moonshiners throughout the Southeastern United States made enough money making hooch that it was worth the risk of getting caught by federal revenuers .
Today , making your own liquor is as illegal as ever , and a lot less lucrative .
In fact , it ’s considerably cheaper to buy it off the shelf .
As a result , today ’s home distillers are quintessential do - it - yourselfers .
Many are engineers and techies , much like the liquor connoisseurs who attend the Whiskies of the World Expo each year in San Francisco .
“ We have a whole audience that we refer to as the whiskey geek , ” event founder and organizer Riannon Walsh says .
“ I think 90 percent of them are techies . ”
John Spidell misses the moonshine tradition .
A former federal revenuer , the 65 - year - old spent the first half of the ’70s “ busting up ” illegal stills in North Carolina .
His job sometimes required living in a sleeping bag under a piece of canvas for weeks at a time , watching a big still , waiting for the owner to appear .
Smaller stills got less attention .
“ A five - or six - hundred - gallon outfit was n’t worth wasting time on , ” he says .
“ I ’d go back to my vehicle , get the C4 explosives and blasting caps , and I ’d blow it up .
There were only so many of us , and only so much time . ”
Spidell was blowing up simple pot stills , which were used to distill mash made from sugar , water , yeast and hog “ shorts ” ( corn feed for hogs ) .
After it was fermented , the mash would go into the boiler , where it was heated .
Because alcohol boils at a lower temperature than water , the vapors that rose from the mash contained more alcohol than the mash itself .
Those rising vapors traveled through an angled lyne arm to a condenser , traditionally made of copper coil .
The condensed spirits were collected and redistilled until they reached a sufficient proof , then bottled in quart - size mason jars or gallon - size plastic milk jugs .
Bootleggers delivered the illicit liquor to “ shot houses ” in the cities on Wednesdays and Thursdays , ensuring they were stocked for the weekend .
Today ’s home distillers are more likely to build a small reflux still and hide it in the garage .
Unlike a pot still , the vapors rise through a column packed with copper wool or another high - surface - area material before being directed into the condenser .
A beer keg makes a good boiler , and a homemade column and condenser are within the reach of anyone with basic welding and soldering skills and access to copper pipe .
The packed column makes the reflux still more efficient than a pot still , so it produces a higher - proof spirit on the first distillation .
Still , the average home distiller is n’t making any money on the endeavor .
“ People are trying to keep a tradition alive , ” Robison says .
“ They ’re not selling it .
That ’s looked down on in the home distilling crowd .
Most people I know are n’t making more than a gallon at a time .
Some people on the forum come from the moonshiner tradition , and we ’ve learned a lot from them .
But I ’ve never met anyone who makes it for money . ”
Robison runs the popular Home Distiller forum with more than 2,000 registered users and 50,000 unique visitors per month .
Other online home distilling resources include Smiley ’s Home Distilling and American Distiller .
Depending on the efficiency of the still , home - distilled alcohol can vary from 120 to 192 proof , or 60 percent to 96 percent pure alcohol .
The concept may be simple , but high - quality home - distilling is n’t exactly easy .
The moonshine tradition spawned a lot of misinformation , which Robison tries to rectify on the forum .
First and foremost , he makes it clear that home distillation of liquor is illegal in all 50 states and just about every country , save New Zealand .
Besides being illicit , white lightning has earned a reputation for blinding and killing people who drink it .
Many sources attribute these effects to methanol ( “ the heads ” ) , which boils off naturally during an early stage of the distillation process .
“ The heads will make you blind if you drink it , but I defy you to try to drink it , ” says microdistiller Michael Heavener , co-owner of Highball Distillery in Portland , Oregon .
“ If it does n’t make you wince when you smell it , it ’s probably not going to make you go blind . ”
The real culprit in poison moonshine was usually radiators , according to Spidell .
“ Copper coils are not the most efficient condenser .
If you ’re making 10,000 to 25,000 gallons at a time , you might immerse a truck radiator in the water .
Chemicals in the moonshine leach out lead salts from the soldering .
As a result of that , here comes the lead poisoning . ”
Made properly , home - distilled spirits are as safe to drink as any commercial liquor .
Still , Heavener warns , “ I ’d be more concerned with the danger of explosions . ”
Most stills are heated with propane burners .
Purified ethanol is highly flammable , and its clear blue flame can be difficult to see under certain conditions .
Open flame plus high - proof alcohol equals one potentially explosive combination .
Even innocent mistakes — such as using lead soldering or plastic parts in the still – can lead to serious consequences .
So Robison encourages would - be home - distillers to do their homework first and make liquor later .
After all , he says , “ This ai n’t stamp collecting . ”
The judge said Mr Campbell 's baldness was not a disability A retired schoolteacher who claimed he was a victim of disability discrimination because he is bald has lost his claim .
James Campbell , 61 , formerly an art teacher at Denny High School in Stirlingshire , took Falkirk Council to an employment tribunal over the issue .
He told the Glasgow tribunal he had suffered from harassment at the hands of pupils because of his baldness .
In his ruling , the tribunal judge said baldness was " not an impairment " .
Mr Campbell , from Stirlingshire , who is also claiming constructive and unfair dismissal against the council , said pupils at the school perceived his baldness as a weakness .
If baldness was to be regarded as an impairment then perhaps a physical feature such as a big nose , big ears or being smaller than average height might of themselves be regarded as an impairment
Tribunal judge Robert Gall
He claimed his baldness had a " substantial and long term adverse effect " on his ability to do his job .
Speaking during the hearing , Mr Campbell said : " How can I stand in front of a class with confidence to get on with my job when I am getting teased and bullied about baldness , when I think they are laughing at me all the time . ''
The former teacher , who retired in 2007 , said he avoided corridors in the school where he would meet pupils to avoid them shouting ' ' baldy ' ' .
He added : '' I left school later at night after the bell went to avoid the kids . "
' Big nose '
Mr Campbell said that if the pupils were prepared to call him baldy to his face , they might also assault him .
Falkirk Council argued that baldness was not a physical or mental impairment and was therefore not covered by the Disability Discrimination Act ( DDA ) .
Tribunal judge Robert Gall said that because Mr Campbell 's baldness was used by others to taunt him , it did not mean it was a disability .
He said : " It seems to me it would be to take the definition of impairment too far .
" If baldness was to be regarded as an impairment then perhaps a physical feature such as a big nose , big ears or being smaller than average height might of themselves be regarded as an impairment under the DDA .
" That , to me , can not be right looking to the DDA , the guidance and relevant case law . ''
Mr Campbell 's constructive and unfair dismissal claim against the council will go ahead at a later date .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Decision Will Harm Eligible Voters , But Leaves Door Open To Future New Legal Challenges
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 212 ) 549-2666 ; media@aclu.org
WASHINGTON - In a 6 - 3 decision , the U.S. Supreme Court today rejected a challenge to Indiana 's most - restrictive - in - the - nation voter identification law .
The American Civil Liberties Union 's case , Crawford v. Marion County Election Board - consolidated with Indiana Democratic Party v. Rokita - is an appeal of two lower court decisions that upheld the state 's law requiring voters to present government - issued photo IDs in order to vote .
The ACLU argued that the Indiana law creates an unconstitutional burden on voting rights .
" Today 's decision minimizes the very real burden that Indiana 's voter ID law places on tens of thousands of eligible voters who lack a government - issued identification while accepting at face value Indiana 's unsubstantiated claim of voter fraud , " said Ken Falk , Legal Director of the ACLU of Indiana and lead counsel on the case .
In January 2007 , the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in Chicago upheld Indiana 's voter ID law by understating the right of every individual to vote without being subject to undue burdens imposed by the state .
There is no evidence that Indiana 's voter ID law is justified by any actual problem of voting fraud , which is already prohibited by various criminal statutes in the state .
No cases of in - person voting fraud have been prosecuted in the state in recent history .
" We are very disappointed in today 's decision , but it leaves the door open to future challenges in Indiana and elsewhere by registered voters who are denied their right to vote based on onerous and unconstitutional voter ID laws , " said ACLU Legal Director Steven R. Shapiro .
" We should be seeking ways to encourage more people to vote , not inventing excuses to deny citizens their constitutional voting rights . "
The Supreme Court 's decision on the constitutionality of voter ID laws has broad national significance with the 2008 election underway .
Indiana is one of over 20 states that have passed restrictive voter ID laws , while other states are considering similar legislation .
Plaintiffs in the ACLU 's case include the Indianapolis branch of the NAACP as well as organizations representing the elderly , the homeless , and people with disabilities , along with two elected officials .
" As the dissent notes , Indiana 's law will sadly but predictably have its greatest impact on voters who are poor , elderly , belong to racial minorities , or have disabilities , " said Angela Ciccolo , Interim General Counsel with the NAACP .
Attorneys on the case , Crawford v. Marion County , are Shapiro of the national ACLU ; Falk , Jacquelyn Bowie Suess and Gavin Rose of the ACLU of Indiana ; Laughlin McDonald and Neil Bradley of the ACLU Voting Rights Project ; Ciccolo , and Victor Goode of the national NAACP : and Pamela Karlan and Jeffrey Fisher .
For more information on this case , including legal briefs , go to www.aclu.org/ scotus/2007term/32592res20071106/
32592res20071106.html
More information on the work of the ACLU Voting Rights Project is available at : www.aclu.org/voting-rights
I missed last night ’s “ debate ” between Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama .
From what I can tell this morning , that was the smartest thing I did all day .
I ’ve read a good bit about it and seen some video and it looks like what transpired in Philadelphia may have been a new low - water mark in American journalism .
Let ’s see what people are saying .
Perhaps the best critique of the lot comes from Will Bunch of the Philadelphia Daily News .
Quickly , a word to any and all of my fellow journalists who happen to read this open letter :
This .
Must .
Stop. Tonight , if possible .
I thought that we had hit rock bottom in March 2003 , when we failed to ask the tough questions in the run-up to the Iraq war .
But this feels even lower .
We need to pick ourselves up , right now , and start doing our job — to take a deep breath and remind ourselves of what voters really need to know , and how we get there , that ’s it ’s not all horse - race and “ gotcha . ”
Although , to be blunt , I would also urge the major candidates in 2012 to agree only to debates that are organized by the League of Women Voters , with citizen moderators and questioners .
Because we have proven without a doubt in 2008 that working journalists do n’t deserve to be the debate “ deciders . ”
Damn .
Maybe ABC saw this Onion News Network report and thought it was real .
Periodically we ’ll examine some instance of journalistic malpractice or another and perhaps ask ourselves if we ’ve finally hit bottom , but at this point I think we need to instead be asking if there is a bottom .
Is there any low to which the American press will not stoop ?
Is there any question so stupid that some hair - gelled punditeer wo n’t ask it ?
Is there any damage that our corporate news agencies wo n’t do to the Republic in the name of profit ?
These are open questions .
The media ’s complicity in all the faux Clinton scandals was appalling , especially in light of how transparently partisan the dirty tricks campaigns were .
Then many of us wondered how much lower the press could go than it did in the Chandra Levy non-story .
If you bought all the wailing and gnashing of teeth and the cries of “ never again ” coming from all corners of the journalistic landscape in the aftermath of that one , dock yourself ten points and go sit in the corner until after recess , you silly little bitch .
What about the gleefulness with which the press aided and abetted the run-up to the Iraq War ?
Let ’s not forget Plamegate , or The Tragic Case of Karl Rove ’s Typist .
Heck , in general , can we ask about the 4th Estate ’s abject refusal , under any circumstances , to perform even the most basic watchdogging on one of the most inept and corrupt governments in our history ?
It ’s not like we ’re asking them to go cover the hard stories or anything – just get the easy ones right .
Had they known reporters were going to behave the way they do today , what possible rationale could the Founders have offered for freedom of the press ?
Charlie and George may have set a new record for disgusting ineptitude last night , but do n’t expect the mark to stand for long .
Why ?
Easy .
While there are significant forces exerting a downward pressure on journalistic “ standards ” – everything from a poorly educated and intellectually slothful public to a corporatist power structure that benefits from mind - numbing dog and pony shows – there are very few insisting that we do better .
The best proof I can offer of this lies with the candidates themselves .
Obama and Clinton could demand more , could n’t they ?
They may not have particularly enjoyed the idiocy last night , but they could have done something about it .
They could have insured it did n’t happen beforehand , because the candidates exert significant control over what goes on in a debate .
They could have stopped it in its track as it was happening .
Imagine had Sen. Clinton looked the moderators in the eye and said “ this election is too important to millions of Americans for us to tolerate the monkey show you ’re trying to run .
Either get serious or get off the stage .
Sen .
Obama and I are smart enough to run this thing ourselves , I think . ”
Imagine Sen. Obama mocking G - Steph : “ George , I see you ’re reading directly from a Republican talking points document there .
Did n’t ABC have any actual journalists it could have put in your chair tonight ? ”
Imagine the two of them calling timeout , huddling up , then taking three minutes apiece to scorch the state of American journalism .
Then walking off the stage together .
None of that happened .
Obama is in front of some cameras this morning sniping about the debate a bit , although he seems to want me to believe that he was just as much a helpless victim as was the rest of America .
Am I buying this ?
Are you ?
Well , this wo n’t be the last debate , will it ?
If the next one is a model for political discourse in an advanced society , then we ’ll know he and Sen.
Clinton are fed up , too .
If not , we ’ll know that they ’re content ( along with Sen. McCain , who ’ll be drawn in later in the summer ) with their roles in the monkey show .
Regardless , it ’s clear that the 4th Estate is n’t going to clean up its own house until there is a clear financial incentive to do so .
I do n’t see that happening anything soon , so you should probably brace yourself for more and more of the less and less .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  President Bush said Thursday that the House Democrats ' version of a terrorist - surveillance bill would undermine the nation 's security and that if it reaches his desk , he will veto it .
Ratcheting up his rhetoric , Bush said , " The American people understand the stakes in this struggle .
They want their children to be safe from terror . "
Democrats launched their own broadside in response .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif. , suggested Bush 's criticism was disingenuous .
" The president has said that our legislation will not make America safe , " she told reporters .
" The president is wrong , and he knows it . "
The third - ranking House Democrat , Rep. James Clyburn of South Carolina , called Bush 's comments " absurd and outrageous . "
The House was expected to vote on the measure later Thursday .
The bill Bush objects to would not give legal protection to telecommunications companies that helped the government eavesdrop on their customers without court permission after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
About 40 lawsuits have been filed against telecommunications companies by people and organizations alleging they violated wiretapping and privacy laws .
The lawsuits have been combined and are pending before a single federal judge in California .
The Democrats ' measure would encourage the judge to review in private any secret government documents underpinning the program , in order to decide whether the companies acted lawfully .
The administration has prevented those documents from being revealed , even to a judge , by invoking the state secrets privilege .
That puts the companies in a bind because it puts off - limits evidence they might use to defend themselves .
The surveillance law is intended to make it easier for the government to pursue suspected terrorists by making it easier to eavesdrop on foreign phone calls and e-mails that pass through the United States .
A temporary law expired Feb. 16 before Congress was able to produce a replacement bill .
Bush opposed an extension of the temporary law as a tactic to pressure Congress into accepting the Senate version of the surveillance legislation .
The Senate 's bill provides retroactive legal immunity for the telecommunications companies .
Bush said lawsuits against telecom companies would lead to the disclosure of state secrets .
Further , he said lawsuits would undermine the willingness of the private sector to cooperate with the government in trying to track down terrorists .
Bush said the House bill " could reopen dangerous intelligence gaps by putting in place a cumbersome court approval process that would make it harder to collect intelligence on foreign terrorists . "
Directing his message at the House , Bush said , " They should not leave for their Easter recess without getting the Senate bill to my desk . "
He predicted the Senate would not pass the House version of the bill , and said even if it did , he would veto it .
At least one Senate Republican said the lawsuits should go forward to determine whether the wiretapping program was illegal .
But Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter wants to substitute the government for the phone companies as the defendant in the court cases .
" The president can't have a blank check , " Specter said in an interview .
" If you close down the courts , there 's no check and balance . "
He added : " Wiretaps are important for national security .
There 's no doubt about that .
al - Qaeda and terrorism continue to be a major threat to this country .
It is my hope that the president will not find it necessary to veto the bill , that we 'll be able to work it out . "
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said Bush is misrepresenting the House bill , and suggested the fight is less about surveillance powers than it is that House Democrats are refusing to bend to Bush 's wishes .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Enlarge By Jim Young , Reuters President Bush told the House to have the Senate version of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act on his desk before the Easter recess during a press conference at the White House Thursday .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Legend : Jilted woman spreads grass seed in her former boyfriend ’s apartment .
LEGEND
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , March 2008 ]
I ’ve heard a rumour of an airline pilot who , while having a long time girlfriend , was partaking in a little ‘ sideways action ’ with a stewardess .
Apparently on finding this out the long term girlfriend broke up with him but still had a set of keys to his apartment .
So , hell hath no fury yada yada yada , the woman went into his apartment while he was away flying and laid grass seeds on the carpets , watered them thoroughly and left the air conditioner on warm , turning the apartment into a hot house .
Origins :
While it ’s impossible to date the first appearance of this story of a jilted woman ’s retaliation via making a lawn of her former lover ’s home ,
we note that it ’s been kicking around since at least the 1980s , when the spreading of “ health - food seeds ” throughout the intended victim ’s apartment , then watering the whole place down before forever closing the door behind the now re-empowered gal was worked into a telling of the “ Telephone left connected to an international call for three weeks ” revenge tale .
This is a typical “ woman strikes back ” tale , with the act of getting even taking place not in a direct , face - to - face manner , but when the party being punished is not present .
He himself is not subjected to the woman ’s wrath , but rather his things are , as she chooses to wreak financial havoc upon his possessions rather than physical havoc upon his person .
Legends such as these ( see The $ 50 Porsche for another example ) feature clever method of causing financial loss without having to do so in front of the one being harmed .
Sometimes the tale is rendered absent the male / female dynamic and presented as an “ avenging roommate ” story :
[ Collected on the Internet , April 2002 ]
This could be UL city , but I ’ve read it in a few places that had the stinky air of legitimacy about them .
At U of Washington , there ’s a dorm building called Terry / Lander — they ’re administratively different dorms , but they ’re attached .
Whatever .
Rooms are 2 people / room , and carpeted .
Legend has it that one person was moving out of Lander before Spring Quarter started , and hated his or her roommate sufficient to seek a little revenge .
The departing roommate spread water and grass seed over the room ’s carpet before after the returning roommate had left for break .
The returning roommate returned to a nice young lawn in his / her room .
Harder to extract than a moldy loaf of bread , but it a lot of ways more tolerable to keep around .
It ’s possible the legend grew out of a practical joke suggestion published in a compendium of such in 1985 :
A practical joker from Virginia with a green thumb and keen sense of mischief advises that for this prank to work the target must be out of town for at least two weeks while the practitioners carry out their fun .
A practical joker from Virginia with a green thumb and keen sense of mischief advises that for this prank to work the target must be out of town for at least two weeks while the practitioners carry out their fun .
Once the target has left town you and your associates gain access to his room , accompanied by one or two wheelbarrows full of topsoil , a bag of grass seed and some plastic sheets .
Spread the plastic sheets across the floor and cover them with about an inch of the topsoil .
Next sprinkle the grass seed evenly across your newly created garden , avoiding areas ( e.g. , under the bed ) where the grass will not grow .
Finally , water the freshly sewn seed , making sure not to get it too wet .
Do n’t forget to leave the window shades up .
You want to ensure the best possible lighting .
If you think it ’s necessary , go ahead and put some grow lights in the room .
There ’s no sense in taking chances with new seed .
You may also want to support your efforts by including one of those Miracle - Gro fertilizers in the soil .
Upkeep of the garden simply requires that you come back every couple of days to make sure the grass has enough water .
With any luck , your target should return to a carpet of lush green grass about three or four inches high .
Do not , as a wry joke , leave your target a set of grass trimmers .
He may very well stab you with them .
The desire for revenge runs deep in all of us .
Everyone who has ever been wronged has at one time or another felt the urge to strike a counterblow .
Most of us do n’t indulge in this pursuit because we ’ve deemed the cost of getting even too high to justify the benefits gained , yet we revel in thoughts of comeuppances doled out by others .
Such imaginings give us the chance to vicariously experience the joys of retribution , joys we ’re not likely to sample in real life .
Barbara “ seeds of discontent ” Mikkelson
Last updated : 11 June 2013
Sources :
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
For an advocate of straight talk and government transparency , John McCain has been less than clear with a voter - education nonprofit , on whose board he serves , about why he has n’t responded to its survey of issue positions .
Now , after nine months , 17 phone calls , and 8 emails asking McCain to state exactly where he stands on key issues , Montana - based Project Vote Smart is poised to kick McCain off its board later this week .
McCain has served on PVS ’s board since the late 1990s , when he replaced a different Arizona Republican , Senator Barry Goldwater , after Goldwater ’s death .
Richard Kimball , the group ’s president and , incidentally , the Democrat who ran against McCain during his first race for Senate , says the Arizona senator has filled out the survey , called the Political Courage Test , in every campaign since its inception in 1992 .
( Kimball counts McCain as a friend , and has tried to reach the Arizona senator personally three times . )
According to call records provided by PVS , the organization first contacted McCain ’s presidential campaign regarding the test late last June .
After the senator failed to return the survey , PVS staffers were told that due to tumult within the campaign — money was running low and staff turnover was high — the test had gotten lost in the shuffle .
Since then , however , 16 more phone calls have been made to the campaign , the most recent in late February , and eight emails have been sent .
Currently , this message appears when you look for McCain ’s response to the Political Courage Test on the PVS website :
Senator John Sidney McCain III repeatedly refused to provide any responses to citizens on the issues through the 2008 Political Courage Test when asked to do so by national leaders of the political parties , prominent members of the media , Project Vote Smart President Richard Kimball , and Project Vote Smart staff .
The Political Courage Test tries to pin down candidates to hard and fast answers about critical issues .
Among other things , it asks them to state whether they aim to support funding increases or cuts , and to what degree , on a variety of spending issues , from defense to the arts to highway infrastructure .
It is sent to state and federal candidates every time they run for office .
The point of the exercise is to push candidates to be as detailed in their answers as possible — a prospect that may be unnerving to many politicians who like to preserve wiggle room for future political maneuvering .
According to Kimball , PVS has a rule that prohibits any nonrespondents from serving on its board .
And , after more than seven months with no response from McCain , the organization ’s executive committee voted in February to remove the senator from the board on April 9 unless he submits his answers to the survey or a fellow board member objects to his removal by that date .
“ Assuming that John McCain does n’t change his mind or there ’s not some objection from board members , which has n’t happened , effectively on April 9 he will not be a member of our board , ” says Kimball .
Kimball has known McCain since he ran against him in 1986 .
“ It was n’t a very pleasant race for either us , ” he says .
“ But we became friends after that .
He was always a big supporter of the Project .
It ’s personally very disappointing to me .
I was surprised that he did n’t do it . ”
Board members have been removed for this reason before .
Former Democratic Senator Bill Bradley ( D - N.J. ) served on PVS ’s board until 2000 , when he ran for president and refused to fill out the survey .
Senator Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) has also been removed for not responding .
Among the remaining presidential candidates , McCain is not alone in snubbing the Political Courage Test .
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have done the same .
Kimball says that ignoring the survey is a worsening trend .
“ Every year we have measured that candidates are less and less likely to provide information out of their pollster - approved safety boxes , ” he says .
“ Since we started keeping close track of [ the response rate ] in 1996 , it started with 72 percent of the candidates for Congress taking it and most of the candidates for president taking it .
Every year it has gone down a few percentage points , with a slight aberration in 2002 .
Currently , it ’s down to 48 percent . ”
The McCain campaign did not respond to a request for comment .
I 'm Sorry , Mr G. Raffe Is Not Available Dublin Zoo Bombarded by 100,000 Hoax Calls
Dublin Zoo has issued an appeal to the public to stop calling its switchboard .
It warns people responding to text messages urging them to call people with names like G. Raffe , Anna Conda and Rory Lyons are falling victim to one of the oldest practical jokes in the book .
" It will stretch parks staff to the limit when they are already working hard on this year 's Chelsea garden and the bedding and container planting for the city 's summer displays . "
Mike says ,
I created this website as a parody of the famous Million Dollar Homepage .
The Zimbabwe dollar just crashed again last week and , on the black market , you can now get Z$ 20,000,000 for USD $ 1 ( the official exchange rate is USD $ 1 = Z$ 33,000 ) .
I cut prices from 3 cents per 900 pixels to 1 cent per 900 pixels because of the recent collapse .
Unfortunately I have to charge an additional Z$ 1 million ( US$ 0.35 ) per purchase to cover paypal fees .
WASHINGTON — By 2017 , total health care spending will double to more than $ 4 trillion a year , accounting for one of every $ 5 the nation spends , the federal government estimates .
The 6.7 percent annual increase in spending — nearly three times the rate of inflation — will be largely driven by higher prices and an increased demand for care , the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services said Monday .
Other factors in the mix include a growing and aging population .
The first wave of baby boomers become eligible for Medicare beginning in 2011 .
With the aging population , the federal government will be picking up the tab for a growing share of the nation ’s medical expenses .
Overall , federal and state governments accounted for about 46 percent of health expenditures in 2006 .
That percentage will increase to 49 percent over the next decade .
Overall health care spending in 2017 was estimated to increase to $ 4.3 trillion .
That would be about 20 percent of U.S. gross domestic product , or GDP , the total monetary value of all finished goods and services produced in a country .
In 2006 , people and the government spent $ 2.1 trillion on health care , an average of $ 7,026 a person .
In 2017 , health spending will cost an estimated $ 13,101 a person .
Within the health sector , economists project that spending on hospital care will increase at rate of 6.9 percent a year over the coming decade , spending on physician services will rise 5.9 percent annually , and spending on nursing homes will grow 5.2 percent a year .
In his budget for next year , President Bush recommended slowing the yearly growth of Medicare from about 7 percent to about 5 percent , primarily by freezing reimbursement rates for the next three years to scores of health care providers .
Bush also proposed requiring wealthier Medicare beneficiaries to pay higher monthly premiums when participating in Medicare ’s prescription drug coverage plan .
Those recommendations would reduce spending by nearly $ 178 billion over five years , but have little chance of passage in Congress .
Health and Human Services Secretary Mike Leavitt has acknowledged the unpopularity of the recommendations , but he said the longer lawmakers wait , the more difficult the decisions will be .
“ Medicare , on its current course , is not sustainable , ” Leavitt testified .
Democratic lawmakers also have proposed ways to slow health spending , primarily by trimming payments to private insurers who oversee health coverage for nearly 9 million Medicare beneficiaries .
Bush Forges Ahead Carte Blanche for General Petraeus in Iraq
Just days after US General David Petraeus said there " are no lights at the end of the tunnel " in Iraq , US President George W. Bush spoke of numerous successes in the conflict .
All the US must do , he said , is stay the course -- and keep a close eye on Iran .
Ethanol stirring concerns along Gulf Coast Ethanol stirring coastal concerns
As production rises , so does the threat of the Gulf 's dead zone
The recent passage of the mammoth energy bill could have unintended consequences for the Gulf of Mexico that have nothing to do with oil and gas platforms .
Under the law , production of ethanol is set to increase five - fold to 36 billion gallons a year by 2020 .
Some environmentalists are worried that the shift to ethanol — viewed as a home - grown alternative to foreign oil — could enlarge the northern Gulf 's " dead zone , " an 8,000 - square - mile area so devoid of oxygen that fish , shrimp and other sea life cannot survive .
Already ethanol , by doubling corn prices since 2002 , has driven corn production to its highest levels since World War II .
Growing corn requires considerably more nitrogen - based fertilizer than most crops .
When the fertilizer runs off fields in the Midwest , it drains into the Mississippi and eventually reaches the Gulf of Mexico .
" This year 's dead zone is the third highest on record , and I think we 're already seeing an impact from increased ethanol use , " said Donald Scavia , a University of Michigan professor who studies farm practices and hypoxia , or low - oxygen water .
Scientists say the Gulf 's dead zone has grown larger since its discovery more than 20 years ago .
According to Nancy Rabelais , a professor with the Louisiana Universities Marine Consortium who annually surveys the area , the dead zone has been about 15 percent bigger in the last five years than normal .
But not all scientists are ready to blame increased corn farming for that growth , at least not yet .
" It 's something we should be wary of and keep an eye on , but it 's not something we should jump to conclusions on , " said Steven DiMarco , an assistant professor at Texas A&M University who specializes in dead zone research .
" It could be a number of years before the nitrate makes its way from the Midwest into the Gulf .
And once there , it may make the dead zone bigger , or last longer .
Or it may do nothing at all .
We just do n't know yet . "
Nitrates reaching the Gulf set into motion a chain of events to create a dead zone , DiMarco said .
The excess nitrogen produces booming populations of algae , which feed upon the nutrient .
This algae then dies and sinks to the bottom of the sea , where it decays and is eventually consumed by bacteria that breathe oxygen .
The bacteria population multiplies , depleting the oxygen available for other species .
The Gulf 's dead zone typically forms near the Mississippi River 's mouth because , in addition to nitrate , an influx of fresh river water is required for its creation .
Fresh river water is less dense than salt water , and the two , like oil and water , do n't mix .
For that reason , oxygen at the surface is not transported to the salt water below where marine organisms live .
Dead zones are most prominent in summer , when winds , which aid in mixing , are weakest .
Strong frontal systems in the fall generally break them up .
A report published by the National Academy of Sciences in October , Water Implications of Biofuels Production in the United States , concluded that hypoxia is among the chief water - quality concerns raised by ethanol production .
" If not addressed through policy and technology development , this effect could accelerate , " the report concluded .
Jon Devine , a clean water specialist with the environmental group Natural Resources Defense Council , said the new energy law contains provisions to monitor and study the environmental aspects of ethanol , including hypoxia .
" As the bio-energy economy starts to expand , it 's going to be important for Congress to invest in making sure we 're not trading one set of environmental harms for another , " he said .
To that end , Devine said new farming legislation should beef up programs to manage water quality , such as providing funds to create buffer zones around large corn farms and restore wetlands , which can naturally remove nitrogen from the water before it reaches large rivers .
eric.berger@chron.com
Ah , but Ms. Toporoff was glossing over the uglier realities of the business : there is , of course , a youth requirement .
And though puppy Pilates may yet be rare , there is a preferred weight and height range , so the stars will not overwhelm the 10 - foot - deep , 19 - foot - long stadium .
( A soda can is used for comparison in many of the puppy photos , which are typically full - scale body shots . )
Upon further questioning , Ms. Toporoff admitted a potential casting bias : “ I own a Shih Tzu , ” she said .
Though there are no teams or uniforms , the show follows many football conventions .
This year ’s game begins with the national anthem ; the puppies watch the flag wave with due gravitas , if no paws over hearts .
There is commentary , by Harry Kalas , the legendary N.F.L. and Phillies broadcaster , who in this case says things like : “ He ’s at the 20 , he ’s at the 30 !
O.K. , now he ’s back at the 20 , the 10 . ”
There are M.V.P. and viewer ’s choice awards .
And there is a referee to call the action , such as it is , and deal with what the show refers to as “ puppy fouls . ”
He cleans them up , on camera but without close - ups .
“ I ’ll just get this out of the way : it ’s a dirty job but someone ’s got to do it , ” said Andrew Schechter , the show ’s production coordinator and this year ’s ref .
As for penalties , “ I took some liberties , calling ‘ unnecessary rrruff- ness , ’ ” Mr. Schechter , an aspiring actor , said .
( “ That ’s what I ’m going to sign on autographs , ” he added . )
The best plays are much discussed .
“ My friend Dean was shocked last year when one of the puppies threw his fleece squirrel into the water bowl , ” Mr. Chandler said .
“ He thought that should be a penalty . ”
Actually , the most popular part of “ Puppy Bowl ” may be the water - bowl camera ( “ the greatest technical innovation since the yellow first - down line , ” Mr. Chandler said ) .
Positioned beneath a bowl with a transparent bottom , it gives viewers a snout - first view of the puppies drinking , or more .
Sometimes they stand in the water bowl , “ and you see their cute little paws , ” Mr. Schechter said rhapsodically .
Taped over two days , the show has a production crew of about 30 people , as well as dog and cat owners , an animal handler , a veterinarian and a representative of the American Humane association to oversee it .
( Yes , the dogs and cats are kept apart . )
About 50 hours of footage from five cameras are edited down to the three - hour special , which is then scripted to match the action .
What is ALM ?
Traceability
What is ALM ?
If you are a software developer , there are a whole bunch of companies ( including mine ) who want to sell you stuff .
If you read any magazines , go to any conferences , or visit any websites , there is a good chance you 've seen their ( our ) marketing efforts .
More and more often , the term you see in those marketing materials is " ALM " .
Ever wondered what that term means ?
It means " Application Lifecycle Management " .
Do n't you feel better now that I 've cleared all that up ? :-)
Digression : Dead - End Acronyms
So ALM is what I call a dead - end acronym .
Like all acronyms , nobody knows what it means until you see its expanded form .
But with dead - end acronyms , people can stare all they want at the expanded form and they still do n't know what it means .
There 's nowhere to go .
It 's a dead - end .
We software developers have a tendency to create dead - end acronyms .
For example , SOA means " Service Oriented Architecture " , but I still do n't know what that means .
My personal theory is that dead - end acronyms get created when somebody forces the issue .
They create an acronym which did n't want to be created .
Indigo did n't really want to be WCF -- it just wanted to stay Indigo .
Dead - end acronyms .
Our special gift to the world .
No , really .
What is ALM ?
Back to the point .
What is ALM ?
Let 's look a bit deeper .
The expanded form actually does hold a few clues :
From the word " Application " ( and from the overall context ) we know that this is about " Software Development " .
The word " Management " is fairly intuitive all by itself .
The word " Lifecycle " tells us that we 're talking about the whole software development process .
All of it .
So , we can translate " ALM " to " Managing The Whole Software Development Process " .
I suppose it 's obvious that " MTWSDP " does n't exactly roll off the tongue like " ALM " does .
Worse , I 'd have to say we still have n't made much progress here .
Is n't there some way out of this dead - end ?
What is ALM ?
Two roads diverged in a wood , and I ...
Starting from this point , attempts to define ALM usually go in one of two distinct directions .
The Trees ( focus on the details )
List all of the activities in the whole software development process ( idea , market research , requirements , design , architecture , implementation , testing , release , wild drunk release party , user support , postmortem , assignment of blame , sackings , regret over impulsive terminations , rehiring as contractors at twice the cost , lather , rinse , repeat ) .
For each activity , list one or more tools that support that activity ( requirements management , modeling , compilers , automated testing , issue tracking , project management , dart board , help desk , time tracking , etc ) .
The Forest ( look at the big- picture ) Talk about the benefits that software managers can get from looking at the whole lifecycle .
Talk about the integration between the various tools in the whole software development process .
I believe the essence of ALM lies in the big picture view , in the real benefits that software managers get from using a truly integrated suite of tools that give them the ability to deal with the whole software development lifecycle .
My definition of ALM proceeds from The Forest perspective , the big picture view .
Getting more specific
So far this piece is over 500 words long and it still does n't say anything .
It 's time to get a bit more specific .
Before I go any further , let me say that this particular article does not attempt to offer a complete definition of ALM .
For now I am going to focus on just one issue : Traceability .
Let 's look at an example .
The Mystery of the PersonCompanyAssoc Table , Part 1
Joe is a technical support representative for CrummySoft , an ISV that sells a CRM solution .
He is working with a customer who says they just upgraded from version 6.0 to 7.0 and suddenly everything became really slow .
In an effort to track down the problem , he goes to visit Sally , a program manager .
Joe :
One of my customers says version 7.0 is a lot slower than 6.0 .
Sally :
How much is " a lot " ?
Joe : Loading their dashboard page went from 1 second to around 30 seconds .
Sally :
That 's a lot .
How many other customers are complaining about this ?
Joe : I 've heard of a few .
Maybe a dozen .
So far .
The detective work begins .
Sally opens her IDE and digs into the problem .
Looking into the DB schema , she sees something odd .
Sally :
Here 's something odd .
Joe : What ?
Sally : Somebody changed the SQL table schema during the 7.0 dev cycle .
In 6.0 and prior , each person could be associated with exactly one company .
In fact , the People table had a column which was a foreign key into the Companies table .
Sometime during 7.0 , this changed .
Now we have a new table called PersonCompanyAssoc , which allows a Person to be connected with more than one company .
Joe : OK .
So what 's the problem ?
Sally :
The problem is that there were lots of places in the code which assumed a Person would only be associated with one Company .
Somebody went through and tried to fix them all with a bunch of changes to indexes , triggers and constraints .
Not all of those fixes were done in a very scalable way .
Most customers will be unaffected , but I could imagine some situations where we end up with a major slowdown .
Joe :
What kinds of situations ?
Sally :
Well , for example , I 'm guessing things would get bad if the Locations table has lots of different entries for the same Company .
Joe : Bingo .
My customer deals mostly with virtual companies .
Their database has one company which is scattered across thirty different states and five countries in Europe .
Sally :
That would do it .
Joe :
So does n't this change seem kind of stupid anyway ?
Why would somebody need the ability to associate one person with multiple organizations ?
Sally : I do n't know , but there 's probably a reason .
Let 's look for more clues .
Sally brings up the version control history log to find out who made these code changes and why .
Sally : Apparently the PersonCompanyAssoc table was added by a developer named Tony .
The checkin comment explains what he was doing , but there 's no rationale for why and no mention of the spec for this feature .
Joe :
So hey , as long as we 're here in the code , can you just put it back the way it was ?
If this change does n't make any sense and it's causing performance problems , why not just undo it ?
Sally :
It would probably be better to understand the whole story before we just change it back .
Let 's go find Tony and ask for more info .
Is n't version control enough ?
Version control does give you some traceability , and that 's a good thing .
But in many cases , it is not enough .
Version control will tell you about code changes .
It can answer questions like Who , What and When .
But the hardest question in traceability is Why , and version control often lacks enough information to give a good answer .
Even if the developer is supposed to give a checkin comment which explains why a change was made , the detective work tends to get stuck because the clues dry up .
Why is this piece of code there ?
Oh , it was to fix a bug .
Which bug ?
Oh , that one .
But why was this a bug ?
Oh , the spec says it should work this way .
But why ?
Oh , here 's the rationale for that requirement .
It came from marketing research .
Very few developers write checkin comments which are good enough to solve the really tough mysteries in software development , and they should n't have to .
We do n't need better checkin comments .
We need all the artifacts from the whole software development process to be linked together .
The Mystery , Part 2
Sally and Joe walk across the CrummySoft campus to building 71 where they find themselves in a seemingly endless room filled with cubicles .
The manager sitting next to the entrance at a mahogany desk with a nameplate identifying him as Biff .
Biff : Can I help you ?
Sally :
We 're looking for a developer named Tony .
Is he here ?
Biff :
Why do you want to see him ?
Sally :
He made a code change and we need to ask him for more information about it .
Biff : OK , let 's see .
Tony .
Ah yes , he 's in cubicle 19 - 346 - B .
Joe : 19 - 346 - B.
Where 's that ?
Biff : I gather that you 've never been here before ?
Very well .
Cubicle 19 - 346 - B.
Go to aisle 19 .
Walk down to the 346th cubicle .
Tony should be in the one on your left .
Joe and Sally eventually reach Tony 's cubicle where they find him playing World of Warcraft .
Tony : You need somethin' ?
Joe :
Why did you add a PersonCompany Assoc table during the 7.0 dev cycle ?
Tony :
How should I know ?
That was like nine months ago .
I 've probably made at least two other code changes since then .
I can't be expected to remember details like that .
Sally :
Do you know anyone who might know ?
Tony : Ask Phil in QA .
Maybe there 's some info in that bug tracking database I 've seen him using .
Joe :
So where do we find Phil ?
Tony : Geez , have you guys never been here before or what ?
Phil is in cubicle 61 - 842 - A .
That means you go down to aisle 61 , turn left , and walk down ---
Joe : Yeah , yeah , we got it .
Thanks .
Sally and Joe meander their way across the cubicle field to find Phil .
Along the way , Joe pauses at the intersection of an aisle and a row .
The walls in all four directions are too far away to see .
Continuing on , they eventually reach their destination .
Sally : Phil , any idea why Tony added a PersonCompany Assoc table about six months ago ?
Phil : Yeah , I think we did that to fix a bug .
Joe :
Which bug ?
Phil :
How should I know ?
Sally :
Well could you look it up ?
Phil : Fine , let 's see .
Oh yeah , it 's bug 8675309 .
Sally :
Does that bug have any information about why the change was made ?
Phil :
Not really , but there 's a comment here by somebody on the sales team .
Did you talk to them yet ?
Joe : Aha !
Let 's go ask the sales team !
Team Size
ALM tools are often associated with very large projects and enterprise development .
This is just intuitive .
The more people involved , the more complexity to be managed .
Imagine trying to solve a mystery and you get stuck .
You need more clues , so you start canvassing the neighborhood looking for people who might have seen something suspicious .
Now suppose that " the neighborhood " is a software development division with 5,000 people in it .
Those interviews are going to take a while .
But chaos usually takes over long before a team gets that large .
Traceability may not be as important for a team of 50 as it is for a team of 5,000 , but it can still be pretty important .
People forget why things happen , and that forgetfulness is not a function of the size of the team they are on .
You may be thinking , " My team is small .
We should n't have these kinds of problems , but this mystery still sounds familiar .
Why does this kind of detective work happen when we 've only got 10 people ? "
Are you sure you are counting everyone ? :-)
How about your customers ?
They are part of your story .
When a customer asks for something , very often it triggers a sequence of steps .
And somebody will probably want to trace that sequence back to that customer .
SourceGear is a pretty small company .
We 've got less than 50 people on our staff .
But our flagship product , Vault , is used by about 50 thousand people .
Sometimes we have a mystery to solve .
And very often the detective work leads us to one of those customers .
Our customers add to the complexity of our software lifecycle , and increase our need for traceability .
The Mystery , Part 3
When the plane arrives in Grand Cayman , Sally and Joe are greeted by a dozen beautiful people with perfect tans who escort them to the main company sales office , where , as always , a party is in progress .
Joe :
Who should we talk to ?
Sally : Let 's find Bill .
He came to the company headquarters once for a meeting .
I think he 'll remember us .
Weaving through the crowd , they eventually find Bill , martini in one hand , cell phone in the other .
Bill : Do I know you ?
Oh , wait .
Do n't you work at the HQ back in Minneapolis ?
I think we met last summer when I came up for that golf outing , er , I mean , sales training .
So what brings you all the way here to visit the sales team ?
Joe :
We 're trying to solve a mystery .
Between 6.0 and 7.0 , somebody changed the database schema to handle multiple company associations per person .
Any idea why ?
Bill : Can I offer you a martini ?
Sally : Seriously , Bill , this code change is causing a lot of problems .
We want to just rip it out , but we figure we should understand the background first .
Bill : Yeah , yeah , whatever .
That was n't my deal .
Ask Marty .
After a bit more searching and stopping briefly to slide under the limbo bar , Joe and Sally find Marty in the corner of the room speaking intensely into his cell phone .
Marty :
Do n't worry , you can count on me this time !
I 'll have the feature in version 8.0 , I promise !
Sally : Hey Marty .
We 're trying to track down some information .
Somebody changed the DB schema during the 7.0 dev cycle to allow multiple companies to be associated with each person .
Were you the one who requested that feature ?
Marty : Yeah , that 's me .
I needed that tweak to close a deal .
Is there a problem ?
Joe : Yes !
That was a lot more than a " tweak " .
It may seem simple , but it involved hundreds of code changes , and all kinds of things got messed up !
Marty : Can I offer you a martini ?
Sally : Seriously , can you tell us why this change was necessary ?
Why would anybody need to keep track of multiple companies per individual ?
Marty :
One of my accounts is using our CRM product in selling to a network of consultants .
Those consultants have loose company affiliations .
One day they might be representing company XYZ , and the next day they 're working for company ABC .
The assumption of " one company per individual " just was n't flexible enough .
Sally :
Was it a good deal ?
I mean , was this worth the trouble ?
Marty : I think so .
The deal was quite lucrative , and it opened the door to half a dozen more like it , three of which I have already signed .
Look , I 'm sorry somebody screwed up this code change , but the business case behind it was solid .
Sally : Alright , fine .
Thanks for the info .
The Whole Team
The full story of every significant software development project includes many different people .
Most of them are not writing code .
Tracing an issue backward can mean more than finding the bug report that motivated a code change .
We may need to go back further , back to the spec .
We might need to go back even further , back to the market research or the sales engagement or the customer support ticket .
A truly comprehensive approach to traceability would archive , index and link everything :
Requirements
Version control
Issue tracking
Marketing research
Wiki
Email , discussions
Tests
Help desk tickets
etc
The challenge of an ALM tool is to support traceability across all stages of the software lifecycle .
The Mystery , Part 4
Joe and Sally head back to the airport to catch a flight back to the Twin Cities .
Sally :
So I guess this code change needs to stay .
But now we 've got another mystery .
This code change caused a bunch of problems .
Why were n't those problems found in testing ?
Joe : Let 's go back to that QA guy and ask him .
Returning to the main company headquarters , they find their way back to cubicle 61 - 842- A .
Phil : Whazzup ?
Sally :
We talked to the sales team and got some rationale for that PersonCompany Assoc table change .
Now we 're trying to figure out why the resulting problems were n't found during testing .
Phil :
Hey , do n't look at me .
I just do what I 'm told .
Joe : Whatever .
So the product supports multiple locations per company , right ?
Phil : Yeah , I guess so .
Joe :
Do you guys have any tests which verify behavior for that case ?
Phil : I do n't know .
Sally :
You do n't know ?
Why not ?
Phil : I just do n't .
The tests are n't really organized like that .
Joe :
Well how are they organized ?
Phil : By number .
Sally :
And what do the numbers mean ?
Phil :
Well , nothing .
Sally :
So is there any way to find which tests are designed to verify which features ?
Phil : Uh , well , no .
You could always open an individual test and read it to find out what it does .
Sally : Great .
So you 've got a bunch of tests and no way of linking them to anything ?
Phil : Exactly !
Sally : OK , I think we 're done here .
Forward Traceability
Traceability can do more than just help you figure out forgotten details of the past .
Sometimes we want to trace something " forward " through the software lifecycle , to see where it goes .
In this case , what we want is the following artifacts to be linked together :
Requirement :
The system must support multiple locations per company .
Test ( validity ) : Verify that the system can support multiple locations per company .
Test ( performance ) : Verify that in a situation with multiple locations per company , the dashboard load time remains approximately constant .
This kind of traceability is most helpful in finding things that are simply missing .
If the performance test above does not exist , our ALM tool should be able to help us notice that .
If a Requirement is dangling , with no links to anything , it was probably never implemented , and our ALM tool should be fussing about that .
Traceability : Connecting Everything Together
The ability to connect everything together is called traceability .
It allows us to look at the entire software development process , even though it involves
lots of different people
doing lots of different things
at lots of different times
in lots of different locations
for lots of different reasons .
In a good ALM system , every item is linked to all of the other items related to it .
Code changes are linked to bug reports .
Bug reports are linked to help desk items .
Tests are linked to requirements .
When it comes time to do detective work , just follow the links .
You can't get good traceability merely by having one tool for each lifecycle stage .
You can assemble all of your favorite tools , but if those tools do n't support outstanding integration with each other , you wo n't have traceability , so the result will not be ALM .
So is that all there is to ALM ?
Just traceability ?
No , ALM is more than that , but traceability is a critical ingredient .
To have ALM , you 've gotta have traceability .
Why to use a good ALM system
If CrummySoft had deployed an efficient ALM system with complete information , Sally and Joe could have solved this mystery in minutes , without the need to run all over the company and ask people questions .
Why not to use a good ALM system
If CrummySoft had deployed an efficient ALM system with complete information , Sally and Joe would not have gotten a free trip to Grand Cayman . :-)
WOBURN — Sitting on her mother ’s lap in Middlesex Superior Court yesterday , 2 - year - old Zoie Armstrong sang Itsy Bitsy Spider and Old MacDonald , oblivious that the man who shook her so badly she was left blind and paralyzed was sitting a mere 20 feet away .
“ It ’s a blessing that she was only 10 months old when this happened , ” said Geri Armstrong , Zoie ’s grandmother .
“ I do n’t think she ’ll remember this . ”
But Zoie will live with the blindness and paralysis for the remainder of her life .
In court yesterday , Middlesex Superior Court Judge Raymond Brassard sentenced Bertram Dean - Lopez , 30 , of Shirley , to a 10 - year state prison sentence , describing the harm done to baby Zoie as “ unthinkable . ”
Dean -Lopez was accused of shaking Zoie Armstrong so violently in a fit of rage that Zoie , 2 , is now legally blind and paralyzed on one side due to brain damage .
After a weeklong trial and more than two days of deliberations , a jury found Dean - Lopez , Jean Armstrong ’s former boyfriend , guilty of assault and battery on a child with substantial bodily injury ( brain damage ) .
The incident took place on Aug. 23 , 2006 , in an Ayer apartment where the couple then lived .
Dean - Lopez is not the baby ’s father .
Dean -Lopez was cleared of a lesser charge of assault and battery on a child causing injury ( a broken femur ) .
Attorney Robert Normandin , who represented Dean - Lopez , said he is “ surprised ” by the sentence , which exceeds the minimum five years listed under the sentencing guidelines .
While the prosecutor asked for a sentence of 14 to 15 years , noting the seriousness of Zoie ’s injuries and asking the judge to “ show no mercy , ” Normandin recommended a three - year state prison sentence .
He said he had glowing character references from people who said Dean - Lopez never exhibited any violent tendencies .
Normandin said Dean - Lopez , who had no prior criminal record , will appeal the conviction and sentence .
In his statement , read by Normandin , Dean - Lopez wrote , “ I am terribly sorry for all the pain and sorrow I caused baby Zoie and the Armstrong family .
Each day I live with the shame and I will never forgive myself . ”
Unmoved , Jean and Geri Armstrong said they are pleased with the sentence .
In her victim - impact statement , Jean Armstrong told the judge that on Aug. 23 , 2006 , “ I lost all my hopes and dreams for my daughter and watched her fight for her life . ”
Zoie was hospitalized for months .
At one point , the prognosis was so dire that doctors at UMass Medical Center told Jean Armstrong to say goodbye to her baby .
Zoie was baptized on her deathbed .
“ All I could do is pray and beg to God not to take my baby , ” Jean Armstrong said .
Her mother and other family members never left the baby ’s side .
Slowly , Zoie came out of her coma and began the grueling process of recovery .
Due to her broken femur , the baby was in a body cast , hooked up to tubes and wires .
She spent her first birthday in the hospital .
Zoie was brought home just before Christmas 2006 .
“ Our lives have been changed forever , ” said Jean Armstrong , who now lives with Zoie in Leominster .
“ Zoie ca n’t run with her friends .
She ca n’t see the world around her and she has next to nothing for freedom , ” she said .
Geri Armstrong told the judge that when she got the call that Zoie was in the hospital , “ I did n’t realize then that our lives would never be the same . ”
Because Dean - Lopez refused to admit he had injured the baby , even accidentally , the state Department of Social Services stepped in and prevented anyone from visiting Zoie until Dean - Lopez was arrested days later .
“ For five nights , Zoie was alone in ICU because Bert lied , ” Geri Armstrong said .
Normandin , speaking for Dean - Lopez , told the judge that his client is “ deeply , deeply remorseful . ”
“ He does love Zoie . ”
Ever wonder what it is that makes
The Edge 's guitar playing so special ?
In particular , how does he achieve his signature delay sound ?
Even before he started using a delay pedal , like on Boy , The Edge had a distinctive way of " lagging " his notes that did n't correspond to the natural linear rhythm of the song ( a good example is " Twilight " ) .
Another good example of where he hits these beautifully off - rhythm notes without a delay pedal is in " Like a Song " on War .
It 's almost like he 's finding gaps to fill , blank spots on the musical canvas , that do n't fall in the normal places you 'd normally look at 1/2 , 1/4 , 1/8 or 1/16 of the beat , analogous to the way he often hits harmonic notes that do n't fall on the traditional scale .
You can spend a lifetime analyzing pitch intervals ( and it is interesting to note that binary or base - 2 logarithms are often used to analyze pitch intervals , and the Western chromatic scale is based on 2 to the 12th power , or binary logarithmic , pitch intervals ) .
But what I 'm specifically talking about here is the temporal delay -- that off - beat , modulated , harmonic rhythm -- that The Edge uses in his guitar playing .
On War , The Edge started using delays ( generated through a delay or echo effects pedal ) that hinted at this signature rhythm .
If it was n't apparent by then , he hammered you over the head with them on the opening notes of Joshua Tree .
I remember where I was when I first heard Joshua Tree , driving with my brother on the Pasadena freeway on the way back from Tower Records .
When you first hear an album , it takes some getting used to to know if you 're " hooked " by the melody , and I remember listening to the opening chord progression and thinking it was overly simple .
But it was the rhythm of the guitar that just made your neck bristle .
The Edge had tapped into something that defied description .
As Lee Krasner tells Pollock ( in the movie anyway ) , he'd " blown it wide open . "
It 's hard to quantify how much I listened to that album , probably at least once a day through the late 80s and into the early 90s .
As a guitar player at the time , of course I was , like many others , wondering , how the hell does he do that ?
Back then there was no internet .
Guitar or music magazines would talk about his use of delay but never specifically what he did to get that sound .
Recently I tried searching around on the internet to see if anyone else had discovered what I had discovered back then , and while I found some interesting articles ( in particular this one by Tim Darling ) , nobody seems to have happened on the discovery that I made .
Darling does a thorough and at times technical analysis of the equipment and delay settings that The Edge uses to get his sound , his conclusion being that his delay is set at roughly 3/16 tempo , or for example on " Where The Streets Have No Name , " his pedal was set at 340 - 350 ms .
But this 345 ms setting is not relevant unless we talk about beats per minute .
Any guitar player that has fooled around with a delay pedal ( and preferably a drum machine or metronome at the same time ) , knows that that there is a certain point when you are cranking the setting that this " Edge " sound kicks in .
Of course there 's the obvious point where it matches the beat or half - beat .
For example , if The Edge was using delay on " I Will Follow " ( which I do n't think he is anywhere on Boy ) then it would be set like this , so the delay would coincide exactly with the next note , creating doubled up chords .
But if you keep cranking it ( tighter , so the notes get more bunched together ) , you get to a point where it just hits a groove .
It 's like riding a horse where you are trotting really fast and then suddenly the horse breaks into a gallop .
It 's a modulating rhythym that is self - sustaining , self - propagating .
There 's a tension there , like it 's offbeat , on the edge of being chaotic , but then it resolves itself with each beat .
But back to the question , what is this delay interval ?
Around the time of Joshua
Tree , not only was I fascinated by music , but also mathematics .
I was studying both , but opted for degrees in math , and then physics , thinking it was the more practical choice .
But also because the more I " studied " music , the more I did n't want to know what made it tick .
The natural thing to do when studying this interval , mathematically , was to find this ratio between the two rhythms ( the rhythm of the drum and the rhythm of the guitar ) .
Listening to the music , it 's easy to count the number of beats per minute , but counting the number of delayed notes ( the guitar rhythm ) per minute is difficult .
But if you have a digital delay and a drum machine , this can easily be quantified .
In fact , I had implemented this sound in my own music , some old songs of which you can find here .
In particular , on " Shadow to the Wind , " I am not even playing the rhythm guitar part , but had programmed it according to this " Edge " delay .
When I 'd count and take a ratio of ( beats per minute ) / ( delayed notes per minute ) , I 'd always get a number close to 0.36788 .
This is to say , there was roughly three delayed notes per beat , or as Tim Darling points out , it 's roughly 3/16 tempo ( though really I think he meant 6/16 time or 3/8 time , where 3/8 = 0.375 , which is a close approximation to 0.36788 ) .
But I was n't interested in rough approximations .
I wanted to know the significance of that number .
When you invert the number it is obvious .
( 1/0.3678794 ) = 2.7182821 or e , Euler 's number , probably the single most important number in mathematics that is used to explain a lot of natural phenomena such as exponential decay .
That is , if you divide the ( delayed notes per minute ) / ( beats per minute ) you get e!
Moreover , the function of the inverse of e , or 1/e , is what is referred to as a natural logarithm , that is used to explain all sorts of natural multiplicative phenomena .
This is what it would look like on a timescale if you plucked a note ( black dot ) followed by another note a half beat away .
The smaller gray notes following are the delayed notes .
The delayed note would come again right before ( 0.13212 of a beat ) before the next note .
A further study could probably be made on the various successive intervals generated between the notes and the significance of them .
But the important correlation is that the ratio of the beat interval to the delay interval is e .
If we go back to Tim Darling 's analysis , he says the secret setting for " Where The Streets Have No Name " is 340-350 ms .
I went back and counted the number of beats per minute in the song , and its actually like 64 beats per minute , so each beat is about 0.9375 seconds .
So now if we divide the beat interval of 0.9375 by this setting of 345 ms or 0.345 seconds , we get ( 0.9375 ) / ( 0.345 ) = 2.7173913 , which is pretty damn close to e ( 2.718281 ... ) , which explains why this particular setting works for this particular song .
So , more precisely , if you have a song that is exactly 60 beats per minutes , or a beat interval of exactly one second , then to get the " Edge " delay , you 'd set it to 367.88 ms .
For any other beat interval , all you have to do is divide by e to figure out what to set your delay on .
This is obviously nothing The Edge needs to " know " to play guitar like he does , at least not consciously , just like a sunflower or pine tree does n't need to " know " what a Fibonacci number or Golden Ratio is to generate the whorling patterns in it 's flowers and cones ( the subject of my math thesis ) .
And the question still remains as to " why e ? "
In the case of the plants , the golden ratio allows them to optimally space leaves on an axis for maximum sun exposure .
There is a physical reason .
But why the delay ratio of e sounds most appealing , still remains to be determined .
I am not sure I want to know .
( c ) 2007 Derek White
Chinese paramilitary officers will be arrested if they " laid a hand " on anybody during the Canberra leg of the Olympic torch relay , organisers say .
The officers ' only responsibility will be to re-light the torch if it is extinguished at any stage tomorrow week .
Chairman of the Canberra relay taskforce Ted Quinlan says the so - called torch attendants would have no responsibility for security .
Mrs Pelosi said the nomination race was hurting the Democrats ' chances Nancy Pelosi , the speaker of the US House of Representatives , has urged a swift end to the Democrats ' contest to nominate a presidential candidate .
Mrs Pelosi , a senior Democrat , told ABC News it was important to get behind one candidate if the party expected to win the White House in November .
A number of supporters of Barack Obama have been calling for his rival Hillary Clinton to concede the race .
Mrs Pelosi did not say which candidate she preferred .
' Financial trouble '
Her comments come after those made by the Democratic Party 's national chairman , Howard Dean , who said that he would like to see the race concluded by 1 July .
New York senator and former first lady Hillary Clinton has rejected calls by Obama supporters to abandon her campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination .
She is trailing the Illinois senator in the number of delegates needed to obtain the nomination .
DEMOCRATIC DELEGATE RACE BARACK OBAMA : 1,631 States won : 25
HILLARY CLINTON : 1,501 States won : 16
Delegates needed to secure nomination : 2,024 .
Source : Associated Press , as of 1 April
Send us your comments
But the latest opinion polls suggest that she is leading Mr Obama by more than 10 points in the next major primary election in Pennsylvania on 22 April .
Mr Obama has distanced himself from calls for Mrs Clinton to concede the race , saying she should be able to compete as long as she is able and has supporters .
It is being reported , however , that her campaign is in financial trouble again with several million dollars of unpaid bills .
Mrs Clinton loaned her campaign $ 5 m from her personal fortune ahead of the " Super Tuesday " primaries on 5 February .
Mr Obama currently leads by 1,631 delegates to the national party convention in August to Mrs Clinton 's 1,501 .
To secure the nomination , the winner must secure 2,024 delegates - which correspondents say neither candidate will be able to do on the basis of delegates won in the remaining primary elections alone .
If Mrs Clinton manages to win a larger share of the national popular vote , it is thought that she may secure the backing of the so - called super - delegates who could tip the balance .
Analysts say a bitter , drawn - out fight between the two contenders , going right up to the Democratic convention in August , could damage the eventual nominee 's chances of beating their Republican rival , John McCain .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
New Joker Poster - The Dark Knight
The Dark Knight is the highly anticipated sequel to the 2005 film by Chris Nolan , Batman Begins , set to be released July 18th , 2008 .
Acting in the movie are Christian Bale , Heath Ledger , Gary Oldman , and Maggie Gyllenhaal .
Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime .
With the help of Lieutenant Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent , Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the city streets .
The partnership proves to be effective , but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as The Joker .
CLICK HERE for Welcome to the World Without Rules Poster , additional photos and movie trailer .
Check out other posters below .
Another poster
Lady Godiva rides again ... and startles early risers in Hyde Park
An unexpected sight greeted a few startled early risers this morning as a group of young women rode almost naked on a white horse through Hyde Park recalling the legend of Lady Godiva .
The real Lady Godiva modesty was said to be preserved only by her long tresses when she rode naked through the streets of Coventry in protest against her husband 's harsh taxation of his people .
But these ladies were saved only by a nude - coloured high cut brief , as they trotted through the Royal park on their magnificent steeds .
Barebacked naked ladies : A group of women stripped off to ride semi-nude through Hyde Park to promote the release of film Lady Godiva on DVD
The ride was organised by the film director Vicky Jewson , who directed a modern retelling of the story recently .
Several naked ladies on horseback rode through Hyde Park for the DVD release of British romantic comedy Lady Godiva , and to raise money for Maggie 's Cancer Support Centre in Oxford .
Lady Godiva , a noblewoman during the reign of King Canute , is said to have ridden naked through Coventry in an attempt to stop her husband 's cruel treatment of the people of the city .
Actress Libby Jewson who plays
Penny in the film was one of the group who created the startling spectacle to promote the film about a schoolteacher who has to decide whether to recreate Lady Godiva 's infamous ride to win a £ 100,000 bet .
The unexpected sight certainly brought some colour to the city 's premier park .
Leading from the front : Libby Jewson who plays Penny in the film Lady Godiva
The film was the brainchild of 20 - year - old writer Vicky Jewson , and nods to quirky British hits like Notting Hill and Bridget Jones .
Lady Godiva tells the tale of a young woman driven to desperate measures to raise money for a worthy cause , with a few romantic disasters and triumphs along the way .
" Lady Godiva was a great tale to adapt .
It 's a tale that 's never been told before , a kind of undiscovered Robin Hood , the story of one woman 's triumph over adversity , " said Ms Jewson .
Ms Jewson started to write her Lady Godiva script straight after her A - levels and decided to ditch plans for university in order to concentrate on film - making .
Various romantic disappointments follow , including Jemima 's humiliation on national TV a la Bridget Jones , before she discovers that Michael has made a £ 100,000 bet that she will not ride naked through Oxford .
Horsin ' around :
The naked ladies cause a bit of a stir in London 's Hyde Park
Last updated at 19:30 16 May 2008
It 's five years since the highly sexed Russian teenagers t. A.T.u. shocked their way to the top of the UK charts and now the slightly more mature duo ( at least in terms of age ) are planning a rerun .
The girls can't pretend to be girlfriends any more - younger member Yulia Volkova had a baby in December - but they know how to turn on the sauce .
Scroll down for more
Older and wiser : Lena Katina and Yulia Volkova in Cannes and in 2003 pretending to be schoolgirl lesbians
The video for their latest single goes far further than any of their lipstick lesbian antics , and features them seductively stripping off her underwear and in the shower .
In one scene in Beliy Plaschik , Lena Katina lies totally naked on a bed , save for a studded punk bracelet on her wrist .
The pair were in Cannes yesterday to promote their new album , Waste Management , which features the single and also provides the soundtrack for the new Mischa Barton movie , You And I , which premieres at the Riviera resort 's film festival .
Scroll down for more
Lena , left , and Yulia , with their clothes on at the start of the video
The Roland Joffe directed affair sees the 21 - year - old former The O.C. star playing one of two teenage girls who fall in love after they meet on the t.A.T.u. fansite and then at a concert in Moscow .
The plotline describes how they " are swept into a dangerous world of obsession , drug abuse and murder " .
Lena and Yulia , not surprisingly , play themselves in the film , which is set in Moscow and LA .
The band were formed in 1999 by a Moscow mogul but it was n't until 2003 Lena and Yulia , now 23 , hit on the formula that won them international fame and took them to the top of the UK charts with All The Things She Said .
Scroll down for more
A scantily - clad Lena lies on a bed in the controversial video for Beliy Plaschik
The song went platinum in several countries , but not much has been heard from them since , apart from a third place in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2003 .
They did find time to admit that dressing in Catholic school girls ' uniforms and kissing each other at any given opportunity was just part of their act , and also appeared with real machine guns during their slot at the World Music Awards in 2006 .
They looked almost demure by comparison as they posed in Cannes today , but controversy never follows fare behind the pair and when You And I is released in August , expect them to storm the charts once more .
This is yet another adaptation of the infamous de facto standard 500 question purity test and the newer 200 and 1000 questions tests .
This site was created mainly as an exercise in web development and is not much different than other versions on the web , except that those other sites , for the most part , suck , or are collecting demographic information about you , or are doing some other thing that is similarly not very nice .
On the other hand , this version does not attempt to exploit and profit from you , and has the advantage of Running Purity Total Technology ™ , which shows the test taker 's ever - descending score after each section of the test is completed .
New Feature : Statistics !
Complete Complete score distribution as well as scores divided by colleges countries , and US , UK , Canada , and Australia regions The Industry - Standard , Tried - And - True 500 Question Test
CLICK HERE TO BEGIN THE TEST The Quickie 200 Question Test
CLICK HERE TO BEGIN THE TEST The Exhaustive 1000 Question Test
CLICK HERE TO BEGIN THE TEST
This test and related materials are adult - oriented in nature , though probably not nearly as damaging as the graphic violence that can be found on broadcast television ( at least here in the U.S. where this site is based ) .
Your mileage may vary ; viewer discretion is advised .
If you are feeling particularly brave , go ahead and begin the test .
If you 're still not sure what the hell this whole thing is about , or if you need a refresher course on taking the purity test , scroll down and read the Instructions For Use and Definitions .
You may view the original , unedited text of this test here .
After taking the test , tell me what you think , or post your score for all to see , on the message board .
In case you 're wondering about things like privacy and whether or not I 'm going to keep a copy of your scores and sell them back to your spouse , boss , parents , etc. , you should know the following : the only information transmitted back to the server that hosts these pages is the total number of yes answers and no answers , and the final total score ( if you choose to submit it ) .
Individual yes 's and no's that could be associated with specific questions are not transmitted anywhere .
Instructions For Use
This is a fairly long test consisting of two hundred , five hundred , or one thousand questions .
It starts out tame and gets progressively worse ( or better , depending on your viewpoint ) .
There are many ways of going about taking this test .
You can , of course , as your right , guaranteed by the Constitution , be anti-social and sequester yourself in your room and take this test all by yourself ; however , we feel that the funnest way to utilize this test is to hold a Purity Test Party .
All you need is one copy of the test , and a bunch of friends .
( Lots of writing implements and paper would be useful too . )
The person with the copy of the test is the test administrator ; [s ] he reads the questions aloud and everybody else writes down their answers .
We have no definite rules as to whether the participants are required to divulge their answers ; that is up to the group to decide .
However , each person 's purity score should be made common knowledge .
( The person with the highest score gets to be giggled at for the rest of his / her life . )
This works great at parties and lets everybody know who 's easy and who is n't , so you 'll know who to go home with .
Do n't leave home without it .
Definitions
All questions in this test pertain to events that have happened to you subsequent to your weaning and babyhood / infancy .
Anything that may have happened before that time is considered not standing and void .
The term mutual masturbation refers to someone masturbating you AND / OR you masturbating someone else , not exclusively both at the same time .
We would also like to define having sex in the homosexual case .
Homosexual sex has occurred when both partners are of the same sex and one of the partners has an orgasm while there is some contact between the genitals of both partners .
We would now like to bring to your attention that there is no passing nor failing score .
Therefore , one really should n't worry too much about getting a high score ... even if you do get giggled at for the rest of your life .
ALL TECHNICALITIES COUNT .
Disclaimer Of Liability
The user of this test acknowledges that sex is a hazardous sport ; that a person must copulate in control , and use good judgement at all times ; that partners ' conditions vary constantly and are greatly affected by weather changes and previous use ; and that dirty sheets , variations in terrain and bed surfaces , spouses / pimps / managers , forest growth , rocks and debris , clothed obstacles , and many other natural and man-made obstacles and hazards , including other users and customers , exist throughout the bedroom area .
Personal managers ( pimps / spouses ) and sado - masochistic operations and equipment are constantly in use and may be hazardous to those not copulating in control .
Impotence , collisions , and social diseases resulting in injury can happen at any time , even to those copulating in control with proper sexual equipment .
Inherent risks are part of the sport and may exist within your partner .
As a condition of being permitted to use the facilities of your partner , the user of this test agrees to copulate in control and within the limits of his / her ability , and further acknowledges and accepts these hazards , dangers , and risks and assumes the risk of injury or loss to person or damage to property which might result from use of the partner 's facilities .
As a further condition of being permitted to use the facilities of your partner , the customer understands and agrees that :
In the event of a transfer of use by another or anything else in the management 's opinion is misconduct , misuse , kinky , impotence , or nuisance , this service may be revoked without refund .
The partner is the property of the harem and , upon request , [s ] he must be presented to any authorized representative of the pimp / spouse .
Sexual equipment must be visibly displayed at all times when you are in any bedroom and when approaching the bed to copulate .
Your sexual partner is not transferable ; see Theft of Services , V.S.A. , sections 2581 and 2582 .
Seven test - takers
online right now !
721,874 completed
tests to date !
Average score :
64.07 % More Statistics Recent Perverts Anonymous 25 %
This is bound to change soon 80.8 % Haha nice 69.9 % " try everything once " 23 % Ace Mace 89 % 60 %< Is scary 88.6 % Anonymous 57.2 % Am ace 99.1 % Aro / Ace 82.7 % Ari 96.8 %
Ais 94 % Anonymous 90.2 % i should go out more 96 % get Jesus plz 76.6 % Anonymous 86.8 % Anonymous 8.2 % Anonymous 41.8 % Anonymous 65.2 % Kris 76.6 % Anonymous 93.4 % H O W I S T H E R E S O M E O N E W I T H 16 % W H A T I S W R O N G W I T H Y O U 58.2 % Anonymous 68.4 % Anonymous 47 % Anonymous 96 % aroace 94.8 % Berry 40.6 % Anonymous 52 % Bucket List 54 % Hmm ... 79.4 % Anonymous 75.2 % I thought I was pretty vanilla !
55.4 % Anonymous 57.6 % Anonymouse 64.2 % A S H H H 69.6 % Quiet acceptable 60.8 % asexual / arom antic 20 years old lol 79 % Again 98 % Oof 33.4 % I love demonic stuff , how am I this pure ?????
89.2 % strange world out there 90.6 % Anonymous Ace 98 % Hitler Did Nothing Wrong 33.6 % join r/cornellr4r 67.5 % sub to domestic tranquility 86.5 % nasty 16 %
Bush ' kills ' Freedom of Information
Act compliance officer RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday February 6 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Buried on page A17 of Wednesday 's Washington Post is a bit of a non-surprise : President George W. Bush has effectively killed a position monitoring compliance with government efforts to release documents .
Late last year , Washington watchdogs won over a reluctant President Bush , who agreed to sign a law enforcing better compliance with the Freedom of Information Act .
" But in his budget request this week , " the Post 's Elizabeth Williamson writes , " Bush proposed shifting a newly created ombudsman 's position from the National Archives and Records Administration to the Department of Justice .
Because the ombudsman would be the chief monitor of compliance with the new law , that move is akin to killing the critical function , some members of Congress and watchdog groups say . "
" Justice represents the agencies when they 're sued over FOIA . . .
It does n't make a lot of sense for them to be the mediator , " staff lawyer for the National Security Archive Kristin Adair told the Post .
The group has filed suit against the White House to force it to preserve e-mails relating to Iraq and the outing of CIA officer Valerie Plame Bush 's spokesman says may have been lost .
Also bemoaning the revelation was Senate Democratic Judiciary Chairman Pat Leahy ( D - VT ) .
" Once again , the White House has shown they intend to act contrary to the intent of Congress , " Leahy told Williamson in a statement .
" I will continue to work through the appropriations process to make sure that the National Archives and Records Administration has the necessary resources and funds to comply with the OPEN Government Act , and we will continue to work in Congress to make necessary reforms to the Freedom of Information Act . "
The White House said , through a spokesman , that " only the Department of Justice , as the government 's lead on FOIA issues and mediation in legal matters , is properly situated and empowered to mediate issues between requestors and the federal government . "
The law Bush signed last year -- the Open Government Act of 2007 -- requires that government agencies released information Americans request within 20 days of face fines .
Bush inked the law New Year 's Eve .
The ombudsman 's office would hear disputes over unmet requests and monitor the agencies facing examinations .
Under the planned deployment , the ombudsman was to be part of the National Archives , where most documents eventually end up and are usually sent out from .
The Bush Administration is already under pressure from Congress for its alleged politicization of the Justice Department .
Nine US
Attorneys were fired for what Democrats say were " political " reasons ; the White House has refused to allow aides to testify to Congressional committees about what they know .
Another thing I never write about but am very interested in is static analysis .
For the non-geeks amongst my readers , static analysis is all about looking at code to see what you can figure out about it .
For example , you might try to find input values that cause a buffer overflow .
Or you might check to see that strings are correctly escaped before being posted to a Web page ( that is , the bug that is at the heart of cross - site scripting has been avoided ) .
Of course static analysis is usually done by programs , perhaps with the assistance of the programmer , rather than by people , so I am always on the look out for new approaches and new software .
Unfortunately , as in many areas of academia , the gap between theory and practice is rather large so I do not find myself exactly overwhelmed with choice .
So far the only thing that I ’ve been even a little happy with is Coverity .
This still gets it wrong about half the time , but that ’s a pretty tolerable ratio given how painful a manual audit would be .
In contrast , some of the other tools I have tried over the years have false positive rates well over 99.9 % .
Most of them just plain do n’t work .
Pretty much all of them are not supported .
And those that are , like Coverity , cost a fortune .
If I was not a convert to the cause of static analysis , I would despair .
As it is , I do occasionally feel tempted to sit down for a year or two and tackle the problem myself but sanity soon prevails and I put that idea off for another decade .
So , I was happy to come across Deputy recently , after an animated thread or two on the Robust Open Source mailing list ( which I am shocked to discover I have been on since it started , way back in 1998 – archives here and here ) .
Deputy attempts to provide type safety in C programmes .
This is , of course , impossible … but it has a good attempt at it .
Although ordinary programmers might not think so , to the academic type safety means enforcing things like array lengths , so our favourite C security problem , the buffer overflow , would be a thing of the past if we had typesafe programs .
Anyone who had read the code I wrote for safe stacks in OpenSSL or the module API in Apache 2.0 will know that I am a big fan of type safety in C .
Both of these try to ensure that if you get confused about what type you should be using , you will get a compile - time failure .
Unfortunately C provides the programmer with a plethora of ways to both deliberately and accidentally avoid any safety nets you might put out for him .
The idea behind Deputy is to make it possible to do the type checking rather more rigorously .
In order to allow this , you have to provide deputy with extra clues .
The syntax is a little idiosyncratic , but generally the annotation is quite straightforward , for example
void * ( DALLOC ( n ) malloc ) ( size_t n ) ;
would tell it that malloc is a memory allocator that returns n bytes of memory .
Deputy catches many errors at compile time , but those it ca n’t it will attempt to catch at runtime instead , by injecting extra code to make sure pointers stay within bounds , for example .
I have n’t got that far , though , because my benchmark for these projects is to use them on something real , like OpenSSL .
I am pleased to report , though , that Deputy has so far built several OpenSSL source files without driving me completely crazy .
But more on that later .
In the course of using Deputy I have been reminded of two things worth mentioning in passing .
One is a trick we use in OpenSSL to do type checking .
If you want to ensure that something is of type T , then you can write this
( 1 ? x : ( T)0 )
weird , huh ?
How it works is that both sides of a ? : operator must have the same type , so if x is not of type T , then you will get a compile - time error .
Very handy in macros , especially where you are abusing types heavily – for example when you are implementing a generic stack , but you wan to ensure that any particular stack consists only of one type of object ( see safestack.h in OpenSSL for an example ) .
The other is delta .
Delta is a very cute tool that cuts down a file with an “ interesting ” feature to a smaller one with the same feature .
For example , suppose ( as happened to me ) I have an error that I ca n’t reproduce in a small example .
Now what ?
Delta to the rescue .
Today I had a problem with Deputy wanting me to add extra annotation that seems unnecessary .
Small examples of essentially the same code did not show the same issue .
What do do ?
Delta reduced the original offending source from 2424 lines to just 18 that produce the same bug .
And it did it in about 5 minutes .
For interest , here are the 18 lines
typedef unsigned int __uint32_t ;
typedef __uint32_t __size_t ;
typedef __size_t size_t ;
void * malloc( size_t ) ;
void * memcpy ( void * , const void * , size_t ) ;
# 77 " mem. c "
static void * ( DALLOC ( n ) * malloc_func ) ( size_t n ) = malloc ;
static void * default_malloc_ex ( size_t num , const char * file , int line ) {
return malloc_func( num ) ;
}
static void *(* malloc_ex_func ) ( size_t , const char * file , int line ) = default_malloc_ex ;
void * CRYPTO_realloc_clean( void * str , int old_len , int num , const char * file , int line ) {
void * ret = ( ( void *) 0 ) ;
ret=malloc_ex_func(num , file , line ) ;
if ( ret ) {
memcpy ( ret , str,old_len ) ;
}
}
Funnily enough delta was created to assist in debugging another static analysis system , Oink .
So far , I ’ve never used it for anything else .
The winter sun sets in mid-afternoon in Kolobrzeg , Poland , but the early twilight does not deter people from taking their regular outdoor promenade .
Bundled up in parkas with fur - trimmed hoods , strolling hand in mittened hand along the edge of the Baltic Sea , off - season tourists from Germany stop openmouthed when they see a tall , well - built , nearly naked man running up and down the sand .
" Kalt ? Kalt ? " one of them calls out .
The man gives a polite but vague answer , then turns and dives into the waves .
After swimming back and forth in the 40 - degree water for a few minutes , he emerges from the surf and jogs briefly along the shore .
The wind is strong , but the man makes no move to get dressed .
Passersby continue to comment and stare .
" This is one of the reasons I prefer anonymity , " he tells me in English .
" You do something even slightly out of the ordinary and it causes a sensation . "
Piotr Wozniak 's quest for anonymity has been successful .
Nobody along this string of little beach resorts recognizes him as the inventor of a technique to turn people into geniuses .
A portion of this technique , embodied in a software program called SuperMemo , has enthusiastic users around the world .
They apply it mainly to learning languages , and it 's popular among people for whom fluency is a necessity — students from Poland or other poor countries aiming to score well enough on English - language exams to study abroad .
A substantial number of them do not pay for it , and pirated copies are ubiquitous on software bulletin boards in China , where it competes with knockoffs like SugarMemo .
SuperMemo is based on the insight that there is an ideal moment to practice what you 've learned .
Practice too soon and you waste your time .
Practice too late and you 've forgotten the material and have to relearn it .
The right time to practice is just at the moment you 're about to forget .
Unfortunately , this moment is different for every person and each bit of information .
Imagine a pile of thousands of flash cards .
Somewhere in this pile are the ones you should be practicing right now .
Which are they ?
Fortunately , human forgetting follows a pattern .
We forget exponentially .
A graph of our likelihood of getting the correct answer on a quiz sweeps quickly downward over time and then levels off .
This pattern has long been known to cognitive psychology , but it has been difficult to put to practical use .
It 's too complex for us to employ with our naked brains .
Twenty years ago , Wozniak realized that computers could easily calculate the moment of forgetting if he could discover the right algorithm .
SuperMemo is the result of his research .
It predicts the future state of a person 's memory and schedules information reviews at the optimal time .
The effect is striking .
Users can seal huge quantities of vocabulary into their brains .
But for Wozniak , 46 , helping people learn a foreign language fast is just the tiniest part of his goal .
As we plan the days , weeks , even years of our lives , he would have us rely not merely on our traditional sources of self - knowledge — introspection , intuition , and conscious thought — but also on something new : predictions about ourselves encoded in machines .
Given the chance to observe our behaviors , computers can run simulations , modeling different versions of our path through the world .
By tuning these models for top performance , computers will give us rules to live by .
They will be able to tell us when to wake , sleep , learn , and exercise ; they will cue us to remember what we 've read , help us track whom we 've met , and remind us of our goals .
Computers , in Wozniak 's scheme , will increase our intellectual capacity and enhance our rational self - control .
The reason the inventor of SuperMemo pursues extreme anonymity , asking me to conceal his exact location and shunning even casual recognition by users of his software , is not because he 's paranoid or a misanthrope but because he wants to avoid random interruptions to a long - running experiment he 's conducting on himself .
Wozniak is a kind of algorithmic man .
He 's exploring what it 's like to live in strict obedience to reason .
On first encounter , he appears to be one of the happiest people I 've ever met .
In the late 1800s , a German scientist named Hermann Ebbinghaus made up lists of nonsense syllables and measured how long it took to forget and then relearn them .
( Here is an example of the type of list he used : bes dek fel gup huf jeik mek meun pon daus dor gim ke4k be4p bCn hes . )
In experiments of breathtaking rigor and tedium , Ebbinghaus practiced and recited from memory 2.5 nonsense syllables a second , then rested for a bit and started again .
Maintaining a pace of rote mental athleticism that all students of foreign verb conjugation will regard with awe , Ebbinghaus trained this way for more than a year .
Then , to show that the results he was getting were n't an accident , he repeated the entire set of experiments three years later .
Finally , in 1885 , he published a monograph called Memory : A Contribution to Experimental Psychology .
The book became the founding classic of a new discipline .
Ebbinghaus discovered many lawlike regularities of mental life .
He was the first to draw a learning curve .
Among his original observations was an account of a strange phenomenon that would drive his successors half batty for the next century : the spacing effect .
Ebbinghaus showed that it 's possible to dramatically improve learning by correctly spacing practice sessions .
On one level , this finding is trivial ; all students have been warned not to cram .
But the efficiencies created by precise spacing are so large , and the improvement in performance so predictable , that from nearly the moment Ebbinghaus described the spacing effect , psychologists have been urging educators to use it to accelerate human progress .
After all , there is a tremendous amount of material we might want to know .
Time is short .
How Supermemo Works
SuperMemo is a program that keeps track of discrete bits of information you 've learned and want to retain .
For example , say you 're studying Spanish .
Your chance of recalling a given word when you need it declines over time according to a predictable pattern .
SuperMemo tracks this so - called forgetting curve and reminds you to rehearse your knowledge when your chance of recalling it has dropped to , say , 90 percent .
When you first learn a new vocabulary word , your chance of recalling it will drop quickly .
But after SuperMemo reminds you of the word , the rate of forgetting levels out .
The program tracks this new decline and waits longer to quiz you the next time .
However , this technique never caught on .
The spacing effect is " one of the most remarkable phenomena to emerge from laboratory research on learning , " the psychologist Frank Dempster wrote in 1988 , at the beginning of a typically sad encomium published in American Psychologist under the title " The Spacing Effect : A Case Study in the Failure to Apply the Results of Psychological Research . "
The sorrrowful tone is not hard to understand .
How would computer scientists feel if people continued to use slide rules for engineering calculations ?
What if , centuries after the invention of spectacles , people still dealt with nearsightedness by holding things closer to their eyes ?
Psychologists who studied the spacing effect thought they possessed a solution to a problem that had frustrated humankind since before written language : how to remember what 's been learned .
But instead , the spacing effect became a reminder of the impotence of laboratory psychology .
As a student at the Poznan University of Technology in western Poland in the 1980s , Wozniak was overwhelmed by the sheer number of things he was expected to learn .
But that was n't his most troubling problem .
He was n't just trying to pass his exams ; he was trying to learn .
He could n't help noticing that within a few months of completing a class , only a fraction of the knowledge he had so painfully acquired remained in his mind .
Wozniak knew nothing of the spacing effect , but he knew that the methods at hand did n't work .
The most important challenge was English .
Wozniak refused to be satisfied with the broken , half - learned English that so many otherwise smart students were stuck with .
So he created an analog database , with each entry consisting of a question and answer on a piece of paper .
Every time he reviewed a word , phrase , or fact , he meticulously noted the date and marked whether he had forgotten it .
At the end of the session , he tallied the number of remembered and forgotten items .
By 1984 , a century after Ebbinghaus finished his second series of experiments on nonsense syllables , Wozniak 's database contained 3,000 English words and phrases and 1,400 facts culled from biology , each with a complete repetition history .
He was now prepared to ask himself an important question :
How long would it take him to master the things he wanted to know ?
The answer : too long .
In fact , the answer was worse than too long .
According to Wozniak 's first calculations , success was impossible .
The problem was n't learning the material ; it was retaining it .
He found that 40 percent of his English vocabulary vanished over time .
Sixty percent of his biology answers evaporated .
Using some simple calculations , he figured out that with his normal method of study , it would require two hours of practice every day to learn and retain a modest English vocabulary of 15,000 words .
For 30,000 words , Wozniak would need twice that time .
This was impractical .
Wozniak 's discouraging numbers were roughly consistent with the results that Ebbinghaus had recorded in his own experiments and that have been confirmed by other psychologists in the decades since .
If students nonetheless manage to become expert in a few of the things they study , it 's not because they retain the material from their lessons but because they specialize in a relatively narrow subfield where intense practice keeps their memory fresh .
When it comes to language , the received wisdom is that immersion — usually amounting to actual immigration — is necessary to achieve fluency .
On one hand , this is helpful advice .
On the other hand , it 's an awful commentary on the value of countless classroom hours .
Learning things is easy .
But remembering them — this is where a certain hopelessness sets in .
As Wozniak later wrote in describing the failure of his early learning system : " The process of increasing the size of my databases gradually progressed at the cost of knowledge retention . "
In other words , as his list grew , so did his forgetting .
He was climbing a mountain of loose gravel and making less and less progress at each step .
Photo : Patrick VoigtThe problem of forgetting might not torment us so much if we could only convince ourselves that remembering is n't important .
Perhaps the things we learn — words , dates , formulas , historical and biographical details — do n't really matter .
Facts can be looked up .
That 's what the Internet is for .
When it comes to learning , what really matters is how things fit together .
We master the stories , the schemas , the frameworks , the paradigms ; we rehearse the lingo ; we swim in the episteme .
The disadvantage of this comforting notion is that it 's false .
" The people who criticize memorization — how happy would they be to spell out every letter of every word they read ? " asks Robert Bjork , chair of UCLA 's psychology department and one of the most eminent memory researchers .
After all , Bjork notes , children learn to read whole words through intense practice , and every time we enter a new field we become children again .
" You ca n't escape memorization , " he says .
" There is an initial process of learning the names of things .
That 's a stage we all go through .
It 's all the more important to go through it rapidly . "
The human brain is a marvel of associative processing , but in order to make associations , data must be loaded into memory .
Once we drop the excuse that memorization is pointless , we 're left with an interesting mystery .
Much of the information does remain in our memory , though we can not recall it .
" To this day , " Bjork says , " most people think about forgetting as decay , that memories are like footprints in the sand that gradually fade away .
But that has been disproved by a lot of research .
The memory appears to be gone because you can't recall it , but we can prove that it 's still there .
For instance , you can still recognize a ' forgotten ' item in a group .
Yes , without continued use , things become inaccessible .
But they are not gone . "
After an ichthyologist named David Starr Jordan became the first president of Stanford University in the 1890s , he bequeathed to memory researchers one of their favorite truisms :
Every time he learned the name of a student , Jordan is said to have complained , he forgot the name of a fish .
But the fish to which Jordan had devoted his research life were still there , somewhere beneath the surface of consciousness .
The difficulty was in catching them .
During the years that Wozniak struggled to master English , Bjork and his collaborator , Elizabeth Bjork ( she is also a professor of psychology ; the two have been married since 1969 ) , were at work on a new theory of forgetting .
Both were steeped in the history of laboratory research on memory , and one of their goals was to get to the bottom of the spacing effect .
They were also curious about the paradoxical tendency of older memories to become stronger with the passage of time , while more recent memories faded .
Their explanation involved an elegant model with deeply counterintuitive implications .
Long - term memory , the Bjorks said , can be characterized by two components , which they named retrieval strength and storage strength .
Retrieval strength measures how likely you are to recall something right now , how close it is to the surface of your mind .
Storage strength measures how deeply the memory is rooted .
Some memories may have high storage strength but low retrieval strength .
Take an old address or phone number .
Try to think of it ; you may feel that it 's gone .
But a single reminder could be enough to restore it for months or years .
Conversely , some memories have high retrieval strength but low storage strength .
Perhaps you 've recently been told the names of the children of a new acquaintance .
At this moment they may be easily accessible , but they are likely to be utterly forgotten in a few days , and a single repetition a month from now wo n't do much to strengthen them at all .
The Bjorks were not the first psychologists to make this distinction , but they and a series of collaborators used a broad range of experimental data to show how these laws of memory wreak havoc on students and teachers .
One of the problems is that the amount of storage strength you gain from practice is inversely correlated with the current retrieval strength .
In other words , the harder you have to work to get the right answer , the more the answer is sealed in memory .
Precisely those things that seem to signal we 're learning well — easy performance on drills , fluency during a lesson , even the subjective feeling that we know something — are misleading when it comes to predicting whether we will remember it in the future .
" The most motivated and innovative teachers , to the extent they take current performance as their guide , are going to do the wrong things , " Robert Bjork says .
" It 's almost sinister . "
The most popular learning systems sold today — for instance , foreign language software like Rosetta Stone — cheerfully defy every one of the psychologists ' warnings .
With its constant feedback and easily accessible clues , Rosetta Stone brilliantly creates a sensation of progress .
" Go to Amazon and look at the reviews , " says Greg Keim , Rosetta Stone 's CTO , when I ask him what evidence he has that people are really remembering what they learn .
" That is as objective as you can get in terms of a user 's sense of achievement . "
The sole problem here , from the psychologists ' perspective , is that the user 's sense of achievement is exactly what we should most distrust .
The battle between lab - tested techniques and conventional pedagogy went on for decades , and it's fair to say that the psychologists lost .
All those studies of human memory in the lab — using nonsense syllables , random numbers , pictures , maps , foreign vocabulary , scattered dots — had so little influence on actual practice that eventually their irrelevance provoked a revolt .
In the late ' 70s , Ulric Neisser , the pioneering researcher who coined the term cognitive psychology , launched a broad attack on the approach of Ebbinghaus and his scientific kin .
" We have established firm empirical generalizations , but most of them are so obvious that every 10 - year - old knows them anyway , " Neisser complained .
" We have an intellectually impressive group of theories , but history offers little confidence that they will provide any meaningful insight into natural behavior . "
Neisser encouraged psychologists to leave their labs and study memory in its natural environment , in the style of ecologists .
He did n't doubt that the laboratory theories were correct in their limited way , but he wanted results that had power to change the world .
Many psychologists followed Neisser .
But others stuck to their laboratory methods .
The spacing effect was one of the proudest lab - derived discoveries , and it was interesting precisely because it was not obvious , even to professional teachers .
The same year that Neisser revolted , Robert Bjork , working with Thomas Landauer of Bell Labs , published the results of two experiments involving nearly 700 undergraduate students .
Landauer and Bjork were looking for the optimal moment to rehearse something so that it would later be remembered .
Their results were impressive :
The best time to study something is at the moment you are about to forget it .
And yet — as Neisser might have predicted — that insight was useless in the real world .
Determining the precise moment of forgetting is essentially impossible in day - to - day life .
Obviously , computers were the answer , and the idea of using them was occasionally suggested , starting in the 1960s .
But except for experimental software , nothing was built .
The psychologists were interested mainly in theories and models .
The teachers were interested in immediate signs of success .
The students were cramming to pass their exams .
The payoff for genuine progress was somehow too abstract , too delayed , to feed back into the system in a useful way .
What was needed was not an academic psychologist but a tinkerer , somebody with a lot of time on his hands , a talent for mathematics , and a strangely literal temperament that made him think he should actually recall the things he learned .
The day I first meet Wozniak , we go for a 7 - mile walk down a windy beach .
I 'm in my business clothes and half comatose from jet lag ; he 's wearing a track suit and comes toward me with a gait so buoyant he seems about to take to the air .
He asks me to walk on the side away from the water .
" People say that when I get excited I tend to drift in their direction , so it is better that I stand closer to the sea so I do n't push you in , " he says .
Wozniak takes an almost physical pleasure in reason .
He loves to discuss things with people , to get insight into their personalities , and to give them advice — especially in English .
One of his most heartfelt wishes is that the world have one language and one currency so this could all be handled more efficiently .
He 's appalled that Poland is still not in the Eurozone .
He 's baffled that Americans do not use the metric system .
For two years he kept a diary in Esperanto .
Although Esperanto was the ideal expression of his universalist dreams , English is the leading real - world implementation .
Though he has never set foot in an English - speaking country , he speaks the language fluently .
" Two words that used to give me trouble are perspicuous and perspicacious , " he confessed as we drank beer with raspberry syrup at a tiny beachside restaurant where we were the only customers .
" Then I found a mnemonic to enter in SuperMemo : clear / clever .
Now I never misuse them . "
Wozniak 's command of English is the result of a series of heroic experiments , in the tradition of Ebbinghaus .
They involved relentless sessions of careful self - analysis , tracked over years .
He began with the basic conundrum of too much to study in too little time .
His first solution was based on folk wisdom .
" It is a common intuition , " Wozniak later wrote , " that with successive repetitions , knowledge should gradually become more durable and require less frequent review . "
This insight had already been proven by Landauer and Bjork , but Wozniak was unaware of their theory of forgetting or of any of the landmark studies in laboratory research on memory .
This ignorance was probably a blessing , because it forced him to rely on pragmatic engineering .
In 1985 , he divided his database into three equal sets and created schedules for studying each of them .
One of the sets he studied every five days , another every 18 days , and the third at expanding intervals , increasing the period between study sessions each time he got the answers right .
This experiment proved that Wozniak 's first hunch was too simple .
On none of the tests did his recall show significant improvement over the naive methods of study he normally used .
But he was not discouraged and continued making ever more elaborate investigations of study intervals , changing the second interval to two days , then four days , then six days , and so on .
Then he changed the third interval , then the fourth , and continued to test and measure , measure and test , for nearly a decade .
His conviction that forgetting could be tamed by following rules gave him the intellectual fortitude to continue searching for those rules .
He doggedly traced a matrix of paths , like a man pacing off steps in a forest where he is lost .
All of his early work was done on paper .
In the computer science department at the Poznan University of Technology , " we had a single mainframe of Polish - Russian design , with punch cards , " Wozniak recalls .
" If you could stand in line long enough to get your cards punched , you could wait a couple of days more for the machine to run your cards , and then at last you got a printout , which was your output . "
The personal computer revolution was already pretty far along in the US by the time Wozniak managed to get his hands on an Amstrad PC 1512 , imported through quasi-legal means from Hamburg , Germany .
With this he was able to make another major advance in SuperMemo — computing the difficulty of any fact or study item and adjusting the unique shape of the predicted forgetting curve for every item and user .
A friend of Wozniak 's adapted his software to run on Atari machines , and as access to personal computers finally spread among students , so did SuperMemo .
After the collapse of Polish communism , Wozniak and some fellow students formed a company , SuperMemo World .
By 1995 , their program was one of the most successful applications developed by the country 's fledgling software industry , and they were searching for funding that would allow them to relocate to Silicon Valley .
That year , at Comdex in Las Vegas , 200,000 people got a look at Sony 's new DVD technology , prototypes of flatscreens , and Wozniak 's SuperMemo , which became the first Polish product shown at the great geek carnival , then at the height of its influence .
In Europe , the old communist experiment in human optimization had run its course .
Wozniak believed that in a world of open competition , where individuals are rewarded on merit , a scientific tool that accelerated learning would find customers everywhere .
Wozniak 's chief partner in the campaign to reprogram the world 's approach to learning through SuperMemo was Krzysztof Biedalak , who had been his classmate at the University of Technology .
The two men used to run 6 miles to a nearby lake for an icy swim .
Biedalak agrees with Wozniak that winter swimming is good for mental health .
Biedalak also agrees with Wozniak that SuperMemo produces extreme learning .
But Biedalak does not agree with Wozniak about everything .
" I do n't apply his whole technique , " he says .
" In my context , his technique is inapplicable . "
What Biedalak means by Wozniak 's technique is the extension of algorithmic optimization to all dimensions of life .
Biedalak is CEO of SuperMemo World , which sells and licenses Wozniak 's invention .
Today , SuperMemo World employs just 25 people .
The venture capital never came through , and the company never moved to California .
About 50,000 copies of SuperMemo were sold in 2006 , most for less than $ 30 .
Many more are thought to have been pirated .
Biedalak and I meet and talk in a restaurant in downtown Warsaw where the shelves are covered in gingham and the walls are lined with jars of pickled vegetables .
He has an intelligent , somewhat hangdog expression , like a young Walter Matthau , and his tone is as measured as Wozniak 's is impulsive .
Until I let the information slip , he does n't even know the exact location of his partner and friend .
" Piotr would never go out to promote the product , would n't talk to journalists , very rarely agreed to meet with somebody , " Biedalak says .
" He was the driving force , but at some point I had to accept that you cannot communicate with him in the way you can with other people . "
The problem was n't shyness but the same intolerance for inefficient expenditure of mental resources that led to the invention of SuperMemo in the first place .
By the mid-'90s , with SuperMemo growing more and more popular , Wozniak felt that his ability to rationally control his life was slipping away .
" There were 80 phone calls per day to handle .
There was no time for learning , no time for programming , no time for sleep , " he recalls .
In 1994 , he disappeared for two weeks , leaving no information about where he was .
The next year he was gone for 100 days .
Each year , he has increased his time away .
He does n't own a phone .
He ignores his email for months at a time .
And though he holds a PhD and has published in academic journals , he never attends conferences or scientific meetings .
Instead , Wozniak has ridden SuperMemo into uncharted regions of self - experimentation .
In 1999 , he started making a detailed record of his hours of sleep , and now he 's working to correlate that data with his daily performance on study repetitions .
Psychologists have long believed there 's a correlation between sleep and memory , but no mathematical law has been discovered .
Wozniak has also invented a way to apply his learning system to his intake of unstructured information from books and articles , winnowing written material down to the type of discrete chunks that can be memorized , and then scheduling them for efficient learning .
He selects a short section of what he 's reading and copies it into the SuperMemo application , which predicts when he 'll want to read it again so it sticks in his mind .
He cuts and pastes completely unread material into the system , assigning it a priority .
SuperMemo shuffles all his potential knowledge into a queue and presents it to him on a study screen when the time is right .
Wozniak can look at a graph of what he's got lined up to learn and adjust the priority rankings if his goals change .
These techniques are designed to overcome steep learning curves through automated steps , like stairs on a hill .
He calls it incremental reading , and it has come to dominate his intellectual life .
Wozniak no longer wastes time worrying that he has n't gotten to some article he wants to read ; once it 's loaded into the system , he trusts his algorithm to apportion it to his consciousness at the appropriate time .
The appropriate time , that is , for him .
Having turned over his mental life to a computerized system , he refuses to be pushed around by random inputs and requests .
Naturally , this can be annoying to people whose messages tend to sift to the bottom .
" After four months , " Biedalak says sadly , " you sometimes get a reply to some sentence in an email that has been scrambled in his incremental reading process . "
For Wozniak , these misfires were less a product of scrambling than of an inevitable clash of goals .
A person who understands the exact relationship between learning and time is forced to measure out his hours with a certain care .
SuperMemo was like a genie that granted Wozniak a wish : unprecedented power to remember .
But the value of what he remembered depended crucially on what he studied , and what he studied depended on his goals , and the selection of his goals rested upon the efficient acquisition of knowledge , in a regressive function that propelled him relentlessly along the path he had chosen .
The guarantee that he would not forget what he learned was both a gift and a demand , requiring him to sacrifice every extraneous thing .
From the business side of SuperMemo , Wozniak 's priorities can sometimes look selfish .
Janusz Murakowski , one of Wozniak 's friends who worked as a manager at the company during its infancy , thinks that Wozniak 's focus on his own learning has stunted the development of his invention .
" Piotr writes this software for himself , " says Murakowski , now a professor of electrical engineering at the University of Delaware .
" The interface is just impossible . "
This is perhaps a bit unfair .
SuperMemo comes in eight flavors , some of which were coded by licensees : SuperMemo for Windows , for Palm devices , for several cell phones , even an Internet version .
It 's true that Wozniak is no Steve Jobs , and his software has none of the viral friendliness of a casual game like Brain Age for Nintendo DS .
Still , it can hardly be described as the world 's most difficult program .
After all , photographers can learn to produce the most arcane effects in Photoshop .
Why should n't more people be able to master SuperMemo ?
" It was never a feel - good product , " Murakowski says , and here he may be getting closer to the true conflict that lies at the heart of the struggle to optimize intelligence , a conflict that transcends design and touches on some curious facts about human nature .
We are used to the idea that normal humans can perform challenging feats of athleticism .
We all know someone who has run a marathon or ridden a bike cross-country .
But getting significantly smarter — that seems to be different .
We associate intelligence with pure talent , and academic learning with educational experiences dating far back in life .
To master a difficult language , to become expert in a technical field , to make a scientific contribution in a new area — these seem like rare things .
And so they are , but perhaps not for the reason we assume .
The failure of SuperMemo to transform learning uncannily repeats the earlier failures of cognitive psychology to influence teachers and students .
Our capacity to learn is amazingly large .
But optimal learning demands a kind of rational control over ourselves that does not come easily .
Even the basic demand for regularity can be daunting .
If you skip a few days , the spacing effect , with its steady march of sealing knowledge in memory , begins to lose its force .
Progress limps .
When it comes to increasing intelligence , our brain is up to the task and our technology is up to the task .
The problem lies in our temperament .
The Baltic Sea is dark as an unlit mirror .
Wozniak and I walk along the shore , passing the wooden snack stands that wo n't be open until spring , and he tells me how he manages his life .
He 's married , and his wife shares his lifestyle .
They swim together in winter , and though Polish is their native language , they communicate in English , which she learned with SuperMemo .
Wozniak 's days are blocked into distinct periods : a creative period , a reading and studying period , an exercise period , an eating period , a resting period , and then a second creative period .
He does n't get up at a regular hour and is passionate against alarm clocks .
If excitement over his research leads him to work into the night , he simply shifts to sleeping in the day .
When he sits down for a session of incremental reading , he attends to whatever automatically appears on his computer screen , stopping the instant his mind begins to drift or his comprehension falls too low and then moving on to the next item in the queue .
SuperMemo graphs a distribution of priorities that he can adjust as he goes .
When he encounters a passage that he thinks he 'll need to remember , he marks it ; then it goes into a pattern of spaced repetition , and the information it contains will stay in his brain indefinitely .
" Once you get the snippets you need , " Wozniak says , " your books disappear .
They gradually evaporate .
They have been translated into knowledge . "
As a science fiction fan , I had always assumed that when computers supplemented our intelligence , it would be because we outsourced some of our memory to them .
We would ask questions , and our machines would give oracular — or supremely practical — replies .
Wozniak has discovered a different route .
When he entrusts his mental life to a machine , it is not to throw off the burden of thought but to make his mind more swift .
Extreme knowledge is not something for which he programs a computer but for which his computer is programming him .
I 've already told Wozniak that I am not optimistic about my ability to tame old reading habits in the name of optimized knowledge .
Books , for me , are not merely sources of information I might want to load into memory but also subjective companions , almost substitute people , and I do n't see why I would want to hold on to them in fragments .
Still , I tell him I would like to give it a shot .
" So you believe in trying things for yourself ? " he asks .
" Yes . "
This provides his opening .
" In that case , let 's go swimming . "
At the edge of the sea , I become afraid .
I 'm a strong swimmer , but there 's something about standing on the beach in the type of minuscule bathing suit you get at the gift shop of a discount resort in Eastern Europe , and watching people stride past in their down parkas , that smacks of danger .
" I 'm already happy with anticipation , " Wozniak says .
" Will I have a heart attack ? "
" There is less risk than on your drive here , " he answers .
I realize he must be correct .
Poland has few freeways , and in the rural north , lines of cars jockey behind communist - era farm machinery until they defy the odds and try to pass .
There are spectacular wrecks .
Wozniak gives close attention to the qualitative estimate of fatal risks .
By graphing the acquisition of knowledge in SuperMemo , he has realized that in a single lifetime one can acquire only a few million new items .
This is the absolute limit on intellectual achievement defined by death .
So he guards his health .
He rarely gets in a car .
The Germans on the beach are staring at me .
I dive in .
Philosopher William James once wrote that mental life is controlled by noticing .
Climbing out of the sea and onto the windy beach , my skin purple and my mind in a reverie provoked by shock , I find myself thinking of a checklist Wozniak wrote a few years ago describing how to become a genius .
His advice was straightforward yet strangely terrible :
You must clarify your goals , gain knowledge through spaced repetition , preserve health , work steadily , minimize stress , refuse interruption , and never resist sleep when tired .
This should lead to radically improved intelligence and creativity .
The only cost : turning your back on every convention of social life .
It is a severe prescription .
And yet now , as I grin broadly and wave to the gawkers , it occurs to me that the cold rationality of his approach may be only a surface feature and that , when linked to genuine rewards , even the chilliest of systems can have a certain visceral appeal .
By projecting the achievement of extreme memory back along the forgetting curve , by provably linking the distant future — when we will know so much — to the few minutes we devote to studying today , Wozniak has found a way to condition his temperament along with his memory .
He is making the future noticeable .
He is trying not just to learn many things but to warm the process of learning itself with a draft of utopian ecstasy .
Contributing editor Gary Wolf ( gary@aether.com ) wrote about futurist Ray Kurzweil in issue 16.04 .
Related Get Smarter : 12 Hacks That Will Amp Up Your Brainpower 1 : Distract Yourself 2 : Caffeinate With Care 3 : Choose Impressive Information 4 : Think Positive 5 : Do the Right Drugs 6 : Juice Your IQ Score 7 : Know Your Brain 8 : Do n't Panic 9 : Embrace Chaos 10 : Get Visual 11 : Exercise Wisely 12 : Slow Down Plus : 6 Intelligence Myths Exposed
ONLINE GIFTING SOLUTIONS , ANYWHERE IN INDIA
Time To Get Showered With Amazing Memories Gifting Best Gifts
Life is quite short and that is why we all should not let slip chance from our hand whenever it comes to showing love .
Gifting is one of the best ways to showcase love , affection and caring towards loved ones .
We at India Flower Plaza come up with an enormous range of amazing gifts at the best online prices .
The best thing about India Flower Plaza is that you find an outstanding collection of thoughtful gifts so you would be able to impress your favourite one without confronting any issues .
We understand that you all have running busy and do not have time to spare from your precious time to go and buy the right gift .
This is why India Flower Plaza online shopping platform has been established to make easy for you .
Here , you find an outstanding gift collection .
Picking an ideal gift is an art and we have made our collection jam - packed with thoughtful gift collection .
It does not matter what kind of gift you wish to have , we are here for you .
India flower Plaza is also widely known for imparting even if you recall purchasing a gift lift - minute .
Buy Amazing Birthday Gifts
Birthdays are truly special and they give us excuse to spare some time from busy schedule to have quality time with your loved ones .
Saying would not wrong that birthday can turn into joyous celebration and they become memorable by giving gifts .
India Flower Plaza is here with amazing gift collection to make you get filled with amazing feeling .
IFP holds that great magic to bring a great smile to your loved ones .
Whether it is about gifts like cake delivery online , flower , accessories , grooming gifts , toys or games , everything is just outstanding .
Order gifts online without confronting any issues and surprise your friends and siblings .
You can send you loved through gifts just by clicking .
Read More
This blog is a notebook of my thoughts on parallel programming and accelerated computing .
The instruction stream is deprecated : parallel programming is a spreadsheet .
The silence and complicity of Congress is stunning .
The way that Congress has allowed Bush and his Executive Branch to usurp its power over this war willfully is a blatant insult to our democracy and the American people .
That the silence and complicity is intentional and not just a result of Congress trusting the Bush administration to " do the right thing " is even more insulting to this so - called free nation we Americans live in .
The Congress ' hearings with Petraeus / Crocker were yet another example to add to the potpourri of instances where Congress has outright failed America and its people .
The questions asked by Republicans were virtually all along the lines of being able to continue the " mission " or occupation of Iraq with full support and what America needed to do or think in order to support the operations
If they were from Democrats , it was even worse .
The Democrats , seeking to continue their insidious electoral plan to come off as a purely anti-war party despite their acceptance of campaign contributions from defense contractors , their support of military contractors over in the Middle East , and their refusal to filibuster and stop funding of the Iraq war , asked questions that outright betrayed all the knowledge that Americans have of this war .
Transcripts of the event show that the Democrats were pushing Iraq as a " mistake . "
They were blaming the Iraqis for the situation that America is in because apparently when a country violates the sovereignty of another nation , kills millions of Iraqis , obliterates records its culture and history , and destroys that nation 's infrastructure , it is that country 's fault for all the problems the violator is incurring as a result of the policies the violator carried out .
It 's like taking candy from a baby and then yelling at the baby , " Why is your candy all gone ? "
Sadly , the line that Iraq was a " mistake " and the Iraqis are making it difficult for us to withdraw is how they plan to come off as anti-war this election season .
They have no plans to become any stronger in their opposition to the war .
Those we can't count on to end this war ( Republicans ) and those we think we can count on ( Democrats ) have failed us .
The Bush administration 's actions in connection to this Iraq war should have every member of Congress talking about taking action on impeachment .
Unfortunately , even people like Dennis Kucinich , who were highly vocal about impeachment , have gone silent .
Our expectations have been lowered so much that when Joe Biden was joshing or cajoling Petraeus and Crocker at the hearing it was magnificent to many so - called liberals in the blogosphere even though he did not signal he would be filibustering funding for the Iraq war or advocating that the House move on impeachment .
One man , Robert Wexler , a Democrat from Florida , shined in the hearing .
He did his job .
He asked for questions from his constituents to be asked at the Petraeus / Crocker hearing prior to it and acted upon the comments / questions he received from his constituents .
This is now the only Democrat worth sending money to for his future re-election or just for his WexlerWantsHearings.com campaign , which is a campaign for impeachment hearings .
Every other Democrat is a waste of money that could be used to keep us from entering a state of total poverty .
Save it .
And especially save the money you wish to send to Obama or Clinton .
Transcript of Wexler 's heroic and moving exchange with Petraeus follows :
With flags at half - mast on the second day of official mourning for the more than 66,000 dead or missing , a government warning of a strong aftershock set off a panic among survivors across southwestern China
Credit : GETTY
最近ケータイサイトの開発を行っているのですが、キャリアや機種によって動作にいろいろと違いがあり、なかなか面倒ですね。
キャリアごとにテンプレートを分けて記述するのは手間なので、基本的に共通テンプレートで記述したいところですが、どうしても振り分けをしないと駄目なこともあるため、今回やってみて気がついた違いなどについてまとめてみました。
なお、いわゆる第三世代携帯電話( DoCoMo FOMA , au WIN , SoftBank / Vodafone 3G ) でXHTML対応機種のみを対象としています。
■文字コー ド
UTF-8で統一して大丈夫そうなのですが、DoCoMoのみ特定の文字(
三点リーダーや 丸数字など ) をフォームから入力した場合に消えてしまったりするようですので、DoCoMoは入出力をShift_JISにする必要があります。
※上記で特定の文字のひとつとしてあげました三点リーダーですが、UTF-8の問題ではなく文字実体参照の「…」を表示できる機種と表示できない機種が存在することによる問題でした。(2008年4月16日追記)
■CSS
au やSoftBankは外部ファイルで定義できるのですが、DoCoMoのみ
作ろうiモード：iモード対応XHTMLのバージョン | サービス・機能 | NTTドコモ
・インラインのみに対応しています。
という素敵仕様なので、泣く泣く各タグ内にstyle属性を書きます。
どーしても我慢できない場合は、外部スタイルシートをインライン展開するようなフィルターを作成するとかでしょうか。ググッてみたら、HTML::DoCoMoCSSというPerlモジュールを作成されている方もいらっしゃいました。
■画像形 式
GIF とJPEG であれば大丈夫なようです。
・iモード対応コンテンツ作成時の仕様 | サービス・機能 | NTTドコ モ
・ KDDI au : 技術情報 > 機種別情報一覧
・ソフトバンク 端末情報 Part1 ～ ソフトバンク 端末情報 Part4
・ Mobile Creation 対応フォーマット一 覧
ただ、SoftBankの場合、
ソフトバンク 端末情 報
ソフトバンク3G携帯電話では、gif形式を表示することができます。(V801SH、V801SAを除く)
と気になる記述があったりするのですが、この2機種は、
・ V801SHをご利用のお客さまへ
・V-NM701/V801SAをご利用のお客さまへ重要なお知らせ
によると利用不可になる予定ですので、とりあえず気にしない方向でいーかなーと……。ユーザーの方がいらっしゃいましたら、ゴメンなさい。m(_ _ ) m
■ブラウザの解像 度
QVGA液晶というくらいなので、横240ピクセルはあると思っていたら、ブラウザの縦スクロールバーの分などで削られて、意外とそこまで使えなかったりします。
・作ろうiモードコンテンツ：画面領域 | サービス・機能 | NTTドコモ
・ KDDI au : 技術情報 > 機種別情報一覧
・ソフトバンク 端末情報 Part1 ～ ソフトバンク 端末情報 Part4
・ Mobile Creation 画面領域情報一 覧
自動縮小させたくない場合は、横228ピクセル以内に抑えておいたほうがいいようです。
■フォントのサイ ズ
DoCoMoはiモード対応HTMLとiモード対応XHTML比較表に書かれているように、
小 … xx-small～small 中 … medium 大 … large～xx - large
と統一されているので楽なのですが、au とSoftBankは端末によって挙動が全然違います。
特にauではsmallやx-smallでは変化せず、xx-smallにしてやっと一段階小さくなる端末があったりと、なかなか曲者です。そのため、
< span style = " font - size :12 px " >フォントサイズ小</span>
などのようにauはピクセルで指定するのが無難なようです。
こういった状況のため、フォントサイズに関してはキャリアを判別して指定方法を変えるしかないようです。
ま た、auはdivタグなどでフォームを囲むような形でフォントサイズを小さくすると、セレクトメニューの内容が変な位置で改行されてしまいます。
有名なケータイサイトでもよく改行されているのを見かけるため、そーゆーものなのかなと思っていたのですが、::Kellogg : : | auの馬鹿っ！の記事を参考に、個別にサイズを指定するようにしたら、無事改行されなくなり、文字も小さくなりました。
■入力文字制 御
テキストフォームで入力文字の指定を行う場合、いろいろ調べてみたところ、おまじないも含めて、
全角かなモー ド
< input type =" text " name = " hoge " istyle= " 1 " format= " * M " mode = " hiragana " style= " - wap-input- format : " *< ja:h > " ;- wap-input - format : * M ; " />
半角カナモード( auは全角かな )
< input type =" text " name = " hoge " istyle= " 2 " format= " * M " mode = " hankakukana " style= " - wap-input- format : " *< ja:hk > " ;- wap-input - format : * M ; " />
半角英字モー ド
< input type =" text " name = " hoge " istyle= " 3 " format= " * m " mode = " alphabet " style= " - wap-input- format : " *< ja:en > " ;-wap-input-format:*m ; " />
半角数字モー ド
< input type =" text " name = " hoge " istyle= " 4 " format= " * N " mode = " numeric " style= " - wap-input- format : " *< ja:n > " ;-wap-input- format : * N ; " />
のように記述するといいようです。
なお、上記の 「 ;;」は書き間違いではなく、このようにセミコロンを2つ記述しないと正しく動作しないので、注意してください。
※機種によって、初期入力モードが変更されるだけのものと、入力モードが固定されて変更できなくなるものがあります。変更禁止になる機種の場合、全角かなモードでカタカナが入力できなかったり、半角英字モードで数字が入力できなかったりしますので、指定する際はご注意ください。(2008年8月14日追記)
■回り込 み
画像に文字を回り込ませたい場合はfloatでいいはずなのですが、auは意図した動作をしなかったので、align属性も追加する必要があります。
< a href = " https://www.asial.co.jphoge.gif & mode=1 " class= " popupimg " >< img src= " https://www.asial.co.jphoge.gif " ></a>
■mailto
SoftBankはUTF -8のままURLエンコードして大丈夫だったのですが、DoCoMoとauはURLエンコード前にShift_JISに変換しておかないと、題名などの文字が化けてしまうようです。
以上、会社にあるケータイでの動作結果をもとにしていますので、何か間違っていることなどありましたら、ぜひぜひお知らせくださいませ。
For hundreds of millions of years , marine creatures of all shapes , sizes and descriptions have gone about the daily business of converting calcium ions dissolved in seawater into the hard shells and skeletons that are so reminiscent of a trip to the seaside .
Many of these shell - makers are tiny life forms that die in their billions each day , falling to the seabed to form what will eventually become another geological layer of rock .
Without them we would n't have the White Cliffs of Dover , Chartres Cathedral or any of the other limestone wonders of the world .
The chemistry behind the process of shell - making , called marine calcification , relies on a complex series of chemical equations kept in a state of equilibrium – balancing acts that can be tipped in either direction .
The big question for science is trying to understand how rising levels of man-made carbon dioxide in the atmosphere can affect these chemical equilibria and , ultimately , the ability of these organisms to carry on making their shells and skeletons .
There is a lot at stake in being able to answer this question .
Marine calcification is vital for coral reefs and fundamental to the key organisms at the base of the food chain on which all other sea creatures depend .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
But it is also important in terms of answering the wider questions of climate change .
This is because the chemical process by which these organisms convert calcium ions into shells is central to knowing how the oceans will – or will not – continue to act as a " carbon sink " that helps to soak up man-made carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
The latest effort in this field suggests that there will be no simple solution to the problem .
Scientists have found that rising levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere may affect shell - making creatures in different ways .
Some may find it harder to carry out calcification , whereas others may actually find it easier .
Scientists have already estimated that some 118 billion tons of carbon released into the air as carbon dioxide between 1800 and 1994 have been taken up by the oceans worldwide .
Indeed , about a third of the carbon dioxide produced by human activities since the start of the Industrial Revolution has been absorbed by the seas .
So , without the capacity of the ocean to act as a natural carbon sink , the concentration of carbon dioxide in the air today – about 380 parts per million – would be significantly , and dangerously higher .
Marine calcification actually produces carbon dioxide in the short term , but in the long term it takes carbon out of the atmosphere , for example by the formation of limestone rock deposits on the seabed .
Indeed , marine calcification is estimated to be the biggest carbon sink on earth over geological timescales by forming layers of calcium carbonate , the basic ingredient of chalk , limestone and marble .
And one of the most important organisms that performs the task is the coccolithophore , a microscopic plant that exudes exquisitely formed calcium " plates " around its cell wall .
Coccolithophores may be among the smallest and most insignificant members of the shell - making ocean community , but these tiny photosynthetic organisms play a critical role in banking huge amounts of carbon by growing in huge numbers .
Indeed , coccolithophore " blooms " are so big they can even be seen from space .
Coccolithophores need carbon dioxide dissolved in seawater for photosynthesis , and bicarbonate ions , in equilibrium with carbon dioxide , to build their calcium shells .
But it was assumed that too much carbon dioxide would jeopardise the delicate balance of this two - way chemical reaction .
The oceans are naturally alkaline , but as more carbon dioxide dissolves in the sea to form carbonic acid , the water 's acidity increases and there is evidence to suggest that many marine organisms find it difficult to make their shells when ocean acidity increases beyond a certain point .
( The sea does n't actually become " acidic " , which means its pH is less than seven – it just becomes less alkaline . )
Not so , it seems , with the coccolithophore , or at least with the most abundant species , called Emiliania huxleyi .
The latest study into this species shows that it appears to thrive on high levels of carbon dioxide .
Instead of finding it difficult to make its calcium carbonate plates , as some scientists had expected , the organism can , in fact , make bigger and bigger plates as carbon dioxide concentrations are increased artificially , according to a study published in the current issue of the journal Science .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Debora Iglesias - Rodriguez , a biological oceanographer at the National Oceanographic Centre in Southampton , carried out the experiments by bubbling carbon dioxide into tanks to see how the species would cope with rising levels of the dissolved gas .
She found that the single - celled plant actually excreted bigger plates at higher concentrations .
In fact , at levels of carbon dioxide in the experiment reaching 750 ppm ( about double of those today ) , the calcification rates also doubled compared with the calcification rates of coccolithophores grown at CO2 levels of 280 ppm , which is to say , pre-industrial levels .
" Our widely held assumption that the acidification of the oceans causes a decrease in calcification in all coccolithophores needs to be reappraised , " says Dr Iglesias - Rodriguez .
" Our data reveal that these microscopic organisms have been responding to climate change by increasing the size of the cells and their calcium carbonate plates . "
Previous experiments with coccolithophores suggested that as acidity levels increased , calcification would decrease .
However , Dr Iglesias - Rodriguez believes this may have been due to the way the experiments were carried out .
The scientists simply added acid to the water to mimic the increase in acidity due to dissolved carbon dioxide .
Her method was to simulate the more natural process by bubbling the gas through the water until it dissolved .
" This work contradicts previous findings and shows , for the first time , that calcification by phytoplankton could double by the end of this century , " she says .
" This is important because the majority of ocean calcification is carried out by coccolithophores such as Emiliania huxleyi and the amount of calcium carbonate produced at the ocean surface is known to have a direct influence on levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide . "
Dr Iglesias - Rodriguez and her colleagues point out that the last time the earth experienced large increases in the levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide was 55 million years ago during a period known as the Palaeocene - Eocene Thermal Maximum .
It was also a time when coccolithophores were abundant .
Paul Halloran of Oxford University , a co-author of the Science study , says that coccolithophores must have thrived during the recent increase in carbon dioxide since the start of the Industrial Revolution .
" Our research has also revealed that , over the past 220 years , coccolithophores increased their mass of calcium carbonate by 40 per cent .
These results are in agreement with previous observations of coccolithophores being abundant in a period of ocean acidification 55 million years ago , " he adds .
One of the main conclusions of the latest study is that it is no longer easy to make simple assumptions about the relationship between rising carbon dioxide , increasing acidity and the ability of sea creatures to continue making shells and calcium carbonate skeletons .
Things are more complicated than had been assumed .
" Based on our research , the situation is not clear .
There will be winners and losers , " says Dr Iglesias - Rodriguez .
Victoria Fabry of California State University in San Marcos , an expert on marine calcification , points out that there are many studies suggesting that organisms that engage in making calcium carbonate shells and skeletons will find life difficult in the coming decades .
" As atmospheric CO2 levels continue to rise , we are embarking on a global experiment with as yet uncertain long - term consequences for many marine calcifers , " she says .
The coming century could see carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere rising to 600 parts per million and beyond – which is unprecedented in terms of the human timescale on this planet .
So the question of how marine calcifers will cope with this change will be critical in terms of whether the earth 's oceans will continue to help us to deal with our carbon dioxide emissions .
How shells are formed
By Jamie Merrill
* Molluscs form shells or exoskeletons by secreting calcium carbonate which forms a hardened coating .
But unlike most animal structures , seashells are not made of living cells and are produced outside their host 's body .
* Molluscs use a flap of tissue called a mantle , which is located under the shell , to secrete the calcium carbonate and form the shell .
The shell 's colour and shape varies depending on the rate of growth and the mollusc 's diet .
So in warmer waters where food is abundant , you 'll find thousands of species in different shapes , sizes and colours .
While in cold waters where food sources are lacking , most shells lack any colour at all .
* Found across all the world 's oceans , seashells are common because they are very effective at converting dissolved calcium carbonate which is abundant in seawater .
They vary in size from the massive Tridacna clam of the southwest Pacific which weighs 226kg to the Pythina , a tiny , smooth , translucent clam the size of a grain of rice .
Operation Bitten and Bound
From left to right : LCPL James Headd , PFC Robert Connell , CPL John Perrine ,
PFC Raymond Blaxton , LCPL Wiley Adams , LCPL Kurt Barfield ,
and LCPL Thomas Glassburn
When I received this photo from , it brought tears to my eyes .
Wiley is my daughter 's boyfriend and he and the 1st Battalion , 8th Marines , 2nd Marine Division , 3rd Platoon 1/8 A Company , are stationed in Iraq .
I always feel so small and helpless when I think of what these men and women are doing overseas , risking their lives to fight for the freedoms we enjoy in this country .
I would like to thank our service men and women overseas , so during the holidays we will be dedicating a portion of this site to them .
If you are serving overseas and have a message for your family and friends back home , send us an email at bittenandbound@gmail.com with your message , along with a photo , or even a video message that you have uploaded to YouTube and we will post them on Bitten and Bound until January 1st .
Do you have a message you would like for us to post to a loved one overseas ?
Get it to us before January 1st and we will get it posted on the site .
I ca n’t state what gas prices will be in other states , however , in Georgia , it ’s already known that in August , gas will be approximately $ 4.50 cents per gallon .
Yesterday , while buying gas at a new Chevron Station , the clerk told me that they had been advised by their suppliers that in August , the price per gallon had already been determined .
To those that believe it ’s because of supply and demand - I say Bulls * it !
I have three sons , two who are managers for a large chain of convenience store / gas stations .
Last night , I asked one of my sons if this was true , and to my surprise , he stated that the chain they work for had also been advised that prices will be at approximately $ 4.50 per gallon in August .
I was under the false impression that the gas industry was regulated by supply and demand , however , when the operators of these stations already know months in advance what the prices will be - to me , that smacks of “ price fixing ” even though we know that Americans are driving less and actually consuming less gas than the “ norm ” for the United States .
In short , it appears that the oil companies have already determined what we will pay at the pumps whether we drive less or not , and in my opinion , that ’s a clear indicator of price fixing - something that I believed was illegal , but for the oil companies , it appears they are self - regulating and whether we reduce our consumption or not , gas prices in August have already been agreed upon , not by one , but at least two companies that I ’m personally aware of ;
What ’s wrong with this picture ?
William Cormier
When older people can no longer remember names at a cocktail party , they tend to think that their brainpower is declining .
But a growing number of studies suggest that this assumption is often wrong .
Instead , the research finds , the aging brain is simply taking in more data and trying to sift through a clutter of information , often to its long - term benefit .
The studies are analyzed in a new edition of a neurology book , “ Progress in Brain Research . ”
Some brains do deteriorate with age .
Alzheimer ’s disease , for example , strikes 13 percent of Americans 65 and older .
But for most aging adults , the authors say , much of what occurs is a gradually widening focus of attention that makes it more difficult to latch onto just one fact , like a name or a telephone number .
Although that can be frustrating , it is often useful .
“ It may be that distractibility is not , in fact , a bad thing , ” said Shelley H. Carson , a psychology researcher at Harvard whose work was cited in the book .
“ It may increase the amount of information available to the conscious mind . ”
The fighting between Iraq 's Shi'ite factions appears to be metastasizing .
What started in Basra and jumped to Baghdad 's Sadr City has now spread across the capital , eyewitnesses tell Iraqslogger .
Here 's one set of reports , just from the Sha'b district .
* Clashes erupted again on Thursday in the Sha'b area , including Thursday afternoon in the Sabah al - Khayat square of the northeastern district .
Three cars carrying at least five Mahdi Army gunmen armed with rifles , rocket - propelled grenades and PKC launchers passed through the square in front of an Iraqi forces checkpoint , security sources said .
The militiamen fired into the air as they approached .
Iraqi forces returned fire and a clash ensued .
Three militiamen and one policeman were killed in the firefight , along with five militiamen and one policeman injured .
* * At 1:00 am in Sha'b on Wednesday night , more than 70 Mahdi Army fighters attacked a police station .
Two policemen were killed along with seven Mahdi Army members , and eight militiamen were injured in the fighting .
Locals also report that a sound bomb had landed in Sha'b 's main market Wednesday , forcing people to close their shops .
Some suspect that Mahdi Army elements may have been involved in the attack as a way to force Iraqis to observe the " civil disobedience " called for by the Sadrist leadership .
* * On Thursday evening , a ** Sahwa [ neighborhood watch ] checkpoint was attacked in Sha'b , locals say .
Two cars filled with armed men approached from different directions firing Kalashnikov rifles at the installation , then a gunman in one of the vehicles fired an RPG rocket .
* Sahwa forces returned fire and forced the attackers to run ...
* In the last two days , as ** Sahwa checkpoints have drawn attacks from Mahdi Army militiamen , locals say that several of the installations have been merged together to make them more defensible .
Iraqi authorities also brought reinforcements from other ** Sahwa councils into Sha'b on Thursday .
Locals say that Mahdi Army militiamen have targeted the residences of some ** Sahwa members in the area . *
Now .
Sha'b is in eastern Baghdad , not that far from Sadr City .
But even in southwestern Baghdad , clear on the other side of town , there 's trouble , Iraqslogger reports :
* Eyewitnesses in the southwestern areas of Risala and
Muwasalat report that even in these places , where the Mahdi Army is not in control of the area , continued on Thursday to move around the area in their automobiles and fire into the air defiantly .
* * Meanwhile , in nearby Bayya ' , the corpse of a member of the Badr organization , widely recognized as the paramilitary wing of the Supreme
Iraqi Islamic Council was found in the street on Thursday , locals say .
* * Heavy fighting also erupted in the al - Muhit Street that runs around the perimeter of Kadhimiya .
As four American Humvees passed in the street , members of the Mahdi Army attacked them , according to local sources .
The clashes continued for 15 minutes before the militiamen fled , leaving behind seven of their dead .
Four injured militiamen were arrested by the US forces .
Eyewitnesses said they saw one US soldier injured in the attack . *
American forces are involved , too .
There 's been at least one air strike on Sadr City .
And several Mahdi Army commanders tells the Washington Post that " they had been fighting U.S. forces for the past three days in Sadr City , engaging Humvees as well as the Stryker [ armored vehicles ] .
By their account , an Iraqi special forces unit had entered Sadr City from another direction , backed by Americans , but otherwise the fighting had not been with Iraqis . "
" If Abu Muqawama was leading one of those U.S. units into Sadr City past a bunch of Iraqi Army soldiers hanging out on the outskirts , he would not be happy . "
He would be asking himself a ) why is he the one establishing the authority of the Iraqi state and not the Iraqi Army and b ) why is he duking it out with a militia with broad popular support so that another Iran - backed political party can win a bigger share of the vote in the fall ?
Now Iraqi
Army units are calling for U.S. and UK military units to lend direct support in Basra as well .
In Lebanon , in September 1983 , the U.S. lent direct support to what it assumed was a national institution , the Lebanese Army , in the battle at Souk el - Gharb .
By doing so , it became , in the eyes of the rest of the Lebanese population , just another militia .
The U.S. history in Iraq is more complicated , obviously , but what 's happening now is the U.S. is throwing our lot in with ISCI in the upcoming elections .
And all Abu Muqawama is saying is , there better be a whole lot of quid pro quo going on as well .
*( Photo : Kareem Raheem / Reuters ) *
ALSO :
The remains of plants processed for human purposes molder in landfills across the world .
Whether waste paper or raked leaves , the plant remnants still contain cellulose , a sugar in greenery that bonds with the chemical compound lignin to furnish a plant 's structure .
Microbes living in the landfills break down this cellulose into methane , which slowly seeps to the surface and into the atmosphere , where it is a potent greenhouse gas .
BlueFire Ethanol , Inc. , in Irvine , Calif. , would rather harvest that energy for use as cellulosic ethanol fuel .
" We produce 70 gallons of ethanol per ton of waste , " says engineer Arnold Klann , BlueFire 's president and CEO .
" The trick is unlocking the sugar molecule from the lignin , which is the glue that holds it together . "
BlueFire estimates 40 billion gallons of cellulosic ethanol could be produced from plant waste destined for the landfill , providing as much as one third of all U.S. transportation fuel needs .
And , if other forms of waste , such as the stalks of corn plants ( corn stover ) or the remnants of timber harvest are included , Klann says , " we have enough feedstock in the U.S. to offset 70 percent of the oil import . "
BlueFire is set to open its first plant at a landfill in Lancaster , Calif. , later this year and hopes to use U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) funding to open a second by the end of 2008 , Klann says .
Together the two plants would produce , at best , 22 million gallons of ethanol a year by using sulfuric acid to break the lignocellulose bonds and then burning the leftover lignin to power fermentation of the cellulose into ethanol .
" The lignin we recover makes up 70 percent of the steam and electricity we need , " Klann notes .
" The other advantage of siting at a landfill is that they have methane gas .
We can burn that in our boiler and generate huge carbon credits . "
Given the potential benefits , Congress has provided $ 10 million in funding — and the DOE has asked for $ 30 million more — to develop a second facility employing the process , as well as millions more for similar cellulosic biorefineries , such as the Range Fuels plant in Soperton , Ga. , that converts wood waste into fuel .
Biofuels from waste avoid the carbon and energy debts incurred by more common examples such as ethanol from corn or diesel from soy .
" The thing we know will work is if you use waste products , " says agricultural expert Tim Searchinger of Princeton University , who led recent research showing that most biofuels do little to slow and may even increase global warming .
" If everything is done right , probably we can use corn stover without other problems , though it might mean you have to grow a cover crop . "
Biofuels also offer one of the few methods currently available for storing solar energy , notes chemical engineer Charles Wyman of the University of California , Riverside .
" Biomass to liquid fuel , electricity for charging of a battery or generating hydrogen , [ those are ] really our options , " he says .
" The best way to store solar energy is called biomass . "
BlueFire has already operated such a plant to convert wood waste into ethanol in Japan to demonstrate the feasibility of the technology .
As a result , the government of that country has decided to mandate blending 1 percent of ethanol into gasoline for the first time .
And Klann believes this technology could prove most useful in the developing world , where plant waste is typically burned rather than buried .
" What we have to do as a society is figure out how to move ourselves around in a way that is low - cost and has minimal effect on the environment , " he says .
" Ethanol is not a bad fuel . "
A dozen years ago , in a review of John Ehrman ’s “ The Rise of Neoconservatism , ” I dismissed the neocons as a spent force , hardly distinguishable from the Republican right to which writers such as Norman Podhoretz and his wife , Midge Decter , and Irving Kristol and his son William had attached themselves .
Many of those to whom I had referred were so - called Reagan Democrats , one - time liberals who had despaired of what they perceived as the unwillingness of Democratic leaders , specifically George McGovern and Jimmy Carter , to appreciate the Soviet threat and act appropriately in defense of Israel .
But they were no more satisfied with efforts of Richard Nixon , Henry Kissinger and Gerald Ford to achieve and maintain détente with the Soviets .
They helped elect Ronald Reagan in 1980 , and a few of them , notably Jeane Kirkpatrick , served visibly in his administration .
For the most part they served as a claque , extolling his tough anti-communist rhetoric .
They had far less influence on Reagan ’s policies than they imagined , as evidenced by their outrage when he worked with Mikhail Gorbachev to end the Cold War .
Nonetheless , it ’s clear that I buried them prematurely .
Old writers never die — at least not all at once — and sometimes they beget offspring who carry on the family traditions .
They Knew They Were Right By Jacob Heilbrunn Doubleday , 336 pages
Who were — or are — the neocons ?
Some analysts have traced the older ones back to a Trotskyite cell at the City College of New York in the 1930s .
Those most prominent today are alleged to be connected in some way to Leo Strauss , a German - born political philosopher who taught at the University of Chicago .
Some of these — and others — are perceived as disciples of Albert Wohlstetter , a defense intellectual who also taught at Chicago but did his most important work as a consultant to the RAND Corp .
In “ They Knew They Were Right : The Rise of the Neocons , ” Jacob Heilbrunn follows all of these trails but declares Max Shachtman , a prominent American socialist who veered right in the 1960s , to be the “ founding father of neoconservatism . ”
Shachtman urged his followers to support the Democrats in the 1950s in hope of pushing the party left but turned against the Democrats — and the New Left — in the late 1960s in response to their opposition to the war in Vietnam .
Heilbrunn has trouble defining neoconservatism and concludes that it is not an ideology but rather a mind - set , one shaped by the Jewish immigrant experience ( social resentments and status anxiety ) , memories of the Holocaust and the 20th century battle against totalitarianism .
Obviously , he perceives most neocons to be Jews , echoing the conservative icon Russell Kirk ’s classic crack that neocons too often thought the capital of the United States was Tel Aviv .
Heilbrunn concedes that not all neocons are Jews but neglects to note that most Jews are not neocons .
Heilbrunn is eminently qualified to write on the subject .
He is himself Jewish , his family experienced the Holocaust , and much of his early career was spent in the company of leading neoconservatives at The National Interest in the days when Irving Kristol was the publisher and alongside Charles Krauthammer at The New Republic .
He readily concedes his own youthful attraction to the movement , but is less forthcoming about when and how he turned away .
Indeed , the book is peppered with statements that could easily have come from Norman Podhoretz or David Frum .
He claims that the foreign policy establishment “ loathed the idea of Israel . ”
He offers a gratuitous put - down of the late Edward Said , “ a smooth , urbane purveyor of much nonsense about the Middle East . ”
He accepts the charge that American liberalism was “ hostile ” to Israel in the 1960s and 1970s when another analyst — certainly this one — would suggest that many liberals became critical of Israel as the occupation of the West Bank unfolded .
Finally , when he suggests that if funds had gone to Ahmed Chalabi as intended by the Iraq Liberation Act of 1998 , the chaos that followed the overthrow of Saddam Hussein might have been avoided , he ’s certainly sounding a neocon theme .
Although Heilbrunn sees the neoconservative movement as beginning in the 1950s , it ’s really not until the late 1960s that the New Left and the Black Nationalists were perceived by the generation of Irving Kristol and Norman Podhoretz and younger men such as Martin Peretz , later publisher of The New Republic , as a threat to Western civilization .
Like most other American Jews , they were exhilarated by Israel ’s victory in the Six Day War of 1967 — and appalled when young American leftists and blacks denounced Israeli imperialism .
The Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee ( SNCC ) anticipated the 1974 U.N. resolution in 1967 by equating Zionism with racism .
Black anti-Semitism directed at Jewish shopkeepers and teachers in the United States astonished and frightened many Jews , some of whom had been in the forefront of the fight against racism .
The liberal demand for affirmative action to compensate blacks for centuries of oppression was profoundly troubling to men and women who had fought against quotas for Jews and found comfort as members of a meritocracy .
The radical disruptions of universities and the efforts of black families to take control of New York public schools away from Jewish teachers were frightening indications of what might happen in the United States .
Heilbrunn provides a useful insight , suggesting that some of the men who became leaders of the neoconservative movement had memories of the collapse of the Weimar Republic — and were determined not to let it happen in America .
Lyndon Johnson once complained that many Jewish intellectuals , although delighted by his use of American power in support of Israel , led the opposition to his use of that power in Vietnam .
Kristol , Podhoretz , Shachtman and others among the older men and women who became neoconservatives chose to support the war in Vietnam .
It was part of the struggle against communist totalitarianism .
Eugene McCarthy and George McGovern , both of whom imagined a less assertive American foreign policy , held no attraction for them .
Nor did Nixon or Kissinger , whose quest for détente with both the Soviets and the Chinese they viewed as immoral .
They looked instead to Sen. Henry Jackson of Washington , a hawkish Democrat , who , guided by Dorothy Fosdick and Richard Perle , understood the Soviet threat and would support Israel .
By the 1970s , these Jewish upstarts were engaged , Heilbrunn contends , in a civil war against a foreign policy establishment that had gone soft after the war in Vietnam .
In the 1970s and 1980s , there appeared to be only two themes that constituted a neoconservative foreign policy , advocated by both Jewish and non-Jewish adherents : anti-communism and the defense of Israel .
When the neocons demanded a policy that placed a premium on respect for human rights , it was painfully evident that they preferred to be very selective in its application .
Quite rightly , they insisted on calling attention to abuses committed by communist regimes and those of tin-pot dictators hostile to the United States .
But the sincerity of their concern for the victims of abuse was brought into question by their willingness to offer free passes to America ’s friends — and the friends of Israel .
Readers aware of today ’s neocon drumbeat for action against Iran may note how quiescent some of these same writers were in the 1970s when the Shah of Iran ’s secret police engaged in widespread torture of his opponents .
He was beyond reproach as a friend of the United States and a tacit ally of Israel ( which helped train his secret police ) .
Jimmy Carter , whose emphasis on human rights and eagerness to promote democracy should have pleased the neocons , outraged them by being too tough on Israel , pressing the Israelis to trade land for peace , and not tough enough on the Soviets .
And so they turned to Ronald Reagan and the Republican Party .
Heilbrunn , agreeing that the Democratic leadership underestimated the Soviet threat , portrays the early 1980s , roughly Reagan ’s first term , as the era in which the neoconservative movement made its greatest contribution .
Members of the movement led the fight in the media as well as within the government in support of the Reagan Doctrine of supporting anti-communist insurgents wherever they appeared , as in Angola and Nicaragua .
They fought against arms limitation agreements , pressing for an acceleration of the American military buildup begun by Carter , and they reinforced President Reagan ’s emotional attachment to his Strategic Defense Initiative .
Heilbrunn recognizes that in their zeal they disregarded the law , as in the Iran - Contra plot , but his sympathy for the perpetrators , especially Elliott Abrams , is evident .
He does not hesitate , however , to criticize them for their total failure to accept the bona fides of Mikhail Gorbachev , for their efforts to prevent Reagan from accepting Gorbachev as a legitimate interlocutor .
When the Cold War ended and the communist bloc shattered , most foreign policy analysts , not only neoconservatives , struggled to define America ’s role in the new world order .
One of the main lines of tension , most evident in the pages of The National Interest , was the perennial struggle between realism and idealism .
President George H.W. Bush was very much the pragmatist and relied on the great political operative , James Baker , and the quintessential realist , Brent Scowcroft , for advice on foreign policy .
As he evidenced in his response to the Tiananmen massacres in China , human rights and democratization were not high priorities for him .
But what offended the neocons most was his failure to finish off Saddam Hussein in 1991 and his failure to provide adequate protection for the Kurds and Shiites who rose against Saddam in the aftermath of the American liberation of Kuwait .
His pressures on Israel to stop the spread of Jewish settlements on Arab lands caused further displeasure , but the neocons had nowhere to turn .
By this time , the Kristols , father and son , Norman Podhoretz and Midge Decter and the brilliant essayist Charles Krauthammer were indistinguishable from the far right on domestic as well as foreign policy issues .
Krauthammer ’s 1991 essay , “ The Unipolar Moment , ” published in Foreign Affairs , was probably the most influential neoconservative work of the 1990s .
With the collapse of the Soviet Union , he looked toward a confederation of democracies , led by the United States , which would dominate the world .
This was a vision with appeal across the political spectrum .
Clinton administration foreign policy leaders such as Joe Nye and Madeleine Albright , saw American “ bound to lead ” and as the “ indispensable power . ”
When Bill Clinton promised to stop coddling the “ Butchers of Beijing , ” and intervened in Bosnia to stop Slobodan Milosevic ’s brutality , many neocons cheered .
But they were disgusted by his pinprick responses to Saddam ’s provocations .
William Kristol and a new star among neoconservative writers , Robert Kragan , constructed a mythical Reaganite foreign policy , which would find the proper balance between realism and idealism .
Heilbrunn describes Kagan as a major influence on Kristol , who had been less interested in world affairs than in Republican politics .
Together they edited The Weekly Standard , which became the flagship of neoconservatism .
They looked to John McCain as the man who would lead the nation in the direction they wanted to go — but they had to settle for George W. Bush , who they feared would pursue policies similar to those of his father .
Neither Kristol nor Kagan joined the Bush administration , and there were no neocons at the Cabinet level .
The triumvirate responsible for foreign policy , Colin Powell , Donald Rumsfeld and Condoleezza Rice , contained no neocons .
But one leading figure , former Henry Jackson aide and Assistant Secretary of Defense Richard Perle had participated in the briefings Rice arranged for the president - elect .
Paul Wolfowitz , another leading neoconservative , was awarded the post of deputy secretary of defense .
Mid -level positions in the administration were dotted with men and women , such as Douglas Feith and Elliott Abrams , who were connected to the movement .
As the operations of the administration developed , and especially after 9/11 , it became apparent that Rumsfeld and Vice President Dick Cheney dominated the policy process — and neither of them had ever demonstrated a notable interest in any form of humanitarian intervention or in human rights and democratization more generally .
Cheney and Rumsfeld were old - fashioned nationalists , determined to exercise American power abroad without any restraint — and Cheney , at least , was committed to the unrestrained exercise of presidential power at home .
For reasons that may never be known , Cheney , who had earlier argued that toppling Saddam Hussein was not worth one American life , decided that Saddam ’s provocations could no longer be tolerated .
Perhaps it was Bush who was eager to eliminate Saddam , who had after all attempted to assassinate his father .
When this intent emerged after 9/11 , there was great joy among neoconservatives , some of whom , including those at The Weekly Standard , helped spread the myth of Saddam ’s complicity in 9/11 .
Wolfowitz had a grand dream of establishing a democracy in Iraq that would help spread democracy throughout the region and lead to Arab acceptance of Israel .
At minimum , a vicious dictator would be overthrown and the people of Iraq would be freed from oppression .
These were ideas that resonated throughout the neoconservative world — and beyond , to those who fought for respect for human rights everywhere .
And so the United States invaded Iraq , ostensibly to destroy Saddam ’s nonexistent weapons of mass destruction , to replace his dictatorship with a democratic regime , to end human rights abuses there — and to make the Middle East safer for Israel .
Saddam was indeed deposed , certainly a blessing , but the prospects for democracy in Iraq and a peaceful Middle East hardly seem to have improved .
Robert Kagan was quick to criticize the administration ’s management of the invasion and the ensuing occupation .
Presumably all would have been well if the neocon blueprint had been followed , but the neocons had been used by Cheney and Rumsfeld , who had little interest in their agenda .
Soon they became scapegoats as the Republican establishment blamed them and their alleged Wilsonianism for the disastrous aftermath of the invasion of Iraq and the larger failures of American foreign policy .
Paul Wolfowitz and Douglas Feith , the most visible of the administration ’s neocons , were tossed overboard , and realism was back in vogue among Republicans .
I buried them once .
I wo n’t make that mistake again .
I enjoy reading Kagan and Krauthammer too much , and William Kristol has begun writing a column for The New York Times .
They ’ll be around for a while — and if John McCain is the next president of the United States , look for them to rise again .
As for Heilbrunn , he has distanced himself from the neocons , but he clearly remains a landsman .
He may have jumped what he perceived as a sinking ship , but he has n’t gotten very far .
The book is useful for those with little knowledge of the neoconservative movement but lacks the intellectual rigor with which John Judis ( see his 1995 article in Foreign Affairs called “ Trotskyism to Anachronism : The Neoconservative Revolution ” ) and Peter Steinfels ( see his 1979 book “ The Neoconservatives ” ) approached the same subject — or the scholarly depth of John Ehrman ’s effort .
In general the writing is glib , and the postscript , a look into the future , is downright silly .
Warren I. Cohen is Distinguished University Professor at the University of Maryland , Baltimore County , and a Senior Scholar at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars .
He is the author , most recently , of “ America ’s Failing Empire ” and is a regular contributor to several publications , including The ( London ) Times Literary Supplement .
One Local News
One Local News was a A publication by the News One Publishing Group .
If you were looking to set up your own local news website One Local News would help .
This was their website .
Content is from the site 's 2006 - 2007 archived pages .
About Us
News
One has put together a modern and accessible online news room , and made it available free of charge to encourage the spread of web based news reporting .
The News One Mission
To web enable local news organizations in the reporting and recording of the news happening in their community .
What We Provide
We set you up with your own customized news website where you can post news stories , split your stories into categories ( local , business , sports , etc. ) , upload and save pictures to accompany your stories , even open profiles for each of your reporters .
Reporters submit their stories online , where they are put in a queue for editorial review .
Editors can simply make some inline edits and post , or send back to the reporter for revision , with comments .
The news web site your readers will see is fully customizable and includes an easy to use content editor .
You can choose fonts , colors , sizes , upload a logo ... and more !
Best of all , our unique Online News Room is made available free of charge to qualified editors .
Report From the Field
News
One being accessible online makes it easy to post news from anywhere there is a web connection .
* NEW !
Now reporters can email their stories into the News One Online News Desk with any email enabled Blackberry or other PDA !
Your Commitment
To run a professional news organization dedicated to reporting the events happening in your community .
Email us at editor@newsone to inquire about opening an account .
EXAMPLES
Local News 2006
New School Board election date set
Brocktown —
This week 's School Board meeting resulted in the following dates for this years elections .
The next school board trustee elections will take place on the subsequent October 15 .
Nomination day for candidates will be September 17 .
The School Boards Association is offering an information session for school board candidates on June 21 .
Specific venues will be finalized closer to the date .
Please check the ASBA website for more information .
For those looking for more information about school trusteeship , please read Becoming a school trustee : Information for those considering running in the upcoming election .
You may also wish to view a PowerPoint presentation to the Board of Trustees containing school trustee election information .
Contact your trustee representative for additional information .
+++
Latest High School Scores
Ashland 82 , Gr. Houlton Chr. 36
At Presque Isle , Lucas Belanger led five players in double figures with 17 points as Ashland rolled over host Greater Houlton Christian .
Isaac Ward and Curtis Belanger tossed in 12 points apiece for the Hornets while Jeremy Tarr and Carl Nemer each added 10 .
Fort Kent 59 , LCS / MSSM 50
At Limestone , Sam Bard poured in 28 points , including four key free throws in the fourth quarter , to lead Fort Kent by the Limestone Community School / Maine School of Science and Mathematics .
Jason Lesaldo chipped in with 13 points for the winners .
Danny Hayes paced the Eagles with 20 points and 11 rebounds .
Chris Kirchner and Matt Enman each added 10 points .
JV : Fort Kent 38-36
Shead 67 , Lubec 57
At Eastport , Wayne Clossey netted 22 points to lead Shead past Lubec .
Dana Mitchell recorded 15 points and 17 rebounds and Aaron Sullivan added 12 points and 13 rebounds for the Tigers .
Timmy Gross scored a game - high 23 points and Jesse Reed tallied 17 points for the Hornets .
Woodland 67 , Jonesport - Beals 56
At Woodland , Ben Sears tossed in a game - high 22 points as Woodland outscored Jonesport - Beals 20 - 5 in the fourth quarter to rally for the win .
Chad James tallied 18 points and Todd Diadone 15 for the Dragons while Spencer Brown grabbed 12 rebounds .
Mike Smith led the Royals with 17 points while James Kelly notched 15 and Harry Beal 14 .
JV : Woodland 67-37
DI - Stonington 77 , GSA 38
At Deer Isle , Bryant Ciomei poured in 34 points to lead the unbeaten Mariners to their fourth victory .
Collin Ciomei chipped in with 16 points and seven re-bounds and Eben Powers netted 10 points for the
inners .
Rob Brown had five assists .
Jesse Ingraham paced George Stevens Academy of Blue Hill with 10 points .
JV : GSA 51 - 49
Local News 2007
Parade to take place this Saturday down Main Street Despite the water , Men‘s and Women ‘s auxillary parade will go down Main Street as planned next Saturday .
Local potato growers are looking to diversify Hazelnuts may find a market in the manufacturing of chocolates while lavender is the latest trend in cosmetics .
But finding a replacement crop that supplies the same profits is n‘t going to be easy .
Man faces charges in assault with knife
An argument over a piece of china led to a 52 - year - old man cutting another man with a kitchen knife Wednesday , a County Sheriff ‘s Office report says .
Casinos in Prescott
It 's rather surprising the number of land based casinos in the Prescott Valley area , if you think about it .
There is the Yavapai Casino , a decent small little casino , where the drink prices are great and food specials are great and food taste good .
However some reviewers complain about the cigarette smoke filled gambling room which some feel is very small even for an Indian casino .
Then , there is Bucky 's Casino with their Friday night Texas Hold ' Em tournaments and Tuesday Ladies Poker Nights ( also an enterprise of the Yavapai ~ Prescott Indian Tribe ) .
Another is Cliff Castle Casino also on an Indian reservation offering lots of slot options .
They even have a small non smoking area .
But if you have access to internet service , sometimes it 's just easier to sign in to your favorite poker or go to the page called " online slots USA from online - casino - party.co " and stay at home .
I have n't checked in at the local casinos to see if they saw a drop in revenue now that US players are allowed to gamble at numerous online casino sites .
The social atmosphere is certainly not the same , but if you are a non smoker , you wo n't have to suffer in a smoked filled casino room .
Prescott enjoys thousands of visitors year round and many of them do end up staying at a Prescott casino hotel .
That makes it easy to stroll on over to an a -joining casino .
On the other hand if you are wiped out after spending the day on Watson Lake , mountain biking , or visiting all the historic sites in the downtown area , you can always retire to your room and relax playing poker or slots online .
Police arrest , charge man in shooting A man has been arrested and charged with attempted murder in the shooting attempt on a man during a domestic dispute , authorities said Friday .
Belvedere home is destroyed by blaze A man was asleep inside the residence in the 600 block of Powerhouse Drive when the fire started at about 4:20 p.m. , Fire Department Chief Todd Durrance said .
Breaking News 2007
Preacher ‘s husband charged in her death
12 June , 2007
Wheat prices hit record highs on CBOT
12 June , 2007
Investigators : Improve VA bonus process
12 June , 2007
U.S. probing apparent Gitmo suicide
12 June , 2007
Mass .
gay marriage faces test this week
12 June , 2007
E-mails : TB patient ‘s family was no help
12 June , 2007
Aunt gets baby who survived hanging
12 June , 2007
7 wonders contest drawing to a close
12 June , 2007
+++
Local News 2006
Police arrest , charge man in shooting
10/16/2006 10:45:49 PM
A man has been arrested and charged with attempted murder in the shooting attempt on a man during a domestic dispute , authorities said Friday .
Belvedere home is destroyed by blaze
10/11/2006 10:01:03 AM
A man was asleep inside the residence in the 600 block of Powerhouse Drive when the fire started at about 4:20 p.m. , Fire Department Chief Todd Durrance said .
Man faces charges in assault with knife
10/6/2006 7:34:28 AM
An argument over a piece of china led to a 52 - year - old man cutting another man with a kitchen knife Wednesday , a County Sheriff ‘s Office report says .
Parade to take place this Saturday down Main Street 9/29/2006 12:59:17 PM
Despite the water , Men‘s and Women ‘s auxillary parade will go down Main Street as planned next Saturday .
Local potato growers are looking to diversify
9/22/2006 2:13:25 AM
Hazelnuts may find a market in the manufacturing of chocolates while lavender is the latest trend in cosmetics .
But finding a replacement crop that supplies the same profits is n‘t going to be easy .
+++
Other Stories
10/2006 - Kings coach Musselman arrested for DUI
10/2006 - Kings ‘ coach arrested on DUI charges
10/2006 - Some cities embrace Kyoto Protocol
10/2006 - 8 cruise passengers still hospitalized
10/2006 - Kings ‘ coach arrested on DUI charge
10/2006 - Oprah heralds N.C. black women ‘s school
10/2006 - Springfield show benefits cancer patient
10/2006 - N.H. police officers mourn slain comrade
10/2006 - Meet would - be Texas gov .
Kinky Friedman
10/2006 - Maltese islanders back accused priest
10/2006 - Abbas seeks to curb Hamas in West Bank
10/2006 - Oct. toll at 78 for U.S. troops in Iraq
10/2006 - Ex - Peru president Valentin Paniagua dies
10/2006 - Feds investigate fiery Pa. train crash
10/2006 - Dems holding leads in many pivotal races
Local News 2006
Civic club donates to police units
10/27/2006 3:01:35 AM
The County Jaycees made donations Thursday to two auxiliary police units for providing security at the Jaycees Fair .
Fire guts Beech Island home
10/22/2006 3:01:27 AM
Firefighters from four departments battled a house fire late Wednesday night outside of Beech Island .
Nature park offers free tours
10/16/2006 10:46:46 PM
Free guided tours of Johnson Swamp Nature Park will begin Saturday and continue the first Saturday of each month from 9:30 to 11 a.m. Jury exonerates Boortays
10/11/2006 10:01:59 AM
A federal jury has ruled Boortays was blameless in a multimillion - dollar lawsuit .
Widow rejects suicide claim
10/6/2006 7:35:25 AM
The widow of Carlton Evans denies her husband tried to flee authorities and committed suicide to avoid arrest .
+++
Other Stories
10/2006 - National parties target Pennsylvania
10/2006 - Dozens dead in Ethiopia flooding
10/2006 - Monsanto strives to breed better pumpkin
10/2006 - Police : Alligator nabbed in drug dispute
10/2006 - Kazakhstan to Borat : Not so funny !
10/2006 - Method comedy : Borat and faux personas
10/2006 - National parties target Pennsylvania
10/2006 - Democrats increase hope of winning House
10/2006 - WTC insurers need not pay extra $ 700 M
10/2006 - Fla. man acquitted of sex assault hoax
10/2006 - Hezbollah : Talks over soldiers under way
10/2006 - AWOL soldier surrenders at Fort Knox
10/2006 - NASA to send astronauts to repair Hubble
10/2006 - Nielsens : Another tough week for Couric
10/2006 - Last week ‘s prime - time Nielsen ratings
Local News 2006
Judge denies restraining order
10/27/2006 3:01:36 AM
A federal judge Wednesday denied a Connecticut man ‘s request for a temporary restraining order against a local woman accused of hiding the man ‘s ex-wife and 4 - year - old son .
Nominees sought for awards
10/22/2006 3:01:29 AM
Students Who Care will award four $ 600 scholarships to high school seniors Oct. 5 during Children ‘s Week .
County to buy water
10/16/2006 10:46:48 PM
The County has purchased about 370,000 gallons of water since the end of July -- usually on days when residential use crests the 22 million - gallon mark .
Repairs to shut off water
10/11/2006 10:02:01 AM
Repairs to a water main will leave some Tobacco Road area residents and businesses without water for a few hours today .
Drug agents confiscate heroin
10/6/2006 7:35:27 AM
Drug agents arrested a man Tuesday on drug charges and confiscated an estimated $ 5,000 worth of heroin -- a sign the drug may be making a comeback , they said .
+++ Other Stories 10/2006 - Monsanto strives to breed better pumpkin
10/2006 - Police : Alligator nabbed in drug dispute
10/2006 - Kazakhstan to Borat : Not so funny !
10/2006 - Method comedy : Borat and faux personas
10/2006 - National parties target Pennsylvania
10/2006 - Democrats increase hope of winning House
10/2006 - WTC insurers need not pay extra $ 700 M
10/2006 - Fla. man acquitted of sex assault hoax
10/2006 - Hezbollah : Talks over soldiers under way
10/2006 - AWOL soldier surrenders at Fort Knox
10/2006 - NASA to send astronauts to repair Hubble
10/2006 - Nielsens : Another tough week for Couric
10/2006 - Last week ‘s prime - time Nielsen ratings
10/2006 - Review : Almodovar returns for ` Volver ‘
10/2006 - Bush cautious on N. Korea nuke turnabout
Local News 2006
School board will fill top spots
10/26/2006 7:01:21 AM
County school board members will hold a special called meeting Monday to elect the board ‘s chairman and vice chairman .
Fatal fire ruled accidental
10/22/2006 3:01:30 AM
Authorities say the blaze that killed a man and woman Tuesday on Baker Island was accidental .
New rail switches approved
10/16/2006 10:46:50 PM
Transportation Systems finally has approved the use of remote - controlled switches that should give motorists relief from long waits at railroad crossings downtown , said Commissioner Sam Shep .
Man leads police on chase
10/11/2006 6:01:47 AM
A man was charged with drunken driving after leading police on a chase in a stolen car , police said .
Fire truck involved in wreck
10/7/2006 3:35:07 AM
A fire engine on the way to a call hit another driver Wednesday , police said .
+++
Other Stories
10/2006 - Monsanto strives to breed better pumpkin
10/2006 - Police : Alligator nabbed in drug dispute
10/2006 - Kazakhstan to Borat : Not so funny !
10/2006 - Method comedy : Borat and faux personas
10/2006 - National parties target Pennsylvania
10/2006 - Democrats increase hope of winning House
10/2006 - WTC insurers need not pay extra $ 700 M
10/2006 - Fla. man acquitted of sex assault hoax
10/2006 - Hezbollah : Talks over soldiers under way
10/2006 - AWOL soldier surrenders at Fort Knox
10/2006 - NASA to send astronauts to repair Hubble
10/2006 - Nielsens : Another tough week for Couric
10/2006 - Last week ‘s prime - time Nielsen ratings
10/2006 - Review : Almodovar returns for ` Volver ‘
10/2006 - Bush cautious on N. Korea nuke turnabout
OneLocalNews.com
level 9999
The JRPG is a venerable and well respected genre , having survived almost unchanged for decades and supported by a community of hardcore obsessives that drool over every statistic and sweeping , globe trotting storyline that comes their way .
Japanese Role Playing Games were made famous by Square - Enix 's legendary Final Fantasy series , which made turn - based combat , leveling up and epic adventuring a backbone of gaming tradition .
A few weeks ago we gave you the ten golden rules of online gaming where you learned some of the most crucial aspects of broadband multiplayer .
Now , we share with you some of the time honored secrets of Japanese Role Playing Games , those bastions of random battles , standard bearers of HP meters , and champions of monsters that carry money for no conceivable reason .
If you 're looking to develop your own JRPG , or are just one of the many devoted genre fans that want to know exactly how they 're made , hit the jump and learn the secrets the world wants to know -- the ten golden rules of Japanese RPGs .
1 : Always make your main character brooding , tortured and thoroughly unlikeable :
It 's common knowledge that nobody needs to identify with the hero of a story to enjoy themselves , in fact , being able to even remotely like the main character is a disaster waiting to happen .
If players spent their time caring about whether the in - game avatar lives or dies , they would n't be able to invest valuable brain space in marveling about how pretty the graphics are or how cool everybody 's hair looks .
To write a main character , the process is incredibly simple -- just find any Livejournal page that features hot pink text on a black background with Jack Skellington pictures , copy every single blog entry into Wordpad , and then make the hero read it all in a pretend gruff voice with sixty second long dramatic pauses .
Bada bing , bada boom -- one instant hero , dripping in darkness and oozing mysterious melancholy from every pore .
2 : Everybody in the main party has a sword , even if everyone else has guns :
It might not be logical , but this is a genre where steampunk robots can fight purple dragons -- sod your bloody logic !
Even if the game is set in a dystopian future full of clanking death wagons and engines of wanton destruction , your main party of heroes must always be willing to match their bullets with a flash of cold , hard steel .
If you do n't think a skinny emo with a sword is enough to stop a ten story tall walking tank with railguns , missile launchers and a scorpion tail , then you 're an idiot .
They did that shit all the time in Vietnam .
For extra realism , try and make the swords ten feet tall , or at least the size of a Shetland pony .
Despite their huge size , your girly - armed characters must be able to wield such meaty blades as if they were lighter than swan feathers with helium balloons tied to them .
Again , see ' Nam for historical reference .
3 : Your main party of heroes must include at least three ( preferably all ) of the following :
A. A really annoying child that is probably going to end up as hentai fodder within three minutes of the game 's release .
B. A self - styled lady 's man who has a weakness for drink and women .
He is always hilarious .
C. An old timer who might be a little rough on the surface , but has a heart of gold hiding within him .
D. A female who is useless at fighting but can heal up a treat .
Is in love with the main character .
E. A female who is intent on proving she is just as tough as men .
Is in love with the main character .
F . An easily marketable animal of some kind .
Could be in love with the main character , depending on your target audience .
G. A former villain who had a change of heart , possibly due to some newfound respect for his enemies .
Over the course of the game , he will learn the true meaning of friendship .
Fanboys think he is the best character .
4 : Always include a gambling minigame :
Kids love to gamble , and no JRPG world is truly alive until it has a casino of some kind , promoting the risk - and - reward lifestyle that will lead many of our nation 's children down a fun- fueled path of cocaine binges , spousal abuse and prostitution .
From card games to roulette wheels , a JRPG needs some way of encouraging that " Daddy needs a new pair of Mithril boots , " mindset from the player .
It does n't matter how the minigame takes place , all that matters is that hardcore gambling is encouraged and applauded .
If people want the ultimate weapons , well they 're going to have to bet the shirts off their backs for it .
5 : Partway through the game , split your party up into forced teams that includes characters the player clearly has n't leveled up enough :
Everybody loves that moment in an RPG where all the playable characters are split into two teams and the player is forced to use characters they never wanted to play with , which have now become weak and useless by that point in the game .
Some gamers have been known to simultaneously weep , laugh and orgasm with utter rapture at the thought of playing as Tootles McShitty who is still at Level 3 and has his beginning weapon .
A few oddballs are prone to complaints about this fantastic gaming innovation , but they are heretics and possibly murderers so must be ignored .
If they did n't level up every single character in preperation for something like this happening , then it 's their fault -- it 's a JRPG , so they have only themselves to blame for not expecting to have to finally play as the whiny kid who screams " Alright , " in a high pitched voice whenever he gets the killing blow in a battle .
6 : Your main villain must be one of the following , and ONLY one of the following :
A . A close friend or ally who has turned traitor in a shocking twist that you did n't see coming within three seconds of setting eyes on the smirking prick .
He might be a mentor to the main hero , or a friendly rival , but either way , his unorthodox methods and shirking of authority will provide no clues to his completely unforeseeable betrayal .
B . An ancient evil that has been sealed away long ago .
Evils are always ancient , and are never killed like they should be .
Instead , some bearded old fools locked it up in a mirror or a tree or something -- y'know , a really secure place .
C. Someone who randomly and suddenly replaces the guy you thought was the actual main villain .
You 'll spend hours waiting to fight the main baddie , only to find he was little more than a sub-villain for the main event .
It is always surprising when this happens .
D. Gay .
7 : NPCs are complete idiots :
Just like in real life , other people in RPGs are nothing but drooling morons with only myopic and worthless things to say , and they 'll say those things over and over again .
The best part is , even though it 's clear that in a town full of wandering NPCs , the only relevant people are the ones running the Inn and the Weapon Shop , the player is still compelled to wander up to each one to hear about how some jackass loves the smell of freshly baked cookies or how they 're expecting their husband home any minute ( a minute that lasts until the end of time , it would seem ) .
Freeze framed in their own never ending moments of eternal stupidity , NPCs should always be the kinds of people you just want to punch in the face until both of you are bleeding .
8 : NPCs never lock their doors and let you wander around their homes :
NPCs are so interested in telling you about their love of freshly baked cookies that they do n't even care that you burst into their homes uninvited and subsequently trod soil and dragon blood into their carpets .
They 'll happily stand there , grinning like complete and utter mongoloids , thinking about their one asinine train of thought while you walk all over private property , opening cupboards and helping yourself to whatever cash and potions they might possess .
Again , just like real life .
9 : Never ever question why the world 's global economy is n't in tatters when a man can't step foot outside his home town without being attacked by monsters :
Seriously , just do n't fucking think about it , okay !?
10 : The last dungeon requires so much level grinding that the player 's fingers wear down to thimbles :
No JRPG can truly call itself complete without having an end dungeon packed so full of the toughest monsters that it requires an additional twenty hours of " gameplay " just to get through the first screen .
When the final furlong approaches , the game technically screeches to a halt , and what ensues is a magical new game where one runs around the same spot in circles , then presses attack a lot , and then runs around in circles again .
For days .
The reason why this is necessary is because of the point of all RPGs -- to accumulate so much power , to be so incredibly strong , and to possess so many ultimate weapons , that the final boss is pathetically crushed within two minutes , reducing the past several days of repetitive labor and hard work into something that does n't even last as long as most wanks .
While this pitiful whimper of an ending could help the player question why he 's wasting his life , this is never the result .
He just goes out and buys something NIS made so they can get to level 9999 .
The Crash Course has provided millions of viewers with the context for the massive changes now underway , as economic growth as we ’ve known it is ending due to depleting resources .
But it also offers real hope .
Those individuals who take informed action today , while we still have time , can lower their exposure to these coming trends — and even discover a better way of life in the process .
We ’ll show you how .
For the best viewing experience , watch the above video in hi-definition ( HD ) and in expanded screen mode
How long will it take ?
Chapters are between 3 and 29 minutes in length .
All 27 sections take 4 hours and 36 minutes to watch in full .
Looking for a quicker summary ?
Watch the 1 - hour long ‘ Accelerated ’ Crash Course .
Chapter Menu ( click each to play ) :
Each week , the next chapter of this new Crash Course series will be made available to the public .
All chapters will be publicly available by the end of 2014 .
For those who do n’t wish to wait that long to watch the entire series , simply enroll .
Enrolled users are able to access the full suite of these new Crash Course chapters anytime they please .
Start watching the crash course now !
The ‘ Classic ’ Crash Course
Looking to find the original series from 2008 ?
( now dubbed the “ Classic ” version ) .
You can access those chapters , including their translated versions , at www.peakprosperity.com/crashcourse/classic
Published online 23 May 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.852
News
We can size up a dog simply by listening to its growl — but not in the way you might think .
Big or small - you do n't even need to look .
Punchstock
If you thought a high - pitched growl would come only from a tiny dog , you could be in for a nasty surprise .
Researchers have shown that it is n't the fundamental frequency , or pitch , of a growl that humans use to gauge a dog 's size — it 's another acoustic property related to the length of the vocal tract .
It was known that within species , formants — a property of a sound wave related to the length of the vocal tract — are used by animals to assess the size of other animals .
But it had never been shown to happen between species .
Anna Taylor , a doctoral student at the University of Sussex , Brighton , UK , set out to show that formants are used between species as a cue for size by seeing how humans respond to growls from different - sized dogs .
Her results are published in The Journal of the Acoustical Society of America .
1
Taylor visited the homes of more than 100 dogs , armed with nothing but a microphone , a steely stare , and the dog owners ' consent .
Taylor made the dogs growl defensively by invading the dog's space and staring it in the eyes .
She recorded these snarly responses , 30 of which she went to on to manipulate for her experiment .
That might sound like an unwise experiment for anyone who values their personal safety .
But Taylor says that , as an experienced animal behaviourist , she managed to diffuse any encounters before they turned violent .
Size is important
Taylor looked at the formants , and the fundamental frequency of the different growls .
Examples of the biggest and smallest formants , and highest and lowest frequencies , can be heard in these sound clips .
A formant is a basic acoustic property , and can be thought of as a resonant frequency of a sound wave in a vocal tract .
Dogs have between five and seven formants when they make a noise .
In humans , changes in formant come across as different vowel sounds .
Different length vocal tracts produce different resonant frequencies , and so the formants take on different values .
" Larger vocal tracts belonging to larger animals produce lower formants , " says Taylor .
The fundamental frequency is the pitch of a sound .
It is a " common fallacy " that pitch can be used to determine size , Taylor says .
Pitch is related to the size of the fleshy vocal chords , which can grow to different sizes .
The formant , on the other hand , is pretty much fixed .
To test human perception of dog size , Taylor separated out the formants and the fundamental frequency of each dog growl with computer - based acoustic software .
She then resynthesised each growl in two ways : first by making five new versions of each growl each with different formants corresponding to a range of vocal tract lengths from the tiniest dog to the largest ; and then making five new versions of each growl by altering the pitch to fit within a range of five frequencies – low to high pitch .
These new growls were played to human subjects in two separate experiments where they heard growls in random order and were asked to assess the size of the dog .
Where the formants were changed but not the pitch , the growls that had been manipulated to indicate a longer vocal tract were rated by the testers as coming from big dogs .
When pitch was changed but not formant , the testers estimated dog size more accurately .
When asked to say what they thought they were listening for , the testers all thought they were listening for changes in pitch , Taylor says .
The work has sparked interest in the acoustic community .
" This step to analyse the vocal repertoire of dogs , especially the subunits of growling , is totally new , " says Dorit Feddersen - Petersen , who studies dog behaviour at the University of Kiel , Germany .
" People are using the same acoustic parameters that they use to assess body size from human voices as they use to assess body size from dog growls , " says David Feinberg , who studies voices at McMaster University , Hamilton , Canada .
This is probably because all mammals have similar anatomy for producing sound , he says .
More than co-evolution ?
Taylor thinks that this link between formant and size perception might be more widely applicable than just dogs and humans " Attribution of size based on formant is something we can do for all animals , and possibly all animals can do for each other , " she says .
ADVERTISEMENT
That people use these cues to assess the size of dogs may be linked to the idea that humans and dogs have been co-evolving for the last 15,000 years , says Feinberg .
Feddersen - Petersen suggests the same thing : " This interspecific form of signalling ... must be linked to the close evolutionary history between dogs and humans , " she says .
This co-evolution could make it particularly important for humans to pay attention to the size of dogs suggests Feinberg .
" While dog may be man 's best friend , it may also bite the hand that feeds , " he says .
MAY 6-- As
The Weather Channel 's owner negotiates a multibillion - dollar sale of the cable outlet , the network 's lawyers are angling to keep secret the details of a blistering arbitration ruling in favor of a former anchorwoman who charges that she was subjected to unrelenting sexual harassment by her male co-anchor , who was " romantically obsessed " with her and frequently made crude remarks like , " Will you lick my swizzle stick ? "
Hillary Andrews , 38 , contends that the cable network 's brass turned a blind eye to the harassment because her co-anchor , Bob Stokes , was popular with viewers and scored high ratings .
According to recent court filings , Andrews won her arbitration case three months ago and the final ruling was " highly critical of conduct by both Stokes and TWC management . "
The network is now seeking to keep details of the arbitrator 's 17 - page report secret , while Andrews wants to publicly file the document in a lawsuit she has brought against the 50 - year - old Stokes in a Georgia state court .
In an April 24 federal court filing , an excerpt of which you 'll find here , Andrews reported that " TWC fired Stokes the day after " the arbitration award was issued on January 31 and is now " understandably eager to assure that the Arbitrator 's findings and conclusions never see the light of day . "
Stokes did not respond to a phone message left at his home and his attorney , Jeff Kent , declined comment on the court actions .
Court records show that Andrews was paired with Stokes after her September 2003 hiring , and that she replaced a female " on-camera meteorologist " who had worked with Stokes for three years .
According to Andrews 's lawsuit against Stokes , the prior anchor was abused daily by him and " routinely hid in the women 's dressing room in between shifts to avoid contact with him . "
The woman , Andrews added , eventually resigned after repeatedly complaining to management about Stokes 's harassment .
Andrews claims that " history quickly repeated itself " when Stokes began harassing her , though his behavior was " worse for [ her ] than for her predecessors because Stokes was sexually attracted to her and romantically obsessed with her . "
Stokes , she claimed , made crude sexual remarks to her , leered at her chest , and followed her into the women 's dressing room .
He also allegedly questioned her " over and over again , non - stop " about her sex life , and once noted , " It tortures me when you wear those heels and skirt . "
When she rebuffed his advances , Andrews charged , Stokes 's " hostility and volatility became a constant " and he sought to " sabotage " her on - air performance and even resorted to insulting her during live shows .
Though initially " loath to complain " about Stokes for fear of " career suicide , " Andrews eventually reported his behavior to TWC officials and sought a reassignment with a new co-anchor .
Instead , Andrews alleged , she was relegated to a series of undesirable assignments , including " the overnight shift -- the same assignment [ TWC ] had given Ms. Andrews 's predecessor after she complained about Stokes . "
Andrews filed her arbitration claim shortly before her three - year contract expired in August 2006 .
According to recent press accounts ,
The Weather Channel 's owner , Virginia - based Landmark Communications , has been accepting bids for the network , which it optimistically values at $ 5 billion .
Suitors for the cable channel ( and its popular weather .com web site ) reportedly include a Who 's Who of media giants , including CBS , NBC Universal , Time Warner , Comcast , and Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation . ( 14 pages )
Ex -Blue Peter presenter Konnie Huq surrounded by security
Torch grabbed
Thirty - seven arrests have been made after clashes between pro-Tibet protesters and police as the Olympic torch made its way through London .
Protests over China 's human rights record began soon after the relay began at Wembley , and prompted an increasing police presence through the city .
One protester tried to snatch the torch from former Blue Peter host Konnie Huq .
After an unpublicised change to the route , the Chinese ambassador carried the torch through Chinatown .
It later made an unscheduled move onto a bus .
See a map of the torch relay route A protective ring of 10 Chinese flame attendants and fluorescent - jacketed police officers surrounded the torchbearers at all times , with additional uniformed officers joining at potential flashpoints along the route .
Police decided the torch should travel along Fleet Street to St Paul 's Cathedral by bus , rather than held by a runner , after it was surrounded by a large group of protesters .
Chaotic scenes
A contingent of pro-China supporters also tried to make their voices heard along the route , waving Chinese and Olympic flags and calling for " one China " .
I always said my taking part in the procession does n't mean I condone China in any way
Konnie Huq
In pictures : Olympic Torch relay Brown criticised over parade Outside Downing Street there were chaotic scenes as former Olympic heptathlon gold medallist Denise Lewis took the flame to No 10 .
Gordon Brown greeted the torch outside Number 10 despite coming under pressure to boycott the parade and the Beijing Olympics opening ceremony .
However he did not hold it .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said the prime minister 's involvement was " wholly inappropriate " until China opened talks with the Dalai Lama .
People cannot just come in and cause havoc with what 's being done ... and officers have stopped them
Jo Kaye
Metropolitan Police Commander
Huq tells of ' shock '
Flashpoints on torch route Police said there were about 500 people in Whitehall and about 2,000 gathered near the British Museum .
Several small scuffles broke out as police tackled some of the protesters .
Beijing Olympic torch relay spokesman Qu Yingpu told the BBC : " This is not the right time , the right platform , for any people to voice their political views .
Human rights
" So we are very grateful and very thankful to the people in London , the police and the organisers , for their efforts trying to keep order . "
Pictures of the London relay were broadcast on China 's state - controlled TV , but not of the protests and disruption .
Metropolitan Police Commander Jo Kaye denied officers had been heavy - handed with some protesters .
" Our duty is to see that that torch is taken safely and securely to the end of its route .
We 're doing that .
We 're on schedule .
The convoy has kept going according to schedule all the way , " he said .
" People cannot just come in and cause havoc with what 's being done there and the officers have stopped them .
They know quite well that they should n't be trying to get in at the torch and they 've been stopped . "
At the start of the relay , three protesters were taken away by police after trying to board the open - top bus taking the torch from Wembley .
Police also stepped in when a protester later tried to snatch the torch from Ms Huq .
Olympic values
She told BBC News 24 she was " a bit bashed about " but not seriously hurt .
" I always said my taking part in the procession does n't mean I condone China in any way , " she added .
" I believe in the Olympic values , the Olympic ideals ... it 's just unfortunate that China has such a terrible track record when it comes to human rights and they are the host nation . "
Those taking part in the relay include 10 Olympic champions , 18 schoolchildren and public figures such as news reader Sir Trevor McDonald and musician Vanessa Mae.
Double Olympic champion Dame Kelly Holmes ran the last stage of the route to complete the relay and lit the Olympic cauldron in front of 5,000 spectators .
The flame will complete the London leg of its journey with a finale event at the O2 Arena .
It will then leave for Paris .
Girl band
The Sugababes withdrew from the finale at the last minute , saying singer Amelle Berrabah had been diagnosed with laryngitis .
They had earlier carried the torch on an open top bus down Oxford Street .
The torch was lit in Olympia , Greece , last week and will go through 20 countries before being carried into the Beijing Games opening ceremony on 8 August .
LONDON TORCH RELAY 6 APRIL 1 : Wembley 1030BST 2 : Ladbroke Grove 1100 3 : British Museum 1220 4 : China Town 1230 5 : Trafalgar Square 1250 6 : Southbank Centre 1330 7 : Somerset House 1415 8 : St Paul 's Cathedral 1430 9 : Potter 's Fields 1500 10 : Whitechapel Road 1530 11 : Stratford 1600 12 : Canary Wharf 1700 13 : North Greenwich 1800 Source : Mayor of London
Return
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
ICS 161 : Design and Analysis of Algorithms
Lecture notes for March 7 , 1996
Computational Geometry
What is computational geometry ?
For instance , in video games such as Doom , the computer must display scenes from a three - dimensional environment as the player moves around .
This involves determining where the player is , what he or she would see in different directions , and how to translate this three - dimensional information to the two - dimensional computer screen .
A data structure known as a binary space partition is commonly used for this purpose .
In order to control robot motion , the computer must generate a model of the obstacles surrounding the robot , find a position for the robot that is suitable for whatever action the robot is asked to perform , construct a plan for moving the robot to that position , and translate that plan into controls of the robot 's actuators .
One example of this sort of problem is parallel parking a car -- how can you compute a plan for entering or leaving a parking spot , given a knowledge of nearby obstacles ( other cars ) and the turning radius of your own car ?
In scientific computation such as the simulation of the airflow around a wing , one typically partitions the space around the wing into simple regions such as triangles ( as shown below ) , and uses some simple approximation ( such as a linear function ) for the flow in each region .
The computation of this approximation involves the numerical solution of differential equations and is outside the scope of this class .
But where do these triangles come from ?
Typically the actual input consists of a description of the wing 's outline , and some algorithm must construct the triangles from that input -- this is another example of a geometric computation .
For more descriptions of these and other applications of computational geometry , see my web site " Geometry in Action " .
Today 's lecture will describe algorithms for two simple geometric problems : determining whether a point is in a polygon , and finding convex hulls .
Next quarter I will be offering ICS 164 , a class devoted entirely to geometric algorithms , in which I 'll describe some more algorithms and applications , for instance the binary space partitions used by Doom .
Polygons
( 0,0 ) , ( 0,1 ) , ( 1,1 ) , ( 1,0 )
Not all sequences of points form a polygon ; for instance the points
( 0, -1 ) , ( 0,1 ) , ( 1,0 ) , ( 0, -1 )
Testing if a point is in a polygon
For uncomplicated enough polygons , it 's easy to see by eye which parts of the plane are inside and which are outside .
But this is not always easy .
For instance is the marked point inside the following polygon ?
Seemingly even more difficult , we 'd like to answer questions like this on a computer , which does n't have built into it the powerful visual processing system that we have , and can only deal with this sort of problem by translating it to a collection of numbers .
The general problem we'd like to solve is , given a point ( x , y ) ( represented by those two numbers ) and a polygon P ( represented by its sequence of vertices ) , is ( x , y ) in P , on the boundary , or outside ?
This is a commonly occurring problem , enough so that it is one of the most frequently asked questions on the comp.graphics.algorithms newsgroup .
For instance if you want to display a polygon on a computer screen , you need to be able to test whether each pixel of the screen corresponds to a point that 's inside or outside the polygon , so you can tell what color to draw it .
Fortunately the problem has a simple and elegant answer .
Just draw a ray ( portion of a line extending infinitely in one direction ) down ( or in any other direction ) from ( x , y ) :
Every time the polygon crosses this ray , it separates a part of the ray that 's inside the polygon from a part that 's outside .
Eventually the ray will get far from the polygon , at which point we know that that part is outside the polygon .
We can then work backwards from there , declaring different parts of the ray to be inside or outside alternately at each crossing .
Actually , we do n't even need to look at what order these crossings occur in ; all we really need to know is whether there 's an even or odd number of them .
In the example shown above , there are eight crossings , so the point is outside the polygon .
We can now write a rough outline of pseudo - code for this problem :
int crossings = 0 for ( each line segment of the polygon ) if ( ray down from ( x , y ) crosses segment ) crossings ++ ; if ( crossings is odd ) return ( inside ) ; else return ( outside ) ;
Details of the point - in - polygon routine
As we 'll see , we also need to be a little more careful : crossings can also occur at vertices of the polygon , and we have n't checked whether ( x , y ) sits exactly on the boundary .
First let 's see how to implement the steps of this pseudo - code .
How do we tell if the ray down from ( x , y ) crosses the segment between two points ( x1,y1 ) and ( x2,y2 ) ?
All points of the ray have the same first coordinate x .
If this is to be between ( x1,y1 ) and ( x2 , y2 ) then x should be between x1 and x2 ; either ( x1 < x and x < x2 ) or ( x1 > x and x >x2 ) .
We can write this more succinctly as ( x1 - x ) ( x2 - x ) < 0 but this might actually slower since it involves a high - precision multiplication .
Now suppose x is between x1 and x2 .
Where is the crossing point ?
Does it have a smaller second coordinate than y ?
One definition of the line determined by points ( x1,y1 ) and ( x2 , y2 ) is that it consists of all points of the form
(t x1 + ( 1 - t ) x2 , t y1 + ( 1-t ) y2 )
x = t x1 + ( 1 - t ) x2 t = ( x - x2 ) / ( x1 - x2 ) crossing = ( x , t y1 + ( 1- t ) y2 )
int crossings = 0 for ( int i = 0 ; i < n ; i++ ) if ( ( P ( i ) .x < x && x < P( i+1 ) .x ) || ( P( i ) .x > x && x > P( i+1 ) .x ) ) { t = ( x - P( i+1 ) .x ) / ( P( i ) .x - P( i+1 ) .x ) cy = t* P ( i ) .y + ( 1-t ) * P( i+1 ) .y if ( y == cy ) return ( on boundary ) else if ( y > cy ) crossings ++ ; } if ( crossings is odd ) return ( inside ) ; else return ( outside ) ;
int crossings = 0 for ( int i = 0 ; i < n ; i++ ) { if ( ( P ( i ) .x < x && x < P( i+1 ) .x ) || ( P( i ) .x > x && x > P( i+1 ) .x ) ) { t = ( x - P( i+1 ) .x ) / ( P( i ) .x - P( i+1 ) .x ) cy = t* P ( i ) .y + ( 1-t ) * P( i+1 ) .y if ( y == cy ) return ( on boundary ) else if ( y > cy ) crossings ++ ; } if ( ( P ( i ) . x == x && P ( i ) .y <= y ) { if ( P ( i ) .y == y ) return ( on boundary ) ; if ( P( i+1 ) . x == x ) { if ( ( P ( i ) .y <= y && y <= P( i+1 ) .y ) || ( P ( i ) .y >= y && y >= P ( i+1 ) .y ) ) return ( on boundary ) ; } else if ( P( i+1 ) .x > x ) crossings ++ ; if ( P( i - 1 ) .x > x ) crossings ++ ; } } if ( crossings is odd ) return ( inside ) ; else return ( outside ) ;
Points in convex polygons
Convex polygons are typically much easier to deal with than non-convex ones .
As an example , let 's see how to simplify the point - in - polygon test .
Let P( i ) be the leftmost point of the polygon , and P ( j ) be the rightmost point .
These two points divide the polygon into two parts , the upper chain and the lower chain .
Any line or ray crosses the polygon at most twice , and any vertical line or ray crosses each chain at most once .
So a lot of the work of the previous point - in - polygon algorithm is wasted -- we go through each segment checking whether it gives a crossing , but the answer will be yes in at most two cases .
How can we find these two cases more quickly ?
Binary search .
Just search for x in the first coordinates of points in the two chains .
If it is in the chain , you have found a crossing through a vertex ( and you do n't have to be as careful to tell what kind of crossing , either ) .
If x is not the coordinate of a vertex in the chain , the two nearest values to it tell you which segment the ray from ( x , y ) might cross .
So we can test whether a point is in a convex polygon in time O ( log n ) .
It turns out that there are data structures that can test whether a point is in an arbitrary polygon ( or which of several polygons it 's in ) in the same O ( log n ) time bound .
But they 're more complicated , so I do n't have time to describe them here ; I 'll talk about them at some point in ICS 164 .
Convex hulls
I 'll describe an algorithm for finding convex hulls known as the Graham scan .
The idea is a common one in computational geometry , known as an incremental algorithm : add items one at a time to some structure , maintaining as you do a partial solution for the items added so far .
The order in which items are added is often important ; the Graham scan adds points in sorted order from left to right ( by the values of their first coordinates ) .
So O( n log n ) time is needed for an initial sorting stage , or less time if you want to assume e.g. that the points ' coordinates are small integers .
The algorithm is easier to describe in terms of the upper and lower chains defined earlier .
I 'll describe how to compute the upper chain ; the lower chain is completely symmetric .
Because of the order in which we add points , the first point is always the left end of the upper chain , and the last point is always the right end .
The only question is , what happens in the middle ?
The figure below shows what happens when we add one new point to the upper chain .
We know it should be at the right end , so let 's try adding it after the previous rightmost point .
However , this might make an indentation at that previous point ; if so we remove the indentation from the chain , making it have one less edge .
We keep removing indentations one by one until there are none left , at which point we have the new chain .
This is easiest to implement if we maintain the chain using a stack data structure .
Each new point in the chain corresponds to a push in the stack , and removing an indentation corresponds to a pop .
Here is some pseudocode :
stack S = empty for each point ( x , y ) in sorted order by x { if ( x , y ) and top two points on S are indented pop S push ( x , y ) onto S }
The algorithm goes through O ( n ) iterations of the outer loop .
There is also an inner nested loop , but each iteration of the inner loop removes a point from the stack , and each point can only be removed once , so this happens O ( n ) times total .
Therefore the total time for the convex hull algorithm , after the initial sorting stage , is O ( n ) .
The overall algorithm takes time O( n log n ) because of the sorting step .
A similar process of shortcutting indentations also works for finding convex hulls of simple polygons .
Of course you could just sort the vertices of the polygon and apply Graham scan , but you can instead do the shortcutting process on the polygon itself .
It is possible for a shortcut to add a crossing between two edges , but these will always become untangled by later stages of the angles .
In this way , one can find convex hulls of simple polygons in linear time , without taking the time for a sorting stage .
The Voice of Freedom
May 12 , 2008
Editor ’s Note :
The following article was posted on May 7 , almost a week ago .
Since the article was posted , ICE and presumably DHS have raided Agriprocessors Inc. in Pottsville , Iowa , arresting around 700 people .
As the post below argues , this round - up is not about illegal immigration but rather is an exercise to test FEMA ’s processing procedures .
May 7 , 2008 – The Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) along with other government institutions are currently conducting an 8 - day anti-terror and disaster exercise from May 1st through May 8th called National Level Exercise 2-08 in the United States .
We recently covered this exercise in great detail using press releases from FEMA and U.S. Northern Command as source material .
Considering the historical precedent of the government running drills on the day of the 9/11 attacks as cover for the actual operation , this 8 - day long anti-terror and disaster exercise sparked some concern .
According to the press releases from both FEMA and U.S. Northern Command , drills are slated to take place in Oregon , Washington State and in the Washington DC or mid-Atlantic area .
With this in mind , it is incredibly strange to see reports from the Des Moines Register and the Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier indicating that a secretive FEMA exercise is taking place in Waterloo , Iowa .
According to these reports , the federal government has leased out the entire National Cattle Congress fairgrounds until May 25th for an exercise .
Early reports indicate that a large number of mobile home - size trailers and generators have been moved on to the residence and that both FEMA and the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) are involved in this exercise .
Considering the reported involvement of FEMA and ICE , the trailers and generators being moved in , as well as the secrecy around this particular exercise , this has all the hallmarks of a FEMA camp drill .
The purpose of ICE being involved appears to be to round up illegal aliens so they can test the efficiencies of their processing procedures .
Reports of the National Cattle Congress fairgrounds being leased out until May 25th by the federal government first appeared in the Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier ’s report .
According to their report , both large mobile home - size trailers and generators have appeared on the site .
In addition , one of the board members of the National Cattle Congress stated that it was his understanding that FEMA was involved .
An employee of ICE was also on site indicating that they must have some sort of involvement in what is happening .
The following blurb is taken from the Waterloo Cedar Falls Courier ’s report .
Normal operations on the National Cattle Congress fairgrounds have been suspended for most of May as the federal government has leased out virtually the entire facility for a training exercise , NCC general manager Doug Miller said Saturday .
Miller said he could release few details .
But activity on the NCC fairgrounds was apparent Saturday , as contractors installed massive generators adjacent to many buildings on the NCC fairgrounds and windows of many of the buildings were covered up , blocking views of any work going on inside .
A number of large mobile home - size trailers also have taken up residence on the site in the past several weeks .
Miller said the federal government is leasing the fairgrounds through May 25 under an agreement approved by the NCC board .
He and others close to NCC said no entity has leased out the entire fairgrounds for that long a period .
He said it is his understanding that access to the NCC fairgrounds will be restricted beginning Monday , except for next weekend ’s Cedar Falls High School prom at Electric Park Ballroom .
Miller said he has primarily been dealing with the U.S. General Services Administration on the arrangements , and that his physical facilities staff have been cooperating with federal officials on logistics and setup for the exercise .
Miller said that , other than GSA , he could not identify which agencies are involved in the exercise .
But an individual on site Saturday who identified himself as an employee of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement referred inquiries to ICE officials in Minneapolis , who could not immediately be reached Saturday .
Miller also was referring inquiries to federal officials in Cedar Rapids , and NCC board member Tunis Den Hartog said it was his understanding the Federal Emergency Management Agency was involved .
The secrecy around this drill and the lack of any formal press release or announcement by the federal government on what is happening is incredibly disturbing .
In fact , an ICE spokesman declined to comment on the drill and a news blackout has been imposed at the National Cattle Congress fairgrounds where all of this activity is taking place .
The following comes from the Des Moines Register ’s report .
Federal officials have imposed a news blackout at the National Cattle Congress fairgrounds in Waterloo , where they have leased almost the entire property through May 25 .
Tim Counts , a Midwest spokesman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , known as ICE , declined to say Monday whether an immigration raid is pending that would use the fairgrounds as a detention center .
" ICE never talks about our investigative activity or possible future enforcement actions , " Counts said .
" Regarding the exercise in Waterloo , there is currently no publicly releasable information about that , so we are n’t releasing any . "
He declined to say whether the " exercise " involves training or an immigration enforcement operation .
" We expect that at some point there will be additional information available , but I ca n’t speculate at what point that might be , " Counts said .
The fact that officials from the federal government are being very secretive about what ’s happening here indicates that they are doing something they know people are n’t going to like .
Even the state Governor has been left in the dark about what ’s happening .
Below is another blurb from the Des Moines Register ’s report .
Representatives of Gov. Chet Culver and U.S. Sens.
Tom Harkin and Charles Grassley said they had no information about what was happening at the Cattle Congress fairgrounds .
At Grassley ’s request , his staff called ICE officials on Monday .
" During the call , the ICE officials would neither confirm nor deny anything to Senator Grassley ’s staff , " said Beth Pellett Levine , a Grassley aide .
The apparent involvement of FEMA and ICE indicate that the purpose of this exercise is to test their FEMA camp deployment apparatus using the round up of illegal aliens as a test case .
Although there is no way of confirming that this is 100 % the case , if there are round - ups of illegal aliens in this general area during the next few weeks , it will be pretty obvious at that point .
Regardless of the goals or aims of this drill , there is no questioning the fact that the federal government does not want to stop illegal immigration .
The federal government is encouraging this problem so they can dissolve the borders between the three countries and form a North American Union between Canada , Mexico and the United States .
With all of the hysteria surrounding the phony war on terror , it is ridiculous that the border has not been sealed which shows that the open border policy with Mexico is supported by the Bush administration .
Since the vast majority of Americans want something done about the illegal alien problem , they will think that this is a great thing , but what they fail to realize is that these camps are not really for illegal aliens , they are for the average American .
Plans for government run concentration camps are well documented from Rex 84 , the Army ’s Civilian Inmate Labor Program and the KBR built detention facilities .
This looks like a continuation of this concentration camp agenda and considering that the government has refused to take real action to stop the illegal alien problem , why would they want to build a FEMA camp in the middle of Iowa to run a drill ?
The answer is simple , they are going to use the excuse of the illegal alien problem to setup the FEMA camp infrastructure which will be used to house the average Americans who protest what this corrupt and out of control government has been doing .
It is incredibly suspicious that the federal government would not openly announce this exercise and even go out of their way to ensure a media blackout of their activities .
There is little doubt that this is part of their agenda to setup a large scale FEMA camp apparatus in order to house large quantities of American citizens .
The Nazis used concentration camps to house and eventually exterminate the Jews and it is frightening to see that a similar infrastructure is now being set up in America .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
For weeks my wife has wanted me to buy her a good blender so she can consume raw fruits / vegetables in a smoothie consistency .
I bought her one for her birthday and she was so happy .
Yesterday , after she made her smoothie , I said kiddingly , " looks like < our 2 year old daughter 's > poop " .
While I have no problem drinking smoothies after I made this comment ( and I change plenty of diapers ) , she does .
She is very mad at me and she associates smoothies with our daughter 's poop and wants me to return the blender .
She said that she wo n't ever be able to drink another again because it totally grosses her out .
I feel really really bad about making the comment .
I had no bad intentions when I said it & I 've apologized to her a number of times but it has not fixed the problem .
How can she get the image out of her head so that she can continue to consume her healthy smoothies ?
Bad gums are linked to health problems
Gum disease , both in smokers and non-smokers , may be a warning sign of an increased risk of cancer .
Imperial College London researchers found gum disease was linked to a higher chance of lung , kidney , pancreatic and blood cancers .
Writing in Lancet Oncology , the team , who studied the health records of 50,000 men , said an immune system weakness could cause both illnesses .
The British Dental Association stressed the need for regular check - ups .
Gum disease might be a marker of a susceptible immune system or might directly affect cancer risk
Imperial College London researchers
The majority of Britons are said to suffer from some sort of gum disease , caused by a persistent bacterial infection , and the problem is more common in people who smoke .
However , the latest research suggests that , even in those who have never smoked , the presence of gum disease means a bigger risk of cancer .
The Imperial College team analysed questionnaires and health information provided by US men from 1986 onwards .
They found that those with a history of gum disease had a 14 % higher chance of cancer compared with those with no history of gum disease .
There was a third increase in the risk of lung cancer , almost a 50 % rise in the chance of kidney cancer , and a similar rise in pancreatic cancer .
Blood cell cancers such as leukaemia rose by 30 % among men with gum disease .
While there was no rise in lung cancer chances among those with gum disease who had never smoked , there was a slightly higher increase in the overall risk of any cancer , and a similar rise in the rate of blood cancers .
Inflammation
There are a number of theories as to why the presence of gum disease might be linked to other illnesses .
People with gum infections have been found to have chemical signs that the inflammation there may be mirrored in other parts of the body - there have also been suggestions that bacteria linked to gum disease could cause problems elsewhere .
The researchers , led by Dr Dominique Michaud , said that the increase in blood cancers pointed to an immune system link .
They suggested that the persistent presence of gum disease might be a sign of weakness in the immune system which could also allow cancer to develop .
" These findings might represent a commonality in the immune function and response to inflammation , which results in susceptibility to both periodontal disease and haematological cancers . "
However , they said it was also possible that long - lasting gum disease could trigger changes in the immune response which helped cancer thrive , or that the bacteria from the gum could be directly causing the cancer in the tissues of mouth or throat when swallowed .
Dental help
However , they stopped short of saying that people with the problem should seek medical , rather than dental , help .
" At this point , we feel that any recommendations for prevention of cancer based on these findings are premature ; patients with periodontal diseases should seek care from their dentists irrespective of the effect on cancer . "
A spokesman for the British Dental Association said that while dentists were trained to spot cancers in the mouth , they were becoming increasingly aware of the implications of gum disease for overall health , and were prepared to refer patients on in cases of unexpectedly serious gum disease in otherwise healthy patients .
He said : " The first thing to remember is that gum disease can be treated and prevented .
" We should really be encouraging people to visit their dentist frequently , although many people do have trouble finding an NHS dentist .
" Dentists are health professionals , and are trained to recognise situations where patients may need additional help . "
Dr Philip Preshaw , a senior lecturer in Periodontology at Newcastle University , said that the small increases in risk recorded by the study were not proof of a link .
" You are trying to look at the impact of a chronic disease over many years - it is very difficult to adjust for the effects of lifestyle over that period .
" I do n't think there is any other convincing evidence for this . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The method used is the same for each type of myriahedral projection : Project the globe on a myriahedron Label the edges as cuts or folds
Unfold the globe A myriahedron is a polyhedron with a very large number of faces .
For this reason , we call the results myriahedral projections .
In step 2 and 3 , this myriahedron is cut open and unfolded .
The resulting maps have a large number of interrupts , but are ( almost ) conformal and conserve areas .
Examples
Now , dependent on which mesh is used and which strategy for labeling the edges , different maps are obtained .
First , one can cut along parallels or meridians .
We call these graticular projections , since they are based on the graticule .
The resulting images resemble familiar map projections .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
They say time heals all wounds .
For investors around the world , they hope that time has arrived .
On the back of massive government intervention and JP Morgan 's JPM , - 0.84 % federally orchestrated takeover of Bear Stearns BSC , - 10.00 % -- not to mention the 1,000 - point rally off the lows -- the question everyone wants to know is whether the worst is behind us .
See related column
Is the incessant supply that dominated the last six months simply taking a breather or will we look back at March , much as we did in 2003 , wishing we had the wisdom to identify the classic signs of a meaningful bottom ?
See Minyanville item
It 's within the probability spectrum that we 've turned the corner and the market will climb the wall of worry .
To truly appreciate that potential reward , however , we must understand the magnitude of the attendant risk .
In our never - ending effort to provoke thought and provide smiles , we offer 35 reasons why the March lows were an excellent trading opportunity but not the ultimate bottom .
Resistance at S&P 500 SPX , - 0.48 % 1,405 and Dow Jones Industrial average DJIA , - 0.47 % 12,800 ( along with an incessant pattern of lower highs across sector indices ) remains in place .
While sideways action above support is " basing , " similar action under resistance is " churning . "
1,405 and Dow Jones Industrial average DJIA , 12,800 ( along with an incessant pattern of lower highs across sector indices ) remains in place .
While sideways action above support is " basing , " similar action under resistance is " churning . "
Remember how many pundits called a bottom in tech all the way down the slippery slope ?
Ultimate lows occur when people stop trying to catch the cusp and sell positions as a function of frustration .
Maltese dogs are still favored over Rottweilers by the elite Park Avenue crowd .
Ben Bernanke continues to insist we 're not in a recession .
Admitting you have a problem is the first step toward solving it .
Hank Paulson has yet to melt a reporter 's face with his cold , hard stare .
The International Monetary Fund told us last week that this is the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression .
Nobody held a benefit for the second - homeless yet .
We never saw true capitulation through the lens of denial , migration and panic .
See related column
$ 500 trillion in derivatives ties the global machination together , which is why the Bear Stearns bankruptcy would have led to " financial Armageddon . "
Given the interdependency of financial assets in our finance - based economy , how can we intelligently assume that it was a " one time event ? "
Jimmy Cayne can still afford Twinkies and Skittles .
We just had the biggest non -farm payroll decline in five years and the size of the unemployment rate increase , from 4.8 % to 5.1 % , never occurred in post - war history without the economy being in the throes of a recession .
Homebuilders have yet to offer two - for - one deals .
Fannie Mae FNM , +0.85 % and Freddie Mac FRE , - 0.64 % have yet to be nationalized .
and Freddie Mac FRE , have yet to be nationalized .
Franklin Raines is still collecting $ 1 million a year to play golf .
The S&P declined 32 % during the 10 post - war recessions and the latest lethargy only measured 19 % from the October highs to the March sighs .
While rallies typically begin when recessions are at their midpoint , how can we assume that we 're in a shallow recession given the magnitude of debt and the underpinnings of derivatives ?
Merrill Lynch MER , +27.69 % employees have yet to tape Susan B . Anthony coins to the windows of their corporate offices .
employees have yet to tape Susan B . Anthony coins to the windows of their corporate offices .
The financials historically bottom below book value .
On the March lows , the S&P 500 financials had a valuation of about 1.3 times book .
Angelo Mozilo still has a tan .
During the 1989-1991 recession , approximately 25 % of their financial universe disappeared .
The tally for this recession is less than 7 % .
You can tell someone at a cocktail party that you work in finance and they wo n't grunt and walk away .
Few banks have incurred the kind of provisioning charges that go along with a mild recession , let alone a full - blown credit crisis .
Alan Greenspan is still getting paid to speak .
If the market can't rally with a weaker dollar , what 's it going to do when the greenback rallies ?
See related column
Due to the liquidity injection by the Federal Reserve , the largest firms are still growing and risk is being concentrated into fewer and fewer hands .
Bernanke has n't broken into tears on Capitol Hill during congressional testimony .
ETF 's have n't launched on Fool 's Gold or Cubic zirconia .
President Bush has n't held a press conference to declare that we 've won the war against foreclosures .
BusinessWeek has n't predicted a depression .
I gave my broker an order to buy the bottom and I 'm still waiting for a fill .
China has n't bought the Chrysler Building .
January was down more than 5 % , and only once in history has that happened when the low for the year occurred in the first quarter .
The level of the debt in the system -- even though the IMF approximates close to $ 1 trillion will be written off by financial institutions -- is unsustainably high relative to the declining economic activity .
Traders are buying upside calls like they 're going out of style .
You 're still reading this .
To be sure , the combination of massive fiscal and monetary stimuli -- along with monstrous intervention -- could be enough to shift the benefit of the doubt from " A " bottom to " THE " bottom in a normalized marketplace .
The trillion - dollar question , quite literally , is whether we 're indeed living in traditional times .
See related column
I remain of the view that this is the most significant stretch in the history of the financial markets and when our grandchildren study this period , they 'll do so with a sense of nostalgic lament .
It 's up to us to decide the particulars of that perspective and our relative standing in the grand scheme of tomorrow 's dreams .
Back when Windows Vista was still known as Windows Longhorn , the operating system contained a very interesting and promising feature , a feature promoted as one of the ‘ pillars ’ of Longhorn : WinFS .
WinFS was a storage subsystem for Windows , based on a relational database , that could contain whatever data you wanted to put in it .
Thanks to the relational properties of the database , you could then create relationships between data , or let the computer do that for you .
WinFS would allow programmers to do all sorts of wild and radical things with data in their applications , and back in 2003 , during the Professional Developers Conference , Microsoft showed a video demonstrating what could possibly be done with WinFS .
This video , called IWish [ .wmv ] , can still be downloaded from Microsoft ’s website .
Sadly , the video only showed what you could do with WinFS in the future , because the version of WinFS that shipped with the Longhorn test releases back then was , well , disturbingly not useful .
It did not do a whole lot of useful stuff back then , and to make matters worse , it was the world ’s worst resource hog ever .
Disabling WinFS would turn your Longhorn build from a crippled snail into a fairly usable operating system – testament to its yet unoptimised nature .
We all know what happened to WinFS after its audience - woowing days of 2003 .
It was first slated for release after the final release of Windows Vista , as an add - on , but later on , in 2006 , it was cancelled altogether .
Parts of WinFS ended up in Microsoft SQL Server and ADO .
Net , but it would no longer be delivered as a stand - alone product or a Windows component .
Since then , we have n’t heard a whole lot on whatever happened to WinFS and its associated technologies – that is , until a few days ago .
Jon Udell has published an interview with Quentin Clark , who led the WinFS team from 2002 until 2006 , when he joined the SQL Server team as a general manager .
One of the burning questions that rang through forums everywhere was whether WinFS was a filesystem or not .
Clark explains that it depends on your viewpoint :
People would often ask me if WinFS was a file system , and I ’d struggle with the answer to that , because , well , you know , from a certain standpoint the answer is yes .
The stuff I saw in the shell , was it in the WinFS filesystem ?
Well , OK .
But there are no streams inside the database .
So from a user perspective , those files were “ in ” the filesystem .
But from an API perspective it was more nuanced than that .
I could still use the Win32 APIs , get some file , open it , and from that point forward the semantics were exactly like NTFS .
Because it was NTFS at that point .
Clark explains that you can look at SQL Server 2008 , ADO.NET , and VS 2008 SP1 today and trace its lineage right back to WinFS .
The schemas of WinFS and the required technology , which were used to store properties of objects , were shelved , because they are not needed any more .
The WinFS APIs are now part of ADO .
Net as the entity framework .
Finally , “ What ’s getting delivered as part of VS 2008 SP1 is an expression of that , which allows you to describe your business objects in an abstract way , using a fairly generalized entity / relationship model . ”
Clark details a whole set of new features and ideas that try to marry the database world with the filesystem world , and how they are trying to do this in a step - by - step fashion .
According to Clark , this is exactly what lacked during the Longhorn days of WinFS .
“ That ’s kind of where we got tripped up in the Longhorn cycle .
We were building too much of the house at once .
We had guys working on the roof while we were still pouring concrete for the foundation . ”
Clark remains hopeful about the future of integrated storage .
“ But I do at some point want to see that place in my heart fulfilled around the shared data ecosystem for users , because I believe the power of that is enormous , ” he explains , “ I think we ’ll get there .
But for now we ’ll let the concrete dry , and get the framing in place , and then we ’ll see how the rest of the house shapes up . ”
WASHINGTON , Dec. 7  White House and Justice Department officials , along with senior members of Congress , advised the Central Intelligence Agency in 2003 against a plan to destroy hundreds of hours of videotapes showing the interrogations of two operatives of Al Qaeda , government officials said Friday .
The chief of the agency ’s clandestine service nevertheless ordered their destruction in November 2005 , taking the step without notifying even the C.I.A.’s own top lawyer , John A. Rizzo , who was angry at the decision , the officials said .
The disclosures provide new details about what Gen. Michael V. Hayden , the C.I.A. director , has said was a decision “ made within C.I.A. itself ” to destroy the videotapes .
In interviews , members of Congress and former intelligence officials also questioned some aspects of the account General Hayden provided Thursday about when Congress was notified that the tapes had been destroyed .
Current and former intelligence officials say the videotapes showed severe interrogation techniques used on two Qaeda operatives , Abu Zubaydah and Abd al - Rahim al - Nashiri , who were among the first three terror suspects to be detained and interrogated by the C.I.A. in secret prisons after the Sept. 11 attacks .
Three people in the US identified the Interpol suspect A man suspected of sexually abusing boys in South East Asia has appeared before a US court just hours after his arrest in the state of New Jersey .
Police arrested Wayne Nelson Corliss two days after Interpol released his picture appealing for public help in identifying the suspected paedophile .
Police in Norway had found images which allegedly show him abusing at least three boys aged six to 10 .
Three people in the US identified Mr Corliss to Interpol as the suspect .
The 58 - year - old is an actor who played Santa Claus and painted children 's faces , the manager of the apartment building where he lived told the Associated Press news agency .
He was arrested at his home in Union City , New Jersey , and charged with producing and distributing child pornography , officials said .
At his hearing on Thursday , Assistant US Attorney Lee Vartan said Mr Corliss had told the customs agents who arrested him that he had had sex with three boys over three nights in Thailand in 2002 .
" He described it as ' euphoria ' to the agents , " Mr Vartan added .
Rare public appeal Interpol said its unusual public appeal had led to more than 200 leads in the first 24 hours .
Computer technology revealed the face of another suspect known as Mr Swirl " The arrest of the suspected child sex abuser ... came about as a result of independent tips provided via the internet to Interpol 's headquarters in Lyon by three individuals living in the United States , " Interpol said .
" Two days ago , this man 's nationality , identity and location were totally unknown , " said Interpol Secretary General Ronald K Noble .
" All we had to go by were a series of graphic photographs in which the suspect was seen sexually abusing young children " .
Police first became aware of the suspect two years ago from photos of him found on the computer hard - drive of a man arrested in Norway and later convicted on paedophilia - related charges , Interpol said .
The pictures showed a grey - haired white man wearing glasses with no attempt to hide his features .
The photos were checked against Interpol 's vast database of child abuse images but he could not be identified , so Interpol published the pictures on their website .
It is only the second time Interpol has appealed to the public for help in hunting for a paedophile .
Last October Interpol released pictures of a suspected paedophile , dubbed Mr Swirl , who had disguised his face on the internet using a digital technique .
The image was unscrambled and soon after a 32 - year - old Canadian ex-teacher , Christopher Neil , was arrested .
He is due to go on trial in Thailand in June .
' Santa Claus ' Mr Corliss was described by Raven Squire , the superintendent of the apartment building where he lived , as a stable man who always paid his rent on time .
Judy Stone , a neighbour who worked with him as an entertainer , said he was " the best Santa Claus anyone has ever seen " .
" I 've never seen him act in a way that was creepy or predatory toward children , " she added .
Customs agents found about 1,000 images of child pornography on computer hard drives in the apartment , Assistant US Attorney Lee Vartan said .
They also found several pairs of boys ' underwear , including one that Mr Corliss said he had brought back from Thailand as a souvenir , the prosecutor added .
Mr Corliss was not asked to enter a plea at his hearing .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Click on image for full cartoon at the WaPo site .
Here is a simplistic cartoon from the WaPo showing how leverage can boost returns - and can also lead to disaster .
How Debt Bites Back ( hat tip David ) .
This cartoon shows leverage of 30 to 1 ; I think 14 to 1 is more typical .
Using the other numbers in the cartoon , 14 to 1 leverage would result in 36 % return from the hedge fund when all is going well ( before the hedge fund manager 's cut ) .
And of course a 36 % return will attract more investors , and allow the hedge fund to borrow more money ( with the same leverage ) - and pay the hedge fund manager larger fees .
As the cartoon points out , because of the credit issues , this ends up being a losing strategy for investors - but the cartoon misses the final point - this is still a winning strategy for the hedge fund manager !
Back in 2005 , Professor Hamilton wrote : Hedge fund risk
Psst -- want to earn a 41 % annual return over a decade ?
Then read on .
... let me tell you about [ a ] fund ... called CDP , which was described by MIT Professor Andrew Lo in an article published in Financial Analysts Journal in 2001 .
1992 -1999 was a good time to be in stocks -- a strategy of buying and holding the S&P 500 would have earned you a 16 % annual return , with $ 100 million invested in 1992 growing to $ 367 million by 1999 .
As nice as this was , it pales in comparison to CDP 's strategy , which would have turned $ 100 million into $ 2.7 billion , a 41 % annual compounded return , with a positive return in every single year .
Want to learn more ?
CDP stands for " Capital Decimation Partners " , a hypothetical fund created by Professor Lo in order to illustrate the potential difficulty in evaluating a fund 's risk if all you had to go on was a decade of stellar returns .
The strategy whereby CDP would have amassed a hypothetical fortune was amazingly simple -- it simply sold put options on the S&P 500 stock index ( SPX ) .
Buying put options is a way that an investor can buy insurance against the possibility of a big loss .
For example , the S&P 500 index is currently valued around 1250 .
You can buy an option ( the 1150 March 2006 put ) that will pay you $ 100 for every point that the S&P is below 1150 on a specified date in March .
Such an insurance policy would today cost you about $ 750 .
If you 've bought enough puts to balance the equity you have invested long , you have nothing to fear if the market goes below 1150 , because every dollar you lose on your main holdings you can gain back from your put option .
But what about the person who sold you that put ?
They have now assumed all of your downside risk .
Lo's Capital Decimation Partners would use its capital to meet the margin requirements ( which guarantee to the exchange that CDP could in fact make the payments to the buyer of the put ) , and roll over the proceeds to make even bigger bets .
Essentially it was thus using leverage to turn the relatively small proceeds from selling these puts into a huge return on the capital invested .
Of course , if you play that game long enough , eventually the market will make a big enough move against you that your capital used to meet margin requirements gets completely wiped out , giving you a long - run guaranteed return on your investment of - 100 % .
But over the 1992 - 99 period , Lo 's hypothetical fund dodged that bullet and ended up turning in a whopping performance .
Lo gives a variety of other examples of funds that could go for a long period with very high returns and yet entail enormous risks .
They all have this feature of pursuing investments that have a high probability of a modest return and a very small probability of a huge loss .
By leveraging such investments , one can achieve a very impressive record as long as that low probability disastrous event does not occur .
And when the hedge fund does go under ( the low probability event occurs ) , no one asks the hedge fund manager to return their fees .
A short term winning strategy , with " a long - run guaranteed return on investment of - 100 % " , is still a potential winning strategy for a hedge fund manager .
Major League Baseball is planning on making life a bit more difficult for online outlets for the upcoming season .
MLB has informed news organizations that it will limit the amount of photos , audio , and video they are allowed to post , much like the National Football League did prior to the 2007 season .
Here 's how the new restrictions will shake out .
Online outlets will be able to post no more than seven photographs from any games and will not be allowed to create any sort of photo gallery from those images .
Audio and video will be limited to a scant two minutes each and cannot be streamed live , and the only sites allowed to post any highlight footage will be those that have inked deals with MLB Advanced Media , which is responsible for all of MLB 's online properties .
Non -text content , be it images , audio , or video created in a Major League ballpark , can only stay online for 72 hours .
Pat Courtney , MLB VP of public relations , defended the new policy .
" It was kind of a wild west situation before , " Courtney told the Sports Business Journal .
" We 're trying to define and clarify the issues and come up with some basic rules in which everybody can do their job . "
One of the issues Courtney is referring to is how to keep the tightest control over online content , which is handled by MLB Advanced Media .
The major leagues have been at the forefront of the pro sports leagues in the US when it comes to posting and streaming content .
Fans are able to watch every televised game via the $ 14.95 per month ( $ 89.95 per season ) MLB .
TV basic package .
MLB .TV Premium has an enhanced picture and allows subscribers to watch up to six games at the same time for an additional $ 5 per month .
Some subscribers were upset with MLB .TV last spring when the leagues announced that the webcasts would contain commercials .
After paying as much as $ 19.95 per month to watch the games online , they believed it was unfair that they were also forced to watch ads .
There 's a line between exerting control over your properties and alienating fans and reporters .
Unfortunately , restrictions like those planned by the MLB are becoming all too common as sports leagues attempt to monetize every last bit of their properties .
News organizations have been critical of such moves , such as the International Rugby Board 's draconian reporting restrictions ( the IRB wanted to limit match photos to only five per half while holding on to their rights in perpetuity ) during the 2007 Rugby World Cup .
After being pilloried by the media and threatened with a coverage boycott , the IRB relented .
Similarly , the Associated Press is trying to convince MLB to loosen its new policies , but recent trends in professional sports coverage indicate that the AP is fighting an uphill battle .
Further reading
Her family , including six brothers and sisters , struggled to survive on rations from the commune where they lived , eating little protein .
The occasional pigs they raised on rice stalks and mush “ fattened very slowly , ” Ms. Nha recalled .
But with market reforms , better seeds and increased fertilizer use , Vietnam ’s rice yields per acre have doubled and corn yields have tripled , allowing farmers to fatten a growing herd of livestock .
Several times a season , Ms. Nha and her neighbors walk down their rows of corn with battered metal buckets full of chemical fertilizer , which looks like coarse gray sand , sprinkling a bit at the base of each plant .
Ms. Nha ’s husband , Le Van Son , remembers villagers ’ amazement in the 1990s when they learned that a pound of chemical fertilizer contained more of the major nutrients than 100 pounds of manure .
Overall global consumption of fertilizer increased by an estimated 31 percent from 1996 to 2008 , driven by a 56 percent increase in developing countries , according to the International Fertilizer Industry Association .
“ Markets are asking farmers to step on the accelerator , ” said Michael R. Rahm , vice president for market analysis and strategic planning at Mosaic , a fertilizer producer in Plymouth , Minn .
“ They ’ve pressed on it , but the market has told them to step on it harder . ”
Fertilizer is plant food , a combination of nutrients added to soil to help plants grow .
The three most important are nitrogen , phosphorus and potassium .
The latter two have long been available .
But nitrogen in a form that plants can absorb is scarce , and the lack of it led to low crop yields for centuries .
That limitation ended in the early 20th century with the invention of a procedure , now primarily fueled by natural gas , that draws chemically inert nitrogen from the air and converts it into a usable form .
Professor William Beeman at the University of Minnesota passed along a note today from " a colleague with a U.S. security clearance " about the mysterious Syrian site targeted in a Sept. 6 Israeli airstrike .
The note raises more questions about the evidence shown last week by U.S. intelligence officials to lawmakers in the House and Senate .
The author of the note pinpoints irregularities about the photographs .
Beeman 's source alleges that the CIA " enhanced " some of the images .
For example he cites this image :
The lower part of the building , the annex , and the windows pointing south appear much sharper than the rest of the photo , suggesting that they were digitally improved .
The author points to more questions about the photographs of the Syrian site .
There ’s some confusion as to what the RAW photo format actually is , and , like any good photographic fact , it can incite forum flame wars as quickly as the mention of the words Leica and Bokeh in the same sentence .
Although it comes in various flavors – seemingly one for every different camera model – RAW is essentially the raw data from the camera ’s sensor , hence the name .
If your camera has a RAW setting , you should be using it , no excuses .
Here ’s why .
Dynamic Range
Dynamic range is the difference between the lightest and darkest parts of a scene .
Unless the lighting is very flat ( lacking in contrast ) , your camera ’s sensor will only capture a subset of that range .
A RAW file , which contains all the data from the sensor , will give a dynamic range of around eight stops .
A JPEG will will give you a couple of stops less , which usually translates to blown out , or over - exposed highlights and loss of details in the shadows .
So , while you still need to be careful with exposure , RAW will record the maximum information available to you .
Also , the histograms displayed on most cameras are based on a JPEG preview ( even when you are shooting RAW ) .
So a histogram that shows your picture as overexposed ( the graph is pushed up against the right - hand side ) might still have some detail left .
No In - Camera Processing
One drawback of RAW is that you can get flat - looking previews on both the camera ’s LCD screen and when you load up your images into editing software .
This is because , unlike JPEGs , the camera is doing no processing to the file ; no sharpening , no fancy tricks to boost the colors , no nothing .
All of the important decisions are left to you to apply later , on a big screen with a much more powerful computer than the one in the camera .
To get the maximum data from a scene , common advice says that you should expose for the highlights , just like with slide film back in the day .
Once the highlights have blown , there ’s no getting them back .
With the shadows , however , you can often pull details out of the murk .
The flat looking preview will show you just what you captured .
It might not be pretty now , but you are shooting to record the maximum information .
Adjust later
Next to capturing the maximum info from the sensor , the best thing about RAW is the post processing that can be done .
Because the camera does n’t bake any of its settings into the image , you have a clean slate on which to work .
Using non-destructive editing software like Apple ’s Aperture or Adobe ’s Lightroom , you can make endless adjustments to the exposure , white balance , contrast and just about anything else you could do in a real darkroom and change your mind later .
These programs never touch the original RAW file ; they keep a small text file ( just a few kilobytes in size ) which contains the adjustments you have made .
Each time you look at the photo , these settings are re-applied in real time ( although usually there is a preview to keep things quick ) .
Even cropping , dust spotting and sharpening can be undone , years later , with the original file unaffected .
The ( Few ) Disadvantages
As you ’d expect , there are some disadvantages .
RAW capture is slower .
Hold down the shutter release of a DSLR and it will happily shoot jpegs until the memory card is full , barely slowing down .
Try that with RAW and even pricey cameras will slow to a crawl .
Also , RAW files are bigger .
That , though , is a poor excuse .
Hard drives are cheap , and getting bigger all the time .
Of course , some cameras do n’t let you shoot RAW files .
The manufacturers want you to buy a more expensive camera .
If you own a Canon , though , you might be in luck .
The CHDK ( Canon Hacker 's Development Kit ) will let you install hacked firmware onto some models , adding RAW capture amongst other goodies .
So if your camera has a RAW setting , go switch it on now .
The advantages far outweigh the small drawbacks , and it is the only way to be sure you are getting all you can from your camera .
A RAW file is n’t called a digital negative for nothing .
[ Tim Lee ]
Hi , my name 's Tim Lee and I 'm one of those think tank people Megan warned you about .
I 'd like to thank her for letting me share her soapbox for the week .
You can learn more about me at the link above .
Today the Libertarian Party nominated Bob Barr as its presidential standard - bearer for 2008 .
I 've got a love - hate relationship with the Libertarian Party .
As a small - L libertarian , I typically find the major party options to be wretched , and this year 's options are especially bad .
So it will be nice to have someone on the ticket who I can be reasonably sure will mostly take positions I generally agree with .
Unfortunately , the LP has a knack for picking candidates who are not just uninspiring , but often acutely embarrassing .
The 2004 candidate , Michael Badnarik , was a low point .
As I wrote at the time , despite billing himself as a " constitutional scholar , " he was completely clueless about American government .
His speeches and interviews were chock full of assertions that could have been corrected with 30 seconds of fact - checking , and his overall message was that of a paranoid , government - hating crank .
And because presidential elections are virtually the only time a lot of people pay attention to politics , a lot of people wind up associating libertarianism , the ideology , with whomever the LP chooses to nominate every four years .
And since the LP 's candidates are often clueless , politically tone - deaf , or otherwise unappealing , small - L libertarians get stuck trying to explain that , no , most libertarians are n't for legalizing child pornography , and no , not all of us have turned our skin blue by drinking a " homemade antibiotic laced with silver . "
Bob Barr is n't in the same category .
He understands the basics of public policy and appears able to get through an interview without embarrassing himself .
However , he seems to have a whole different category of baggage : questions about whether he 's actually a libertarian .
During his tenure in Congress , Barr showed few libertarian tendencies , voting for the Defense of Marriage Act , opposing medical marijuana , and signing on to the Patriot Act .
I saw him speak here in Missouri last year and he gave a pretty convincing Road to Damascus speech , but libertarians are justifiably suspicious .
Personally , I 'm doubly wary of supporting the guy after the Ron Paul fiasco .
Like Will Wilkinson , I gave money to Paul in 2007 , before I learned of his continuing association with the bigots who sent out racist newsletters under Paul 's name .
In retrospect , Paul 's anti-immigration rhetoric and his tendency toward conspiracy theories ( " Wall Street bankers " are a staple villain in his stump speeches ) should have been red flags that temperamentally , Paul was more a conservative nationalist than a libertarian even if he happened to have reached libertarian conclusions on a lot of policy issues .
The issue section of Barr 's campaign website makes me nervous that we 're in for a repeat of that fiasco .
It 's incredibly thin — a dozen or so bullet points in total — and one of the four categories is " secure our borders , " which suggests Barr may harbor the same kind of borderline xenophobia that has infected both the Paul campaign and much of the modern conservative movement .
That 's not the impression I want voters to get of libertarianism .
Ultimately , I wish the LP would just go away .
The structure of American elections dooms third parties to perpetual failure and obscurity , and that , in turn , creates a vicious cycle where the most talented activists and potential candidates go elsewhere , causing the party to be even more out of touch and politically tone - deaf in the next election .
But given that the party is going to nominate somebody , Barr was probably the best choice .
He 's a reasonably credible candidate , he 's got decent media skills , and so far , at least , I have n't seen him take any positions that I strongly disagree with ( since his road - to - damascus conversion in 2006 , anyway ) .
But I do n't plan to support his candidacy because while he may be the least - bad option on this November 's ballot , he certainly is n't the kind of person I want associated with libertarianism .
And every vote he gets will mean more visibility for the embarrassing candidate the party is likely to nominate in 2012 .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The outspoken film - maker Michael Moore endorsed Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination on the eve of the Pennsylvania primary tomorrow , accusing Hillary Clinton of cynically trying to inject race into the contest .
In an angry posting on his website , Moore said he had intended to stay neutral in the Democratic contest but was led to speak out after last week 's debate in Philadelphia when Obama was questioned about his pastor , the Reverend Jeremiah Wright .
Moore , who became famous for his cinematic rants against the gun industry , the Bush administration , and the US health care system , said he was disgusted when Clinton followed up on the moderators ' line of questioning to Obama by mentioning Wright 's contacts with the Nation of Islam leader , Louis Farrakhan .
The remarks , said Moore , were the final straw .
" I 've watched Senator Clinton and her husband play this game of appealing to the worst side of white people , but last Wednesday , when she hurled the name " Farrakhan " out of nowhere , well that 's when the silly season came to an early end for me .
She said the " F " word to scare white people , pure and simple . "
He goes on to even stronger language against Clinton .
" Yes , Senator Clinton , that 's how you sounded .
Like you were nuts .
Like you were a bigot stoking the fires of stupidity . "
The endorsement for Obama marks a turnaround for Moore who has been critical of the Democratic frontrunner on his website -- even while lauding the historic nature of his candidacy .
Moore has criticised Obama for taking money from the health industry .
Meanwhile , Obama 's economic adviser , Austan Goolsbee , has taken issue with Moore 's prescriptions for fixing the US health care system .
It 's unclear how much weight Moore 's endorsement will carry in Pennsylvania .
Moore lives in Michigan , whose unsanctioned primary will not count towards the Democratic nomination .
He is also viewed with suspicion by some Democrats for supporting the third party candidacy of Ralph Nader in 2000 , which helped cost Al Gore the presidency .
Moore is also somewhat grudging in bestowing his approval on Obama -- or any Democratic candidate .
" My endorsement is more for Obama The Movement than it is for Obama the candidate , " he writes .
He goes on to take a swipe at the Democrats as a " nicer version " of a party that exists to do the bidding of corporate America .
www.globalresearch.ca
Centre for Research on Globalisation Centre de recherche sur la mondialisation
Tom Ridge 's Mea Culpa : The Code Orange Terror Alerts were based on Fake Intelligence by Michel Chossudovsky www.globalresearch.ca 12 May 2005
The URL of this article is : http://globalresearch.ca/articles/505A.html
" If we simply go to red ... it basically shuts down the country , " ( Tom Ridge ) [ meaning that civilian government bodies would be closed down and taken over by an Emergency Administration . ]
" What a lot of Americans suspected all along turns out to be true .
The color - coded alert system for terrorist attacks was a fraud . "
( www.North.Jersey.com )
Mea Culpa
After leaving his position at Homeland Security , Tom Ridge acknowledged that the post 9/11 terror alerts were often based on " flimsy evidence " and that he had been pressured by the CIA to raise the threat level :
The Bush administration periodically put the USA on high alert for terrorist attacks even though then - Homeland Security chief Tom Ridge argued there was only flimsy evidence to justify raising the threat level …
Ridge [ said ] .he often disagreed with administration officials who wanted to elevate the threat level to orange , or " high " risk of terrorist attack , but was overruled .
" More often than not we were the least inclined to raise it …Sometimes we disagreed with the intelligence assessment .
Sometimes we thought even if the intelligence was good , you do n't necessarily put the country on ( alert ) .
...
There were times when some people were really aggressive about raising it , and we said , ' For that ? ' " ( USA Today , 10 May 2005 )
A review of the three high profile code orange terror alerts confirms in all three cases that the intelligence had been fabricated .
1 . February 7 , 2003 , Two days after Colin Powell 's Feb 5 presentation to the UN Security Council , in the month prior to the invasion of Iraq , 2 . December 21 , Christmas 2003 July 29th 2004 , on the same day as John Kerry 's acceptance speech at the Democratic Convention .
The code orange alert served to galvanize US public opinion in favor of Bush 's " war on terrorism " in the months leading up to the November 2004 elections .
In all three cases , Tom Ridge 's warnings on the nature of the threat were categorical .
The official announcements by the Homeland Security Department had dispelled any lingering doubts regarding the threat level : " the risk [ during the Christmas period ] is perhaps greater now than at any point since September 11 , 2001 ; " " indications that [ the ] near - term attacks ... will either rival or exceed the [ 9/11 ] attacks " .
" And it 's pretty clear that the nation 's capital and New York city would be on any list ... "
Compare these pronouncements to Ridge 's May 10 statement where he admits that the evidence was flimsy .
1. The February 7 , 2003 Code Orange Alert
An Orange Code Alert had been ordered on 7 February 2003 , two days after Colin Powell 's flopped presentation on Iraq 's alleged weapons of mass destruction to the UN Security Council .
It was applied specifically to galvanize US public opinion in favor of the invasion of Iraq .
Media attention was immediately shifted from Colin Powell 's blunders at the UN Security Council to an ( alleged ) impending terrorist attack on America .
Anti-aircraft missiles were immediately deployed around Washington .
The media became inundated with stories on Iraqi support to an impending Al Qaeda attack on America .
The objective was to present Iraq as the aggressor .
According to the New York Post , ( 11 February 2003 ) : " The nation is now on Orange Alert because intelligence intercepts and simple logic both suggest that our Islamic enemies know the best way to strike at us is through terrorism on U.S. soil . "
Another story allegedly emanating from the CIA on so - called ‘ radioactive dirty bombs had been planted in the news chain .
4 Secretary Powell warned that " it would be easy for terrorists to cook up radioactive ‘ dirty ’ bombs to explode inside the U.S. …
‘ How likely it is , I can't say ...
But I think it is wise for us to at least let the American people know of this possibility . ’ "
5 Meanwhile , network TV had warned that " American hotels , shopping malls or apartment buildings could be al Qaeda 's targets as soon as next week … "
The hidden agenda in the weeks leading up to the invasion of Iraq was to link Baghdad to Al Qaeda , muster unbending support for President Bush and weaken the anti-war protest movement .
Following the announcement , tens of thousands of Americans rushed to purchase duct tape , plastic sheets and gas - masks .
It later transpired that the terrorist alert was fabricated by the CIA , in all likelihood in consultation with the upper echelons of the State Department .
6
The FBI , for the first time had pointed its finger at the CIA .
" This piece of that puzzle turns out to be fabricated and therefore the reason for a lot of the alarm , particularly in Washington this week , has been dissipated after they found out that this information was not true , " said Vince Cannistraro , former CIA counter - terrorism chief and ABCNEWS consultant .
(...)
According to officials , the FBI and the CIA are pointing fingers at each other .
An FBI spokesperson told ABCNEWS today he was " not familiar with the scenario , " but did not think it was accurate . " 7
2. December 21 , Christmas 2003
On December 21st , 2003 four days before Christmas , the Homeland Security Department , again raised the national threat level from " elevated " to " high risk " of terrorist attack .
11 In his pre-Christmas Press Conference , Homeland Security department Secretary Tom Ridge confirmed in much the same way as on February 7 , 2003 , that : " the U.S. intelligence community has received a substantial increase in the volume of threat - related intelligence reports " .
According to Tom Ridge , these " credible [ intelligence ] sources " raise " the possibility of attacks against the homeland , around the holiday season ... " 12 Terrorists still threaten our country and we remain engaged in a dangerous - to be sure - difficult war and it will not be over soon , " warned Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld .
" They can attack at any time and at any place . "
With America on high terror alert for the Christmas holiday season , intelligence officials fear al - Qaeda is eager to stage a spectacular attack - possibly hijacking a foreign airliner or cargo jet and crashing it into a high - profile target inside the United States . "
14 The official Christmas announcement by the Homeland Security Department dispelled any lingering doubts regarding the threat level : " the risk [ during the Christmas period ] is perhaps greater now than at any point since September 11 , 2001 ; "
It also warned Americans , in no uncertain terms , but without supporting evidence , that there are :
" indications that [ the ] near - term attacks ... will either rival or exceed the [ 9/11 ] attacks " .
" And it 's pretty clear that the nation 's capital and New York city would be on any list ... "
Following Secretary Ridge 's announcement , anti-aircraft missile batteries were set up in Washington :
.
" And the Pentagon said today , more combat air patrols will now be flying over select cities and facilities , with some airbases placed on higher alert . "
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld : " You ask , ' Is it serious ? '
Yes , you bet your life .
People do n't do that unless it 's a serious situation . "
15
According to an official statement : " intelligence indicates that Al Qaeda - trained pilots may be working for overseas airlines and ready to carry out suicide attacks . "
16
More specifically , Al Qaeda and Taliban terrorists were , according to Homland Security , planning to hijack an Air France plane and " crash it on US soil in a suicide terror strike similar to those carried out on September 11 , 2001 . "
Air France Christmas flights out of Paris were grounded .
F - 16 fighters were patrolling the skies .
Yet it turned out that the stand down orders on Air France 's Christmas flights from Paris to Los Angeles , which were used to justify the Code Orange Alert during the Christmas holiday , were based on fabricated information .
Needless to say these fabricated media reports served to create a tense atmosphere during the Christmas holiday .
Los Angeles International airport was on " maximum deployment " with counter - terrorism and FBI officials working around the clock .
Yet following the French investigation , it turned out that the terror alert was a hoax .
The information was not " very very precise " as claimed by US intelligence .
The six Al Qaeda men turned out to be a five year old boy , an elderly Chinese lady who used to run a restaurant in Paris , a Welsh insurance salesman and three French nationals .
19
The decision to cancel the six Air France flights was taken after 2 days of intense negotiations between French and American officials .
They were cancelled on the orders of the French Prime minister following consultations with Sec. Colin Powell .
This decision was taken following the completion of the French investigation .
Despite the fact that the information had been refuted , Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge insisted on maintaining the stand - down order .
If Air France had not complied , it would have been prevented from using US air space , namely banned from flying to the US .
It was only on January 2nd , once the holiday season was over that the US authorities admitted that they were in error , claiming that it was a unavoidable case of " mistaken identity . "
While tacitly acknowledging their error , Homeland Security insisted that " the cancellations were based on solid information . "
3. July 29 , 2003 , coinciding with John Kerry 's Acceptance Speech at the Democratic Convention
The decision to launch the code orange terror alert in New York City , Washington DC and northern New Jersey was taken on the night of July 29th , within hours of John Kerry 's acceptance speech at the Democratic convention .
No " specific " intelligence out of Pakistan was available at that Thursday evening meeting at CIA Headquarters at Langley .
According to a unnamed senior intelligence official , the decision to launch the high risk ( code orange ) terror alert was taken on that same Thursday evening ( July 29 2004 ) in the absence of " specific " and detailed intelligence : " At the daily CIA 's 5 p.m. counterterrorism meeting on Thursday , the first information about the detailed al Qaeda surveillance of the five financial buildings was discussed among senior CIA , FBI and military officials .
They decided to launch a number of worldwide operations , including the deployment of increased law enforcement around the five [ financial ] buildings . "
[ World Bank , IMF , NYSE , Citigroup , Prudential ] ( WP , 3 August 2004 , http://msnbc.msn.com/id/5581230/%20 )
On Thursday July 29 , when the decision was taken to increase the threat level , the " precise " and " specific " information out of Pakistan including " the trove of hundreds of photos and written documents " , was not yet available .
The information from the mysterious Pakistani computer engineer , Mohammad Naeem Noor Khan , was only made available ex post facto on the Friday , once the decision has already been taken : " A senior intelligence official said translations of the computer documents and other intelligence started arriving on Friday [ one day after the decision was taken to launch the operation ] .
( WP , 3 August 2004 ) President Bush was " informed of the potential threat on Friday morning [ July 30 ] aboard Air Force One " .
( WP , 2 August 2004 ) .
On that same morning , President Bush approved the decision of the CIA to raise " the threat level " in the absence of " specific " supporting intelligence .
In other words , the supporting intelligence used to justify the terror warning , not only turned out to be " outdated " , as confirmed on August 2nd , it was only made available to counterterrorism officials ex post facto , once the decision to increase the " threat level " had already been endorsed by President Bush .
Former Secretary Tom Ridge knew that the intelligence was fake .
Tom Ridge 's mea culpa suggests that the Bush administration was fabricating intelligence for political gain and that the various agencies involved including the CIA and Homeland Security were involved in a fear and disinformation campaign .
His statements deliberately misled Americans with a view to supporting the " war on terrorism " agenda .
More specifically , the terror alerts were triggered at two critical periods :
1 ) in the month prior to the invasion of Iraq following Powell 's Feb 5 , 2003 UN Security Council presentation , 2 ) at the height of the US presidential campaign .
Fabricating intelligence for political gain is a criminal act -- specifically in the case of providing a pretext for war or for influencing the outcome of an election .
When we patch the various pieces together , it would appear that the code orange terror alerts were part of the broader process of fabricating intelligence concerning Al Qaeda and weapons of mass destruction which was led in close coordination with Washington 's indefectible British ally .
Excerpts were taken from the following articles which reviewed in detail the circumstances of the code orange alerts :
Fabricating Intelligence for Political Gain , by Michel Chossudovsky , 3 August 2004 http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO408A.html
The Criminalization of the State , by Michel Chossudovsky , 3 February 2004 , http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO402A.html
Related Articles
FBI points finger at the CIA : Terror Alert based on Fabricated Information , 14 February 2003 , http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CRG302A.html
Bush 's Christmas Terror Alert , by Michel Chossudovsky , 24 December 2003 , http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO312D.html
Manufacturing Hysteria : Bogus Terror Threats and Bush 's Police State , by Kurt Nimmo , 31 December 2003 , http://globalresearch.ca/articles/NIM312A.html
Orange Code Terror Alert based on Fabricated Intelligence , by Michel Chossudovsky 3 January 2004 .
http://globalresearch.ca/articles/CHO401A.html
Email this article to a friend
To become a Member of Global Research
The Centre for Research on Globalization ( CRG ) at www.globalresearch.ca grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles in their entirety , or any portions thereof , on community internet sites , as long as the text & title are not modified .
The source must be acknowledged and an active URL hyperlink address of the original CRG article must be indicated .
The author 's copyright note must be displayed .
For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites , contact : [ email protected ]
www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of " fair use " in an effort to advance a better understanding of political , economic and social issues .
The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes .
If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than " fair use " you must request permission from the copyright owner .
Disclaimer :
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of the Centre for Research on Globalization .
To express your opinion on this article , join the discussion at Global Research 's News and Discussion Forum
For media inquiries : [ email protected ]
© Copyright belongs to the author 2005 .
www.globalresearch.ca
Warner Bros. might take issue with this character , Assud the rabbit , who recently debuted on the Palestinian kid-targeted program “ Pioneers of Tomorrow ” and bears more than a passing resemblance to WB ’s Bugs Bunny .
The similarities stop there , as Assud says he will “ get rid of the Jews ” and will “ eat them up . ”
Assud is the latest in a line of deceptively cute and fuzzy “ Pioneers ” characters — following martyred Farfour the mouse and Nahoul the bee — to take up Hamas ’ cause in its long - standing clash with Israel .
Editor ’s Note :
After experiencing a moment of cognitive dissonance upon first viewing this clip ( fuzzy bunny … eating … Jews ? ! ) , we contacted an Arabic - speaking Truthdig contributor , who affirmed that this translation is accurate .
Watch the link :
Michael Williams Planning - a well established consultancy , covering all aspects of Town Planning and development within England & Wales .
We provide a tailored personal service at very competitive rates and our track record is extensive .
Michael Williams qualified in Town & Country Planning ar Cardiff University , and is a Member of both the Royal Town Planning Institute and the Inst. of Highways and Transportation .
His professional experience begun in the mid 70's ... leading to 10 years ' local government service , including Head of Special Projects and the London Borough of Hillingdon .
Senior appointments followed in planning consultancies in Windsor , Reading , Northampton and West London .
Subsequently , Michael Williams was recruited as Land & Planning Director of a national housebuilder
The consultancy has operated since June 2002 , and clients have the assurance that their project , or concern , is in the hands of a committed senior professional with all - round exposure to every facet of planning and transportation .
Whether it is corporate work or for private individuals , commitment is never less than 100 % .
PROVIDERS See Referrals / Forms tab for access to care ……
Commitment to Excellence in Mental Health Care .
The mission of the Harford - Belair Community Mental Health Center is to provide the highest quality of psychiatric and mental health services to all persons in the community who are in need of these services .
Accredited by
The Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities
CARF
Programs Approved by the Maryland Department of Health & Mental Hygiene Licensing & Certification Administration
Haven Psychiatric Rehabilitation Programs
Adult Outpatient Services
Child & Adolescents Services
PRP Off - site services
Assertive Community Treatment
Mental Illness & Substance Abuse ( MISA )
Fees
Harford - Belair accepts Maryland Medicaid , Medicare and State of Maryland Uninsured eligible .
開発に関わっていて、UNIX（Linux）を触った事のある人は「 SLコマンド」をご存知の方が多いのではないでしょうか？
ファイル一覧を出力する「ls」をtypoして「sl」と打ってしまうと、文字通りSLが画面を走り抜けるというすばらしくくだらない仕組みなのだ。いわゆる、ジョークコマンドの一つとしてとても有名で、多くの開発者の気持ちを和らげた（腰を砕いた）ことでしょう。
さて、そんなくだらないジョークコマンドを懐かしんでいると、JavaScriptでSLを動かしてみたくなってしまったので作ってみました。
・ SL.JS
ブックマークレット方式にしてあるので、上のSL.JSリンクをブックマークして下さい。
どんな動きをするか気になる人は、とりあえず上のSL.JSリンクを押しちゃって下さい。
あと、自分のブログにも貼ってみたいって人は下記タグをはれば良いかも。
< a href= " javascript :( function ( ) {var d=document , sl_open, sl_run,sl_close,s=d.createElement (' script ') ;s.charset='UTF-8';s.src='http://labs.creazy.net/sl/bookmarklet.js';d.body.appendChild(s)})(); " >
SL発車！</a>
とりあえず色んなページを走らせてみた
せっかくだから、鉄道に関係しそうなサイトをね。
鉄道博物館 – THE RAILWAY MUSEUM –
先日行ってきたもんで・・・
銀河鉄道999
サイトはちょっとヒドいけどね。
JR東日本：東日本旅客鉄道株式会社
脱線事故のお詫びずっと出てますね。
豊田正史とslコマンド ( Masashi Toyoda and SL command )
そして、もちろ ん 「 SLコマンド」生みの親の豊田さんのサイトでもw
ちょっとだけ仕組みの話
このSLはテキストだけで作られているのですが（AAみたいなもんだね）、文字は本家のものをそのまま拝借しました。で、文字を動いている様にみせるために可動部分を差し替えたSL文字列を６つほど用意して、document.element.innerHTMLで順番通りにすり替える感じです（パラパラ漫画の要領）。
で、DHTML的な手法でSLが入っているDIV要素の位置を動的に右から左に動かしていけば自然な感じになります。あと、サイトによってはSL文字列が見難いところが多かったので、黒い半透明なレイヤーを背景として表示して、SLは白いフォントカラーにするように工夫してみました。
まあ、興味がある人はJavaScriptなんで、ソース見て下さい。
・bookmarklet.js
なんだ、こんなに簡単かよとか言わないように。
（むだに200行くらいあるのは、ほとんど見た目のエフェクトとかスタイルのためのコード）
動作確認環境は 、
・ Windows XP
- Internet Explorer 7
- Firefox 2
- Opera 9.25 （by 名無しさ ん
2008/02/17 ）
・ Mac OS X 10.4.11
- Firefox 2
- Safari 3
・ Linux ( Ubuntu7.10 )
- Firefox 2 （by Sore_0さ ん 2008/02/17 ）
です。他の環境で試された方は動作報告頂けると助かります。
まとめ
いやー、くだらない事に時間を使うのってなんでこんなに清々しいのでしょうか。
Webだけに、もうちょっ とSLで色々遊べる方法があるんじゃないと思っています。
SL好きな人（あ、オレそんなに好きなわけじゃないけどw）とか、技術的に何か思い付いた人いたら一緒にくだらない事を考えてみませんか？ささいな思いつきとかでも良いのでコメント下さい。
あと、不具合／動作報告もできたらよろしくお願いします。
ネタ元を明らかにしてこのページにリンクはるなりしてもらえればJSスクリプトをコピーしたり、改変したりもOKです。面白いのできたら教えて下さい。
追記
[ 2008/02/17 ] コメントを頂いたSore_0さん、名無しさんの動作確認情報を追加しました
[ 2008/02/18 ] バナーを作りました
[ 2008/02/19 ] SLコマンド本家の豊田正史さんからコメントを頂きました
[ 2008/02/22 ] SL友の会に登録されました
関連エントリ ー
・「 SL.JS 」 が「 SL友の会」に登録されました
・豊田正史さん とTwitter と「 SL.JS 」
・祝 ！「 SL.JS」ホッテントリ記念にバナー各種作りました
The Pennsylvania Higher Education Assistance Agency , one of the nation ’s largest student loan operations , announced Wednesday that it would suspend making federal - guaranteed loans starting early next month .
The move offered further evidence of how the tight credit markets are affecting the industry , with some lenders warning that it could be more difficult and more costly for many students to obtain college loans for the 2008 - 9 academic year .
“ Widespread lack of confidence in the capital market has spilled over into other asset classes , driving up our cost of borrowing and denying us the capital needed to fund new student loans , ” said James Preston , the interim chief executive of the Pennsylvania lender , a state - owned company that both makes and guarantees loans .
Such loan operations have been dealing with two problems .
Congress reduced subsidies to lenders in the federal - guaranteed student loan program .
In addition , investors have recently shied away from purchasing securities backed by student loans , making it more costly for the lenders to raise the capital they need .
A team of scientists from Princeton University has found that one of the most intriguing phenomena in condensed - matter physics -- known as the quantum Hall effect -- can occur in nature in a way that no one has ever before seen .
Writing in the April 24 issue of Nature , the scientists report that they have recorded this exotic behavior of electrons in a bulk crystal of bismuth - antimony without any external magnetic field being present .
The work , while significant in a fundamental way , could also lead to advances in new kinds of fast quantum or " spintronic " computing devices , of potential use in future electronic technologies , the authors said .
" We had the right tool and the right set of ideas , " said Zahid Hasan , an assistant professor of physics who led the research and propelled X - ray photons at the surface of the crystal to find the effect .
The team used a high - energy , accelerator - based technique called " synchrotron photo - electron spectroscopy . "
And , Hasan added , " We had the right material . "
The quantum Hall effect has only been seen previously in atomically thin layers of semiconductors in the presence of a very high applied magnetic field .
In exploring new realms and subjecting materials to extreme conditions , the scientists are seeking to enrich the basis for understanding how electrons move .
Robert Cava , the Russell Wellman Moore Professor of Chemistry and a co-author on the paper , worked with members of his team to produce the crystal in his lab over many months of trial - and - error .
" This is one of those wonderful examples in science of an intense , extended collaboration between scientists in different fields , " said Cava , also chair of the Department of Chemistry .
advertisement
" This remarkable experiment is a major home run for the Princeton team , " said Phuan Ong , a Princeton professor of physics who was not involved in the research .
Ong , who also serves as assistant director of the Princeton Center for Complex Materials , added that the experiment " will spark a worldwide scramble to understand the new states and a major program to manipulate them for new electronic applications . "
Electrons , which are electrically charged particles , behave in a magnetic field , as some scientists have put it , like a cloud of mosquitoes in a crosswind .
In a material that conducts electricity , like copper , the magnetic " wind " pushes the electrons to the edges .
An electrical voltage rises in the direction of this wind -- at right angles to the direction of the current flow .
Edwin Hall discovered this unexpected phenomenon , which came to be known as the Hall effect , in 1879 .
The Hall effect has become a standard tool for assessing charge in electrical materials in physics labs worldwide .
In 1980 , the German physicist Klaus von Klitzing studied the Hall effect with new tools .
He enclosed the electrons in an atom - thin layer , and cooled them to near absolute zero in very powerful magnetic fields .
With the electrons forced to move in a plane , the Hall effect , he found , changed in discrete steps , meaning that the voltage increased in chunks , rather than increasing bit by bit as it was expected to .
Electrons , he found , act unpredictably when grouped together .
His work won him the Nobel Prize in physics in 1985 .
Daniel Tsui ( now at Princeton ) and Horst Stormer of Bell Laboratories did similar experiments , shortly after von Klitzing 's .
They used extremely pure semiconductor layers cooled to near absolute zero and subjected the material to the world 's strongest magnet .
In 1982 , they suddenly saw something new .
The electrons in the atom - thin layer seemed to " cooperate " and work together to form what scientists call a " quantum fluid , " an extremely rare situation where electrons act identically , in lock - step , more like soup than as individually spinning units .
After a year of thinking , Robert Laughlin , now at Stanford University , devised a model that resembled a storm at sea in which the force of the magnetic wind and the electrons of this " quantum fluid " created new phenomena -- eddies and waves -- without being changed themselves .
Simply put , he showed that the electrons in a powerful magnetic field condensed to form this quantum fluid related to the quantum fluids that occur in superconductivity and in liquid helium .
advertisement
For their efforts , Tsui , Stormer and Laughlin won the Nobel Prize in physics in 1998 .
Recently , theorist Charles Kane and his team at the University of Pennsylvania , building upon a model proposed by Duncan Haldane of Princeton , predicted that electrons should be able to form a Hall - like quantum fluid even in the absence of an externally applied magnetic field , in special materials where certain conditions of the electron orbit and the spinning direction are met .
The electrons in these special materials are expected to generate their own internal magnetic field when they are traveling near the speed of light and are subject to the laws of relativity .
In search of that exotic electron behavior , Hasan 's team decided to go beyond the conventional tools for measuring quantum Hall effects .
They took the bulk three - dimensional crystal of bismuth - antimony , zapped it with ultra - fast X - ray photons and watched as the electrons jumped out .
By fine - tuning the X - rays , they could directly take pictures of the dancing patterns of the electrons on the edges of the sample .
The nature of the quantum Hall behavior in the bulk of the material was then identified by analyzing the unique dancing patterns observed on the surface of the material in their experiments .
Kane , the Penn theorist , views the Princeton work as extremely significant .
" This experiment opens the door to a wide range of further studies , " he said .
The images observed by the Princeton group provide the first direct evidence for quantum Hall - like behavior without external magnetic fields .
" What is exciting about this new method of looking at the quantum Hall - like behavior is that one can directly image the electrons on the edges of the sample , which was never done before , " said Hasan .
" This very direct look opens up a wide range of future possibilities for fundamental research opportunities into the quantum Hall behavior of matter . "
Other researchers on the paper include graduate students David Hsieh , Andrew Lewis Wray , YuQi Xia and postdoctoral fellows Dong Qian and Yew San Hor .
The team members are in the departments of physics and chemistry , and are members of the Princeton Center for Complex Materials .
They used facilities at the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in Berkeley , Calif. , and the University of Wisconsin 's Synchrotron Radiation Center in Stoughton , Wis .
This work was supported by U.S. Department of Energy and the National Science Foundation .
Bad financial decisions and poor timing have landed Alicia Cardenas smack in the middle of the nation ’s sub - prime mortgage mess .
The single mother of three could qualify only for a high - interest loan when she refinanced two years ago to pay off a home equity credit line and her share of a divorce settlement .
But her hefty mortgage payment puts Cardenas , 45 , in a financial hole each month .
She ca n’t save for her children ’s college education or her retirement .
And now the loan threatens her efforts to provide a comfortable home for her family , including her 79 - year - old mother .
Next month , the financial pressure will mount when the adjustable rate on Cardenas ’ $ 410,000 mortgage increases , raising her monthly payment by $ 462 to $ 3,291 .
Advertisement
“ I ’m scared to death just thinking about it , ” Cardenas said .
“ If it increases , I ’m dead in the water . ”
Jennifer Hartman , a certified financial planner with Greenleaf Financial Group , said Cardenas got into trouble because she did n’t take the time to understand her finances or the ramifications of her sub - prime refinancing .
“ The loan should have never been made , and she should have never taken it out because she could n’t afford it in the first place , ” Hartman said .
Cardenas is one of millions of Americans with risky credit who took out adjustable - rate loans that offered low teaser rates for a year or two before ratcheting up sharply .
Advertisement
So - called sub - prime loans have been resetting to higher rates , tipping already tenuous borrowers into default and roiling the economy .
While the nation ’s regulators and lawmakers grapple with the sub - prime meltdown , Cardenas lives the financial reality of it .
‘ An albatross ’
Her mortgage gobbles up more than half of the take - home pay from her $ 80,000 - a- year job as a human resources manager for a dairy .
She has only $ 590 in savings and retirement funds , receives $ 300 a month in child support and owes nearly $ 8,000 in bills .
Each month , she finds she needs $ 600 to cover expenses until her next paycheck , so she takes out pay - day loans .
“ It ’s an albatross around my neck , ” Cardenas said of the mortgage .
Advertisement
More than a decade ago , the future seemed much brighter .
A high school graduate , Cardenas was the first in her family to own a home when she and her former husband bought a two - bedroom house with a sunny den and a big backyard in a neighborhood crawling with kids .
“ We were happy , ” Cardenas said .
“ We felt comfortable and safe . ”
But the couple burdened themselves with more mortgage debt by using their house like a piggy bank .
Tapping the rising equity , they refinanced to pay off credit card debts , take vacations and remodel .
Two years after buying the house for $ 123,000 , they refinanced for $ 250,000 .
With the money , they paid off $ 30,000 in credit card debt , $ 20,000 in car loans and took a vacation to Guadalajara .
Advertisement
Three years later , they took out a $ 50,000 home equity line of credit , adding two bedrooms and a bath .
“ She fell into the boat of people who thought the value of their home would keep rising , ” Hartman said .
After the couple separated three years ago , Cardenas wanted to keep the home , mostly for emotional stability .
But that ’s not the best financial move because it ’s often difficult to sustain a home on a single income , Hartman said .
Falling behind
Advertisement
That ’s been the case with Cardenas .
On her previous salary of $ 60,000 , she struggled to pay the mortgage and the home equity line .
Then she hit a rough patch .
The aerospace company she worked for reorganized and she was laid off .
Unable to find full - time work immediately , Cardenas fell behind on her bills .
She cashed out $ 15,000 in her 401 ( k ) retirement account to stay afloat .
But threatened with foreclosure and in need of $ 90,000 for her share of the divorce settlement , Cardenas rushed to refinance .
Because of her marred credit , she could qualify only for a high - interest loan .
The mortgage came with an adjustable rate scheduled to increase to 9.375 % next month .
The mortgage is n’t Cardenas ’ only problem .
She also added to her difficulties by spending instead of saving .
Advertisement
Recently , when her 19 - year - old daughter ’s car broke down , she borrowed $ 6,500 to buy her a new one .
Cardenas said her daughter needs the car to pick up her 11 - year - old sister and her 9 - year - old brother from school .
In addition , she used part of a $ 5,000 tax refund to pay off some debts , but she also splurged on a trip to New York with a girlfriend .
“ When you get a tax refund , its not free money , ” Hartman pointed out .
Hartman said that Cardenas could n’t afford the car and that her daughter should shoulder the costs .
Cardenas has just $ 350 in savings and $ 240 in retirement funds .
She also owes $ 1,200 for her daughter ’s braces .
No easy options
Advertisement
Now , Cardenas is stuck with some tough choices .
To get out from under her sub - prime debt , she could renegotiate with her lender , attempt a so - called short sale or fall into foreclosure .
“ She ’s got some options , ” Hartman said .
“ But they all come with sacrifice . ”
Through the Neighborhood Assistance Corp. of America , a nonprofit group that helps homeowners , Cardenas could negotiate to lower her interest rate with her lender , Countrywide Financial Corp .
The group has helped sub - prime borrowers renegotiate interest rates down to 3 % to 6 % .
Hartman figured that if the loan gets restructured into a 30 - year fixed rate of roughly 5 % , Cardenas would pay about $ 2,200 a month .
Then she could create some cushion to fund emergency expenses and begin saving for retirement .
Advertisement
But she also would need to slash about $ 1,000 a month of expenses and get her family to pitch in .
Her mother receives $ 800 a month in Social Security but does n’t contribute to the household budget .
Her teenage daughter also could get a job .
Another option is to ask her lender for a short sale , in which Countrywide would agree to sell her home for less than what she owes and forgive the remaining debt .
But Alex Aguilar , a real estate agent with RE / MAX , said short sales were difficult to pull off , particularly in Cardenas ’ neighborhood where home prices have dropped .
Appraisers valued Cardenas ’ house at $ 550,000 when she refinanced , but it ’s now worth less than what she owes .
Entering into foreclosure and moving into an apartment would cut costs .
Three - bedroom apartments closer to Cardenas ’ work in El Monte rent for $ 1,800 .
But Hartman said foreclosure would damage her credit for years , hurt her chances to get a future mortgage and raise her insurance rates .
Advertisement
What ’s more , depending on certain criteria , a bank ’s loss may be reported as income , Hartman said .
As a result , if Cardenas walks away from the contract with her lender , she might end up owing the Internal Revenue Service taxes on the balance she never paid .
Cutting costs
Whatever she decides to do , Hartman said , Cardenas needs to get a better handle on her household budget , which does n’t account for typical yearly expenses such as haircuts , car registration and school supplies .
She also needs to look for ways to drum up more cash .
Cardenas is in human resources and could start a resume - building business on the side , Hartman said .
She might also consider renting out a room in her house .
Advertisement
Hartman advised Cardenas to get her whole family involved in her financial makeover .
Although Cardenas might not be able to fund her children ’s college educations , she could provide them with a better financial future by teaching them how to save and by giving them choices about how the family ’s money is spent .
For example , Cardenas could offer the kids incentives for conserving electricity by giving them half of any savings for entertainment .
Cardenas also could save by switching out her variable life insurance policy , which costs about $ 1,000 a year , for a term - life policy at about half the cost , Hartman said .
Advertisement
Cardenas is mulling over her next financial move .
She has filed her mortgage and financial information with the Neighborhood Assistance Corp. of America and is waiting for a response before deciding what to do with her house .
“ I ’m paying off everything I can , ” she said .
“ The only other thing I can do is leave it in God ’s hands . ”
--
Do you need a money makeover ?
Each month the Sunday Business section gives readers a chance to have their financial situations sized up by professional advisors at no charge .
To be considered , send an e-mail to makeover@latimes.com .
You also can send a letter to : Makeover , Business Section , Los Angeles Times , 202 W. 1st St. , Los Angeles , CA 90012 .
Include a brief description of your financial goals and a daytime phone number .
Information you send us will be shared with others .
Advertisement
--
Begin text of infobox
In need of help
Who : Alicia Cardenas , 45
Advertisement
Income : $ 80,000
Goals : Refinance her high - interest adjustable - rate mortgage , save for retirement and children ’s college educations , make repairs on home .
Assets : $ 240 in 401 ( k ) , $ 350 in checking , $ 300 in a college savings account , a 2002 Toyota Sienna minivan , daughter ’s 2002 Nissan Altima , personal property .
Debts : $ 410,000 mortgage , $ 6,500 car loan , $ 125 credit card balance , $ 1,200 for daughter ’s braces .
Advertisement
Recommendations :
Try to renegotiate current sub - prime loan through the Neighborhood Assistance Corp. of America .
Create an accurate household budget .
Reduce spending and household expenses by $ 1,000 a month .
Do n’t use credit cards except for an emergency .
Get other family members to help out .
About the planner : Jennifer Hartman is a fee - only certified financial planner with Greenleaf Financial Group in Los Angeles .
Kicking someone from a Discord channel does n’t have to be permanent .
Sometimes you do it just because an individual was annoying , spamming heavily , or being rude and just needed a short - term ban .
These kinds of things happen on [... ]
Gregory
The XO2 looks and acts like an electronic book
The wraps have been taken off the new version of the XO laptop designed for schoolchildren in developing countries .
The revamped machine created by the One Laptop Per Child ( OLPC ) project looks like an e-book and has had its price slashed to $ 75 per device .
OLPC founder Nicholas Negroponte gave a glimpse of the " book like " device at an unveiling event at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
The first XO2 machines should be ready to deliver to children in 2010 .
Mr Negroponte said he hoped the design would also be used by other manufacturers .
Dual use " This laptop comes from a different point of view , " he said .
The new version loses the green rubbery keyboard , sporting instead a single square display hinged at its centre .
This allows the device to be split into two touch screens that can either mimic a laptop with keyboard or the pages of a book .
" Over the last couple of years we 've learned the book experience is key , " he said .
The idea is for several children to use the device at once , combining the functions of a laptop , electronic book and electronic board .
" It is a totally new concept for learning devices , " said Prof Negroponte .
It has taken a year to make XP compatible with the XO
The new machine will also be more energy efficient , half the size of the first generation device and lighter to carry .
It will continue to sport the XO logo in a multitude of colours so that children can personalise them .
" The XO2 will be a bit of a Trojan horse , " said Prof Negroponte .
Initially it will be promoted as an e-book reader with the capacity to store more than 500 e-books .
" Currently developing nations such as China and Brazil are spending $ 19 per student per year on books , " he said .
Dual boot
The launch of the XO2 is being seen as an effort by OLPC to revitalise adoption of its machines .
Initially , Prof Negroponte set a target of selling 100 million machines by 2008 .
So far OLPC has only sold about 600,000 machines .
Prof Negroponte said he expected a further 400,000 orders in the next " 60 to 90 days " .
Many countries have been reluctant to buy the machines because they did not run Microsoft 's Windows operating system .
In mid-May OLPC announced a deal with Microsoft to make Windows available on the XO machine .
Previously the machines used a version of open source Linux operating system .
" There is no question that demand goes up when you offer dual boot , " said Professor Negroponte .
The laptops which originally had a target price of $ 100 now cost $ 188 each .
The OLPC project believes the price tag for the new devices will be achieved thanks to falling prices for flat panel screens , the most costly of all laptop components .
At the MIT event , Prof Negroponte announced the resumption of the Get - One - Give - One programme to allow people in wealthy nations to buy two XO laptops and donate one to a child in a developing country .
The programme will be open to people in North America and Europe and start in August or September .
Prof Negroponte said the previous programme enabled OLPC to distribute 30,000 additional laptops to children in Rwanda , Mongolia and Haiti .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Now that the presidential contest is looking ever more like a two - man race , the country can’t help but marvel : John McCain , once a longshot , would n’t lie down .
Barack Obama , the new kid , charmed voters .
And Hillary Rodham Clinton , an early favorite , has yet to surrender .
But Arlyn J. Imberman would say clues to the nomination fight were in plain sight , every time a candidate wrote a thank - you note , inscribed a memoir or autographed a pair of boxing gloves .
“ Obama is very much his writing -- fluid , graceful .
McCain ’s is angular and intense ; he ’s a pit bull .
And look at the perfectionism in Hillary ’s -- straight up , precise .
She is persistent and is not going to give up until she absolutely has to , ” said Imberman , a court - certified graphologist based in New York .
Presidential signatures are trademarks that grace everything from historic documents to the souvenir M&M ; 's boxes handed out on Air Force One .
And history suggests penmanship can reflect personality .
Advertisement
Abraham Lincoln set 3 million slaves free with a signature that was as modest and unadorned as he was .
Ronald Reagan -- the “ great communicator ” -- penned rounded letters that radiated warmth .
Jimmy Carter etched an autograph that was aloof and cerebral .
And Richard Nixon , who entered the White House with a big , bold R and N , left in deflated disgrace , his signature collapsing as well .
Democratic presidential candidate Gary Hart ’s 1984 campaign suffered when it was revealed that he had changed his signature several times over the years .
“ Who is Gary Hart ? ” his rivals demanded .
“ Our handwriting is uniquely ours ; an imprint as singular as a fingerprint , ” Imberman asserted in a book she recently co-wrote , “ Signature for Success ” ( in which , by the way , she concluded that Bill and Hillary Clinton have a gender role reversal going ) .
Assuming handwriting can’t be any less reliable an indicator of character than eating waffles , drinking a boilermaker or holding forth on a bus called the Straight Talk Express , three court - certified graphologists gleaned the following by looking at writing samples from Obama , Clinton and McCain :
Advertisement
Despite the charges of elitism flying around , none of the 2008 presidential candidates is a snob .
Equally encouraging , all of them appear intelligent and driven .
But two , the experts said , strive to remain opaque amid the public glare .
Two are reluctant to embrace their family legacies .
One lacks warmth , whereas another can talk to almost anyone .
One is flexible , another controlled , the third a loose cannon .
The graphologists analyzed signatures and writing samples from the three candidates -- thank - you notes from Clinton and Obama and book pages inscribed by McCain .
Despite vast policy differences , McCain and Obama have something in common signature - wise -- illegibility , which suggests a need for privacy or an aversion to transparency .
Advertisement
In McCain ’s case , that desire can be seen further in his H , which is not a loop , but an upward stroke overlapped by a downward one .
“ There is a lot about John McCain he does n’t wish to share openly , ” said Roger Rubin , a New York graphologist with three decades of experience .
“ When you cover a stroke , it means you are hiding something , ” Rubin said .
Both men ’s signatures also reflect a desire to distance themselves from their fathers , the experts said .
Obama was 2 when his father left the family , and McCain ’s , a respected Navy admiral , was often absent .
That shows up in the emphasis they give their first names -- symbols of their personal achievements rather than the legacies to which they were born .
Look at the J in John and the B in Barack -- each larger than the M in McCain and the O in Obama .
Advertisement
Clinton ’s signature is readable , but lacks emotion and warmth -- the two Ls in Hillary are sticks rather than loops .
The simplicity shows intellect and forcefulness .
Her husband ’s signature , a bulbous , curvaceous scrawl , is rounder and more feminine .
( Hence the gender - reversal thing . )
The body of one ’s writing can be revealing because , unlike the practiced brand of a signature , it is spontaneous and unconscious .
Together they form a psychological snapshot , graphologists say .
Clinton ’s style is upright and controlled .
The I ’s are dotted and the Ts are crossed .
“ She can see both sides and would be good at sorting out conflicts , ” said Sheila Lowe , a Ventura graphologist and author of “ Handwriting of the Famous and Infamous . ”
Clinton reduces things to their simplest form , Rubin said .
“ She goes easily to the core of a subject .
But she can be impolitic and impatient with people who do n’t get it , ” he said .
Advertisement
A thank - you note written by Obama after his win in Iowa reflects intelligence , Rubin asserted , but with emotion and a capacity for conversation .
The letters connect fluidly without interruption ; words end with lines that reach out .
“ That ’s why the guy can stand up on a podium and talk extemporaneously .
It reflects in his writing -- the ability to think many thoughts ahead , ” Rubin said .
Whereas Clinton ’s writing is disciplined , Obama ’s is flexible .
( Her universal health insurance plan is mandatory ; his is optional . )
His more limber style suggests a desire to deal with different people .
( He favors open dialogue with America ’s enemies ; she does n’t . )
By contrast , McCain ’s writing is disconnected , forceful and intense .
The letters change direction unexpectedly -- fitting for a loose cannon , the Republican Party maverick who bucked the establishment .
“ The writing leans to the right .
But he does it in his own way .
He does n’t do what is expected , ” Rubin noted .
The H in John stands tall , a sign of pride , idealism and ambition .
“ He pushes very hard to get what he wants , ” Imberman said .
“ Look at the comma :
It ’s a slash .
There is his temper . ”
Advertisement
So if the experts are right , Clinton really is smart and tough and stays until the last dog dies , Obama is an engaging bridge - builder , and McCain takes charge , and does it his way .
Case closed ?
Hardly : “ Handwriting tells a lot of important things , but it does n’t tell everything , ” Lowe cautioned .
“ People are too complex . ”
--
faye.fiore@latimes.com
Barack Obama is ambling rather than sprinting across the primary - season finish line .
It 's not just his failure to connect with blue - collar Democrats .
He has added to his problems with ill - informed replies on critical foreign policy questions .
On Sunday at a stop in Oregon , Sen. Obama was dismissive of the threats posed by Iran , North Korea , Venezuela , Cuba and Syria .
That 's the same Iran whose Quds Force is arming and training insurgents and illegal militias in Iraq to kill American soldiers ; that is supporting Hezbollah and ...
A mega-collision between two large embryonic planets could have created Venus as we know it , according to a new paper by a Cardiff University scientist .
Venus is a sister planet to Earth .
It is nearly the same size and density yet it has a surface temperature of 720 K , an atmosphere dominated by carbon dioxide and no evidence of oceans or ridges .
It has been described as “ Earth ’s evil twin ” .
Dr Huw Davies , of the School of Earth and Ocean Sciences argues that a mega- collision could explain these differences .
In particular the collision could explain why the interior of Venus is dry , the odd rotation of the planet and the carbon dioxide atmosphere .
Dr Davies of the School of Earth and Ocean Sciences said : “ A collision theory has been explored by scientists previously but was abandoned as the planet Venus has no moon usually expected from such an impact .
However , a mega- impact could have created Venus , since the head - on collision I propose does not produce a moon . ”
The hot ball of gas and liquid that would result immediately following the collision would allow iron to react away the water , leaving Venus a dry planet .
Significant suggested consequences of a dry planet include the lack of plate tectonics , continents and life .
Dr Davies ’ research is published in the journal Earth and Planetary Science Letters .
-- Posted Thursday , 24 April 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
I was , of course , acting stupidly , gobbling random medications by the handful and washing them all down with tequila just to try and calm down enough so that I do n't start screaming and screaming and screaming in fear at the terrifying economic disaster that is unfolding all around us , by which I mean , of course , how inflation is going to kill us and eat us alive , leading one inexorably to the immortal yet pithy phrase , " We 're freaking doomed ! "
For one thing , Total Fed Credit was up by only $ 357 million last week , which is such chump change that it is , coincidentally enough , approximately equal to the cost of an ordinary emergency room visit these days .
This TFC - not - expanding thing is Bad , Bad News ( BBN ) because this is the stuff that the Federal Reserve creates at their whim , which causes credit to appear on the books of the banks , which turns into money when someone takes out a loan at a bank .
Thus you see how this TFC is the actual raw material from whence Magical Money From Thin Air ( MMFTA ) comes .
If you are like most people , you have given up believing in magic a long , long time ago , as it is the stuff of fairy tales , which you have also given up believing in , too , because you learned the hard way that there is no such thing as a " happily ever after " ending for anything , and in fact the " ever after " is usually filled with bosses screaming at you because you keep screwing up , children screaming because that is what kids do , spouses screaming because that is what spouses do , creditors screaming on the phone about taking you to court which is what creditors and collection agencies do , and you end up screaming about the sheer economic madness that is rampant in the world and how you are going to die an ugly , ugly financial death because of the Federal Reserve creating the money that creates inflation in the prices we have to pay .
But all is not quite lost yet !
The category of Other Fed Assets went up by $ 15.6 billion last week , taking that category to $ 80 billion , which is up $ 40 billion in the last twelve months , which is a staggering increase , given that it has taken since 1913 to amass the first $ 40 billion .
I assume that this is where some of those worthless assets that the Fed is taking off the hands of its nasty little banker buddies winds up .
This disgusting largess at taxpayer expense was partially offset by the Fed selling another $ 12 billion of its Treasury bonds last week , taking this main asset of the Federal Reserve itself down to $ 548 billion , which means that they have sold a full third of their ownership of Treasury bonds that they have been gradually accumulating to expand the money supply since the founding of the Federal Reserve 1913 , in just the last few months !
A third of it gone , in three months !
Months !
Something very bad is happening , meaning that we 're freaking doomed !
And speaking of lying , stinking messes , I am reminded of Senator Christopher Dodd of Connecticut , the laughably incompetent , blowhard chairman of the Senate banking committee , who never saw anything wrong with banks or the actions of the Federal Reserve the whole time as this whole stock bubble , the bond bubble , the housing bubble , the government bubble , the subprime mortgage / derivatives mess were growing , growing , growing , even though Greenspan ( and then Bernanke ) testified in front of him at least twice a freaking year , each time saying the most preposterous things while Dodd and his stupid little banking committee buddies just sat there and ate it up like the ignorant morons they really , really are , when they were so close that they could have sprung over the desk ( " boinggggg ! " ) , grabbed one of those Federal Reserve chairman weenies by the necktie with one hand and slapped the living hell out of them with the other hand , while yelling at them as loud as they could , " Stop this stupid , insane expansion of the money supply before you create consumer price inflation , which is the thing to be feared above all things , or we will fire you and use the IRS to hound you until you die , slowly , screaming in pain , alone , in the dark , in the rain , just like an Earnest Hemingway novel at its most depressing . "
But did they use that golden opportunity ?
NoooOOoooo !
Anyway , not content with committing that gigantic , unforgivable incompetence , now this Dodd creep says that he wants the taxpayers to bail everybody out by having the Federal Housing Administration , a government - owned mortgage insurer , guarantee another $ 400 billion in mortgages , which means the taxpayers paying for the inevitable losses !
Hahaha !
This , to be fair , is just typical , loathsome Democrat commie - think , all of whom actually believe that the reason government exists is to continually give money and mandate unfunded benefits to more and more people .
And yet you still think that the United States has a viable economy ?
Hahahaha !
I point at you and laugh in utter contempt , as that is the Rude Way Of The Mogambo ( RWOTM ) at such stupidity !
Hahaha !
Communism that works ?
Hahaha !
Too much !
Hahahaha !
Perhaps this hysterical laugher of mine means that I am just overmedicated , but you would think that since a fiat currency has never worked in the whole history of mankind , and since a fiat currency has destroyed every economy that tried it , and since giving banks unlimited power to create money and credit has never worked in the whole history of mankind , and it has destroyed every economy that tried it , and since having large , expensive , suffocating governments has never worked in the entire history of mankind and as destroyed every economy that has tried it , it would seem obvious that we should not elect bozos like , for instance , Dodd , Kennedy and Pelosi .
But I am heartened to learn that my medications have nothing to do with it , as from chartoftheday.com we also get their " Quote of the Day " , this week by the German philosopher Georg Hegel , who said , " What experience and history teach is this - that people and governments never have learned anything from history , or acted on principles deduced from it . "
And thus I know , beyond a Shadow Of A Freaking Doubt ( SOAFD ) that the rest of history will repeat , too , and that gold will , again , just like it always has , rise in price as the value of the over - issued currency in which it is priced falls in purchasing power .
I mean , how simple can it be ?
Whee !
This investing stuff is easy !
P.S. To get The Daily Reckoning sent directly to your inbox , sign up for our free email newsletter , or if you prefer to use RSS , subscribe to the Daily Reckoning RSS feed .
Editor 's Note : Richard Daughty is general partner and COO for Smith Consultant Group , serving the financial and medical communities , and the editor of The Mogambo Guru economic newsletter - an avocational exercise to heap disrespect on those who desperately deserve it .
The Mogambo Guru is quoted frequently in Barron's , The Daily Reckoning and other fine publications .
Click here to visit the Mogambo archive page .
-- Posted Thursday , 24 April 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Visit The Daily Reckoning 's website .
Previous Articles by Richard Daughty
Orlando , FL – Twenty - one years ago Alex Domer was born with hexadactyly .
It does n't mean he 's got dinosaur wings , it means he 's got six fingers on each hand .
He 's lived a normal life , and most of the time his condition goes unnoticed .
However , yesterday he became a victim of discrimination when he was barred from entering a Guitar Hero tournament being held at the Universal Studios park in Orlando “ It has n't been so bad living with six fingers , ” said Domer .
“ Occasionally I 'll get the ' You killed my father ' jokes , but that was n't bad .
Now , because of my birth defect I 'm being accused of having an unfair advantage .
It 's ridiculous . ”
Domer has won three previous Guitar Hero tournaments which have helped him work his way through college .
“ It still takes skill to win these tournaments .
It 's not just because of the extra fingers , ” said Domer , but tournament organizers do n't see it that way .
Dominic Oltman , who set up the tournament for Universal said , “ Having six fingers gives Mr. Domer an unfair advantage .
While other players have to shift their fingers between the five buttons , he can just leave his fingers in place .
We had to take action for the integrity of the tournament . ”
Many entrants in the tournament feel the ban is justified .
“ Guys with six fingers already get enough advantages in this world .
They get better jobs because they can type faster .
They 're more attractive to the ladies .
They can count to twelve before everybody else .
It 's just not fair , ” said professional video gamer , Eddie Hedger .
Related News NSA Looking for " Guitar Heroes " to Bust Al ' Qaeda Encryption Jesus Makes Poor Showing at Frag Fest Should I Keep Playing this Game ?
Decision Matrix for Married Gamers
The ACLU is looking into filing a discrimination suit on behalf of Domer .
Derrick Harney , a lawyer for the ACLU , said , “ This case is very similar to the suit we filed on behalf of Johnny “ Four Legs ” Chang who was banned from a Dance Dance Revolution tournament in 2001 .
That suit was settled out of court , and should give us leverage for a settlement in this case . ”
Oltman said the tournament will go on as planned on Saturday .
The winner will receive $ 5,000 and a limited edition Guitar Hero controller signed by members of Aerosmith .
Story Options : Related Discuss Share Print
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Gold futures rallied Wednesday , propelled by sharp weakness in the U.S. dollar , which fell to a new low against the euro .
Gold for June delivery rose $ 16.30 to end at $ 948.30 an ounce on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Other metals prices also posted strong gains .
" The drop in the U.S. dollar overnight is giving the bulls the upper hand today , " said Burton Schlichter , director of trading at New World Trading .
" Also , the move was technically driven when gold traded over $ 940 an ounce , " he said .
The dollar remained under pressure against most major counterparts , notching a fresh low against the euro after mixed U.S. economic data .
The euro was changing hands at $ 1.5957 , after rising as high as $ 1.5977 , according to FactSet Research data .
“ ' The drop in the U.S. dollar overnight is giving the bulls the upper hand today . ' ” — Burton Schlichter , New World Trading
The dollar index , which tracks the performance of the greenback against a basket of other major currencies , fell 1 % to 71.30 .
See Currencies .
In economic news , the Commerce Department reported Wednesday that U.S. home builders started the fewest homes in 17 years , as housing starts plunged 11.9 % to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 947,000 in March .
March 's rate was the lowest for housing starts since March 1991 .
Starts were down 36.5 % compared with March 2007 .
The starts figure was much lower than expected on Wall Street , where economists were looking for a drop to 988,000 annualized units .
See Economic Report .
Separately , the Labor Department reported that inflation rose in March , as energy and food costs gained .
After virtually no change in February , the consumer price index in March rose 0.3 % , matching estimates from analysts surveyed by MarketWatch .
Read more .
On Tuesday , gold ended up $ 3.30 , or 0.4 % , to $ 932 an ounce .
" With oil and commodities surging , the dollar continuing to weaken and economic growth slowing , gold 's best friend stagflation is a real and growing threat to much of the global economy , " said Mark O'Byrne , executive director at Gold and Silver Investments Ltd. , in a research note .
The precious metal will likely challenge recent resistance at $ 950 in the coming days " as investors realize that inflation is not some short - term phenomenon , but rather a medium and possibly long - term problem yet to be priced into the market , " O'Byrne said .
Crude - oil futures rose more than $ 1 to surpass $ 115 a barrel after data showed a surprising drop in U.S. crude inventories and as the dollar dipped anew , raising oil 's attraction as an investment alternative .
Crude oil for May delivery rose to an intraday high of $ 115.07 a barrel in late afternoon trading , before closing up $ 1.14 , or 1 % , at $ 114.93 on the New York Mercantile Exchange , also a new closing record .
See Futures Movers .
" Weak dollar , stronger gold and stronger crude are really the tones today , " said Zachary Oxman , a senior trader at Wisdom Financial .
" I 'd anticipate further buying into all things commodity led by crude right now , " Oxman said .
Also on the Nymex , May silver futures rallied 47 cents to end at $ 18.32 an ounce and July platinum futures rose $ 50.90 at $ 2,037.30 an ounce .
June palladium gained $ 6.25 at $ 460 an ounce .
May copper futures surged 10 cents to end at $ 3.96 a pound .
On the equities side , the Amex Gold Bugs Index HUI , soared 5.2 % to 475.16 points .
Missing Links
April 4 , 2008
Xinhuanet filed this on its Arabic - language website Wednesday evening ( April 2 ) , along with reports of other Baghdad violence :
Sources said a fire broke out in a residential apartment building in Sadr City , eastern Baghdad , the result of an American bombing .
The extent of damage is unknown , given the fact that Iraqi police barred entry to the aforementioned region , which has been under curfew for a number of days .
The Xinhua person apparently tried to get to the site , and reports that everyone was barred by Iraqi police .
Compare McClatchy ’s one sentence ( in its dispatch to its Washington office ) : " At dawn , the American planes bombed some targets in Sadr City , police said . "
And the " Multinational Force Iraq " website : Zero Other corporate media : Zero
Putting the reports and non-reports together : Sadr City targets , in the plural , were bombed by the Americans ; Xinhua heard about one of these because of the fire ; tried to get to the site and reports that everyone was barred .
Naturally , US bombings of a residential area that is in effect quarantined are a major story , right ?
Not at all , not a word , not a whisper , in the US media .
It has been widely reported that the US authorities think at least some of the rocket / mortar attacks on the Green Zone have been coming from the vicinity of the Green Zone .
Could yesterday ’s bombings in Sadr City have anything to do with that other big story about increasing accuracy in rocket and mortar attacks on the Green Zone , thought to be coming from Sadr City ?
( People unavoidably think in terms of images and already - experienced patters .
Would it not be a good idea for those thinking of the Green Zone attacks as leading to a helicopters - on - the - roof experience , to think instead about the Israel - Fatah - Hamas pattern in this GreenZone - Maliki - Sadr situation , resistance leading to quarantines , media blackouts , and the other accoutrements of collective punishment ? )
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This document was written for presentation during a tutorial session at the International Lisp Conference held in New York City in October 2003 .
The intended audience for the tutorial is anybody with a basic knowledge of lisp or scheme , who wants to know something about how to use the " Common Lisp Object System " ( CLOS ) .
However , in an attempt to provide something for everyone , the tutorial will cover :
an introduction to the 10 % of CLOS which you need to get you through 90 % of use cases ;
a number of opinionated statements , for instance about the differences between CLOS and other object systems ;
a brief look " under the hood " at how some of the more dynamic features of CLOS might be implemented ;
some exercises .
The author worked on the LispWorks project at Harlequin for ten years .
Since then he has taught lisp to undergraduates , written an open - source search engine , and taken up the stress - free existence of a software consultant .
The examples in this tutorial are available in a separate file examples .
lisp .
I hope to use the code in present .lisp to squirt them into a lisp listener during the tutorial .
This document is not confidential .
It is available on the web , at http://www.ravenbrook.com/doc/2003/07/15/clos-fundamentals/.
CLOS ( either one syllable rhyming with " dross " , or two syllables as in " see-loss " ) is the " Common Lisp Object System " .
The functionality belonging to this name was added to the Common Lisp language between the publication of Steele 's first edition of " Common Lisp , the Language " in 1984 and the formalization of the language as an ANSI standard ten years later .
The source material for CLOS was a report written in three chapters .
The first two , consisting of " Programmer Interface Concepts " and " Functions in the Programmer Interface " , will now be found as the two halves of chapter 28 in [ Steele 1990 ] and were the basis for relevant parts of the ANSI specification when it later appeared .
The third chapter , on the Metaobject protocol , was regarded ( by its authors , I believe ) as incomplete and never published .
This tutorial is also incomplete , but in a different sense : I have deliberately omitted as much as I could .
CLOS offers many alternate styles of working , as well as - in some considerable detail - a number of opportunities for applications to extend and reconfigure CLOS itself .
( Some of this detail will be covered in the following tutorial , on the " Metaobject Protocol " . )
The intention of this tutorial is to provide a sufficient grounding in the ( say ) 10 % of CLOS which covers 90 % of use cases - enough to get a novice off the ground .
We will access this 10 % by examining in some ( but not full ! ) detail two defining macros : defclass and defmethod .
As to what an object system is : I can only say that by the end of this tutorial you should have some idea of what CLOS has to offer .
( Is it just a collection of 33 functions , 8 macros and some interesting new types ?
Or is it something more profound ? )
Historically , and implementationally , all the concepts here are strongly related .
However , when you come to use them yourself you 'll find that in an application the relation is not so strong , and you can pick and choose what 's useful to you and leave alone what is n't .
These are listed in appendix A at the end of this document .
[ Keene 1989 ] is a very easy introduction and more thorough than the single chapter in [ Graham 1995 ] , but it will obviously take you longer to read .
[ Steele 1990 , otherwise known as " CLtl2 " ] is a handy reference guide , but do take a little care because it predates the ANSI specification - for which see the " hyperspec " [ Pitman 1996 ] - and differs in some important respects ( for a list of which see the end of appendix C in [ Graham 1995 ) .
A ( note : not " the " ) metaobject protocol , described in [ Kiczales et al 1991 , otherwise known as " AMOP " ] , gives many hints about configuration and implementation .
Theoretically this should not be an issue in any fully enabled Common Lisp , because CLOS is part of the language .
However , some implementations might expect you to ( require " clos " ) or similar .
Check your manual .
Most of the examples in this tutorial should work fine in any package which " uses " COMMON - LISP , and they should port to any conforming implementation .
The exceptions are marked as such .
I have tested the examples in LispWorks ( version 4.2.7 , used to generate all the examples below ) and Allegro CL ( version 6.2 ) .
Before we introduce the first of our two defining macros , let 's review its non object - oriented equivalent : defstruct .
The language provides you with a number of specialized data types ( cons , string , hash - table , etc. ) along with this mechanism for defining your own structures .
An example :
( defstruct point x y z )
The form is roughly equivalent to a struct declaration in C .
It defines a new type , called point , with three slots ( or fields if that 's a word you 're happier with ) called x , y and z .
Compactly , the above invocation of defstruct gives us all of the following :
A constructor function make - point , which takes keyword arguments :x :y and :z ( all defaulting to nil if not supplied ) .
Every time you call this function a new point is allocated and returned .
Any object returned by make - point will be of type point , and will respond enthusiastically to the predicate point -p .
Setfable accessors point-x , point-y and point - z can be used to read and modify the slots of any point object .
A shallow copier , copy - point .
Structures can have any number of slots , from zero up ( to some implementation - defined limit , e.g. 254 in LispWorks for Windows ) and - as with lists and general vectors - the slots can hold any values .
In this example , note the form in which structures are printed by default , and which can be parsed by the lisp reader .
CL - USER 1 > ( defstruct point x y z ) POINT CL - USER 2 > ( defun distance - from - origin ( point ) ( let* ( (x ( point - x point ) ) (y ( point -y point ) ) ( z ( point - z point ) ) ) ( sqrt (+ (* x x ) (* y y ) (* z z ) ) ) ) )
DISTANCE -FROM-ORIGIN CL -USER 3 > ( defun reflect - in - y - axis ( point ) ( setf ( point -y point ) (- ( point -y point ) ) ) ) REFLECT-IN-Y - AXIS CL - USER 4 > ( setf my - point ( make - point :x 3 :y 4 :z 12 ) ) # S( POINT X 3 Y 4 Z 12 ) CL - USER 5 > ( type - of my - point ) POINT CL - USER 6 > ( distance - from - origin my - point ) 13.0 CL - USER 7 > ( reflect - in - y - axis my - point ) - 4 CL - USER 8 > my - point # S( POINT X 3 Y - 4 Z 12 ) CL - USER 9 > ( setf a - similar - point # s ( point :x 3 :y - 4 :z 12 ) ) # S( POINT X 3 Y - 4 Z 12 ) CL - USER 10 > ( equal my - point a - similar - point ) NIL CL - USER 11 > ( equalp my - point a - similar - point ) T CL - USER 12 >
Note that defstruct has a number of options ( which we wo n't cover here ) , for describing inheritance , printing behaviour , slot types and defaults , and so on .
The macro used for defining new data types in CLOS is defclass .
An example :
( defclass point ( ) ( x y z ) )
Note but ignore the empty parentheses for now .
Note also the parentheses around the set of slot names ( unlike defstruct ) .
The above invocation gives us the following ( and no more ) :
A CLOS type ( or class ) named point .
Three slots in this class , again named x , y and z .
Note that - unlike defstruct above - defclass gives us none of the following : constructor , predicate , accessors ( unless we ask for them explicitly - see section 3.5 below ) , copier , #s print / read syntax .
You can generate similar functionality in CLOS , but it does n't come automatically the way it did with structures .
Quite often , you 'll find that you do n't need the power of CLOS and that defstruct is more than enough to meet your needs , not to mention being more convenient .
When I 'm writing an application , I typically start by defining my types with defstruct , and only change them to defclass when it becomes necessary to do so .
Note next that if a type has previously been defined as a structure , then you can't redefine it as a class .
( On the other hand , " the consequences of redefining a defstruct structure are undefined " so we should n't feel we 're losing out . )
We 'll sneak around that in this session by unintern ing the name of the old type :
CL - USER 12 > ( unintern ' point ) T CL - USER 13 > ( defclass point ( ) ( x y z ) ) #< STANDARD-CLASS POINT 2060C12C > CL - USER 14 > ( setf my - point ( make - instance ' point ) ) #< POINT 205FA53C > CL - USER 15 > ( type - of my - point ) POINT CL - USER 16 > ( defun set - point - values ( point x y z ) ( setf ( slot - value point ' x ) x ( slot - value point 'y ) y ( slot - value point ' z ) z ) ) SET - POINT -VALUES CL-USER 17 > ( set - point - values my - point 3 4 12 ) 12 CL - USER 18 > ( defun distance - from - origin ( point ) ( with - slots ( x y z ) point ( sqrt (+ (* x x ) (* y y ) (* z z ) ) ) ) )
DISTANCE -FROM-ORIGIN CL -USER 19 > ( distance - from - origin my - point ) 13.0 CL - USER 20 >
Note the following :
The use of make - instance to allocate an instance of our new class .
The " unreadable " printed representation of my - point in line 14 .
The setfable function slot - value used to access values in an instance 's slots .
The macro with - slots , for abbreviating calls to slot - value .
The first argument is a list of slot names .
The second argument evaluates to a CLOS instance ; this is followed by optional declarations and an implicit progn .
Lexically during the evaluation of the body , an access to any of these names as a variable is equivalent to accessing the corresponding slot of the CLOS instance .
Exercise : Rewrite set - point - values using with - slots .
Exercise : Use symbol - macrolet to implement with - slots .
Note that each name listed in the first argument to symbol - macrolet can be replaced by the pair ( variable - name slot - name ) .
Exercise : Write a macro defclass - plus which expands into a defclass plus some or all of the following , in the spirit of defstruct : constructor , predicate , accessors and copier .
This may get tedious , in which case convince yourself that you know what you 're doing and then stop .
Compare the values returned from the example calls to defstruct ( line 1 above ) and defclass ( line 13 ) .
The former does n't return anything useful , but the latter has returned a lisp object of some sort : #< STANDARD-CLASS POINT 275B78DC > .
This object is the class named point .
It 's a first class object within lisp : an embodiment of a CLOS type .
In fact it can be passed as the type argument to typep and subtypep .
It 's also a CLOS object , which means it must be an instance of a CLOS class , and we can find out what that class is , as in the example below .
CL - USER 20 > ( find - class ' point ) #< STANDARD -CLASS POINT 275B78DC > CL - USER 21 > ( class - name ( find - class ' point ) ) POINT CL - USER 22 > ( class - of my - point ) #< STANDARD -CLASS POINT 275B78DC > CL - USER 23 > ( typep my - point ( class - of my - point ) ) T CL - USER 24 > ( class - of ( class - of my - point ) ) #< STANDARD -CLASS STANDARD-CLASS
20306534 > CL - USER 25 >
The last of these looks a little scary at first .
The object my - point is an instance of the class named point ; the class named point is itself an instance of the class named standard - class .
We say that the class named standard - class is the metaclass ( i.e. the class of the class ) of my - point .
Notation : describing something as " the class named standard - class " may be correct but it does n't make for elegant reading .
When we refer to " the class standard - class " or even to standard - class , we generally mean the class named by that symbol .
Generously , the functions introduced in the last section also work on lisp objects which are not CLOS instances :
CL - USER 25 > ( let ( ( the - symbol - class ( find- class ' symbol ) ) ) ( values the - symbol - class ( class - name the - symbol - class ) ( eq the - symbol - class ( class - of ' symbol ) ) ( class - of the - symbol - class ) ) )
#< BUILT-IN -CLASS SYMBOL 20306474 > SYMBOL T #< STANDARD -CLASS BUILT-IN - CLASS 20306414 > CL - USER 26 >
Postponing to section 4.5 the question of why this might be useful to us , we see here that lisp symbol s are instances of the system class symbol .
This is one of 75 cases in which the language requires a class to exist with the same name as the corresponding lisp type .
Many of these cases are concerned with CLOS itself ( for example , the correspondence between the type standard - class and the CLOS class of that name ) or with the condition system ( which might or might not be built using CLOS classes in any given implementation ) .
However , 33 correspondences remain relating to " traditional " lisp types :
array hash - table readtable bit-vector integer real broadcast - stream list sequence character logical - pathname stream complex null string concatenated - stream number string - stream cons package symbol echo - stream pathname synonym - stream file - stream random - state t float ratio two - way - stream function rational vector
Note that not all " traditional " lisp types are included in this list .
( Consider : atom , fixnum , short - float , and any type not denoted by a symbol . )
The presence of t is interesting .
Just as every lisp object is of type t , every lisp object is also a member of the class named t .
This is a simple example of membership of more then one class at a time , and it brings into question the issue of inheritance , which we will consider in some detail later ( section 3.6 ) .
CL - USER 26 > ( find- class t) #< BUILT-IN -CLASS T 20305AEC > CL - USER 27 >
In addition to classes corresponding to lisp types , there is also a CLOS class for every structure type you define :
CL - USER 27 > ( defstruct foo ) FOO CL - USER 28 > ( class - of ( make - foo ) ) #< STRUCTURE -CLASS FOO 21DE8714 > CL - USER 29 >
The metaclass of a structure - object is the class structure - class .
It is implementation - dependent whether the metaclass of a " traditional " lisp object is standard - class ( as in section 3.3 ) , structure - class , or built - in - class .
Restrictions :
built - in - class
May not use make - instance , may not use slot - value , may not use defclass to modify , may not create subclasses .
structure - class
May not use make - instance , might work with slot - value ( implementation - dependent ) .
Use defstruct to subclass application structure types .
Consequences of modifying an existing structure - class are undefined : full recompilation may be necessary .
standard - class
None of these restrictions .
The full syntax for defclass is :
defclass class - name ( {superclass - name} * ) ( { slot - specifier} * ) [ [ class-option ] ]
We 'll discuss the second argument in section 3.6 below .
Class - options are outside the scope of this tutorial .
In this section , we 'll take a look at the slot - specifiers .
In the class definition of point above , each slot was specified simply by its name .
We can instead specify a slot thus :
( slot - name [ [ slot - option ] ] )
Each slot - option consists of a keyword followed by a value .
Among the keywords available are the following ; you can specify as many or few as you need .
Three of these keywords ( : accessor , : reader and : initarg ) may appear more than once for each slot , if you like .
: accessor Defines methods ( see section 4 below , think of them as functions for the time being ) , named by the given value , for reading and modifying the slot .
For example , : accessor point -x defines the functions point-x and ( setf point - x ) .
Using accessors is a Good Idea , because : you can use them as part of a documented interface without committing yourself to implementing the interface by means of a slot - value access in future ;
access in future ; you are rewarded for using them by having code that 's simpler and more compact .
: reader Defines a single method for reading the slot ; a read - only counterpart to :accessors .
: initarg Specifies a keyword which can be used to pass an initial value for this slot to make - instance ( an initialization argument ) . : initform
Specifies a default value for this slot , to be used if no initial value was specified explicitly .
This form is evaluated each time it 's needed , in the lexical environment of the defclass .
: allocation Specifies whether the value of this slot : can be different for each instance of the class ( : allocation : instance - the default - resulting in a local slot ) ; or
- the default - resulting in a ) ; or is shared between all instances of the class ( : allocation : class - resulting in a class slot ) .
In the following example , note the following :
the specification and use of the :x initialization argument for the slot x ;
the default value for the slot y ;
how changing the value of the class slot z - but not the local slots - affects all instances of the class ( whether or not those instances exist yet ) ;
the stylistic difference in line 33 between using an accessor ( daft -y ) and slot - value .
CL - USER 29 > ( defclass daft - point ( ) ( ( x : accessor daft - x :initarg :x ) ( y :accessor daft-y :initform 3.14159 ) ( z :reader daft - z :allocation : class ) ) )
#< STANDARD-CLASS DAFT -POINT
21DF867C > CL - USER 30 > ( setf ( slot - value ( make - instance ' daft - point ) ' z ) 42 ) 42 CL - USER 31 > ( setf my - daft - point ( make - instance ' daft- point :x 19 ) ) #< DAFT -POINT 205F264C > CL - USER 32 > ( list ( daft - x my - daft - point ) ( daft -y my - daft - point ) ( daft- z my - daft - point ) ) ( 19 3.14159 42 ) CL - USER 33 > ( let ( ( temp ( make - instance ' daft- point ) ) ) ( setf ( daft -y temp ) 999 ( slot - value temp ' z ) 0 ) ) 0 CL - USER 34 > ( list ( daft - x my - daft - point ) ( daft -y my - daft - point ) ( daft- z my - daft - point ) ) ( 19 3.14159 0 ) CL - USER 35 >
Exercise : Find a defstruct form and " port to CLOS " one of its slot options ( or more if they 're interesting ) .
Suppose we want two classes to share behaviour , in the sense that one of them ( the subclass ) is defined in terms of the other ( the superclass ) .
This leads us to the notion of inheritance , common in some form to all object systems .
For example :
CL - USER 35 > ( defclass animal ( ) ( ( legs : reader leg - count :initarg : legs ) ( comes - from : reader comes - from :initarg : comes-from ) ) )
#< STANDARD-CLASS ANIMAL 2150BA0C > CL - USER 36 > ( defclass mammal ( animal ) ( ( diet :initform ' antelopes :initarg : diet ) ) ) #< STANDARD-CLASS MAMMAL 2150A894 > CL - USER 37 > ( defclass aardvark ( mammal ) ( ( cute - p :accessor cute - p :initform nil ) ) )
#< STANDARD-CLASS AARDVARK 2150A5D4 > CL - USER 38 >
In this example , mammal is defined ( by line 36 ) to be a subclass of animal .
This means that every instance of mammal is also an instance of animal .
If we ( make - instance ' mammal ) , we get an object with three slots : diet which comes directly from the definition of mammal , plus legs and comes - from which are both inherited from the definition of animal .
Similarly , every aardvark is both a mammal and an animal , and has four slots , three of which are inherited from superclasses .
Note that the subclass relationship is transitive - aardvark is an ( indirect ) subclass of animal , via mammal .
Therefore you do not need to explicitly list animal as a superclass of aardvark .
Figure 1 . Aardvark is a subclass of mammal which is a subclass of animal .
The arrows denote the superclass relationship .
In CLOS , these relationships can be queried by the readers class - direct - superclasses and class - precedence - list .
( Implementation note : these two functions are not part of Common Lisp .
In LispWorks they 're available via your default package - use - list , in Allegro they 're exported from ACLMOP .
Also in Allegro , you have to have made an instance of aardvark before you can interrogate its precedence list . )
CL - USER 38 > ( class - direct - superclasses ( find- class ' aardvark ) ) ( #< STANDARD-CLASS MAMMAL 2150A894 >) CL - USER 39 > ( class - precedence - list ( find- class ' aardvark ) ) ( #< STANDARD-CLASS AARDVARK 2150A5D4 > #< STANDARD-CLASS MAMMAL 2150A894 > #< STANDARD-CLASS ANIMAL 2150BA0C > #< STANDARD-CLASS STANDARD-OBJECT
20305B4C > #< BUILT-IN -CLASS T 20305AEC >) CL - USER 40 >
The class - precedence - list of a class is a list which starts from that class and recursively shows superclasses , in order .
The first three elements in the above list come as no surprise but the other two merit brief discussion .
All CLOS objects ( anything allocated by calling make - instance ) are instances of the system class standard - object .
In other words , all instances of standard - class es inherit from standard - object .
You do not ever have to list standard - object as a superclass because it 's there implicitly .
( defclass foo ( ) ( ) ) and ( defclass foo ( standard - object ) ( ) ) are the same .
All classes are subclasses of the class named t , which we introduced in section 3.4 above .
Now consider this :
CL - USER 40 > ( defclass figurine ( ) ( ( potter :accessor made - by :initarg : made - by ) ( comes - from :initarg : made - in ) ) ) #< STANDARD-CLASS FIGURINE 205FBD1C > CL - USER 41 > ( defclass figurine - aardvark ( aardvark figurine ) ( ( name : reader aardvark - name :initarg :aardvark - name ) ( diet :initform nil ) ) )
#< STANDARD-CLASS FIGURINE -AARDVARK
205FF354 > CL - USER 42 >
The class figurine - aardvark here inherits its behaviour from two direct superclasses .
Any instance of this class will therefore also be an instance of each of these two classes , and of all their superclasses .
This is called multiple inheritance .
It 's a terribly useful feature of CLOS .
Not all OO systems support it .
For example , consider implements in Java , where you can have full inheritance from no more than one superclass and a highly restricted form of inheritance from any others .
Multiple inheritance in CLOS is symmetric between as many superclasses as you want to specify .
Ensure that the OO system you 're using supports full multiple inheritance .
Note that , because every CLOS class inherits from standard - object , a feature of multiple inheritance is the presence of " loops " in the class inheritance diagram .
Calculating the precedence list is no longer straightforward ( look up topological sorting ) , but it 's worth knowing that the result has to be compatible with ( a ) the order of explicitly named superclasses and ( b ) the class precedence lists of all superclasses .
CL - USER 42 > ( class - precedence - list ( find-class ' figurine -aardvark ) ) ( #< STANDARD-CLASS FIGURINE -AARDVARK
2150938C > #< STANDARD-CLASS AARDVARK 2150A5D4 > #< STANDARD-CLASS MAMMAL 2150A894 > #< STANDARD-CLASS ANIMAL 2150BA0C > #< STANDARD-CLASS FIGURINE 2150A06C >
#< STANDARD-CLASS STANDARD-OBJECT
20305B4C > #< BUILT-IN -CLASS T 20305AEC >) CL - USER 43 >
Let 's now turn to look at the slots of figurine - aardvark :
legs - inherited from animal ;
- inherited from ; comes - from - inherited from animal and figurine ;
- inherited from and ; diet - inherited from mammal , also a direct slot in figurine - aardvark ;
- inherited from , also a direct slot in ; cute - p - inherited from aardvark ;
- inherited from ; potter - inherited from figurine ;
- inherited from ; name - direct slot in figurine - aardvark .
What happens if a slot with some given name appears more than once in the precedence list ?
The answer is that the subclass ends up with only one slot of that name , and that slot 's properties are a combination of the properties of the slots which it inherited .
The rules for combining each option are as follows :
: accessor and : reader - the union of accessors / readers from all the inherited slots ; see section 4 below for the sense in which this works if names are repeated .
: initarg - the union of initialization arguments from all the inherited slots .
For example , the valid : initarg s for the comes - from slot in figurine - aardvark are : comes - from and : made - in .
: initform - the most specific default initial value form ( i.e. the first : initform for that slot in the precedence list ) .
For example , the : initform for a figurine - aardvark 's diet is nil .
: allocation - not inherited ; controlled solely by the class being defined ; defaults to : instance .
Example :
CL - USER 43 > ( setf Eric ( make - instance ' figurine - aardvark : legs 4 : made - by " Jen " : made - in " Brittany " : aardvark - name " Eric " ) )
#< FIGURINE -AARDVARK 206108BC > CL - USER 44 > ( shiftf ( cute - p Eric ) t) NIL CL - USER 45 > ( slot - value Eric ' diet ) NIL CL - USER 46 >
Be warned that inheritance is fairly easy to misuse , and multiple inheritance is multiply so , so please take a little care .
Ask yourself whether foo really wants to inherit from bar , or whether instances of foo want a slot containing a bar .
A good general guide is that if foo and bar are " same sort of thing " then it 's correct to mix them together by inheritance , but if they 're really separate concepts then you should use slots to keep them apart .
For instance , suppose your application wants to draw a picture of a traffic light .
The class drawable - traffic - light probably wants to inherit from drawable and to have a slot pointing to each instance 's traffic - light .
Mixing the classes together with this flashy multiple inheritance stuff will just lead to spaghetti .
If following your code depends on an intimate understanding of how topological sorting works , or detailed examination of many classes to figure out why you did n't get the : initform you wanted , then you 've overdone it by a long way .
Back off .
Exercise :
For which features of defstruct have we not yet covered the CLOS counterparts ?
Exercise :
Take an application which uses structures , rewrite it using defclass , and get it working again .
Exercise :
Use your lisp implementation , to take a look at the class - precedence - list of ( the class of ) nil .
This section briefly covers two topics : redefinition of an existing class , and changing an instance of one class into an instance of another .
In both cases we 'll gloss over the details : suffice it to say that they 're hairy but everything 's configurable .
To redefine a class , simply evaluate a new defclass form .
This then takes the place of the old definition , the existing class object is updated , and all instances of the class ( and - recursively - its subclasses ) are updated to reflect the new definition .
For example :
CL - USER 46 > ( list Eric ( class - of Eric ) ( slot - exists - p Eric ' has - tail - p ) ) ( #< FIGURINE -AARDVARK 2112B44C > #< STANDARD-CLASS FIGURINE -AARDVARK
2150938C > NIL ) CL - USER 47 > ( defclass animal ( ) ( ( legs : reader leg - count :initarg : legs ) ( has - tail - p : reader has - tail - p :initform t ) ( comes - from : reader comes - from :initarg : comes-from ) ) )
#< STANDARD-CLASS ANIMAL 2150BA0C > CL - USER 48 > ( list Eric ( class - of Eric ) ( slot - value Eric ' has - tail - p ) ) ( #< FIGURINE -AARDVARK 2112B44C > #< STANDARD-CLASS FIGURINE -AARDVARK
2150938C > T ) CL - USER 49 >
You can redefine classes while an application is running , in just the same way and for the same reasons as you can redefine functions .
The great strength of class redefinition though is during application development .
For example , you can revisit a class and add a slot or a superclass that you had n't thought about earlier , without having to recompile anything other than the new defclass , and without invalidating any of your objects .
To change the class of an instance , use change - class :
CL - USER 49 > ( defclass antelope ( mammal ) ( ( diet : reader munched - by ) ) ) #< STANDARD-CLASS ANTELOPE 2061A14C> CL - USER 50 > ( change - class Eric ' antelope : diet ' greens ) #< ANTELOPE 2112B44C> CL - USER 51 > ( list ( slot - exists - p Eric ' potter ) ( munched - by Eric ) ) ( NIL GREENS ) CL - USER 52 >
In the above example , a ceramic aardvark has become a graceful Old World ruminant , automatically losing the slot potter and explicitly being put on a healthy diet of greens ( among other changes ) .
Leaving aside questions of animal cruelty , this is a powerful feature of CLOS although probably one which you wo n't use very often .
We 'll conclude this part of the tutorial by looking at a possible implementation for instances , covering :
access to local and class slots ,
how an instance knows its class but why a class does n't know its instances ,
preservation of identity when a class is redefined ,
lazy updating of slots .
This section is extremely implementation - specific , although I have a sneaky feeling that many implementations will have followed a similar route .
The examples are for illustrative purposes only .
A wrapper is an internal structure .
Every class - including structure - classes and built - in - classes - has a wrapper .
The class points to the wrapper and the wrapper points back to the class .
Every call to make - instance allocates two new structures : a vector of instance slots and the instance itself .
The internal structure of the instance is small : it has two slots , pointing to the wrapper and to the slots vector .
We can define class - of like this .
( defun class - of ( object ) ( if ( built - in - object - p object ) ( built - in - class - of object ) ;; structures wrappers are similar enough to CLOS instances ( wrapper - class ( instance - wrapper object ) ) ) )
The wrapper has the following slots ( note the absence of pointers from the wrapper to the instance ) :
class - points to the instance 's class .
cache - number - a fixnum unique to the class definition ; every time a class is defined ( including structure and built - in classes , for reasons which will be made clear at the end of section 4 ) some global variable is incremented and its value is used for the new wrapper .
instance - slot - names - a sequence of the instance 's local slot names .
This serves to describe the instance 's slot layout .
shared - slots - an association list of shared slot names and the corresponding values .
( Implementation note : the function wrapper - of below is not part of Common Lisp .
In Allegro it 's in the EXCL package . )
CL - USER 52 > ( clos : : wrapper - of Eric ) #< record 1513 ( LEGS HAS - TAIL-P COMES-FROM DIET ) NIL #< STANDARD -CLASS ANTELOPE 2115243C >> CL - USER 53 >
An implementation of slot - value might take the following lines , if it were n't for issues of inefficiency and - in particular - several failures to follow the CLOS API which we wo n't go into here .
( defun slot - value ( instance slot - name ) ( validate - instance instance ) ; See below ( let* ( ( wrapper ( instance - wrapper instance ) ) ( local - slot - names ( wrapper - local - slot - names wrapper ) ) ( local - position ( position slot - name local - slot - names ) ) ( value ( if local - position ;;
It 's a local slot .
( let ( ( local - slots ( instance - slots instance ) ) ) ( svref local - slots local - position ) ) ( let* ( ( shared - slots ( wrapper - shared - slots wrapper ) ) ( shared - slot ( assoc slot - name shared - slots ) ) ) ( if shared - slot ;;
It 's a class slot .
( cdr shared - slot ) ;;
It 's not a slot of this instance .
( slot - missing - error instance slot - name ) ) ) ) ) ) ( if ( eq value ( the - unbound - slot - value ) ) ;;
The slot - value has not yet been set .
Always an error in CLOS .
( slot - unbound - error instance slot - name ) value ) ) )
If a class is redefined it gets a new wrapper with a new cache - number , and reflecting the new slot layout .
The cache - number of the old wrapper is zeroed ( this marks the wrapper as invalidated ) .
Nothing else is done at this stage .
CLOS does n't require instances to be updated until they 're " touched " by the application .
A class could therefore be updated several times without any work having to be done on its instances .
Every time the application accesses an instance - for example in the definition of slot - value above - the CLOS system needs to know whether that instance has been invalidated , and this check must be cheap because it 's going to happen often .
In practice , validate - instance and everything it calls , except the revalidation function , would be implemented as macros or inlined functions to keep the overheads down .
( defun validate - instance ( instance ) ( let ( ( wrapper ( instance - wrapper instance ) ) ) ( when ( zerop ( wrapper - cache - number wrapper ) ) ;;
Instance needs revalidation ( revalidate - instance instance ) ) ) )
Revalidation is a laborious process , but the general plan is clear enough : you follow the chain of pointers through to the new slot - layout , compare it with the old layout , and build a new slots vector using the new description and as many of the old values as are still valid .
The instance is left pointing to its fresh slot vector and the new class wrapper .
Final notes :
change - class follows a route similar to the revalidation described above , setting the new class wrapper and a fresh slot vector into an existing instance ;
class - of does n't require validation : the old class was modified rather than replaced and so the old wrapper points to the ( updated ) class ;
indirection through wrappers ( see figure 4 above ) permits dynamic lookup of slot names , EQ ness through dynamic redefinition , and lazy modification , all at a low overhead .
The step up from functions to methods parallels the move from structures to instances .
Suppose we want to implement our own - simplified - version of describe :
CL - USER 53 > ( defun my - describe ( thing ) ( typecase thing ( cons ( describe - cons thing ) ) ( symbol ( describe - symbol thing ) ) ( array ( describe - array thing ) ) ( number ( describe - number thing ) ) ;; [ etc etc etc ] ( t ( describe - whatever thing ) ) ) )
MY - DESCRIBE CL - USER 54 > ( defun describe - symbol ( symbol ) ( let ( ( package ( symbol - package symbol ) ) ( boundp ( boundp symbol ) ) ) ( format t " ~s is a symbol . ~
It ~:[ ~*does not have a home ~ ; is in the ~ s~ ] package . ~
Its value is ~:[ unbound ~;~s~ ] . " symbol package ( when package ( package - name package ) ) boundp ( when boundp ( symbol - value symbol ) ) ) ) )
DESCRIBE -SYMBOL CL -USER 55 > ( my - describe : foo ) :FOO is a symbol .
It is in the " KEYWORD " package .
Its value is :FOO .
NIL CL - USER 56 > ( my - describe '# : foo ) #:FOO is a symbol .
It does not have a home package .
Its value is unbound .
NIL CL - USER 57 >
There are a number of problems with this :
There 's no obligation on typecase to be efficient .
Of course in the case of my - describe this does n't matter , because the code only runs once per user interaction and so nobody will ever notice if it is n't as fast as it might have been .
But discrimination according to the type of some program value is a common operation in lisp and there are many occasions ( e.g. implementing a GUI ) where the number of possibilities may be non-trivial and the overheads in working down a case list are unacceptable .
We have to take care ordering the statements ( the case for null would have to preceed symbol . )
Suppose we wanted to discriminate according to the types of more than one value ?
( typecase ( cons thing stream ) ( ( cons array non-scrollable - io ) ( describe - array - non - scrollable array stream ) ) ( ( cons array scrollable - io ) ( describe - array - scrollable array stream ) ) ( ( cons array output - stream ) ( describe - array - general - stream array stream ) ) ...)
As we keep on thinking up cases , the definition of my - describe gets longer and longer , as we keep revisiting it to add more clauses .
The names of subsidiary functions also risk getting longer and longer .
( Suppose we discriminate on three values , or four ... )
The code rapidly gets less readable .
The defining macro for controlling type - based discrimination in CLOS is defmethod .
An example :
CL - USER 57 > ( fmakunbound ' my - describe ) MY - DESCRIBE CL - USER 58 > ( defmethod my - describe ( thing ) ( format t " ~s could be anything , for all I care . " thing ) )
#< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE NIL ( T ) 205EA9E4 > CL - USER 59 > ( defmethod my - describe ( ( animal animal ) ) ( format t " ~s is an animal .
It has ~d leg~ : p ~ and comes from ~ a. " animal ( leg- count animal ) ( comes - from animal ) ) )
#< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE NIL ( ANIMAL ) 205F476C > CL - USER 60 > ( my- describe Eric ) #< ANTELOPE 2112B44C > is an animal .
It has 4 legs and comes from Brittany .
NIL CL - USER 61 > ( my - describe ( make - instance ' figurine ) ) #< FIGURINE 205FFD14 > could be anything , for all I care .
NIL CL - USER 62 >
The defmethod form looks like - and is similar to - a defun .
It associates a body of code with the function name my - describe but - unlike an ordinary function - that body may only be executed if the types of the arguments match the pattern declared by the lambda list .
Note that the syntax for invoking a method is precisely the same as the syntax for invoking an ordinary function .
You cannot tell from the calling code ( e.g. lines 60 and 61 above ) whether the call is to an ordinary function or a CLOS method .
You can call methods from ordinary functions , and ordinary functions from methods , and generally mix them together .
Moving onto the defmethod form itself , the way that pattern matching works is that the required parameters in the method 's lambda list may take one of the following two forms : variable or ( variable specializer ) .
In the first case , variable is bound to the corresponding argument value as usual .
However in the latter case , variable is bound to the corresponding argument only if that argument is of class specializer ( or a subclass ) .
If any argument fails to match its specializer then the method is not applicable and it cannot be executed with those arguments .
You can define any number of methods with the same function name but with different specializers .
The system chooses the most specific applicable method - that is , the applicable method whose specializers are nearest to the head of the class - precedence - list corresponding to each argument - and executes its body .
In the above example , we defined two methods on my - describe .
The first one does not specialize on its argument and so that method is always applicable .
The second method specializes its argument on the class animal , and so is applicable only if this argument is an animal .
In line 60 we describe an animal .
Both methods are applicable .
How does the system choose which one to invoke ?
CL - USER 62 > ( mapcar ' class - name ( class - precedence - list ( class - of Eric ) ) ) ( ANTELOPE MAMMAL ANIMAL STANDARD-OBJECT T) CL - USER 63 >
The specialized method is more specific because its specializer appears earlier in the precedence list than that of the unqualified ( or default ) method : animal precedes t .
Another way of expressing this is that the specialized method overrides the unqualified one .
In line 61 we describe a figurine .
This time only one of the two methods is applicable , because the class figurine is not a subclass of animal .
This matching process has two consequences :
dispatch by discrimination according to the type of a program value , which is just what we were looking for ; and
as an interesting side effect , an implied guarantee about the class of a specialized value inside the method body , which has implications for optimization ( for example , of calls to slot - value ) .
Notes :
It 's an error to define a method with the same function name as an ordinary function , hence the call to fmakunbound above .
Methods can be redefined ( exactly as for ordinary functions ) .
The order in which methods are defined is irrelevant , although any classes on which they specialize must already exist .
An unspecialized argument is more or less equivalent to being specialized on the class t .
The only difference is that all specialized arguments are implicitly taken to be " referred to " ( in the sense of declare ignore . )
Each defmethod form generates ( and returns ) a CLOS instance , of class standard - method .
Exercise : All CLOS objects are printed by a method on print - object , whose arguments are ( object stream ) .
Define methods for printing aardvark s and antelope s more interestingly than by the default method .
How might the default method ( for printing a standard - object ) be defined ?
Exercise ( in which I am indebted to Steve Haflich for his clarifications ) :
Consider the following code and form unassailable opinions as to the circumstances in which a compiler might be entitled to eliminate either of the tests in the method body .
( defclass frob ( standard - object ) ( ) ) ( defmethod foo ( ( baz frob ) ) ( loop initially ( mangle ) while baz do ( etypecase baz ( frob ( setf baz ( bar baz ) ) ) ) ) ) )
A generic function is a lisp function which is associated with a set of methods and dispatches them when it 's invoked .
All the methods with the same function name belong to the same generic function .
The first time we defined a method on my - describe , we implicitly created a generic function with that name .
The generic function initially had a single method , until we added a second method with the same name .
( Implementation note : the functions generic - function - methods and method - generic - function below are not part of Common Lisp .
In LispWorks they 're available via your default package - use - list , in Allegro they 're exported from ACLMOP .)
CL - USER 63 > #'my - describe #< STANDARD -GENERIC-FUNCTION
MY - DESCRIBE 21111C2A > CL - USER 64 > ( generic - function - methods #'my - describe ) ( #< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE NIL ( T ) 2110B544 > #< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE NIL ( ANIMAL ) 21111BF4 >) CL - USER 65 > ( method-generic - function ( car * ) ) #< STANDARD-GENERIC-FUNCTION
MY - DESCRIBE 21111C2A > CL - USER 66 >
Some notes :
In section 4.2 above we mentioned " invoking a method " .
To be accurate , the application cannot directly invoke a method .
If the application calls a function which happens to be a generic function , then this will dispatch to ( i.e. invoke ) the most applicable method .
Methods can have optional , keyword and &rest arguments .
These must be compatible ( congruent lambda lists ) between every method of each generic function .
For example , if there existed an optional stream argument in one of the two methods on my - describe then this argument would have to be present and optional in the other .
All slot accessors / readers defined by defclass are methods .
They can override or be overridden by other methods on the same generic function .
When a generic function is invoked , the dispatch mechanism proceeds as follows :
compute the list of applicable methods ; if no method is applicable then signal an error ; sort the applicable methods in order of specificity ; invoke the most specific method .
During the execution of a method , the remaining applicable methods are still accessible , via the local function call - next - method .
This function has lexical scope within the body of a method but indefinite extent .
It invokes the next most specific method , and returns whatever value that method returned .
It can be called with either :
no arguments , in which case the next method will receive exactly the same arguments as this method did ; or
explicit arguments , in which case it is required that the sorted set of methods applicable to the new arguments must be the same as that computed when the generic function was first called .
Calling call - next - method when there is no next method signals an error .
You can find out whether a next method exists by calling the local function next - method - p ( which also has has lexical scope and indefinite extent ) .
CL - USER 66 > ( defmethod my - describe ( ( antelope antelope ) ) ( if ( string= ( slot - value antelope ' comes - from ) " Brittany " ) ( format t " Eric ?
Is that you ? " ) ( call - next - method ) ) )
#< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE NIL ( ANTELOPE ) 20603594 > CL - USER 67 > ( my - describe ( make - instance ' antelope :comes- from ' nowhere :legs 4 ) ) #< ANTELOPE 205ECB64 > is an animal .
It has 4 legs and comes from NOWHERE .
NIL CL - USER 68 > ( my- describe Eric ) Eric ?
Is that you ?
NIL CL - USER 69 >
Note finally that the body of every method establishes a block with the same name as the method 's generic function .
If you return - from that name you are exiting the current method , not the call to the enclosing generic function .
Exercise : Use your lisp implementation , to take a look at the class - precedence - list of generic functions .
Exercise :
When you evaluate ( comes - from Eric ) , from which class is the reader inherited ?
Override this method , so that Antelopes always come from Africa .
( This is n't true , but it 's an improvement . )
Exercise : Experiment with the indefinite extent of call - next - method .
This preposterous claim is the product of a diseased imagination .
However many OO systems feel obliged to try and enforce it .
Try to avoid having to program in one of these .
As far as CLOS is concerned , the truth is that - with the exception of slot accessors - all of your application 's functionality lives in function and method definitions , not in classes .
It 's sometimes appropriate to place methods applicable to some class into the same file as that class .
It 's sometimes appropriate to place all the methods of a generic function into a single file .
There are no language constraints on this .
Hand in hand with the title of this section comes the notion of message passing .
This derives from OO systems which only allow you to specialize on the first argument .
This argument is then given linguistic prominence , and the function call is given a new syntax to reflect that :
Eric < -( my - describe )
You 'd read that as send the message my - describe to Eric ( in this case with no additional arguments ) .
C++ is an obvious culprit : Eric::my_describe( ) ;
CLOS supports multi-methods - methods that can specialize on more than one argument .
Although you might not use that much , it 's liberating .
Not only does it free you from the truly horrid code you can end up with as programmers struggle to get around the restrictions of the message - passing paradigm , but it implies that methods do n't have to live inside classes .
( If a method specializes on two classes , which one would it live in ? )
A consequence is that you can redefine one of your methods without having to recompile the class and with it 500 other methods .
That 's nice .
A stylistic note : there 's an occasional tendency , maybe borrowed from languages which do n't support multi-methods , to call " the " specialized argument self :
( defmethod wibble ( ( self aardvark ) ... ) ...)
If the methods of a generic function only specialize on the same argument , this is no better or worse than calling arguments after the class they specialize :
( defmethod wibble ( ( aardvark aardvark ) ... ) ...)
Do whatever makes your code clearer .
Exercise : Lisp 's describe is implemented by the generic function describe - object .
Implementations are expected to define sufficient methods ( and users are encouraged to add more if they like ) , specializing on the two arguments object and stream .
Discuss whether the implementors should group all the methods on describe - object into one file , or spread them around ( so that - for instance a method specializing on aardvark s should be in the file " aardvark.lisp " along with the class definition and other methods ) .
What are the issues ?
Exercise : Find some excuse to specialize a method on its second argument , or on more than one argument .
The examples of methods shown so far all specialize on standard - class es .
That is n't necessary .
You can specialize on any CLOS class : for example the system classes listed near the top of section 3.4 , or any structure class .
CL - USER 69 > ( defmethod my - describe ( ( self structure - object ) ) ( format t " ~s is a structure object . " self ) )
#< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE NIL ( STRUCTURE-OBJECT ) 205F5744 > CL - USER 70 > ( my - describe ( make - foo ) ) # S ( FOO ) is a structure object .
NIL CL - USER 71 > ( defmethod my - describe ( ( self foo ) ) ( format t " bar " ) ) #< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE NIL ( FOO ) 205F3ADC > CL - USER 72 > ( my - describe ( make - foo ) ) bar NIL CL - USER 73 >
You can use methods in your code without ever defining a CLOS class , just as you can use CLOS classes without a single defmethod .
These two parts of CLOS are independent - think of them as two object systems for the price of one .
Another form of specializer , which will occasionally be useful , is known as an eql specializer .
In this case , the specializing class name is replaced by a list whose first element is the symbol eql and whose second value is any lisp form .
That form is evaluated at the same time as the defmethod .
In order for the method to be applicable , the corresponding argument must be eql to the result of that evaluation .
An eql method is more specific than one specializing on classes .
CL - USER 73 > ( defmethod my - describe ( ( self ( eql pi ) ) ) ( format t " approximately 22/7 " ) )
#< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE NIL ( ( EQL 3.141592653589793 ) ) 2060E57C > CL - USER 74 > ( defmethod my - describe ( ( self float ) ) ( format t " some float " ) )
#< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE NIL ( FLOAT ) 2061EEF4 > CL - USER 75 > ( my - describe pi ) approximately 22/7 NIL CL - USER 76 >
Exercise : Write a method on my - describe for lists .
Exercise : Write a method on print - object for Eric the antelope .
Change the class - of Eric .
Do you expect your method to still be applicable ?
Let 's start with a word of warning .
Reckless use of method combination can - like an unfettered hand with multiple inheritance - tangle your code beyond recognition .
The full syntax for defmethod is :
defmethod function - name { method - qualifier} * specialized - lambda - list [ [ declaration * | documentation ] ] form *
We 're only going to look here at the default , or standard method combination .
( Other method combinations are available , and you can even define your own but I 'm not sure I 've ever met anyone who did . )
With standard method combination , no more than one method qualifier is permitted per method , and if present is must be one of the following keywords : : before , : after and : around .
The methods without a qualifier are known as primary methods .
The full dispatch mechanism for generic functions is as follows ; note that : before and : after methods are only run for their side effects .
compute the applicable methods , and partition them into separate lists according to their qualifier ; if there is no applicable primary method then signal an error ; sort each of the lists into order of specificity ; execute the most specific : around method and return whatever that returns ; if an : around method invokes call - next - method , execute the next most specific : around method ; if there were no : around methods in the first place , or if an : around method invokes call - next - method but there are no further : around methods to call , then proceed as follows : run all the : before methods , in order , ignoring any return values and not permitting calls to call - next - method or next - method - p ; execute the most specific primary method and return whatever that returns ; if a primary method invokes call - next - method , execute the next most specific primary method ; if a primary method invokes call - next - method but there are no further primary methods to call then signal an error ; after the primary method(s ) have completed , run all the : after methods , in reverse order , ignoring any return values and not permitting calls to call - next - method or next - method -p .
If you think all this looks insanely complicated , you 're probably right .
Think of it as an onion , with all the : around methods in the outermost layer , : before and : after methods in the middle layer , and primary methods on the inside .
Be grateful there are only three layers .
To make the model work , it helps conceptually to pair : before and : after methods like this :
( defmethod spong : before - and - after ( &rest args ) ( let ( ( before ( find - method #'spong '( : before ) args ) ) ( after ( find - method #'spong '( : after ) args ) ) ) ( when before ( invoke - method before args ) ) ( multiple-value-prog1 ( call-next - before - and - after - method ) ( when after ( invoke - method after args ) ) ) ) )
Note how this gives us a reversed order for : after methods .
This happens quite naturally , which might explain why the reversal was specified in the first place .
In real life ( you hope ) the situation wo n't get that complicated .
A simple example : my - describe suppressing return values .
CL - USER 76 > ( defmethod my - describe : around ( self ) ( call - next - method ) ( values ) ) #< STANDARD-METHOD MY - DESCRIBE
(: AROUND ) ( T ) 20605A34 > CL - USER 77 > ( my- describe Eric ) Eric ?
Is that you ?
CL - USER 78 >
Another example :
The CLOS implementation of make - instance is in two stages : allocate the new object , and then pass it along with all the make - instance keyword arguments , to the generic function initialize - instance .
Implementors and application writers define : after methods on initialize - instance , to initialize the slots of the instance .
The system - supplied primary method does this with regard to ( a ) : initform and : initarg values supplied with the class was defined and ( b ) the keywords passed through from make - instance .
Other methods can extend this behaviour as they see fit .
For example , they might accept an additional keyword which invokes a database access to fill certain slots .
The lambda list for initialize - instance is :
initialize - instance instance &rest initargs &key &allow - other - keys
Exercise : Add an : after method to initialize - instance to make all aardvarks come from Cambridge , England .
Add another method ( qualified how ? ) to prohibit the following interaction :
( make - instance ' cannibal : diet ( make - instance ' cannibal ) )
Exercise :
You might choose to regard initialize - instance as a souped - up analogue of the constructors offered by other OO systems .
But CLOS does n't offer a destructor .
Should this matter ?
Computing , sorting and executing a list of applicable methods are time - consuming operations .
An implementation will typically want to cache its results and reuse them as often - but as cheaply - as possible .
An implementor once told me that his aim was to make " best case " generic function dispatch no more than three times slower than calling an ordinary function .
The method cache cannot be calculated in advance , because ( a ) we typically do n't know what arguments might be passed to the generic function in future and ( b ) there are so many classes in the system that the cache might be enormous , particularly if the generic function specializes on more than one argument .
Therefore the cache has to be augmented on the fly as the application runs .
The following strategies might be useful :
A generic function is both a function and a CLOS instance .
Implement the former by closing system template code over the latter .
Implement method execution ( steps 4 though 6 in the " full dispatch mechanism " described in section 4.6 above ) by closing pre-compiled templates over sorted lists of applicable methods , thus generating combined methods .
A combined method is a funcallable object which takes the same arguments as the generic function , and which handles the all aspects of method combination when the arguments are of given classes .
Only invoke the compiler - i.e. only generate fresh dispatch code - if no pre-compiled template exists .
For example , the implementation might be prepared for generic functions which specialize on up to ten arguments , and then some benevolent user writes a generic function which specializes on all eleven .
Maintain a " slow - lookup " cache within each generic function , associating classes of arguments against combined methods .
This cache is augmented every time the generic function is called with arguments whose classes have not previously been seen by the generic function .
Also maintain optimized " fast - lookup " caches , associating classes of the arguments used in the last few calls to this generic function against combined methods .
If a new method is added , throw away the caches rather than attempt to modify them .
Method definition is much rarer than method invocation .
Consider special cases .
For example , a gratifyingly high proportion of generic functions in a typical application will only have one method , and these can be optimized accordingly .
The assumption behind the fast - lookup cache is that any given call to a generic function is likely to have arguments of the same class as one of the last few calls .
This cache is responsible for the " no more than three times slower " property mentioned above , and so has to be very fast indeed .
A possible implementation is as a flat vector , using the following lookup scheme .
Note that this scheme does not allocate .
Obtain the wrapper of the first specialized argument ( recall : wrappers are associated with all lisp objects , not just CLOS instances ) .
For CLOS or structure objects this is very fast , for built - in objects it 's worth optimizing .
Validate the wrapper ( so the cache - number will be up to date ) .
Fetch the wrapper 's cache - number , divide it by the length of the cache vector , and take the remainder .
Use this value as an index into the cache .
If the value in the cache at that location is the wrapper in question , we look at the next location and compare that with the wrapper of the next specialized argument , and so on until we 've matched all the arguments against wrappers in the cache .
If we get that far , we look one location further on still and there we hope to find the combined method .
If any of the above failed , we have a cache miss .
Go to the list of classes and combined methods in the main cache and use assoc to locate the combined method .
( If this too fails , calculate the combined method - at this point we have to bite the bullet and allocate - and add it to the slow cache . )
Write the argument wrappers and combined method into the fast cache .
To discuss over dinner :
How large do you think the fast - lookup cache should be ?
To discuss over dinner :
How might an implementation optimize the process of obtaining the wrappers of built - in objects ( such as numbers and strings ) ?
Answers involving assoc on the type , or typecase , are incorrect .
To discuss over dinner :
How might the above be modified to take account of eql methods ?
[ Graham 1995 ] " ANSI Common Lisp " ; Paul Graham ; Prentice Hall ; 1995 ; ISBN 0133708756 .
See http://www.paulgraham.com/acl.html [ Keene 1989 ] " Object - Oriented Programming in Common Lisp " ; Sonya E. Keene ; Addison - Wesley ; 1989 ; ISBN 0201175894 .
[ Kiczales et al 1991 ]
" The Art of the Metaobject Protocol " ; Gregor Kiczales , Jim des Rivières , Daniel G. Bobrow ; MIT Press ; 1991 ; ISBN 0262610744 .
[ Pitman 1996 ] " The Common Lisp Hyperspec " ; Kent M. Pitman ( editor ) ; 1996 .
Available online at http://www.lispworks.com/reference/HyperSpec/Front/index.htm
[ Steele 1990 ] " Common Lisp the Language , 2nd edition " ; Guy L. Steele Jr. ; Digital Press ; 1990 ; ISBN 1555580416 .
Available online at http://www-2.cs.cmu.edu/Groups/AI/html/cltl/cltl2.html
2003-07-15 NDL
Placeholder document created .
2003-08-13 NDL
Drafting started .
2003-08-26 NDL
First draft complete .
2003-09-01 NDL
Corrections following review .
Years ago , at a dinner party on Manhattan ’s Upper West Side , I found myself in a shouting match about whether it was fair to make fun of intellectuals .
The person with whom I was arguing , herself the daughter of prominent scholars , said she was offended by the work of Woody Allen because of his mocking portrayal of educated , urban elites .
Such derisiveness , she claimed , would never be tolerated if it were aimed at racial minorities , or poor people , or even plain old intelligent people who did n’t stammer and flail their hands around quite so much when they talked .
As a proud intellectual ( and this is where the shouting began , not to mention some hand flailing ) , she was offended on behalf of herself and the entire community .
At the time , I was 25 and strenuously devoted to the cause of making my life resemble that of a Woody Allen character .
( This was before he moved them to the Upper East Side . )
Still , I could n’t see my dinner companion ’s grievance as anything but unintentional self - parody .
Intellectuals , I argued , were made for poking fun at .
Even I , a clueless suburban refugee who dreamed of rent - controlled apartments filled with house plants and volumes of Goethe , could see that .
I never thought I ’d say this , but I ’m beginning to think she might have had a point .
As dumb as things were back then , it ’s fair to suggest today ’s culture is even dumber .
Granted , the police are n’t raiding highbrow cultural events and arresting anyone who uses a three - syllable word , but something uncannily similar is playing out , minute by minute , on television and the Internet .
With political discourse reduced to screaming contests and actual news eclipsed by exclusive and shocking footage of celebrities without makeup , we ’ve become not only impatient with but downright opposed to the kinds of ideas that ca n’t be reduced to a line on a screen crawl or a two - sentence blog entry .
Advertisement
What ’s more , a lot of people who harbor an intolerance for complexity see it not as a character flaw but a cognitive virtue .
That ’s because they ’ve fallen into the trap of believing that complicated ideas ( “ complicated ” now constituting anything that requires reading , watching or listening to in its entirety ) are the purview of the “ elite . ”
The effect of that trap has been on a continuous loop in recent days , following Barack Obama ’s ill - chosen remarks about bitter rural Americans clinging to guns and religion .
The takeaway , of course , is that this sentiment proves once and for all that Obama is an elitist fatally out of touch with the average American .
But in deference to my onetime dinner companion , let me ask this :
Is he vulnerable to the out - of - touch charge because he is an elitist , or because he is usually ( even if not in this case ) comfortable with and in command of nuanced ideas ?
Is he bashable because he ’s a snob or because he ’s an intellectual ?
Given that “ intellectual ” is now far too open to interpretation to mean much ( William F. Buckley was considered an intellectual , but these days so is anyone who wears those hipster - nerd glasses ) , I ’m tempted to leave that question to the old master , Woody Allen ( though , let ’s be honest , he traded intellectuals for boring rich people a while ago ) .
But even if Obama is not an intellectual in the classic sense , there ’s no doubt that he ’s absorbed the trappings of erudite rhetoric .
He offers up ideas that do n’t lend themselves to sound bites but require some sustained attention .
And according to the media and the political spin machine , that ’s proof he ’s snobby and out of touch .
U.S. candidates for president can’t seem to get elected unless they convince voters how ordinary they are ( George W. Bush ’s oratory struggles actually endear him to some people ) .
But as long as we ’re wringing our hands over how “ just folks ” these folks are , let ’s look at what really separates them from the rest of us : money .
Advertisement
The Obamas ’ tax returns , released this week , showed a 2006 income ( they filed an extension for 2007 ) of more than $ 4.2 million , most of which came from book royalties .
Bill and Hillary Clinton showed a combined income of more than $ 20 million last year .
John McCain ’s 2007 tax return reflected an income of only around $ 400,000 , but not to worry , his wife is worth about $ 100 million .
As for Bush , the figure is about $ 20 million .
Yes , Obama ’s richer than most ordinary people , but in that pantheon , he ’s the guy most likely to know how much a can of tuna costs .
As for his branding as an elite or an intellectual , why the jeers ?
Should n’t they all fit that bill ?
“ The Daily Show ’s ” Jon Stewart summed it up best : “ Not only do I want an elite president , ” he said this week , “ I want someone who is embarrassingly superior to me . ”
As someone who still has n’t read Goethe amid all those celebrity makeover stories , I could n’t agree more .
--
Advertisement
mdaum@latimescolumnists.com
The American political system needs a period of reprieve and renewal .
It needs a reprieve from a White House that draws power from fear , sneers at any science that gets in the way of corporate or theocratic missions and stubbornly adheres to policies that leave the nation sinking in debt and mired in war .
It craves a reprieve from the politics of bloodsport that prize clever calculation over courage , winning over principle , party label over national interest .
The renewal must come from a president who can lead by inspiration , who can set partisanship aside to define and achieve common goals , who can persuade a new generation of Americans that there is something noble and something important about public service .
There is no doubt about the Democrat with the vision and skills to bring that period of reprieve and renewal .
It is Sen. Barack Obama .
As is often the case in a heavily contested primary , the relatively modest policy differences among the candidates have become magnified and inflamed beyond all due perspective .
For example , Obama , Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton and Sen. John Edwards have pledged to expand health coverage , albeit with somewhat different approaches .
Obama 's is certainly the most cautious , though perhaps the most realistic , considering that any overhaul of the health care system would require buy - in from at least some Republicans and myriad business interests that would be affected by such landmark federal regulation .
All three have vowed to phase out the U.S. military presence in Iraq .
Obama , however , stands alone in his opposition to the invasion at the outset .
Clinton and Edwards each voted to give President Bush the authorization to use military force against Saddam Hussein .
Edwards acknowledges his mistake , Clinton parses the meaning of the resolution .
It was Obama 's instincts that proved sound .
Clinton , who arrived in the U.S. Senate four years before Obama , has tried to make experience the issue .
As senator , she has proved skillful at representing diverse New York interests and working with Republicans .
But if she wants to highlight her White House experience as a defining difference , then it 's only fair to point out that two of the projects she was most deeply involved with produced a debacle ( health care ) and scandals ( fund raising ) .
Especially in recent days , her campaign has shown the sharp elbows that evoke the ugly underside of the Clinton years , and the ( Karl Rove inspired )
Bush years that succeeded them : the reflex to scorch the Earth , to do what is necessary to vanquish political adversaries ... all is justified if you are left standing at the end .
America deserves better than these cycles of vengeance and retribution .
Its possibilities are too great , its challenges too daunting , for partisan pettiness .
In a Jan. 17 meeting with our editorial board , Obama demonstrated an impressive command of a wide variety of issues .
He listened intently to the questions .
He responded with substance .
He did not control a format without a stopwatch on answers or constraints on follow - up questions , yet he flourished in it .
He radiated the sense of possibility that has attracted the votes of independents and tapped into the idealism of young people during this campaign .
He exuded the aura of a 46 - year - old leader who could once again persuade the best and the brightest to forestall or pause their grand professional goals to serve in his administration .
Of all the candidates who talk about change , Barack Obama has made the case most forcefully and most convincingly .
He gets our endorsement for the Democratic nomination .
Boris sez , " A great video showing Bruce Sterling giving the closing talk at the conference ' Innovationsforum Interaktionsdesign ' in Potsdam , Germany .
As usual , he creates a weird and wonderful vision of a technological and interface - driven future .
The ' Innovationsforum Interaktionsdesign ' was one of the most important conferences on interaction design in 2007 .
All presentations from the conference are available as videos on the conference site . "
Just listening to Bruce lay out the litany of devices that the mobile phone has replaced is a moment of sheer technological hilarity ; and hearing him talk about why science fiction writers love talking computers ( which all turn into Mr Clippy in the real world ) is an eye - opening exercise in the difference between sensawunda and cognitive loading .
Link
( Thanks , Bruce ! )
You 've found out how to take down 500 - foot monsters , and learned the secret to terminating Terminators .
Now it 's time for the ultimate challenge .
How you should arm yourself to survive a zombie apocalypse ?
Step one , Know Your Zombies .
The idea of the zombie derives from Voodoo lore .
Voodoo ( or voudou or vodun ) is a much maligned and misunderstood religion ; the popular idea of it in the United States and Europe is about as close to the reality as Satanism is to the Catholic church .
Anyone using voodoo for evil ( a bokor ) is the equivalent of the guys who carry out ceremonies in deserted churches with pentagrams and goat 's blood .
In any case , zombies do not feature in the original West African voodoo ; the idea of a person drained of their soul and forced to obey a master only appeared in the Americas .
These we could class as Natural Zombies .
If you believe anthropologist Wade Davis , these are created by poisoning the victim with ' zombie powder ' which includes puffer fish venom ( tetrodotoxin ) .
Supposedly this causes a death - like coma and brain damage which turns the victim into a pliable slaves .
These zombies are harmless ; you do n’t need to shoot them , but watch out for the bokor who controls them .
Then there are Supernatural Zombies , corpses possessed by spirits or demonic powers .
If they are animated by angelic spirits ( as in the Rime of The Ancient Mariner ) , then they are here to help .
If they are animated by something demonic ( as in The Evil Dead ) , then firearms may be of limited use as they are beyond the laws of nature .
Consult your priest , Rabbi , guru or shaman for further advice .
Unless you 're one of the ultra-cool gangsters in the terrific zombie / yakuza flick Versus , that is – in which case , gunning down zombies is all in a day 's work .
However , mostly you 're likely to encounter the type of Alien Zombie favored by Geroge Romero .
These are reanimated by an extra- terrestrial force ; this is an infectious form of zombiedom that seems to be spread via biting .
They are oblivious to most injuries but can reliably be taken out by destroying their brain .
When battling this type of zombie , you are basically trying to stay alive and get to a place of safety , as there are likely to be far too many for you to defeat them .
One tempting option is to go out there with a flamethrower .
Zombies may have a natural aversion to fire , you should be able to ignite several of them with one burst , and it looks spectacular – there 's a – video of a demonstration here .
However , if you check the specifications it has some serious drawbacks .
The U.S. Army 's M2 - 2 flamethrower weighed about seventy pounds , and is effective out to around fifty yards , but the big limitation is ammunition :
a fuel tank holding 18 liters of gasoline , enough for approximately five bursts of two seconds each .
So you 're probably better off with a conventional firearm .
At least this is one area where we are spared the interminable debate of 9 mm v .45 handguns and 5.56 mm v 7.62 mm .
Unlike living humans , stopping power counts for nothing as far as zombies go ; it 's all about shot placement .
( And reliability – take at least one back - up gun in case you get a jam or run out of ammo at a bad time . )
Anything larger than a .22 will do the job , so long as you 're capable of putting a round squarely though the head .
And this is very much harder than you think .
In a firing range , anyone can reliably hit a man - size target .
In real combat , you will probably miss most of the time .
This is borne out by an analysis of armed encounters involving police officers :
The police officer 's potential for hitting his adversary during armed confrontation has increased over the years and stands at slightly over 25 % of the rounds fired .
An assailant 's skill was 11 % in 1979 ...
In 1992 the overall police hit potential was 17 % .
Where distances could be determined , the hit percentages at distances under 15 yards were : Less than 3 yards ..... 28 %
3 yards to 7 yards .... 11 %
7 yards to 15 yards .
4.2 % It has been assumed that if a man can hit a target at 50 yards he can certainly do the same at three feet .
That assumption is not borne out by the reports .
An attempt was made to relate an officer 's ability to strike a target in a combat situation to his range qualification scores .
After making over 200 such comparisons , no firm conclusion was reached .
The situation is much worse with zombies .
The target – the brain – is very much smaller than with humans , and if you are a trained marksman you will reflexively aim at the body .
Police officers are professionals who spend long hours training for close - quarter encounters ; you probably do n't .
And while the adrenaline factor may be high when you 're facing an armed suspect , a horde of shambling undead takes the terror to a different level .
You are liable to waste a lot of ammunition , so bring plenty .
Some favor extended magazines , like the 90 - round clip for AR - 15 / M - 16 rifles or 33 - round magazines for your Glock handgun .
These are fine , so long as they are reliable and you have the discipline not to just keep firing until you run out .
Human factors are probably much more important than hardware .
Stay cool , and keep moving .
Bring a friend or three , so long as you can count on them not to scream , panic or cause friendly - fire incidents .
Zombies are liable to come from all directions at the same time ; you do n’t get bonus points for killing more of them , so just do what you have to in order to get to safety .
And watch out for the ones that are just playing dead .
( Actually , they really are dead ... but you know what I mean . )
Some sort of protective gear might be handy - – but can you afford to be slowed down ?
Do you carry something like a sword or a chainsaw for very close encounters , or are you dead by then anyway ?
Can you dazzle zombies with a flashlight ?
Any additional suggestions for zombie - fighting are , of course , welcome .
ALSO :
Rate this : Currently 3.56/5
1
2
3
4
5 3.6 / 5 from 1710 votes
Author : max
Description : PongOut combines two classic games to make one new game .
Using just the mouse you will have to control both a Pong and Breakout game ... at the same time !
Left and Right movement controls Breakout and Up and Down movement controls Pong .
Created by Max Stein of www.allgamesallfree.com.
Plays : 603841
Wildlife is disappearing at an unprecedented rate in the countryside but nature is compensating as more species colonise urban areas , the government 's ecological advisers say .
In the 12 years to 2006 , the overall population of urban birds increased by 14 % .
Pigeon numbers more than doubled , and there were big increases among green woodpeckers , goldfinches , robins and great tits .
Natural England 's annual state of the natural environment report , published today , finds birds , bees and other insects deserting intensively farmed lowland areas for better conditions in urban gardens and on brownfield land , which is relatively undisturbed and therefore safer for them .
Some butterfly species , it says , are now more likely to be found in suburban areas than in the countryside , and at least 40 species of invertebrates are now wholly confined to towns .
Some creatures seem to be adapting specifically to new developments , says the report .
More than half of the summer roosts of some species of bat are in man-made structures less than 30 years old .
But while man-made habitats now make a large contribution to the maintenance of UK wildlife diversity , there are immense and growing problems elsewhere .
" Our land and seas are under more pressure than ever before , " says the report .
" We have a growing population with growing aspirations , meaning increasing demand on the natural environment to provide food , energy , leisure and space for development .
" We are now locked into at least 50 years of unavoidable climate change .
Wildlife is increasingly isolated in protected areas , unable to move with the changing climate .
" The current system of conservation has often focused on protected areas such as sites of special scientific interest and national parks .
But away from these areas the natural environment is increasingly under threat .
It not well placed to withstand the challenges of development and climate change . "
Yesterday the agency was backed by all Britain 's leading environment groups , including the National Trust , the Campaign to Protect Rural England and the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds as it called for a radical new approach to conservation to match the unprecedented scale and speed of the habitat change taking place in the countryside .
In a barely veiled criticism of the government 's infrastructure plans , the report argues that bureaucrats should work with nature and not against it when planning roads and airports , flood defences and major developments including housing , ports , wind power and potential tidal barrages .
" We need a new , more dynamic approach to conservation that allows nature to adapt ... and reconnects people with the natural world , " it said .
Dr Sue Armstrong - Brown , the RSPB 's head of countryside conservation , said : " We are seeing the consequences of decades of ignoring environmental limits .
Now , with the climate changing and wildlife crashing worldwide , it is time for a new green leadership .
" There has never been a time when human action has put so much wildlife in peril .
The government should support Natural England 's plans and allocate enough money to put them into place . "
Matt Shardlow , the director of the invertebrate conservation trust Buglife , said : " Dire disintegration of wildlife habitats combined with poor management of the remaining fragments has caused a conservation ' crunch ' that has left wildlife , and particularly the little animals , in a right state . "
At a glance
Positive trends
· 10 % of landscape has been enhanced in last 10 years
· Big increases in heathland and wetland bird populations
· More access to countryside
· Otter recovery continues , red kite now common
Negative trends
· 20 % of landscapes show neglect
· Rivers and lakes in poor condition
· Woodland birds , bumblebees and some butterflies in decline
· Many wading birds in decline
Looking for an alternative to the billions of dollars spent the Ground - based Missile Defense system ?
One Russian scientist has the answer : places domes over entire cities .
The paper , " Cheap Method for Shielding a City from Rocket and Nuclear Warhead Impacts , " by Alexander Bolonkin and submitted to ArXiv earlier this year , describes this proposal in detail :
* The author suggests a cheap closed AB - Dome which protects the densely populated cities from nuclear , chemical , biological weapon ( bombs ) delivered by warheads , strategic missiles , rockets , and various incarnations of aviation technology .
The offered AB - Dome is also very useful in peacetime because it shields a city from exterior weather and creates a fine climate within the ABDome . *
Not convinced ?
Well , here are the technical details :
The film has thickness 0.05 – 0.3 mm .
One is located at high altitude ( 5 - 20 km ) .
The film is supported at this altitude by a small additional air pressure produced by ground ventilators .
That is connected to Earth 's ground by managed cables 3 .
The film may have a controlled transparency option .
The system can have the second lower film 6 with controlled reflectivity , a further option .
The small additional pressure creats a signufically ( sic ) lift force .
The most awesomely fascinating part of this proposal is the idea of using " stones " to defeat thermonuclear warheads .
" For increasing protection the AB - Dome cover may be armored with selected strong stones ( for example , pebbles , rock flakes , pieces of concrete , and other cheap and available materials ) , having mass 0.1 – 1 kg . "
The paper goes on :
The offered protection defends in the following way .
The smallest space warhead has a minimum cross-section area 1 m2 and a huge speed 3 – 5 km /s .
The warhead gets a blow and overload from film ( mass about 0.5 kg ) .
This overload is 500 – 1500g and destroys the warhead ( see computation below ) .
Warhead also gets an overpowering blow from 2 - 5 ( every mass is 0.5 - 1 kg ) of the strong stones .
Relative ( about warhead ) kinetic energy of every stone is about 8 millions of Joules !
( It is in 2 - 3 more than energy of 1 kg explosive ! ) .
The film destroys the high speed warhead ( aircraft , bomber , wing missile ) especially if the film will be armored by stone as it is described in Fig. 2 , above .
Next up : sharks with frickin ' laser beams on their heads .
[ Top picture : Alexander Bolonkin 's Inflatable Dome , Bottom Picture : The Springfield Dome from the Simpsons Movie ]
HDR OF THE DAY - Aug 27
BY kitfox
Mr Tsvangirai had planned to address a major MDC rally in Bulawayo Zimbabwe 's opposition has alleged the military is plotting to assassinate its presidential candidate using snipers .
Movement for Democratic Change ( MDC ) leader Morgan Tsvangirai postponed a return to Zimbabwe at the weekend .
He was due to start his campaign to defeat Robert Mugabe in a presidential election run-off on 27 June .
" We know there are 18 snipers , and the military intelligence directorate is in charge of this , " MDC Secretary General Tendai Biti told reporters in Nairobi .
" Mugabe 's military intelligence has compiled a list of 36 to 40 people to be assassinated .
Top of the list are our leader Morgan Tsvangirai , myself and our spokesman Nelson Chamisa , " Mr Biti said .
The US ambassador to Zimbabwe has warned that post-election violence makes a fair second round run -off vote impossible .
Opposition and human rights groups have said hundreds of opposition supporters have been beaten up and at least 30 killed since the first round on 29 March .
The ruling party denies supporting violence and says the West is trying to demonise Zimbabwe .
Polls According to official results , Mr Tsvangirai won the presidential poll , but not by enough to avoid a run-off with President Mugabe .
MDC supporters have been beaten in rural areas
He has insisted he did pass the 50 % threshold and so should have been declared the outright winner .
Mr Tsvangirai has spent more than a month outside Zimbabwe since then trying to drum up international support .
At the weekend , he had been due to speak to newly - elected members of parliament from his party , who will form a majority for the first time since independence .
The MDC leader had also planned to address a major rally in Zimbabwe 's second city , Bulawayo , on Sunday .
Last year , Mr Tsvangirai was treated in hospital after being assaulted by police .
Are you in Zimbabwe ?
Have you been affected by any of the issues in this story ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Introduction
PWGL is a free visual language based on Common Lisp , CLOS and OpenGL , specialized in computer aided composition and sound synthesis .
It is programmed using the Lispworks programming environment and runs under Mac OS X .
PWGL integrates several programming paradigms ( functional , object - oriented , constraint - based ) with high - level visual representation of data and it can be used to solve a wide range of musical problems .
PWGL is based on many concepts and ideas that were originally developed for PatchWork ( Laurson , Rueda , Duthen , Assayag , Agon ) and thus credit should be given to numerous programmers , composers and researchers that were involved in this project .
Shareholders took WaMu CEO Kerry Killinger and the company 's board to task for the weakened stock price and passing up an offer from JPMorgan Chase .
Wachovia walloped More Videos
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Washington Mutual chairman and CEO Kerry Killinger endured the wrath of frustrated shareholders Tuesday , but pleaded with investors to " have a little faith " in the bank 's leadership .
Addressing an incensed crowd at the company 's annual shareholder meeting , Killinger stressed that leadership at the Seattle - based bank was working to turn around the company , even as it provided greater details about its previously announced $ 1.1 billion first - quarter loss .
" I just want people to calm down and have a little faith , " said Killinger , whose remarks were met , at times , with jeers .
" We will get through this . "
Shareholders ' concerns about lackadaisical risk - management practices and lackluster stock performance came to a head last week after the company revealed plans to raise $ 7 billion by selling a stake to an investment group led by the private - equity firm TPG .
At the time , the company also said it would suffer a $ 1.1 billion loss .
In the same period last year , the company reported a profit of $ 784 million .
In addition , the company revealed plans to cut its dividend to 1 cent from 15 cents .
WaMu said Tuesday it had wrapped up the capital - raising plan and provided greater details about the loss .
Facing further deterioration in the company 's home - equity and home - loan portfolios as well as rising delinquencies , WaMu said it was forced to set aside more money for bad loans .
Killinger defended the plan to raise capital , telling analysts in conference call following the shareholder meeting that it was both a defensive move and a way of positioning the firm to capitalize on future opportunities .
But those moves failed to calm angry investors on Tuesday .
Institutional investors as well as current and former employees blasted the company 's leadership , at times calling for Killinger 's head .
" What you 've got to do is what real men do - when you face a situation like this you stand down , " said one gentleman , whose remarks drew applause .
Others questioned management 's decision to raise capital from outside investors , asking why the company turned down a recent bid of about $ 7 billion from JPMorgan Chase , which was reported in the Wall Street Journal .
" JPMorgan would make this company grow , " said one current employee and shareholder .
" The way we are going now is destructive . "
Shareholder activists did appear to walk away with one victory , as Mary Pugh , the head of the company 's finance committee announced her resignation .
Critics had charged that Pugh and her committee did not do enough to steer the company away from high - risk loan products like subprime and adjustable - rate mortgages .
The good news
There were some bright spots for WaMu .
During the quarter , the company reported a jump in the number of new checking accounts , considered a valuable tool by banks to sell other products .
In addition , WaMu 's credit card unit , which was among the company 's two divisions to report a profit , saw an uptick in the number of new accounts .
However , delinquencies in the division rose , a result that the company blamed on economic weakness and higher unemployment .
WaMu also revealed that its results were helped by an $ 85 million gain from last month 's record - setting Visa IPO .
Washington Mutual is the second of six national banks and brokerages , including Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) and JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , due to report results this week .
On Monday , Wachovia ( WB , Fortune 500 ) reported a surprising first - quarter loss of $ 350 million .
WaMu ( WM , Fortune 500 ) shares edged higher in after - hours trading on the news , after climbing by nearly 3 % in regular trade .
In their 1986 study “ Giant Oil and Gas Fields ” , Carmalt and St John ( American Association of Petroleum Geologists 2 ) published a list of the largest five hundred oil and gas fields known at the time .
This included field size estimates for 24 major fields in Saudi Arabia ( crude oil and condensate ) .
In May 2007 , the work of Stuart Staniford and Euan Mearns culminated in a new and unprecedented assessment of oil reserves in Ghawar , the world 's largest oil field .
This article ( also written in May 2007 and well overdue for TOD posting ) combines their assessment with additional information sources , to produce a revised estimate of reserves in Saudi Arabia and the other OPEC countries .
Unless otherwise stated , reserves here refer to P50 estimates , ie .
proven plus probable ( 2P )
Gb = Billion Barrels
In SPE Paper 255803 , Saudi Aramco reference this Carmalt and St John paper when they claimed that the Berri field “ ranks as the 22nd largest in the world ” .
While this does not specifically endorse any of the reported field sizes , that Saudi Aramco have seen fit to reference this paper provides it with a significant level of credibility .
It is also important to note that Carmalt and St John , using a variety of sources including industry databases , performed their study before the widespread revision of OPEC reserves in the ' quota wars ' of the mid/ late 1980's .
This suggests that the data they were using would have been free from any of the ' political pollution in technical databases ' which Jean Laherrere has roundly criticised more recently .
Stuart 's analysis1 revises the field size estimate for Ghawar up to 96 billion barrels ( Gb ) .
Some of this increase may have occurred in the southern sections of Ghawar , especially Haradh which has only been extensively drilled and developed since 1986 .
It is significant that , despite this additional development , the total field size estimate has only increased by 17 % in two decades .
Euan 's base case analysis4 revises Abqaiq reserves to 14.8 Gb , which represents a 16 % increase on the 1986 estimate .
That the Carmalt and St John estimates are only modestly lower than these two new estimates , is encouraging , but not all that surprising given that most of the listed fields were already 20 - 40 years old and extensively developed by the time of their study .
While some fields may come in below the 1986 expectations , which is to be expected among a mix of P50 estimates , others may yield yet larger percentage increases .
At this stage it is reasonable to extend the observed average increase to the other 22 fields in the list .
While this is based on results from only two fields , the sample covers 43 % of the resource so it is quite significant .
The result is in an additional increase of 21 Gb in the size of the other listed fields ( in addition to 14 in Ghawar and 2 in Abqaiq ) , bringing the revised sub-total to 259 Gb .
The cumulative additional resource in very much smaller fields and those discovered since 1986 , of which the Hawtah trend fields are the only known significant oil find , are estimated to amount to 6 billion barrels .
This yields a total initial reserves estimate for Saudi Arabia of 265 billion barrels .
Cumulative production of crude oil and condensate to end of 2006 is 113 Gb .
Therefore , 43 % of initial oil reserves have been produced , with end 2005 reserves of 152 Gb ( 2P ) .
This is more than 110 billion barrels short of the 264 stated by OPEC and widely reported as Saudi Arabian ' proven ' reserves ( although 264 includes an amount of NGLs also ) .
Coincidentally , there is a close match between Saudi claimed reserves and the initial reserves in this analysis .
This tends to support a claim made previously by Colin Campbell that in the OPEC ' quota wars ' in the 1980's , some members started reporting initial rather than current reserves .
This makes some sense in the context of allocating quotas , rather than haggling over production revisions each year .
But there is no official confirmation of that interpretation , so we can only conclude that OPEC reserves are substantially overstated .
It 's only a pity that these are the most widely quoted figures for the countries holding the largest share of the world 's most important energy commodity .
However , even the dramatically lower reserves figure of 152 Gb may seem high to those with a pessimistic view of Saudi resources .
While we may question recent claims that Shaybah has over 20 billion barrels of oil , the figure of 7 Gb reported by Carmalt and St John still seems robust .
The growth increment applied here to their figures appears justified but even discounting that , the evidence does not support an initial reserves estimate of anything less than the 221 Gb estimated in 1986 , given that Ghawar and Abqaiq estimates alone have now come in a combined 16 billion barrels higher .
1979 US Senate Commitee Report
The 1979 staff report to the US Senate Subcommittee on International Economic Policy on " The Future of Saudi Arabian Oil Production " supports the figures in the 1986 Carmalt and StJohn paper .
Aramco ( prior to nationalisation and operating in line with standard US industry practice ) estimated to the Senate Subcommittee that Saudi Arabia had 2P reserves of 177 Gb and 3P reserves of 245 Gb ( proven plus probable plus possible ) .
Cumulative production to the time of the report was 35 Gb , so the corresponding initial reserves estimates were 212 Gb ( 2P ) and 280 Gb ( 3P ) .
Seven years later , Carmalt and St John 's combined assessment was 9
Gb higher , which provides confirmation that their field sizes were close to consistent with Aramco 's best estimates at the time .
Even including NGLs , it is impossible that minimum initial reserves of 384 Gb could be valid , but that is what Saudi Arabia imply now with 120 Gb of cumulative production and 264 Gb now claimed as ' proven ' reserves .
On the other hand , it is encouraging that the new figure presented here ( 265 Gb ) falls within the range identified by Aramco in 1979 .
After three decades of field development , it is perhaps not surprising that the new estimate falls in the high end of their range , but as the fields mature the opportunity for further gains diminishes .
While reserves of 152 Gb are well below official statements , it is still an enormous volume .
However , not all barrels are created equal and this analysis in no way implies that Saudi Arabia has the ability to maintain higher levels of production .
As Matt Simmons states repeatedly , it is clear that the high quality , high flow rate fields which have been the mainstay of Saudi production are now very mature .
While production from these fields may be declining , there is still a large remaining resource of lower quality oil that is more difficult to produce .
Saudi Arabia may never sustain crude and condensate production of much more than ten million barrels per day , but they do have the resources to support flow rates of half their current level for several decades .
Because production has been limited to well below the theoretical Hubbert profile ( fig 1 ) , the large and conservatively exploited initial reserves base of 265 Gb allows for a relatively modest 2 % long - term average annual decline .
Crucially though , this analysis and the chart presented in figure 1 have no immediate predictive ability with respect to production .
This analysis only indicates that reserves are sufficient to support a moderate production level well into the future .
In the near - term , Saudi Aramco is engaged in an epic struggle to offset declines in mature fields with new production from several large field re-development projects over the next five years .
Figure 1 : Saudi Arabia - Actual Production vs Theoretical ( Click to Enlarge )
One interesting interpretation of Figure 1 is that some kind of oil crisis in the 1970's was inevitable .
World consumption and Saudi production was growing at a breathtaking but unsustainable rate .
The crises in 1973 and 1979 served to drastically cut consumption and it was n't until the Chinese and world demand surge 25 years later that Saudi Arabia again reached its resource and capacity constraints .
If they do succeed in regaining higher production levels , it will only ensure that future decline rates are greater than 2 % .
OPEC Reserves
Importantly , it is not only Saudi Arabia for which there is evidence that reserves have been grossly overstated .
Quoted reserves for the six largest OPEC members , and large upward revisions during the 1980's in particular , give cause for concern .
The International Energy Agency5 has supported this interpretation , saying that “ the hike in OPEC countries ’ estimates of their reserves was driven by negotiations at that time over production quotas , and had little to do with the actual discovery of new reserves . ”
More revealing is recent IHS data , in this case specifically for Kuwait6 ( fig.2 ) .
This suggests that Kuwait 's reserves are barely half the 101 billion barrels reported publicly .
Further confirmation comes in the IEA ’s definitive World Energy Trends 2005 – Middle East and North Africa ( MENA ) 7 .
They estimate remaining proved and probable ( 2P ) reserves in Kuwait ( including half share of Neutral Zone ) at 54.9 billion barrels from 9 named and two ' other ' fields .
For the UAE , proven and probable reserves ( 2P ) are put at 55.1 billion barrels from 9 named fields and one ' other ' .
These estimates for the end of 2004 are sourced from IHS Energy and IEA databases .
Figure 2 : Kuwait Reserves – OPEC vs IHS ( Click to Enlarge )
It is almost certain that reserves in Iran , Iraq and Venezeula are overstated to a similar degree .
Reserves for other OPEC members Algeria , Indonesia , Libya , Nigeria , Qatar and now Angola appear somewhat more realistic , although these are still are not provided with any form of audit or verification that they meet external reporting standards .
Claimed OPEC reserves are overstated by approximately 340 Gb .
They are , with a high degree of certainty , rather much closer to 570 billion barrels than the 904 claimed .
Combining this with the Oil and Gas Journal 's non-OPEC conventional oil reserves estimate of 280 Gb9 , yields a global reserves base of 846 billion barrels , well short of the 1140 level assumed .
The implications of this circa 340 billion barrel reserves shortfall for global forecasts of petroleum supply cannot be overstated .
With cumulative consumption at 1180 Gb10 and reserves of less than 850 Gb , we have consumed well over half our conventional oil reserves base .
With those kinds of numbers , peak oil cannot be far away , and exploration and ' reserves growth ' will not be enough to get us out of the woods .
This article is available as a PDF here .
Previous Articles :
Depletion Levels in Ghawar ( Updated )
GHAWAR : an estimate of remaining oil reserves and production decline ( Part 2 - results )
Abqaiq and Eat It Too ( or , More Geological Analysis of Potential Saudi Depletion )
Try these tags for other relevant articles at The Oil Drum :
Ghawar
Saudi Arabia
OPEC Reserves
Reserves Growth
References :
1. Staniford , S. , Depletion Levels in Ghawar .
http://www.theoildrum.com/node/2470
( May 16 ) 2007 .
2. Carmalt , S.W. & St. John , B. , Giant Oil and Gas Fields , in Harbouty , M.T. , ed , Future Petroleum Provinces of the World : AAPG , P.11 - 53 .
1986 .
3. Kompanik , G.S. et al. , Geologic Modelling for Reservoir Simulation : Hanifa Reservoir , Berri Field , Saudi Arabia .
Society of Petroleum Engineers ( 25580 ) .
1993 .
4. Mearns , E ( 2007 ) GHAWAR : an estimate of remaining oil reserves and production decline
( Part 2 – results ) .
http://europe.theoildrum.com/node/2494
April 28 , 2007 .
5. International Energy Agency , World Energy Outlook .
2004 .
6. Chew , K. ( IHS ) , Oil Depletion – dealing with the issues .
Energy Institute Nov 2006 .
7. International Energy Agency , World Energy Trends 2005 – Middle East and North Africa .
2005 .
8. Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries , Annual Statistical Bulletin. 2005 .
9. Oil & Gas Journal , PennWell Corporation , Vol 104 Issue 47 , 2006 .
10 . Jackson , P.M. ( Cambridge Energy Research Associates ) , Peak Oil Theory Could Distort Energy Policy and Debate .
SPE Journal of Petroleum Technology Feb 2007 .
Yesterday -- channeling Woodrow Wilson and Henry Cabot Lodge -- McCain referred to the " League of Nations . "
He had meant to say " League of Democracies , " his proposal for a new organization of allies beyond the U.N .
And today , opening his judicial speech at Wake Forest , McCain got his " w's " mixed up : " I appreciate the hospitality of the students and faculty of West Virginia , " McCain said , before correcting himself as the Deacs in the audience laughed .
comments closed
permalink
The dire situations in cyclone - battered Myanmar and quake - tossed southwestern China and the impulse of many to offer relief have a lot to do with human nature .
Our hunter - gatherer ancestors likely did it , and non -human primates do it .
We are hard - wired to help others , to drop everything in crisis situations , scientists say .
" People do really respond in these crisis situations where it 's really a short - term matter of life or death , " said Daniel Kruger at the University of Michigan 's School of Public Health .
The motivation to give dates back to our hunter - gatherer ancestors , he said .
Some non-human primates also have been shown to step in during a crisis to help their kin or even humans .
Myanmar is an acute case , with the death toll at nearly 78,000 , though expected to surpass 100,000 , and up to 2.5 million people considered severely affected .
And major relief efforts have mounted since Cyclone Nargis struck on May 2 .
In China , millions of dollars are also pouring into Sichuan Province , where more than 34,000 are reported dead and 4.8 million were left homeless from the recent earthquake and its aftershocks .
Several factors make acute disasters like these different from other human hardships , including their short - term nature , widespread images that tug at our heart strings , and the high benefits relative to costs of helping .
But we do n't help everybody in need and some people even look the other way .
The Myanmar government is a famous example , accused by many aid experts of doing much less than they could to help their own residents , even thwarting aid shipments .
In the end , looking out for " number one , " could be the underlying reason we choose to help , or choose not to help others , one scientist says .
Emotional images
Countries and aid organizations across the globe have contributed volunteers and funding to aid in Myanmar 's recovery .
The most recent United Nations estimates put total pledges at $ 80 billion with intended pledges of another $ 50 - plus million .
The money and efforts boil down to individuals deciding to give .
" I think the help is triggered by seeing victims , imagining oneself in the situation , so basic identification and empathy , " said Frans de Waal , a psychologist at Emory University and the Yerkes Primate Center , where he studies the evolution of human behaviors through primate research .
He added , " I doubt that we would be willing to help if we did n't have images , did n't have anything to hang our human response system to , which is geared towards emotionally loaded images . "
Research has shown that helping others , either through donating money or time , makes a person feel good .
" When disasters strike or emergencies occur , people are motivated to help for a variety of reasons , mostly they feel badly for the victims , " said David Schroeder , a professor of psychology at the University of Arkansas .
" In order to deal with that negative feeling they 're experiencing , one way to alleviate that is to help that person out of that plight . "
Costs and benefits
Though the decision to help tends to be rooted in our evolutionary history and driven by emotions , a weighing of costs and benefits takes place , though not consciously .
In the case of Myanmar , " it 's sort of a critical situation and a little bit of help could mean the difference between life and death , " Kruger told LiveScience .
" People are in a great state of acute need , and someone who has the power to help them would be motivated to do so . "
The situations in Myanmar and China are acute , as opposed to a place like Darfur , where the inhumane acts are ongoing .
" There 's probably more people dying [ in Darfur ] over the course of a couple months than died in the earthquake in China , " Kruger said , " but at the same time you 're not seeing as much motivation among large sectors of the public . "
To make any difference in Darfur , he said , a person would have to make a much longer - term commitment that could be quite taxing , physically and monetarily .
Whether those in need are close relatives or friends also plays into that calculation , Kruger said .
For our hunter - gatherer ancestors , who foraged in groups of 150 individuals , their " in group " included individuals they did n't have close relations with .
" They did n't necessarily have working relationships with everyone in the community , " Kruger said .
" If there was some kind of great threat , it would make sense to help out to save the lives of those other folks in your community , because otherwise you'd be decimated , " he said .
Why we do n't help
Severe restrictions imposed by the military junta in Myanmar have hampered relief efforts there , according to news accounts and U.N. press statements .
" You have this military dictatorship and their vested interest is keeping themselves in power , " Kruger said , " at the expense of anything else . "
In a recent Associated Press article , Tim Costello , president of the aid agency World Vision - Australia , said , " A circle has been drawn around Yangon [ Rangoon ] and expats are confined there .
While you are getting aid through , it 's like getting it through a 3 - inch pipe , not a 30 - inch pipe . "
Though the junta are barring foreign entrance to Myanmar at the expense of humans , they are not operating under a different set of " human nature " rules , some experts say .
" In terms of the junta , exactly the same motives are driving them , " Schroeder said .
" They 're worried about ' what 's going to be best for me . ' "
For the junta , the costs of letting in aid or sharing all their resources may outweigh the benefits of saving the people , Schroeder said in a telephone interview .
Even the power of empathy has its limits .
" Empathy is a capacity we use freely with those close to us , but can disappear when there are competing interests , " de Waal said .
" For example , if letting in aid organizations undermines one 's power ( as may be the case with a military dictatorship ) , the empathy may be suppressed or not emerge at all . "
Vous avez sans doute déjà remarqué ces mauvaises odeurs dans votre maison ou appartement qui vous rendent mal à l’aise .
Vous vous demandez peut - être leurs origines et avez essayé en vain de les dissuader .
Appliquer un déodorant ne servira que momentanément , car ces odeurs proviennent de sources variées et peuvent continuellement se renouveler .
Le mieux serait de vous en prendre directement à celles - ci en suivant quelques conseils que nous vous proposons dans cet article et qui vise à attaquer le mal depuis sa source .
L’optimisation des déchets liés alimentaires
Beaucoup ignorent l’importance de la catégorisation des déchets ménagers .
La plupart du temps , nous n’avons pas le réflexe de séparer les déchets organiques des déchets plastiques .
La fusion de ces deux types de déchets entraîne d’insupportables odeurs sous l’effet de la chaleur .
Imaginez donc l’impact si vous avez l’habitude de garder vos poubelles à l’interne .
Cela étant , la séparation des déchets organiques des déchets plastiques reste une priorité , que ce soit pour maintenir votre intérieur propre ou non .
Vous devez l’intégrer pleinement à votre mode de vie .
De plus , la qualité et le type de poubelle utilisé jouent un rôle non négligeable en matière d’odeur .
Si vous gardez votre poubelle à l’intérieur de votre appartement , il est préférable d’opter pour un sac anti-odeur à l’instar d’un smell proof containers .
Cette précaution évitera que les odeurs produites par la décomposition progressive des aliments se propagent dans votre pièce .
Veuillez à la qualité du smell proof containers lors de l’achat .
L’aération de l’appartement
Les bactéries responsables des mauvaises odeurs se prolifèrent très rapidement lorsque votre appartement manque d’un minimum d’aération .
Si vous aimez vous calfeutrer la plupart du temps , nous vous suggérons de trouver un moment de la journée pour laisser votre intérieur communiqué avec l’extérieur .
La raison est simple , certaines de nos activités quotidiennes ( douche , lessive , cuisine et autres ) produisent de la vapeur d’eau entraînant ainsi une élévation de l’humidité à l’interne .
L’humidité facilite le développement de certaines bactéries sources de mauvaises odeurs .
En laissant vos fenêtres ouvertes pour tout au moins 5 à 10 minutes par jour , votre appartement sera aéré et le risque d’odeurs néfastes diminuera considérablement .
Vous en tirerez également une petite économie d’énergie .
Les chaussures : de véritables sources d’odeurs indésirables
Les chaussures sont en partie la cause des odeurs indésirables que vous pouvez sentir dans votre appartement .
On les fait balader partout , sans se soucier de tout ce qu’elles peuvent traîner jusqu’à notre domicile .
Il est important de commencer par y faire attention dès à présent .
Lorsque vous rentrez à la maison le soir , pensez à les laisser à l’air libre pour aération .
Les week - ends quand vous n’avez pas un programme de sortie où vous devez les mettre , étalez - les au soleil pendant quelques minutes .
Vous exterminerez ainsi les bactéries produites par l’humidité .
Une autre astuce est de saupoudrer une certaine quantité de bicarbonate de sodium dans vos chaussures et de laisser agir toute une nuit .
Vous serez surpris du résultat .
Did you know that over 9 million people own a timeshare in the United States ?
If you are looking to be part of this statistic but are not sure if it ’s legit to buy via a timeshare resale , you are in the right place .
We are going to share the benefits of timeshare resale .
Lower Price
One of the main benefits of purchasing vacation ownership through resale is the cost savings .
Buying timeshare straight from the company will always cost more because they invest a ton of money on advertising .
In order to recoup their marketing dollars , they raise the prices of the timeshares they are selling .
When you do a timeshare transfer you are buying from a previous owner that has not been spending money on marketing .
Therefore , the cost is lower and more true to the value of the vacation property .
More Choices
Another benefit of a timeshare resale is that you will have more choices because you are not limited to the units that the resort is currently selling .
Previous owners might have better units that are not even an option anymore .
Another option you might have via a timeshare resale is that there are some timeshares that have an expiration date because they are not “ deeded ” properties .
As the expiration date gets closer the owner will drop the price in order to get something out of their unit instead of not using it and getting nothing .
This is a great thing you can take advantage of if you do not want to make a lifetime commitment .
You will instead get a unit with an expiration date at a huge discount .
Hidden Fees
When you buy from a previous owner , they probably have already paid for all the hidden fees upfront .
Usually , there are closing fees , and extra maintenance fees when you first buy a timeshare .
When you buy a resale you will only have to pay what the owner is selling their unit for and in some cases , you might also have to pay for a transfer fee .
You might be able to negotiate for the seller to pay all or part of the transfer fee if they are looking to get rid of their vacation property asap .
Honesty
If you have ever been to a timeshare tour or attended a seminar , you are familiar with all of the gimmicks and high - pressure sales .
With a resale , you do n’t have to worry about a salesperson that needs to make money or meet a quota .
This means that you will only be dealing with an honest seller that no longer uses or needs their timeshare .
Ready to Invest in a Timeshare Resale ?
Now that you know more about buying via a timeshare resale , you can make an informed decision whether you want to buy from a previous owner or pay more money directly from the company .
Did our blog post help you today ?
Please do n’t forget to come back soon to never miss our latest helpful posts .
Sam 's Complimentary
Service is now closed , but here are some compliments that were received by satisfied customers .
Sample compliments
" You remind me that people can be astoundingly clever and kind . "
" Buddy , you 're one of the most wildly convoluted people I met .
If you were in a story , you would be every character at once .
That 's a compliment ! "
" Your site is the single greatest creative accomplishment of this or any century . "
" You 're just plain all - round awesome people . "
" You 're a tremendously distinguished gentleman . "
" I actually find your tendency to put your children before yourself quite inspiring . "
" By gosh , Aaron , you intricate , intimate , detailed , encyclopaedic knowledge of the James Bond franchise truly shocks me into submission .
I am but a dwarf before your intellect . "
" Your videogaming prowess puts me to shame . "
" I'm impressed with your impressive cowboy hat ! "
" Little dude , you have a tremendous haircut . "
" It 's difficult to think of a more loyal wife than one who'd stick with their crazy husband during a transcontinental move .
Respect is due . " * tips hat *
" Alanna , you dazzle me every time I see you .
I could get lost in your eyes . "
" Corey , I commend you on your excellent choice of footwear . "
" Ma'am , your radiance dazzles me more every day . "
" You are an inspiring and generally great person in all senses and respects . "
" I'm a person who knows excellent people , and you , sir , rank at least a 9 out of a possible outstanding . "
" I always know who to talk to when I 'm feeling down in the dumps , and that 's you . "
" You 're an indispensible asset to your adventuring group .
You 're super awesome at laser tag too .
Seriously . "
" Your success in college leaves me dizzy with admiration . "
" Nobody who knows juggling AND Haskell can fail to be a totally awesome dude . "
" You are an excellent fencer .
As for your cooking skills - by my reckoning , more excellent still . "
" You 're looking cool , calm , collected and confident today .
Hope you have a great week . "
" Jaydee , I can honestly say you look lovelier with each passing day . "
" I must say I can always depend on your LiveJournal for an amusing and enlightening read . "
" Jana , I really admire the way you have with animals and birds .
If any of my pets ever get injured , you 'll be number one on my list of people to call . "
" I , for one , find your routines hilarious , especially that Interrupting Cow bit . "
" Whenever I have doubts about anything , I always know I can consult you for reliable advice . "
" I praise your uncommon intelligence and thoughfulness .
I think you 're the best , and I 'm not the only one ! "
" Katwick , I can assure you that all of us at home miss your sparkling self even more than you miss being at home . "
" I 've always thought you were a great speller , so it 's no surprise to me to learn that you won that competition !
Good work . "
" I just wanted to congratulate on your fencing skills .
I do n't know what it means to be 14th out of 13 , but it must be good ! "
" I have to say that you 're a great church leader .
Your preaching is second to none ! "
" Just stay the course , buddy , you 've done great so far and you 're sure to do great as you keep on going ! "
" What a wonderful circus performance that was ! "
" Jeff , you are a talented and respected pilot . "
" Go , man !
BREAK that dance !
Supoib . "
" You are a genuinely excellent human being . "
" If I had to pick my favourite person out of everybody , you 'd be at the top of my list . "
" I admire that you always seem to know the right thing to say . "
" You 're a friend for all weathers .
Kudos . "
" Your favourite food also happens to be my favourite food .
I like that . "
" Four - dimensional , eh ?
That 's one dimension more than most ! "
" You 're so brave to be moving to another city in another country !
I 'm sure a smart person like you will go far . "
" M'lady , I will always treasure you as one of the most pleasurable people I have known . "
" I bow to your bass guitar - playing skills ! "
" Triligual , eh ? Man , I wish I was as international as you obviously are . "
" Gabrielle , what an adorable little goldfish you have .
He looks very contented .
Also , he matches your shirt . "
" Your hair kicks all kinds of rear ! "
" I'm in awe of your saxophonical skills ! "
" Your canvas paintings are superb .
Your parents must be proud that you have such a creative spark . "
" I love the latest thing you wrote !
You 're a terrific writer . "
" I 'll say one thing about that Brian , though - he 's got a refined taste for cookies .
Oh yes .
Trust his cookie decisions and you 'll go far . "
" Despite the lousy past few months you 've been having , you 're still carrying on like you always do .
I admire your tenacity . "
" You 're a wonderful person , and I wo n't hear anybody say otherwise . "
" That 's a dazzling new haircut you 've got !
And I 'm sorry it took me so long to comment on it . "
" Jason , it 's clear to me that you 're a great guy to have as a friend . "
" Man , you 're looking sharp this morning !
You 're sure to knock them dead at that big IAU meeting ! "
" You 're looking well - turned - out this evening , I see .
What 's got you in such a good mood , buddy ? "
" THAT'S NO HANDCLAW .
THAT'S A HANDCOW !
And WHAT a handcow !
Mercy . "
" It 's great to talk to you !
You 've brightened my day by gracing me with your sparkling conversation . "
" Marsha , I just want to compliment you on being a uniformly awesome lady ! "
" Wow , your house is great !
I really wish I could keep mine as clean and tidy as you do yours .
Good work ! "
" You 're a man of ideas , and that 's something I find admirable . "
" I can't tell you how relieving it is to finally meet somebody who can punctuate properly !
Nice haircut , by the way . "
" In all honesty , I 've always thought you were a great father . "
" Your name is Sam ?
Sam is the best name ... ever .
For reals . "
" Dan , it 's truly a pleasure and an honour knowing you .
You 're a top bloke and a solid guy , and do n't let anybody tell you otherwise ! "
" Dave , you 're obviously not getting enough credit for the amount of sterling work you 're doing . "
" You 're awesome !
You 're really awesome !
Really really ! "
" Hmm , I see you 're planning for your future there .
That 's a very wise move . "
" Chris , whatever it is you 're doing with your life , you 're obviously doing it correctly ! "
" 31 out of 30 on your precalc test ?
Sean , clearly you 're too good for that class . "
" That 's some quality French Horn playing , right there , Blake .
You 're going to go far , for sure . "
" Neo !
You 're the driving force behind a significant amount of great humour in Elite chat .
I - we all - appreciate having you around ! "
" Bruce , you 've clearly got a spark of imagination under that noggin of yours . "
" Ben , you 're a solid guy , and you 're doing a great job .
Keep up the good work . "
" I can't thank you enough for fixing my PC .
Your ability to repair and maintain computers is unparalleled ! "
" My site is nothing without its readers .
It 's a pleasure to have such excellent people as yourself as fans . "
" Sarah , may I say you 're looking lovely today , as indeed you do every day . "
" Dude , that 's a quality shirt you 're wearing today . "
" Eric , you 're the MAN .
And I mean that . "
" Sandman , eh ? I must say , that 's an excellent choice of comic book . "
" Julie , you 're a great cook !
This chilli is supreme .
Mmm , yeah . "
" Is that a new piece of jewellery you 're wearing today ?
Yes ?
No ?
Well , it looks great on you anyway . "
" Dude , your motorcycle is superb .
Motorcycles carry far more intrinsic ' cool ' than cars .
Obviously you take good care of it , too . "
" Dave - may I call you Dave ? - your latest graphic designs have been truly awesome .
Way better than anything I could come up with . "
" Dude , I studied maths at university too !
Good choice , my man , good choice . "
" Jim , I 'll say this about you : you 're dependable .
It 's good to know you 're always there . "
" Chug ! Chug ! Chug ! Chug! YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH , awright , man ! ! " * slaps you on the back *
" Wow !
You got a new haircut ?
That 's lovely .
I really like it . "
" Mr. Barber , I have to say , your choice of T - shirt is classy and yet understated .
Where did you get it ? "
Conditions
BEVERLY HILLS , Calif. --
Mike Piazza is retiring from baseball following a 16 - season career in which he became one of the top - hitting catchers in history .
" After discussing my options with my wife , family and agent , I felt it was time to start a new chapter in my life , " he said in a statement released Tuesday by his agent , Dan Lozano .
" It has been an amazing journey ...
So today , I walk away with no regrets .
" I knew this day was coming and over the last two years .
I started to make my peace with it .
I gave it my all and left everything on the field . "
The 39 - year - old Piazza batted .275 with eight homers and 44 RBIs as a designated hitter for Oakland last season , became a free agent and did not re-sign .
He was not available to discuss his decision , according to Josh Goldberg , a spokesman for Lozano .
" He was one of those hitters who could change the game with one swing .
He was certainly the greatest - hitting catcher of our time , and arguably of all time , " said Atlanta pitcher Tom Glavine , Piazza 's former teammate on the New York Mets .
At the urging of former Dodgers manager Tom Lasorda , who like Piazza hailed from Norristown , Pa. , and was a friend of his father , Los Angeles selected the son in the 62nd round of the 1988 amateur draft .
Piazza went on to become a 12 - time All - Star , making the NL team 10 consecutive times starting in 1993 .
Upon hearing the news of Piazza 's retirement Tuesday , Lasorda made one last pitch .
" I would hope he would go into the Hall of Fame as a Dodger , " Lasorda , who entered the hall in 1997 , told USA Today .
" We 're the one who gave him an opportunity .
Here we are , from the same town [ Norristown , Pa. ] , watching him grow up , and now we 'll be into the Hall of Fame together . "
Piazza finished with a .308 career average , 427 home runs and 1,335 RBIs for the Dodgers ( 1992-98 ) , Florida ( 1998 ) , Mets ( 1998-05 ) , San Diego ( 2006 ) and Oakland ( 2007 ) .
" It 's the end of a Hall of Fame career , " Mets manager Willie Randolph said .
" It was a privilege to manage him for the short time that I did . "
Los Angeles Angels manager Mike Scioscia was a teammate of Piazza's on the 1992 Los Angeles Dodgers and remembered back to Piazza 's first season in the majors and what he accomplished .
Amazing Features of Business Card Designer Software Make stunning business cards with BizCard Software .
Numerous pre-designed business card templates by expert designers , backgrounds & graphic symbols and lot more .
Easy , step by step , tabbed user interface makes business card software very easy to use to make business cards .
Personalize with your own images , logo & other elements in your business card design .
Multiple options to add text , images , logo , graphics & shapes and easily personalize them with effects , editing tools of your choice , arranging & coloring till you create a stunning card look .
Easily edit images with in - built options like Rotate , Crop , Adjust Shadow , Flip , Blur , Gradient , Brightness / Contrast and Emboss .
Publish your business cards in multiple image formats like PDF , PNG , GIF , JPG , TIFF , and BMP .
Print them easily with your own printer or get them printed through our professional service & get them to your door step .
In - built option to print your business cards directly from the application .
This business card maker is 100 percent compatible with Avery business card paper for printing .
Ars Technica readers may find the U.S. government 's indecency rules laughable , but on Friday , the Department of Justice told Fox Television that it 's not playing around .
The DOJ sued Fox for refusing to pay a $ 56,000 Federal Communications Commission fine for a 2003 Married by America strip show that the agency called insufficiently pixelated .
To be sure , there are insufficiencies involved in this matter , but they mostly rest with the lame nature of the FCC 's rejection of Fox Television 's appeal .
When it comes to first so - called indecency issues , apparently there 's little patience at the FCC .
Why did the FCC kick Fox 's appeal ?
Because the 49 - page document was too long , and Fox filed it too " late . "
Hold your breath and start reading :
" Petitioners acknowledge that their Petition for Reconsideration exceeds the applicable page limits for summaries and petitions for reconsideration set forth in the Commission ’s rules , and ask for a waiver of those page limits , " the Federal Communications Commission told Fox on Friday .
" The Commission ’s rules , however , explicitly require that requests for permission to file pleadings , such as petitions for reconsideration , in excess of the length prescribed by the Commission ’s rules must be filed under these circumstances 'at least ten days before the filing date . '
Petitioners neither complied with this rule nor sought a waiver of this rule . "
Translation : Your appeal is too long , and while we 're normally okay with that , you have to file it early if it 's too long , so too bad .
Please pay your hefty fine now , thanks .
This , coming from a government entity that defines tardiness — the FCC has yet to resolve the following : the proposed XM / Sirius merger after over a year ; digital - must - carry rules after over three years ; and bird safety rules for transmitter towers after almost half a decade .
One can also point to broadband penetration , net neutrality issues , and more .
Let 's face it , the FCC is n't known for speed .
Spirit versus letter of the rule
It appears that the FCC does not feel that it is in court often enough on its indecency record .
After all , the Commission only faces an impending Supreme Court review of its " fleeting expletive " decisions , punishing broadcasters for dirty words said on the fly .
In addition , ABC has asked the Second Circuit Court of Appeals for relief from a hefty fine for a 2003 episode of NYPD Blue that showed a glimpse of a woman 's naked bottom .
Now the government has invited a third trial on its indecency policies .
To be fair , it may be that the FCC 's clock and page length watchers sincerely felt that Fox 's appeal of Married by America was too long and tardily filed .
The agency also may not have wanted to deal with the uncomfortable questions that Fox attorneys asked in the document .
These included whether the FCC 's indecency analysts were reading their own fantasies into the Married strip show .
As Fox noted , the agency 's summary charged that at one point two performers wore tops " but their buttocks are pixelated , presumably to obscure portions of their buttocks as well as the g - strings that cover their genitals . ”
But , as Fox attorneys observed , the episode " never showed the women without clothes or without pixelation , so there is no way for the Commission to know what undergarments they were wearing . "
The appeal throws the book at the FCC 's decision every which way but loose .
Some of the arguments represent a bit of a stretch , but they make for interesting reading .
Here are two :
Playboy options
Fox TV's appeal invokes the Supreme Court 's 2000 United States vs. Playboy Entertainment decision .
In that ruling , the Supremes overturned a section of the Communications Decency Act ( CDA ) that required cable service operators " to fully scramble or otherwise fully block " sexually oriented programming broadcast outside of safe harbor hours : 10 PM to 6 AM .
The high court argued that , given an array of possible ways to screen out indecency , the less restrictive provision contained in a law should always apply .
And the CDA gave cable operators the option of waiting until a subscriber complained before scrambling a channel to which the consumer did not wish to have access .
Fox cites this decision as grounds for appealing the FCC's " Married " ruling , arguing that the V - Chip , which the FCC requires all manufacturers to put into their television sets , represents that less restrictive alternative called for in Playboy .
The V - Chip allows parents to program their TV sets to filter out indecent content .
" The Supreme Court in Playboy , " Fox writes in its appeal , " made clear that the government bears the burden of proving that a less restrictive alternative is incapable of serving its intended function – a burden that the Commission , having advised Congress that the V - chip satisfied its statutory goals , cannot possibly meet . "
Blame it on Reno
Fox also refers to Reno versus the ACLU , the 1997 Supreme Court ruling that bumped off another big chunk of the CDA , the part that sought to regulate indecent content on the Internet .
The high court complained that the laws ' use of " undefined terms " such as " indecent " and " patently offensive " could " provoke uncertainty among speakers about how the two standards relate to each other and just what they mean . "
The statute 's language suffered from " vagueness , " the court observed , which " undermines the likelihood that it has been carefully tailored to the congressional goal of protecting minors from potentially harmful materials . "
In its now rejected appeal , Fox says Reno applies in the Married by America ruling : " Despite the Court ’s warning that vagueness presents a serious threat because of its ' chilling effect on free speech , ' the Commission simply brushes the Reno decision aside because it was not related to broadcasting , " the TV networks ' attorneys write .
Courtward bound
When this case gets to court , the challenge for Fox in Playboy will be demonstrating that the FCC 's indecency rules and the V - Chip are somehow statutorily linked .
And when invoking Reno , Fox will have to show that the FCC 's now amazingly complex indecency rules — which go so far as to define which parts of the human anatomy are " sexual " — still suffer from a constitutionally questionable vagueness .
Whatever happens with the Married case , fleeting expletives and the NYPD Blue appeal , prepare to be weirded out by some truly strange Circuit and Supreme Court decisions .
My father always carries a couple rubber bands with him wherever he goes .
You can find them in his car , wrapped around pages in his planner , or simply hanging around his wrist .
Recently , I asked him why he always seems to have a rubber band at his disposal .
He said , “ They ’re damn practical , that ’s why ! ”
This got me to thinking …
What are some interesting , practical applications for the ordinary rubber band ?
I got a few tips from my father , wandered around my house on a rubber band experimentation mission for an hour , and did a little research online .
Here ’s the full bag of tricks :
Keep Food Fresh – Simply wrap a rubber band around a bag of chips , salad , or baking flour to seal in the freshness .
Act as a Reminder – Wrap a rubber band around a specific page in your planner ( and also around the front cover to prevent bending ) or around your wrist as a reminder to get something done .
Rubber Padding – Wrap a couple rubber bands around a TV remote or ash tray to prevent it from sliding and scratching the table ’s surface .
Hold Various Objects
Together – … like pencils or index cards .
This one is obvious .
A Bookmark – Wrap a rubber band around the front cover and through the middle of the book to whatever page you finished on .
Next time you pick up the book the first page that is n’t rubber - banded will be the page you left off on .
A Hair Tie – Perhaps you could make a ponytail .
A Paper or Poster Scroll – Roll it up and put a rubber band around it .
It ’s ready for storage .
A Safety Strap for Eye Glasses – Break a rubber band in half and tie each end to the part of the glasses frame that sits over your ears .
You can secure the glasses to your face if you make the rubber band short enough .
Finger Exercises – Bunch all your fingers together and place them through the center of a rubber band .
Spread your fingers out and let them contract .
Or , wrap a rubber band from your index finger to your pinky and move your index finger away from the other fingers .
Repeat this process for the other fingers .
A Handle Grip – Wrap several rubber bands around the end of a pole or stick to create a handy grip .
Secure a Lid onto a Container – If you do n’t want the contents to spill , put a rubber band around it .
Quick Tagging –
Are these batteries at the bottom of my bag charged or uncharged ?
Tag your batteries with rubber bands so you never have to guess .
You can differentiate between various groups of objects by tagging each group with a certain color rubber band , or a specific number of visible rubber bands .
Stress - Relieving Rubber Band Ball –
If made soft enough , a rubber band ball can make for a perfect stress relieving squeeze toy .
It helps out when you ’re in a fidgety mood .
Mark the Level of Liquid Remaining in a Solid Color Container – Take a paint can for instance … before you pound the top back on , wrap a rubber band around the outside of the can at the same level as the paint remaining in the can .
Next time you need it you ’ll know exactly how much you have left in a single glance .
Slingshot / Catapult – Every kid ’s favorite thing to do with a rubber band , but if you think hard enough , I bet there are some practical uses for making one of these .
Simple Art –
Take a pegboard and stretch different color rubber bands in various shapes until every peg has been used at least once .
Fun , creative and simple .
Strap an Injured Finger – Use a rubber band to strap an injured finger to a firm stick or piece of cardboard until it can be properly casted .
Melt and Use as an Adhesive – It ’s not glue , but a melted rubber band does make a darn good adhesive .
A Distraction – Pull the famous rubber band gun trick and shoot a rubber band across the room .
Try to hit something that makes a sound , or just catch your victim ’s attention .
As soon as they look the other way , make your move .
Tie - Dye –
The style may have died in the seventies , but who really cares … a DIY tie - dye project can be a blast .
If you have kids , it ’s a cheap , creative way to entertain .
Prevent the Mixing Spoon from Sliding into the Bowl – Wrap a rubber band around the upper part of the spoon ’s handle just above the point at which the spoon touches the rim of the bowl .
Now the spoon ca n’t slip and slide in .
Insulate Electrical Current – Rubber bands can act as insulators for low wattage electrical current .
Wrap a rubber band around an exposed region of a wire ( before the wire is live ) .
Design Fancy Easter Eggs – Wrap several rubber bands in different directions around the eggs before dunking them in the Easter egg dye .
This will create interesting designs on the dyed eggs .
A Pencil Eraser – Fold a rubber band in half a few times and use it to erase pencil markings .
It works surprisingly well .
Keep those Files IN the Manila Folder – Manila folders are a great tool for filing papers until you accidently drop a one .
Since a manila folder is nothing more than a sleeve , the files will spill out everywhere .
A rubber band can fix that problem in jiffy .
Kitty - proof or Puppy - proof Your Toilet Paper – Kitties and Puppies love to shred things .
Toilet paper is one of their top 10 favorites .
Wrap a rubber band around the roll of toilet paper to avoid the dangling temptation .
Grip that Jar Lid –
Place a thick rubber band around the rim of a jar lid and use it to grip the lid while you twist it off .
Limit Soap Dispenser Output –
Put a rubber band around the neck of pump - style soap dispensers to limit the amount of soap dispensed per pump .
A Car Visor Receipt Holder – Wrap a few rubber bands around your car ’s driver - side sun visor .
Conveniently slip all your miscellaneous receipts , parking stubs , etc. under the rubber bands until you have time to sort them out .
Keep Wires or Yarn Untangled – Wrap a rubber band around it before the mess gets out of control .
Toddler - proof the Cabinets – Stretch a few rubber bands tightly between the left and right cabinet knobs to lock them in place .
Rubber Band Motor – Create Kinetic energy with a rubber band .
I ’ll let PBS explain this one : The Rubber Band Motor Draw a Straight Line – Stretch a rubber band out and trace that perfectly straight line .
Paint Brush Wiper – Stretch a rubber band around an open paint can from top to bottom so it crosses over the opening just above the paint .
Wipe the excess paint off on the rubber band instead of getting the side of the can all messy .
Break - in a Baseball Glove – A brand new baseball glove is stiff .
First , it must be broken - in to be an effective tool for catching balls .
Bend the leather , beat on it with a rubber mallet , apply shaving cream all over the glove , put a ball in it and wrap a rubber band around the whole glove .
Let it stand for awhile to mold the shape of the ball .
Repeat every few days as necessary .
Keep a Sliced Apple Fresh –
This one may seem bizarre , but I tried it and it works fairly well .
Slice and apple into wedges .
Then place all the wedges back together and wrap a clean rubber band around them so the apple looks whole again .
It will keep the apple wedges from browning about 50 % longer than just tossing the wedges in a standard sandwich bag .
Cure an Overbite –
When stretched between opposite ends of the upper and lower jaw over a period of time , the force of a rubber band can correct a minor overbite .
Orthodontists typically employ this method in conjunction with braces .
A Wallet Replacement –
Is you wallet always bulging out of your pants pocket ?
Get rid of it .
Instead , wrap your cash around your ID and credit card and then wrap a rubber band around the outside of the cash .
Revive an Old Broom –
Are the broom ’s bristles a bit worn ?
Tighten them up .
Wrap a thick rubber bands halfway up the broom ’s bristles to hold them in place .
Create Traction Between Two Flat Surfaces – Spread out several rubber bands between two flat surfaces to create traction between them .
Also , check out these best selling books for more handy lifehacks :
NOTE : Your results are an estimate of your water footprint and are calculated from national averages of water use associated with such fixtures and devices as shower heads , dishwashers , washing machines , etc .
We have accounted for some of the major water - using activities in which you might engage .
However , your results will vary based on the number of people in your household , the flow rates of water fixtures in your house , your diet , energy use and , to some extent , your routines , purchases and behaviors .
Depending on these factors mentioned above , your results may differ greatly from a baseline result .
NEXT POST
Hindenburg Crash - How It Really Sounded Reporter Herbert Morrison 's description of the Hindenburg crash on May 6 , 1937 , is about as famous as the disaster itself .
His urgency and obvious emotion ( " Oh , the humanity ! " ) chill listeners even today , 71 years after the airship crashed in Lakehurst , ...
Bringing you what was good , a couple days late
US military attempts to reignite fighting with Mahdi Army
By James Cogan
27 May 2008
The order by Shiite cleric Moqtada al - Sadr that his Mahdi Army militiamen offer no resistance to the US occupation is being exploited by the American military and the Iraqi government to repress his supporters in the working class districts of Baghdad and other major cities .
For more than six weeks from late March , Mahdi Army fighters launched rocket barrages against the main US base in Baghdad and attacked US units that were building a concrete wall around the south - eastern sectors of Sadr City .
The working class suburb of more than two million people in eastern Baghdad is the main base of support for the Sadrists .
On May 10 , Sadr declared a ceasefire and agreed that government forces could deploy into the district .
Well over 1,000 militiamen and civilians were killed by the US military during the fighting .
Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki ordered 10,000 Iraqi troops into Sadr City on May 20 , backed by US helicopter gunships and other air power .
The Mahdi Army melted into the civilian population and did not attack the government forces as they defused booby - traps , established roadblocks and barricades and occupied strategic buildings , including hospitals and telecommunications hubs .
An American infantry brigade and an armoured regiment are still occupying the walled - off south - eastern sector .
On Friday , the occupation forces , now in a strong position inside Sadr City , began what can only be interpreted as an attempt to provoke a confrontation with the Sadrist militiamen .
The Sadrist offices in the south - western Baghdad suburb of Amil were stormed by government troops as hundreds of people gathered to attend evening prayers at the adjacent mosque .
More than 500 people were interrogated and more than 120 were handcuffed , blindfolded and detained .
Forty men were taken away in US military vehicles .
An assembly of Sadrist supporters in the neighbouring suburb of Bayaa was also dispersed .
At least 25 men were reportedly seized .
Children were among those arrested , according to witnesses .
An Amil resident told Agence France Presse : “ My three brothers , one of whom is only 12 , were picked up , and so was my cousin . ”
In Basra , government troops fired into a crowd that had gathered to hear Sadrist speakers following Friday prayers .
One person was reportedly killed and three others wounded .
A Sadrist member of parliament , Aqeel Abdul Hussein , told a press conference that their supporters had also been prevented from assembling for their normal Friday rally in Nasiriyah .
Hussein accused the US occupation and the Maliki government of “ moving forward in its project to liquidate opposition in a more savage way than the previous regime ” — a reference to Saddam Hussein .
He stressed though that the Sadrist leadership would continue to instruct their supporters to observe the ceasefire , despite the attacks against them .
The Sadrists are a faction of the Shiite ruling elite who have considerable support due to their provision of limited charity to the poor and opposition to the US occupation .
Increasingly , however , Sadr has accommodated to the occupation in a bid to secure a place within the puppet state created by the US in Iraq .
The most recent order for his supporters to end resistance was partly in response to a move to bar the Sadrists from standing candidates in the provincial elections that are scheduled to take place in October .
Despite Sadr ’s overtures , the US military has never relented in its determination to break up the grassroots Sadrist organisation .
For an occupying power , a political movement that demands that American troops leave , opposes the sale of Iraqi energy resources and can mobilise tens of thousands of armed men is intolerable .
Moreover , amid continuing US threats against Tehran , Washington is concerned that an attack on Iran could provoke an uprising in Iraq among the Sadrists .
At times , the Mahdi Army has claimed to have as many as 60,000 fighters , though thousands have been killed or wounded in largely one - sided clashes with US troops .
Since last August , the US military and the pro-occupation Shiite parties that dominate the Iraqi government have exploited Sadr ’s declaration of a ceasefire to systematically crack down on the Mahdi Army .
Wholesale killings and arrests of alleged “ rogue ” militiamen — men accused of disobeying Sadr ’s directives — have taken place in cities such as Najaf , Karbala , Kut , Diwaniyah , Hillah and Basra , as well as in Baghdad .
A leading Sadrist , Sheik Salman al - Fraiji , accused the army units in Baghdad of seeking to extend the purge to Sadr City .
He told the New York Times : “ We believe there are many officers , commanders and soldiers who do not submit to their official leaders .
They submit to political parties which push them to arrest al - Sadr followers . ”
Fraiji ’s statement is without question a reference to the supporters of the Islamic Supreme Council in Iraq ( ISCI ) within the Iraqi armed forces .
ISCI is the mouthpiece of the main Shiite clerical establishment in Najaf , which has used the US occupation to secure power and wealth that they did not have access to under the Sunni - dominated Baathist regime .
ISCI is the largest party in Maliki ’s government and also currently heads most of provincial authorities in the majority Shiite provinces of southern Iraq .
The crackdown on the Mahdi Army in the south has been used to bolster ISCI ’s control and dramatically weaken the Sadrists and other opponents prior to the coming provincial elections .
Voting in Shiite areas will take place in a climate of fear and with people being intimidated to vote for ISCI - aligned candidates .
The Maliki government last week sacked four leading members of the Sadrist - breakaway party Fadhila from management positions in the southern oil industry .
Fadhila currently holds the governorship in Basra province .
A political analyst , Ahmed al - Sharifi , told the Voice of Iraq radio station that since the end of a military offensive in Basra in late March , there had been “ accelerating ” efforts “ to isolate the Sadrist political trends and parties like Fadhila ” .
Sadr ’s agreement to allow government forces throughout Sadr City was presented to his supporters as a political victory which enabled the organisation to avoid illegalisation and keep the Mahdi Army largely intact .
In reality , it is enabling the US and Iraqi military to break up the Mahdi Army and secure its most important stronghold .
Iraqi officers are not expecting the ceasefire to last now that they have begun to carry out raids and arrests .
Colonel Abdul al - Wahab , an infantry commander , told a Los Angeles Times correspondent : “ This agreement is only temporary .
Most of the Mahdi Army is n’t happy with it .
They need chaos so they can take money from the people ...
The only way we will fix this is through power and force . ”
American troops have also clearly been told that fighting is going to break out soon .
Stars and Stripes interviewed soldiers on the outskirts of Sadr City on the weekend .
Specialist Alden Rodriquez said : “ I would n’t be surprised if was a short pause . ”
Another soldier , Christian Teuta , declared : “ These people [ the Mahdi Army ] are n’t going to change . ”
Private Jeff Pisonero , in a comment the military newspaper described as a “ widely held ” view , said : “ The militias are just refitting .
I do n’t think it is going to stay quiet at all . ”
The preparations for a confrontation are a warning that even greater violence and repression is about to be unleashed against the working class and urban poor of Sadr City .
The worldwide effort by supermarkets and industry to replace conventional oil - based plastic with eco-friendly " bioplastics " made from plants is causing environmental problems and consumer confusion , according to a Guardian study .
The substitutes can increase emissions of greenhouse gases on landfill sites , some need high temperatures to decompose and others cannot be recycled in Britain .
Many of the bioplastics are also contributing to the global food crisis by taking over large areas of land previously used to grow crops for human consumption .
The market for bioplastics , which are made from maize , sugarcane , wheat and other crops , is growing by 20 - 30 % a year .
The industry , which uses words such as " sustainable " , " biodegradeable " , " compostable " and " recyclable " to describe its products , says bioplastics make carbon savings of 30 - 80 % compared with conventional oil - based plastics and can extend the shelf - life of food .
Concern centres on corn- based packaging made with polylactic acid ( Pla ) .
Made from GM crops , it looks identical to conventional polyethylene terephthalate ( Pet ) plastic and is produced by US company NatureWorks .
The company is jointly owned by Cargill , the world 's second largest biofuel producer , and Teijin , one of the world 's largest plastic manufacturers .
Pla is used by some of the biggest supermarkets and food companies , including Wal - Mart , McDonald 's and Del Monte .
It is used by Marks & Spencer to package organic foods , salads , snacks , desserts , and fruit and vegetables .
It is also used to bottle Belu mineral water , which is endorsed by environmentalists because the brand 's owners invest all profits in water projects in poor countries .
Wal - Mart has said it plans to use 114 m
Pla containers over the course of a year .
While Pla is said to offer more disposal options , the Guardian has found that it will barely break down on landfill sites , and can only be composted in the handful of anaerobic digesters which exist in Britain , but which do not take any packaging .
In addition , if Pla is sent to UK recycling works in large quantities , it can contaminate the waste stream , reportedly making other recycled plastics unsaleable .
Last year Innocent drinks stopped using Pla because commercial composting was " not yet a mainstream option " in the UK .
Anson , one of Britain 's largest suppliers of plastic food packaging , switched back to conventional plastic after testing Pla
in sandwich packs .
Sainsbury 's has decided not to use it , saying Pla is made with GM corn .
" No local authority is collecting compostable packaging at the moment .
Composters do not want it , " a spokesman said .
Britain 's supermarkets compete to claim the greatest commitment to the environment with plant - based products .
The bioplastics industry expects rising oil prices to help it compete with conventional plastics , with Europe using about 50,000 tonnes of bioplastics a year .
Concern is mounting because the new generation of biodegradable plastics ends up on landfill sites , where they degrade without oxygen , releasing methane , a greenhouse gas 23 times more powerful than carbon dioxide .
This week the US national oceanic and atmospheric administration reported a sharp increase in global methane emissions last year .
" It is just not possible to capture all the methane from landfill sites , " said Michael Warhurt , resources campaigner at Friends of the Earth .
" A significant percentage leaks to the atmosphere . "
" Just because it 's biodegradable does not mean it 's good .
If it goes to landfill it breaks down to methane .
Only a percentage is captured , " said Peter Skelton of Wrap , the UK government - funded Waste and Resources Action Programme .
" In theory bioplastics are good .
But in practice there are lots of barriers . "
Recycling companies said they would have to invest in expensive new equipment to extract bioplastic from waste for recycling .
" If we could identify them the only option would be to landfill them , " said one recycler who asked to remain anonymous .
" They are not wanted by UK recycling companies or local authorities who refuse to handle them .
Councils are saying they do not want plastics near food collection .
If these biodegradable [ products ] get into the recycling stream they contaminate it .
" It will get worse because the government is encouraging more recycling .
There will be much more bioplastic around . "
Problems arise because some bioplastics are " home " compostable and recyclable .
" It 's so confusing that a Pla bottle looks exactly the same as a standard Pet bottle , " Skelton said .
" The consumer is not a polymer expert .
Not nearly enough consideration has gone into what they are meant to do with them .
Everything is just put in the recycling bin . "
Yesterday NatureWorks accepted that its products would not fully break down on landfill sites .
" The recycling industry in the UK has not caught up with other countries " said Snehal Desai , chief marketing officer for NatureWorks .
" We need alternatives to oil .
UK industry should not resist change .
We should be designing for the future and not the past .
In central Europe , Taiwan and elsewhere , NatureWorks polymer is widely accepted as a compostable material . "
Other users said it was too soon to judge the new technology .
" It 's very early days , " said Reed Paget , managing director of Belu .
" The UK packaging industry does not want competition .
It 's shortsighted and is blocking eco-innovation . "
Belu collects its bottles and now sends them to mainland Europe .
" People think that biodegradable is good and non-biodegradable is bad .
That 's all they see , " said Chris Goodall , environmental analyst and author of How to Live a Low - carbon Lifestyle .
" I have been trying to compost bags that are billed as ' biodegradable ' and ' home compostable ' but I have completely failed .
They rely on the compost heap really heating up but we still find the residues . "
Bioplastics compete for land with biofuels and food crops .
About 200,000 tonnes of bioplastics were produced last year , requiring 250,000 - 350,000 tonnes of crops .
The industry is forecast to need several million acres of farmland within four years .
There is also concern over the growing use by supermarkets of " oxy - degradable " plastic bags , billed as sustainable .
They are made of conventional oil - based plastic , with an additive that enables the plastic to break down .
The companies promoting it claim it reduces litter and causes no methane or harmful residues .
They are used by Wal - Mart , Pizza Hut and KFC in the US , and Tesco and the Co-op in the UK for " degradable " plastic carrier bags .
Some environmentalists say the terminology confuses the public .
" The consumer is baffled , " a Wrap briefing paper said .
" It considers these products degradable but ... they will not degrade effectively in [ the closed environment of ] a landfill site . "
A spokesman for Symphony Plastics disputed that .
" Oxy - bioplastic can be re-used and recycled , but will degrade and disappear in a short timescale " , he said .
Yesterday , following a study that showed declining interest in Facebook from the social network 's developer community , we posted a poll asking if you were fed up with Facebook .
The results were a fairly resounding " yes . "
In our most active poll ever , only 13 % of you said that you are " Not At All " fed up with the social network and are still enjoying it just as much as when you signed up .
Many of the comments spoke to issues that I think are not only being experienced by those of us in the tech community , but Facebook users at - large .
Here 's a sampling :
Jared writes :
" Facebook jumped the shark with the infectious applications as well as their rate limiter gone amok .
I write a friend Happy Birthday on their wall yesterday and they say I 'm spamming , apparently because two weeks before I wrote another friend Happy Birthday .
I 'm not sure who 's running that ship but they are starting to go off course . "
Aprille writes :
" Facebook makes my head hurt - there 's too much going on on a page , and since I just want to see quick updates , scan for new friends / emails , and leave - it is way too cluttered .
It seems to me that people started having fun , developers went nuts creating something for every personality possible , and now it 's just drowning in too much stuff . "
Ranee writes :
" I wanted to throw up when Facebook opened up to high school students , and when Facebook opened up to everyone , I wanted to stab myself in the eye … P.S.
A feature that I really find annoying is " People You Might Know " .
There are TONS of people who are friends of my friends who I do NOT want to get in contact with .
What makes it worse is that everytime I log into my account , I see their ugly faces on my homepage . "
It should be noted that the original report was only showing application usage – not overall usage of Facebook , which most accounts indicate remains at an all - time high .
However , the poll question certainly did provide a sounding board for some of you to voice your displeasure with the direction Facebook is going .
I think Brian Solis summed it up pretty well with his headline a couple weeks ago : " Facebook is the New MySpace . "
What was less than a year ago seen as Facebook 's game - changer - the platform - is now being seen by users as its most annoying and least desirable feature .
Yes , the make - up of a Mashable reader is not necessarily the same as that of a typical Facebook user .
But the same could be said of MySpace , where those of us that knew of a better , less spammy option ( Facebook ) quickly left , and over - time , our friends began to follow .
Who will step up this time around and offer a better alternative ?
1. completely
1. kind of
1. almost
1. not at all
1. figuratively
McCain 's politics of fear :
Republican presidential candidate John McCain said on Friday he fears that al Qaeda or another extremist group might attempt spectacular attacks in Iraq to try to tilt the U.S. election against him .
McCain , at a town hall meeting in this Philadelphia suburb , was asked if he had concerns that anti-American militants in Iraq might ratchet up their activities in Iraq to try to increase casualties in September or October and tip the November election against him .
" Yes , I worry about it , " McCain said .
" And I know they pay attention because of the intercepts we have of their communications ...
By Matt Frei
BBC News , Washington
The candidacy of Hillary Rodham Clinton refuses to die .
She has been compared to the Duracell battery bunny that keeps on shuffling when others , powered by lesser fuel cells , have ground to a halt .
The Clintons have always been professional politicians Less kindly she has been likened to Glenn Close in the film " Fatal Attraction " , who is supposed to have been drowned in the bathtub but then comes back in one last terrifying moment , wielding a carving knife .
The simple but frequently overlooked fact about Senator Clinton is that unless there is an overwhelming reason to bow out of the race she will simply not go away .
Why should she ?
She has found her own voice and proved herself as a formidable candidate .
It is not for nothing that Sally Bedell Smith entitled her brilliant book about the Clintons " For the Love of Politics " .
Politics is the family business - it runs in their blood .
The Clintons may have been trained as lawyers but they have always been professional politicians , who revel in the bare knuckle , brow - beating , arm - squeezing , baby - hugging business of getting elected and wielding power .
That 's what Hillary means when she boasts about experience and tells her audience that she has been in the fight long enough to know how to deliver the knock - out blows against John McCain in November .
In effect she is saying : " I may not be about change .
I may not embody the new type of politics , you all yearn for .
But I am really good at the old type .
In a nasty fight you want me on your side not the loping intellectual from Harvard ! "
Her victory in big states like Pennsylvania , Ohio and California indicates that she may have a point - this is certainly the message her surrogates will be hammering home .
Gifted amateur Obama by comparison is a brilliantly gifted amateur .
Before he became a politician he was a law professor and a social worker .
He is a politician who writes good books , which makes him the rarest of breeds .
His first book " Dreams of My Father " is a beautifully written , brutally honest account of his migration through the waters of multi-cultural America .
We have always known that they are the quintessential power couple , the unashamed masters of breaking eggs to make omelettes
One feels that if he was forced to bow out of politics he could easily find another means to earn a wage .
It is an image that accounts for much of his magic and it is one that he himself has carefully nurtured .
Who has n't heard the self - deprecating story about how his wife Michelle never really wanted him to run and how she forced him to give up smoking if he did decide to enter the campaign ?
Even if he lost the White House he would keep his lungs .
That relaxed attitude towards power has been replaced by hard - bitten determination to cling to it .
This may come as a shock to many of his adoring fans .
There is little that surprises us about the Clintons .
We have always known that they are the quintessential power couple , the unashamed masters of breaking eggs to make omelettes .
Family firm
They are to presidential politics what the Osbournes are to MTV , increasingly backed up by human props : the surprisingly beautiful Chelsea and the reassuringly matronly Mrs Rodham , mother of Hillary .
Last night in Philadelphia the family firm was back on stage .
In terms of numbers and delegates very little has changed in the last six weeks - Obama is still ahead .
His own team predicted in January that he would lose Ohio , Texas and Pennsylvania , that he would lead in the delegate count and that this race would go all the way to the August Convention in Denver and they seem to be right .
Barack Obama is forced to remind voters he is ahead on delegates
The voters do n't actually matter any longer .
It is almost impossible for Hillary to overtake Obama in the delegate count .
The senator from Illinois now needs to remind us of this on a daily basis .
The man who wrote the " Audacity of Hope " is forced to bang on about the tediousness of numbers like some electoral accountant .
This is not the stuff of poetry - Hillary has forced Obama to do prose .
Her hope is that as the campaign drags on he will look more and more like a conventional politician making conventional mistakes .
The Jeremiah Wright episodes and " bittergate " show that Hillary is onto something .
Super - delegates
There is only one audience that matters in this trench warfare and it is not the energised voters of North Carolina , Indiana , Puerto Rico or Guam .
It is the 796 super - delegates , the unaccountable conclave of cardinals , who can in theory vote for whomever they like , giving whatever reason they fancy .
This may be the most expensive , exciting and costly primary campaign in history but in the end it is these unelected electors who will decide who gets to vie for the top job in the world 's most powerful democracy - how ironic is that !
In extremis , the super - delegates will do their deed at a so - called brokered convention , when they huddle in rooms and haggle over their candidates like traders over bags of rice and bushels of wheat .
The more likely outcome is that Clinton or Obama will wield their arguments to chip away at the super - delegates until one of them has enough to prevail .
An unconvincing victory for either Clinton or Obama courtesy of some begrudging super - delegates could fatally damage the Democratic Party in November
This is not what dreams are made of but is a recipe for resentment .
World War I ended one day after four years of brutal trench warfare caked in mud .
The Germans were stunned to hear that they had lost .
The humiliation of the Versailles Treaty added insult to injury .
The rest is history .
An unconvincing victory for either Clinton or Obama courtesy of some begrudging super - delegates could fatally damage the Democratic Party in November .
If the battle drags on too long it could leave too little time to heal the wounds .
All the opinion polls indicate that America is fed up with the Republicans .
There is a massive swing towards the Democrats .
In a special election yesterday a northern district of Mississippi came some 400 votes short of electing a Democrat .
This is huge news in a state that is devoutly Republican and voted 60 % for George Bush in 2004 .
Pennsylvania registered 217,000 new voters , the vast majority of whom were Democrats .
On top of that there were 178,000 " switchers " , Republicans who have changed sides .
With a tanking economy , an unpopular war and a president who consistently scores the lowest ratings in the history of the Gallup organisation , the White House should theoretically open its doors to a Democrat .
As the veteran commentator Charlie Cook put it : " If the Democrats fielded a potted plant it would be certain to get into the White House . "
But potted plants have no character and Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have plenty , and that 's what the Republicans will be trying to target in November .
Matt Frei is the presenter of BBC World News America which airs every weekday at 0030 BST on BBC News and at 0000 BST ( 1900 ET / 1600 PT ) on BBC World News and BBC America ( for viewers outside the UK only ) .
Send us your comments in reaction to Matt Frei's Washington diary using the link below :
Send us your comments
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( Natural News ) Traces of depleted uranium ( DU ) have been found in people even 20 years after their initial exposure , according to research conducted by a scientist from the University of Leicester , England and presented at the 119th annual meeting of the Geological Society of America in Denver .
Professor Randall R. Parrish and colleagues developed a new method for detecting DU residue in urine .
They then tested this method on people known or suspected to have been exposed to DU , including a large group of veterans from the 1991 Gulf War .
Traces of DU were found among all those known to have been exposed , even more than 20 years prior .
Parrish said that the study showed that while exposure to DU might be rare among Gulf War veterans , the effects of that exposure can be long lasting .
He said that the new test provides a way to resolve cases in which exposure is uncertain or becomes a legal issue" Our method has been used to show that it is capable of resolving legal cases based on a claim of DU exposure , " Parrish said .
" It offers a way to resolve debates about DU and health and provide perspective on the issue .
" Resolving the potential implications of DU to health in contaminated populations is best done by properly testing exposed cohorts .
The cohorts in need of study are those living in DU - contaminated areas of Iraq , or those living in the vicinity of DU munitions factories with large DU contamination footprints . " DU is a waste product of uranium enrichment , containing approximately one - third the radioactive isotopes of naturally occurring uranium .
Because of its high density , it is widely used by the U.S. military in armor - or tank - piercing ammunition .
When the metal strikes another object at high impact , however , small aerosol particles can be release into the air and inhaled .
Inhalation of DU has been linked to a variety of health problems caused by both its chemical and radioactive properties .
Did you know you can see the Louvre and Notre Dame in Paris for free , get full meals in London for less than $ 10 , and spend the night in a Bavarian castle for $ 60 ?
How about cruising on the Bosporus in Istanbul for $ 1 ?
( No , that ’s not a typo . )
It 's cheaper than ever for travelers to visit Europe , thanks in part to plummeting airfares provoked by ultra low - cost carriers — think $ 69 one - way flights across the Atlantic — and a strong U.S. dollar .
But there are plenty of ways to keep the savings going even after you 've booked your summer vacation to Paris or Western Ireland .
Here are some additional tips on how to shave hundreds of dollars off your next European vacation .
Rail Europe has a variety of passes , but for any trip over five hours , opt for a faster , cheaper no -frills airline .
Want to drive ?
Check the aggregators , as well as consolidators like Auto Europe .
For a longer trip , a short - term lease of a brand - new Renault or Peugeot will be cheaper — and offer better insurance coverage — than a two - week rental .
Consider the myriad of lodging alternatives — farm stays , cottages , private rooms , convents , campgrounds , villa rentals , castles — that are less expensive and more authentic .
Spend a pittance on a royal picnic .
Just look for the daily markets you ’ll find in most towns , and keep your eyes peeled for street stalls and carts selling roasted pork sandwiches and sugary crêpes .
Or head to a pub , trattoria , or tapas bar for hearty , traditional dishes costing far less than at a restaurant .
When you do dine at a temple of haute cuisine , go at lunch , not dinner : you usually get the same menu for less .
The best things in Europe can often be free .
Those grandiose churches that showcase frescoes , stained glass , and architecture by Michelangelo and Matisse ?
Free. London ’s top museums like the British Museum , Tate Modern , and others ?
No charge .
Also , most European tourist offices offer discount passes for public transportation and sightseeing ( a notable exception : the largely useless Venice Card ) .
Sharpen your bargaining skills for Europe ’s street markets , and you ’ll return with more interesting souvenirs ( and colorful stories ) than the tourists who stuck to the overpriced tchotchke shops .
Trimming your budget does n’t mean sacrificing the quality of your trip .
In fact , the less you spend , the less insulated you are from the local culture .
Staying in a thatched Irish farmhouse , perusing old masters in Rome , or snacking your way through Spanish specialties are n’t just the tricks of the frugal traveler : they ’re the stuff dream vacations are made of .
WASHINGTON  Top supporters of Senator Barack Obama , joined by at least one prominent Democrat yet to endorse a candidate , put pressure on Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton on Sunday to bow out of the presidential race unless she scores clear victories in the crucial big - state primary contests on Tuesday .
“ I just think that D - Day is Tuesday , ” said Gov. Bill Richardson of New Mexico , a former Democratic presidential candidate who has yet to throw his support behind either candidate .
And two Obama supporters , Senators John Kerry and Dick Durbin , pushed for Mrs. Clinton to withdraw if she does poorly at the polls on Tuesday .
Texas , Ohio , Rhode Island and Vermont hold primary contests that day , and the Clinton campaign , trailing in the delegates needed for nomination and having lost the last 11 straight contests , has acknowledged that the New York senator needs to win at least Ohio or Texas .
Both candidates were campaigning Sunday in Ohio .
Using an Xbox as a MythTV Frontend
Or how to put Linux where Microsoft never intended it to go Allan Cecil Welcome !
This presentation was given at NBLUG.org on 3-14-2006 .
Since you 're viewing this online , you 'll probably want to swith to Outline mode , which will show you a large number of notes and hyperlinks that are not visible in Presentation mode .
To switch viewing modes at any time , Press " T " or move your mouse to the lower right corner and click on the " 0 " button .
Covered in this talk : ( original ) Xbox hardware and software overview
Legal questions
Xbox modification methods
Live demonstration of software modification
Linux distributions and installation
MythTV frontend configuration and use
Other homebrew software
Notes :
Sections that are only visible in this outline / handout mode will have Notes : as the first line .
As noted , these sections contain additional information , hyperlinks , and commentary that is n't viewable in presentation mode .
What is an Xbox ?
733 MHz Intel Pentium III ( 128k L2 cache )
64 MB RAM , shared with video
n Vidia GeForce 3 MX
8 or 10 GB hard drive , 5 FATX partitions
10/100 network adapter
DVD - ROM drive ( various models )
Controller Ports : 4 proprietary USB ports
The processor has an 8 - way associative cache like P - III E ( better than Celeron 's 4 - way )
The nVidia graphics chipset is really an NV2A chipset at 233 MHz ( 2 vertex shaders )
Other info : 133 MHz FSB , 200 MHz memory Notes :
What can I do with an Xbox ?
Unmodded : Run the Microsoft Dashboard
the dashboard is essentially the console 's GUI
Play signed Xbox games
restricted to original media
Play on Xbox live
requires a subscription
may change or update files without your permission
Run arbitrary code using a software exploit
returns to normal after reboot
not effective for long - term use
The dashboard is what you see when you boot up an Xbox without a disc in the drive .
It 's usually replaced with a different non-Microsoft dashboard when modding an Xbox to allow for more features .
A few mods simply augment the standard menu or replace the Xbox Live menu item with something else .
Regarding Xbox live : Microsoft has been known to upgrade files in the past to break and / or prevent software exploits .
The current batch of software exploits work just fine and cannot be prevented by Microsoft at this time ( more information on why is available Notes :
The dashboard is what you see when you boot up an Xbox without a disc in the drive .
It 's usually replaced with a different non-Microsoft dashboard when modding an Xbox to allow for more features .
A few mods simply augment the standard menu or replace the Xbox Live menu item with something else .
Regarding Xbox live : Microsoft has been known to upgrade files in the past to break and / or prevent software exploits .
The current batch of software exploits work just fine and cannot be prevented by Microsoft at this time ( more information on why is available here ) .
If you do happen to log in to Xbox live with a modded Xbox , your Xbox will be banned based on the hard drive and the serial number , and your account will be banned with your remaining subscription revoked .
What can I do with an Xbox ?
Fully Modded : Run signed or unsigned Xbox .XBE applications , like :
Dashboard replacements
Original ( backup ) games from any source
Linux distributions
Homebrew software
An Xbox is an x86 PC - the possibilities are endless
May not have access to Xbox live depending on mod used , but free alternatives exist :
XLink Kai
XBConnect
An .XBE file is , in essence , an XBox Executable ( hence , .XBE ) .
You can read about the
On Microsoft games , signing happens under Microsoft 's strict control , with each game signed with a 2048 - bit private key .
An unmodded Xbox will not run content that is not signed .
Jumping ahead a bit , the xbox - linux.org MechInstaller will only run .XBE files that have been signed by either Microsoft or by a specific private key , as described in the middle of
Both Notes : An .XBE file is , in essence , an XBox Executable ( hence , .XBE ) .
You can read about the technical specifications of .XBE files if you want , but in general just think of .XBE files as .EXE files for the Xbox .
On Microsoft games , signing happens under Microsoft 's strict control , with each game signed with a 2048 - bit private key .
An unmodded Xbox will not run content that is not signed .
Jumping ahead a bit , the xbox - linux.org MechInstaller will only run .XBE files that have been signed by either Microsoft or by a specific private key , as described in the middle of this article .
Other Xbox modification methods allow for execution of any code , be it signed or unsigned - i.e. " fully modded " .
Both Xlink Kai and XBConnect have similar features , with Xlink Kai covering a few more platforms .
At this time , neither of them charge a subscription fee , so there are other reasons to consider using one of these services ( which can work even without using a modded Xbox ) .
So , is this legal ?
Yes , but keep the following in mind :
It 's your Xbox - you can do what you like with it per sect .
1201 ( f ) of the DMCA
Microsoft licenses their Xbox Dev Kit - they can do what they like with it per their license agreement
What does this mean ?
Running an unsigned .XBE file is legal
Creating an unsigned .XBE file with OpenXDK is legal
Creating an unsigned .XBE file with the MS XDK probably is n't
For this reason , distribution of unsigned .XBE files is problematic
I am not a lawyer - please consult one if you are worried about legality in your jurisdiction .
More information on the DMCA can be found on the Notes : I am not a lawyer - please consult one if you are worried about legality in your jurisdiction .
More information on the DMCA can be found on the Wikipedia entry on the subject .
You can also parse section 1201 of the DMCA yourself or read the EFF 's article on the unintended consequences of the DMCA
Primary online resources
http://xbox-linux.org
Lots of information on Xbox - specific distributions
Articles on Xbox design choices , including how MS introduced 3 security flaws into 512 bytes of code
http://xbox-scene.org
One of the most active Xbox modding sites
Contains information on locating homebrew software and dashboards
http://xbins.org
Full list of homebrew software
Hosts fabled xbins FTP server
A quick summary of links are listed at the end of this presentation .
The article about the 512 - byte hidden boot code that contained three separate bugs can be found
If you have any problems connecting to the Xbins FTP server , take a look at Notes : A quick summary of links are listed at the end of this presentation .
The article about the 512 - byte hidden boot code that contained three separate bugs can be found here
If you have any problems connecting to the Xbins FTP server , take a look at the Xbins guide over at xbox - scene.org or at any of the other guides on the subject
What mod methods exist ?
Hardware : Pros :
Wide variety of physical modchips
Some come in solderless packages
Can come with on / off switches to turn off mod
Drive management - HD does not have to be locked
Cons :
Requires opening case , voids warranty
Solder - based modchips may not be for the faint of heart
Modchips must be purchased and shipped
Onboard TSOP flashing is possible but risky
What mod methods exist ?
Software : Pros :
Free
Does not require opening case
Functionally identical to a hardware mod
Can be reverted , does not void warranty
xboxhdm can be used to create and lock a larger HD
Cons :
Have to obtain specific game title , exploit package
Copying savegame exploit to Xbox may be difficult
HD has to be locked , but there 's no size limit
Xbox live support varies by mod used , arms race
You can find out more information about hard drive locking and compatibility at the
Notes : You can find out more information about hard drive locking and compatibility at the Xbox Hard Drive Compatibility Chart site .
Xboxhdm is one very cool piece of software made by ldots .
After modding an Xbox , an eeprom .bin file is usually generated .
You can copy this file into a folder and then use a Linux script ( or a batch file ) to create an .ISO file that 's specific to that Xbox .
After booting from the disc , you 'll find yourself in Linux along with a very nice script that automates creating a drive from scratch , including using any space larger than 8 GB as an extra user data partition .
The drive can then locked ( or unlocked ) based on information from the eeprom .bin file you included when you made the disc .
There are a wide variety of guides on using xboxhdm available online .
Softmodding 101 OK , softmod it is .
Which savegame exploit should I use ?
xbox - linux.org Mechinstaller
Not made with MS XDK , can use clean BIOS
Only launches specific signed Linux .XBE files
Outdated , removes Xbox live , has clock - loop problem
ldots UDE / UXE installer
Works on all Xbox versions ( v1.0 - v1.6 )
Boots to a recovery dashboard if tray is open
Allows execution of signed and unsigned .XBE files
Easy to install , but requires disc to reapply
Other installers exist , newest ones support Xbox live
Ndure XBE Exploit - open tray suppresses mod
Despite being very outdated and harder than newer mods to use , the
While there are newer softmod packages out there , I still like the
That being said , newer softmods come out from time to time - use whatever softmod you want .
The Notes : Despite being very outdated and harder than newer mods to use , the MechInstaller software mod from xbox - linux.org may be more appropriate ( for distribution reasons ) if all you intend to do is run Linux on your Xbox and you 're not interested in any other software .
There are also ways to remove gaming abilities completely , although I 'm not sure why you would want to do that .
While there are newer softmod packages out there , I still like the ldots softmod package .
This is mostly because I 've come to trust it and it 's really easy to install .
There are a few other guides out there for this particular method , too .
That being said , newer softmods come out from time to time - use whatever softmod you want .
The Ndure exploit is a bit more difficult to install , but it has the advantage that it includes code to automatically swap out the exploited files with the real ones to allow access to Xbox live without getting banned .
So far , Microsoft has not detected or blocked this , but as noted , there has been a continuing arms race between Microsoft and softmod developers .
I still suggest avoiding the mess entirely by using either Xlink Kai or XBConnect
Softmodding 101
After picking a softmod exploit , you will need :
MechAssault , 007 , or Splinter Cell depending on mod
Can be borrowed / rented if you do n't intend to revert mod or if you use a newer exploit
A memory unit or supported USB key to copy the savegame
Savegame can be copied from :
A friend 's modded Xbox via a memory unit
A USB key connected to the Xbox using a modified USB cable
A computer using a controller cable adapter and ActionReplay
Obviously , the easiest way to copy a savegame exploit is to find someone nearby who has a modded Xbox that you can copy it from .
Your other two options involve buying or hacking together a cable to either get an Xbox controller on your PC or a USB key on your Xbox .
If you 're going the controller - connected - to - the - computer method , you can buy one of models your own .
If you want to go the other way around and connect USB devices to your Xbox , there are ( you guessed it ) direction .
The controller - connected - to - the - computer method is described
If that does n't suit your needs , you can go with the USB key method described on Notes : Obviously , the easiest way to copy a savegame exploit is to find someone nearby who has a modded Xbox that you can copy it from .
Your other two options involve buying or hacking together a cable to either get an Xbox controller on your PC or a USB key on your Xbox .
If you 're going the controller - connected - to - the - computer method , you can buy one of several available or you can roll
If you want to go the other way around and connect USB devices to your Xbox , there are ( you guessed it ) several standard guides as well as a couple more that take this method in an interesting
The controller - connected - to - the - computer method is described here , but keep in mind it requires Windows ( although it may be possible to run the Action Replay software required for this method using newer versions of Wine ) .
If that does n't suit your needs , you can go with the USB key method described on this xbox - linux.org page .
Keep in mind that not all keys can be recognized by an Xbox - check out the USB key compatibility list to see what works and what does n't .
The tool itself only supports specific sizes of USB keys , so you may find a barrier there as well .
I 'd suggest only trying this method if nothing else works for you .
Softmodding 101 OK , let 's mod it !
Stable MechAssault - based ldots mod : Get ldots 1.7 ( or 1.8 ) + ltools dashes savegame packages
After copying savegame packages to Xbox , launch MechAssault , open campaigns and select Run Linux
To make permanent , select UDE / UXE install and choose :
PBL Metoo patcher , Evox M8 BIOS , Avalaunch dashboard , generic fonts , enable tray - state
Mod is complete once power light flashes green
Remove the disc and reboot to your new dashboard
As noted previously , you can find more information on
On version 1.6 Xbox units , the screen will end up turning completely green as soon as you start the modding process .
This is because of a problem with the graphics chip used in the 1.6 Xbox units ( previous Xbox versions do not suffer from this problem ) .
The light on the front flashes green when the mod is done so you know it 's safe to turn off the Xbox .
It could take several minutes to back up your system files and perform the mod , so be patient .
Notes :
As noted previously , you can find more information on the ldots savegame package at xbox - scene.org .
You may also want to search around there for more information on all this " PBL Metoo " Phoenix BIOS Loader stuff .
On version 1.6 Xbox units , the screen will end up turning completely green as soon as you start the modding process .
This is because of a problem with the graphics chip used in the 1.6 Xbox units ( previous Xbox versions do not suffer from this problem ) .
The light on the front flashes green when the mod is done so you know it 's safe to turn off the Xbox .
It could take several minutes to back up your system files and perform the mod , so be patient .
Post - mod layout
It 's modded !
Here 's what to look at next : Configure network , update dashboard as needed
FTP Server is now live :
User xbox , password xbox
Xbox DVD -ROM and HD FATX partition letters are : C : = System , 500 MB D : = DVD - ROM E : = User data , 4.8 GB - bigger HD 's span to F : Installing software is as easy as copying it ( via FTP ) to a folder on either E : or F : Apps to \ Apps , Emulators to \ Emulators , Games to \ Games X : , Y : , Z : = swap , 700 MB each
Copying applications is easy - if you have , say , an Amiga emulator for the Xbox , all you need to do is copy the folder using FTP to the \ Emulators folder ( on either the E : or the F : drive ) and reboot the Xbox .
Avalaunch should display the emulator in the Emulators folder .
Speaking of games , if you do manage to put a bigger hard drive in your Xbox , you can back up your games to the hard drive .
This is nice for a couple of reasons - namely , you do n't have to lug a bunch of discs around that can get scratched up and stop working , but also of note is the faster loading times when playing games stored on the hard drive .
In general , Notes : Copying applications is easy - if you have , say , an Amiga emulator for the Xbox , all you need to do is copy the folder using FTP to the \ Emulators folder ( on either the E : or the F : drive ) and reboot the Xbox .
Avalaunch should display the emulator in the Emulators folder .
Speaking of games , if you do manage to put a bigger hard drive in your Xbox , you can back up your games to the hard drive .
This is nice for a couple of reasons - namely , you do n't have to lug a bunch of discs around that can get scratched up and stop working , but also of note is the faster loading times when playing games stored on the hard drive .
In general , DVD2Xbox is the utility of choice for this kind of thing .
In the US , you may be allowed to make a backup of a title you legally own but as always do a quick search if you have any legality questions .
Post - mod layout Many options in Avalaunch can be edited in settings , or : Open FTP session , copy e:\dashboard\avalaunch.xml
Launch your favorite text editor and read the comments
Menu items can be added to a list and look like :
< item name= " Microsoft Dashboard " path= " C:\msdash.xbe " / >
When done , FTP the file back to the Xbox and reboot
Pick a Linux distro
Many exist , but these are the most popular : Xebian
Straight Xbox version of Debian Unstable
Very good install scripts , well supported
Gentoox
Based on Gentoo distribution and mentality
Magic package management system eases maintenance
Newcomer : xUbuntu
Ubuntu 5.10 with Xfce4 ( xUbuntu name may change )
For a full list of available Xbox - specific Linux distributions , have a look at the Notes : For a full list of available Xbox - specific Linux distributions , have a look at the Downloads page at xbox - linux.org .
Install a Linux distro Each one installs differently .
In Xebian : Read xbox-linux.org 's Xebian install HOWTO
Burn the correct .ISO to DVD media , load , and boot
Default root password is " xebian "
Use virtual keyboard or SSH to run XBOXLinuxInstall
Best target is probably E : " game partition " loopback file
Once installed , run from HD by launching E:\debian\default.xbe
The
Because the ldots savegame exploit was used in this mod example , a replacement dashboard in the form of Avalaunch was installed .
You 'll probably want to edit avalaunch.xbe to create a menu item for e:\debian\default.xbe so you do n't have to go through the file manager to launch it .
If you run the MechInstaller softmod , Linux will be your only option - it should show up in the Microsoft Dashboard as Run Linux in the spot normally reserved for Xbox live .
Notes : The Xebian installation HOWTO is really the best document to read when attempting to install Xebian on an Xbox .
Because the ldots savegame exploit was used in this mod example , a replacement dashboard in the form of Avalaunch was installed .
You 'll probably want to edit avalaunch.xbe to create a menu item for e:\debian\default.xbe so you do n't have to go through the file manager to launch it .
If you run the MechInstaller softmod , Linux will be your only option - it should show up in the Microsoft Dashboard as Run Linux in the spot normally reserved for Xbox live .
Install MythTV - frontend Again , each distro is different .
In Xebian : Read xbox-linux.org 's MythTV on Xebian HOWTO
add listed repositories to /etc/apt/sources.list :
deb http://alexfisher.me.uk/debian sarge main
deb ftp://ftp.nerim.net/debian-marillat/
sarge main run apt - get update & apt - get install mythtv- frontend
Set up remote with lirc - HOWTO has sample config
Launch mythtv-frontend to see initial configuration
As with the Xebian install , I highly advise looking at the Notes : As with the Xebian install , I highly advise looking at the MythTV on Xebian HOWTO for full instructions on getting the MythTV frontend installed in Xebian .
In particular , you 'll probably want to install and configure lirc for remote control support using the sample lirc configuration file listed in the HOWTO .
Using MythTV - frontend
Now that everything 's installed , have a look around !
The frontend generally works like a normal PC frontend , so check out mythtv.org for usage info ( or if you still need to configure a MythTV backend )
Change settings to enable LED light status ( red = recording )
Consider adding other modules , like MythWeather or MythBrowser ( use apt - get )
With the proper decoders installed , playing DVD's is possible
Speaking of the MythTV backend , you 'll note I did n't include much information about installing it here .
That 's mostly because it can be a bit daunting and would be hard to cover adequately here .
As noted , check out the Notes : Speaking of the MythTV backend , you 'll note I did n't include much information about installing it here .
That 's mostly because it can be a bit daunting and would be hard to cover adequately here .
As noted , check out the MythTV homepage as a starting point on getting the MythTV backend installed .
I found the guide for installing MythTV on Ubuntu 5.10 very helpful , especially since I had a PVR - 150 capture card .
A quick search with the name of your distribution plus the word MythTV using your favorite search engine should provide a link to a useful HOWTO .
If you do n't have a distribution of choice or if you plan on using a different computer for your MythTV backend , you may want to look into using KnoppMyth to make the installation and configuration process easier .
Other Linux usage ideas Xebian = Debian Unstable - do anything you would do on a 733 MHz PC with 64 MB RAM
Buy a VGA adapter , hack together a USB adapter cable , connect a USB keyboard with a USB port for a mouse , and use it as a desktop PC
Low power consumption - use as a light - duty server ?
Beowulf cluster ?
Probably impractical , but fun !
If you do want a VGA adapter ,
Impractical or not , AnandTech did make a Notes : If you do want a VGA adapter , these guys seem to have one of the better models available .
Impractical or not , AnandTech did make a Beowulf cluster using 8 Xbox units .
At the very least , the article makes for an interesting read .
Other Homebrew software
There are a lot of great apps out there !
Have a look around xbox - scene.org or xbins.org
Tools exist for backing up original games
Many emulators exist , including Amiga and C - 64
Homebrew games and classics , like DoomX and QuakeX
Xbox Media Center - the killer homebrew app
Plays and streams anyting MPlayer can handle
Uses Python , has extensive scripting support
A MythTV - frontend Python script exists
Look at the feature list at xboxmediacenter.com
The part about there being quite a few Emulators out there is n't a joke - take a quick look at the Notes :
The part about there being quite a few Emulators out there is n't a joke - take a quick look at the Xport project hosted at xbox - scene.org to get a good idea of what 's out there .
MythTV in Xbox Media Center Installing and using XBMCMythTV :
get from xbmcmythtv.sf.net and copy to \XBMC \Scripts
Share MythTV capture directory with Samba so xbmcmythtv can see programs , live TV feed
Script provides most of the features of the full client but with a shorter boot time
Works by accessing MPEG files directly and using XBMC 's built - in file playing capabilities
XBMC can throttle case fan , power down HD for quiet viewing
XBMC is interesting for a large number of reasons , most of which involve the fact that it has quite a few more features than
XBMC is still a very active project .
Binary CVS versions of XBMC pop out all the time , so keep an eye out for them .
The CVS releases usually contain a decent number of features that are n't yet included in the most recent stable release ( which , of course , has the benefit of being more stable , but there 's a trade - off to everything ) .
Speaking of CVS , the CVS versions of Notes : XBMC is interesting for a large number of reasons , most of which involve the fact that it has quite a few more features than Microsoft 's offering , as the previous link shows in a side - by - side comparison .
There 's a feature list at the XBMC homepage that should give you an idea of what file formats are supported and what features are implemented .
XBMC is still a very active project .
Binary CVS versions of XBMC pop out all the time , so keep an eye out for them .
The CVS releases usually contain a decent number of features that are n't yet included in the most recent stable release ( which , of course , has the benefit of being more stable , but there 's a trade - off to everything ) .
Speaking of CVS , the CVS versions of XBMCMythTV have a few more features than the stable release .
You may need to use the CVS version if you 're using a very recent version of the MythTV backend that the released versions of XMBCMythTV has n't fully caught up with yet .
XBMCMythTV is still in a beta state , but it 's very interesting in what it can do and how it manages to do it .
Summary
An Xbox is a PC that , when modded , can run arbitrary x86 code
Both Hardware and Software mods exist , each with their own pros and cons
Several Xbox - specific
Linux distributions are available with different benefits and disadvantages
An Xbox can be used to connect to a MythTV backend from inside Linux and in XBMC via scripts
All of it can be done without ever opening the case
Resources http://xbox-linux.org
- Xbox Linux distros , info
http://www.xbox-linux.org/wiki/Xebian_HOWTO
http://www.xbox-linux.org/wiki/MythTV_on_Xebian_HOWTO
http://xbox-scene.org
- Forums , homebrew apps
http://xguides.xbox-scene.com
-
Lots of guides
http://xbins.org
-
List of software , hosts FTP server
http://xboxmediacenter.com
- XBMC Homepage , WIKI
http://sourceforge.net/projects/xbmcmythtv
- XBMC-MythTV scripts homepage
Press " T " to see the outline mode with more information .
Danny O'Brien from the Electronic Frontier Foundation sez ,
Vista users are complaining that Media Center refuses to let them record broadcast digital TV shows on NBC .
Here 's a screenshot of what they 're seeing .
After we won the fight to stop the Broadcast Flag three years ago , over - the - air digital TV should n't have any copy controls — and if it did , Microsoft should n't have to obey them .
Is it a bug in Vista 's DRM systems ?
Did Microsoft and NBC cut a deal ?
What other receivers out there are going to obey the broadcasters instead of their owners ?
Do You Have The Freedom To Choose ?
The Space of Choice
Houses get dusty , people grow old , machines break , men destroy , and everything that lives dies .
Yet , people build , and plant , and create .
Children are born , and the world changes and grows in beautiful , new , and exciting ways .
Both are true .
The world is dying , and the world is growing and unfolding .
Life is full of contradictions .
Which side of life do you choose to focus on ?
Do you focus your energy , through speech or action , on decay , destruction , and what ’s wrong with the world ?
( This is a focus on fear , and how the world will harm you . )
Or , do you focus your heart , your energy , your speech , and your actions on what is possible ?
Do you seek to repair what is broken , and to look for ways to create wonder ?
Do you believe in choice ?
Or do you think that who you are , and what you do , is determined , either by genetics , or the way that you were brought up .
I love the way that Steven Covey , in The Eighth Habit , speaks about choice .
This book like his others are essential reading in the field of personal development .
Covey says that there is a space between stimulus ( an influence , something desirable , something undesirable ) and your response ( a feeling , what you see , what you do ) .
Do your thoughts , your feelings , and your experience deny this ?
Does it seem that you have no choice in how you react ?
“ He made me angry . ”
“ I ca n’t stand when she does that ! ”
How do you find that space between stimulus and response ?
Sometimes that space seems very small , and we move too fast between stimulus and response .
But a seed is also small .
Take care of it , and it grows .
At first , your power to choose your response is small .
But when you exercise that power of choice , it grows , and the space of choice grows larger and larger .
Ignore or deny your power of choice for long enough , and it shrinks .
But always , the seed remains .
Iraq cost : $ 14.1 million an hour
WASHINGTON - Democratic Rep. Shelley Berkley is trying to get Nevadans to think more deeply about the financial costs of the Iraq war .
The lives lost are well known -- more than 4,000 U.S. military personnel , and tens of thousands of Iraqis .
In dollars , here are the numbers :
The U.S. spends $ 3,919 every second in Iraq .
That is $ 235,160 a minute , $ 14.1 million an hour .
“ In the time it takes to read this , ” read a recent email blast from Berkley ’s office , “ we ’ve spent $ 10,000 in Iraq . ”
The military ’s top commander in Iraq , Army Gen. David Petraeus , returns to Capitol Hill this week to deliver news many in Washington do n’t want to hear .
The war will not be ending any time soon .
Democrats do n’t have the votes to pull the troops out .
Nor are they willing to simply cut off funds .
Now they are trying to gather votes by arguing that staying in Iraq is unaffordable when the United States has so many other pressing financial needs .
Republicans dismiss these arguments as desperate , criticizing efforts to link the costs of war to the nation ’s economic woes .
Pulling troops out now , the House majority leader said this afternoon , would demean the memories of those who have lost their lives .
Berkley , though , presses on with Democratic talking points at the ready , firing off a missive in advance of Petraeus ’ visit .
“ On Monday , the U.S. will spend $ 340 million in Iraq , ” this afternoon ’s email said .
On Tuesday $ 340 million will be spent .
On Wednesday another $ 340 million .
And so on .
Health care and health insurance issues have been at the forefront of the race for the White House in 2008 .
Hillary Clinton , Barack Obama and John McCain have all proposed different plans to fix our system .
In this series we will discuss the pros and cons of each option .
Read why Obama 's plan wo n't work .
Choices
Barack Obama 's vision is built on choices .
It will not restrict you to just national or private health care .
His vision is to make both of these options accessible to you .
His idea has the same key buzz points as most others : care available to everyone , the same policies as members of congress and no American will be turned down because of their pre-existing conditions .
He also wants to make premiums , deductibles and co-pays more affordable .
He wants to make enrollment easier and access instant to this protection .
You can also choose to purchase private insurance .
There will be new rules and practices set forth to help control the private sector , which will have the same standards as public options .
Obamacare also recognizes that some states have done well in their own implementation .
His plan will not stop the current efforts of these states and will look to build on them .
His idea will also allow for state experimentation .
Employers Held Responsible
If an employer does not assist employees with a helpful contribution towards coverage , they will have to contribute a percentage of their payroll towards the national plan .
Some smaller business may be exempt from this part of the proposal .
Obama 's idea will also protect you if you switch jobs .
If you switch jobs you will not have to worry about jeopardizing your existing coverage .
His vision will protect private insurers from catastrophic medical expenditures that have been the cause of high medical expenses in recent years .
The proposal would help out these insurers by reimbursing them for a portion of the catastrophic costs that come about , if they promise to reduce the cost of premiums .
The Final Word
This proposal looks to eliminate wasteful spending when found .
The money that is saved will be put back into the policy .
The plan will also require doctors , hospitals and providers to publicly report their costs in a measure to improve quality .
He also stresses coverage for children .
All children will be required to have some sort of policy , and young people will be able to stay on their parents ' plan until they are 25 .
Barack Obama 's Plan for a Healthy America
AMHERST - A raucous off - campus house party erupting into a drunken , bloody brawl .
Athletes allegedly attacking other partygoers with baseball bats , lacrosse sticks , and bottles .
Two students facing attempted murder charges in separate late - night dormitory confrontations that included an alleged rape and a racially charged double stabbing .
That 's the grim police blotter at UMass - Amherst over just the past three weeks , a spate of violence that has deeply rattled many students and faculty and left administrators pleading for peace .
Even for a campus infamous for rowdy partying and occasional outbursts of violence , the scope and severity , over such a short time frame , have stirred widespread anger and alarm .
The rash of attacks , which law enforcement and college officials describe as highly unusual for UMass , has also prompted soul - searching about the effectiveness of efforts to curb the binge drinking that is believed to be fueling violence .
" We need to shift away from looking at each individual incident , and toward looking at this as a cultural problem , " said Marianne Winters , director of the campus women 's center .
" There 's this anticipation , almost an expectation , on campus that violence is a possibility . "
UMass spokesman Ed Blaguszewski said administrators are highly concerned about the violence , but that each episode involved unrelated people and circumstances .
He asserted that the campus is safe overall and pointed out that alcohol - fueled fights are not uncommon on large campuses .
" These are very serious and troubling incidents , " he said .
" But it is not a UMass - Amherst - specific problem .
This is an issue across the country , particularly at large flagships . "
Of UMass - Amherst 's 25,000 students , 19,000 are undergraduates .
About 12,000 students live on campus , and Blaguszewski said the university is working with Amherst police to crack down on unruly off - campus parties .
In response to the recent events , the university is also increasing campus police patrols , particulary around dormitories and has urged residential staff to report suspicious behavior , he said .
Some students say altercations are inevitable on a large campus .
" It 's a huge school and kind of like its own city , " said freshman Nicholas Leoutsakos .
" I 'm not surprised if there are jackasses who want to hurt other people . "
At a student forum last week to discuss the violence , many students focused on the most highly publicized of the three recent criminal incidents .
Jason Vassell , a 23 - year - old student who was popular on campus , was charged with stabbing John Bowes , 20 , who is not a UMass student , several times around 5 a.m. in a dormitory .
Many students said they believed Vassell was defending himself in the confrontation , which police said began when Bowes shouted racial slurs at Vassell , who is black .
Bowes also faces criminal charges .
Another UMass student was charged with attempting to rape and strangle a student on campus .
Robots , mazes , and subsumption architecture
Programming virtual robots in the Java language
Robotics is a field that long ago left the realm of science fiction to drive advances in industrial automation , health care , space exploration , and other applications .
Software robot simulators not only simplify development work for robotics engineers , but they also give researchers a tool for studying artificial intelligence ( AI ) algorithms and machine learning .
One such research - focused simulator is the open source Simbad project , built on Java 3D technology ( see Related topics ) .
This article shows how to program virtual robots using the Simbad toolkit to realize the robotics - design philosophy of subsumption architecture .
This article starts with a brief overview of robotics and explains the subsumption architecture concept .
Then it introduces the Simbad toolkit and shows how to implement a subsumption architecture within Simbad .
Then , you 'll program a simple robot using this architecture .
Finally , you 'll look at the fascinating world of mazes and program a second robot that , unlike Homer Simpson ( see Related topics ) , can find its way out of a maze .
Your robots wo n't be physical but will " live " in the Simbad virtual world .
Robotics programming
The word robot has no universally accepted definition .
For this article 's purposes , consider a robot to have three parts :
A collection of sensors
A program that defines the robot's behavior
A collection of actuators and effectors
Traditional robotics
In traditional robotics ( that is , robotics before 1986 ) , a robot has a central " brain " that builds and maintains a " map " of the world and makes plans based on that map .
First , the robot 's sensors — for example , touch sensors , light sensors , and ultrasonic sensors — take in information from its environment .
The robot 's brain fuses all the information gathered by its sensors and updates the map of its world .
The robot then decides on a course of action .
It acts through its actuators and effectors .
Actuators are basically motors and are attached to effectors , which interact with the robot 's environment .
Examples of effectors are wheels and arms .
( The term actuator is often used loosely to mean either an actuator or an effector . )
In short , a traditional robot takes input from possibly multiple sensors , fuses this sensor information , updates its map of the world , makes a plan based on its current view of the world , and then acts .
This method is problematic , though .
For one thing , it 's highly computation - intensive .
Also , keeping a world map up to date is hard because the external world is always changing .
Further , many organisms , such as insects , thrive without a map of their external world or even memory ; might it be better to try to emulate them ?
These problems led to a new style of robotics , called behavior - based robotics ( BBR ) .
BBR is perhaps the dominant philosophy in robotics labs today .
Subsumption architecture
BBR can be implemented using a subsumption architecture .
Subsumption architecture 's inventor — Rodney A. Brooks , now head of the MIT AI Lab — introduced it in his seminal 1986 paper , " Elephants Don't Play Chess " ( see Related topics ) .
Behavior - based robots are built up out of a set of independent , simple behaviors .
Behaviors are defined by what triggers them ( usually a sensor reading ) and the action taken ( which usually involves an effector ) .
Behaviors are layered on top of one another .
When two behaviors conflict , a central arbitrator decides which should take precedence .
The robot 's overall behavior is emergent , and , according to BBR proponents , can be greater than the sum of its parts .
The emergent higher - level behaviors subsume the lower - level behaviors .
Rather than try to engineer a robot , you just add behaviors and see what emerges .
Simbad : A robotic simulation environment
LEGO Mindstorms
This article focuses on building softbots , but if you want to try building physical robots , LEGO Mindstorms is an excellent robotics kit .
A sign at LEGO Mindstorms headquarters reads : " We will do for robotics what iPod did for music . "
LEGO introduced the first version of its Mindstorms robotics kit in 1998 .
The kit was immediately a big seller , bigger than LEGO expected .
Although it might seem a little pricey at $ 250 , keep in mind that that 's the price of an iPod Classic , and everyone has an iPod .
However , the iPod is n't nearly as hackable as Mindstorms .
Shortly after Mindstorms was first released , hardware hackers started pulling apart the Mindstorms RCX brick — the " brains " of Mindstorms robots — and reverse - engineering it .
LEGO had n't anticipated this and was n't sure whether to allow it or to send out cease - and - desist letters .
To the credit of LEGO management , they decided to allow Mindstorms hackers to do what they liked .
The result is a flourishing Mindstorms community ( see Related topics ) .
Although Mindstorms ships with only a drag - and - drop graphical programming language called NXT -G , software hackers were soon porting other languages , such as C and the Java language , to Mindstorms .
As a result , it 's estimated that 50 percent of Mindstorms kits are being used by adults .
Simbad allows you to simulate robots in software .
According to the project Web site , it " enables programmers to write their own robot controller , modify the environment , and use the available sensors .
It is mainly dedicated to researchers / programmers who want a simple basis for studying Situated Artificial Intelligence , Machine Learning , and more generally AI algorithms , in the context of Autonomous Robotics and Autonomous Agents . "
Simbad is written in the Java language by Louis Hugues and Nicolas Bredeche .
The project , hosted at SourceForge.net , is free for you to use and modify under the conditions of the GNU General Public License .
Technical details
A Simbad world can contain Agents ( robots ) and inanimate objects ( boxes , walls , lights , and so on ) .
Time in the Simbad world is divided into discrete ticks .
Simbad schedules time - sharing among Agents .
Like physical robots , Simbad Agents have both sensors ( distance , touch , light , and so on ) and actuators ( usually wheels ) .
At each tick , a robot can act .
Agents override the performBehavior ( ) method to determine their behavior .
In performBehavior ( ) , a robot can take note of sensor readings and set its translational and rotational velocities .
performBehavior ( ) takes place in a moment , so it can't issue a command such as " go forward one meter . "
To get around this limitation , you usually have to keep track of your robot 's state .
You might also use a timer variable to keep track of how many ticks of the clock you 've been in the current state .
The Simbad API
For this article 's exercises , you 'll mainly be concerned with two Simbad API packages :
simbad.sim :
This package 's classes represent both your robot and the world it lives in .
They include ( among others ) : Agent :
Agent s are robots .
Arch :
An arch that your robot can drive around or under .
Box :
Can be used as obstacles in the robot 's world .
CameraSensor :
Lets you view the robot's world from its point of view .
EnvironmentDescription : Represents the " world " to which you add robots and objects such as walls or boxes .
LampActuator : A lamp that you can add to your robot .
LightSensor : Senses the intensity of light .
RangeSensorBelt : Contains a set of range sensors around the robot .
RobotFactory :
Use this to add sensors to your robot .
Wall :
Another type of obstacle for your robot .
: This package 's classes represent both your robot and the world it lives in .
They include ( among others ) : simbad.gui :
This package 's classes display your robot world and let you control it .
They include ( among others ) : Simbad :
The frame showing the robot world , sensor input , and controls .
: This package 's classes display your robot world and let you control it .
They include ( among others ) :
Implementing a subsumption architecture in Simbad
To start implementing a subsumption architecture in Simbad , you define a subclass of Agent , called BehaviorBased Agent .
BehaviorBasedAgent contains an array of Behavior s and a boolean matrix specifying which Behavior s suppress which other Behavior s :
private Behavior [ ] behaviors ; private boolean suppresses [ ] [ ] ;
BehaviorBasedAgent acts as a scheduler of Behavior s. Listing 1 shows the code that cycles over behaviors ( using the currentBehavior Index class variable to keep track of which behavior should get its turn next ) and arbitrates among them :
Listing 1 . Code for cycling over and arbitrating behaviors
protected void performBehavior ( ) { boolean isActive [ ] = new boolean [ behaviors.length ] ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < isActive.length ; i++) { isActive [i ] = behaviors [ i].isActive ( ) ; } boolean ranABehavior = false ; while ( ! ranABehavior ) { boolean runCurrentBehavior = i sActive[ currentBehaviorIndex ] ; if ( runCurrentBehavior ) { for ( int i = 0 ; i < suppresses.length ; i++) { if ( isActive [i ] & & suppresses [ i][ currentBehaviorIndex ] ) { runCurrentBehavior = false ; break ; } } } if ( runCurrentBehavior ) { if ( currentBehaviorIndex < behaviors.length ) { Velocities newVelocities = behaviors[ currentBehaviorIndex ].act ( ) ; this.setTranslationalVelocity(newVelocities .getTranslationalVelocity ( ) ) ; this .setRotationalVelocity( newVelocities .getRotationalVelocity ( ) ) ; } ranABehavior = true ; } if ( behaviors. length >
0 ) { currentBehaviorIndex = ( currentBehaviorIndex + 1 ) % behaviors .
length ; } } }
Note that performBehavior ( ) overrides simbad.sim.Agent.performBehavior ( ) .
Behavior has two abstract methods :.
isActive ( ) returns a boolean value depending on whether it should be active given current state of the sensors .
( All Behaviors share a set of sensors . )
returns a boolean value depending on whether it should be active given current state of the sensors .
( All share a set of sensors . ) act ( ) returns a pair of velocities — translational and rotational ( in that order ) — that show the action it wants the motor to take .
Example : A light - seeking , wandering bot
Now you 'll create an example bot that has four Behavior s ( in order of decreasing precedence ) , shown in Listings 2 through 5 .
( Download the source code this article uses . )
Avoidance : Change direction after collision or to avoid collision .
: Change direction after collision or to avoid collision .
LightSeeking : Move toward light .
: Move toward light .
Wandering : Occasionally change direction randomly .
: Occasionally change direction randomly .
StraightLine : Move in a straight line .
Listing 2 . The Avoidance class ( based on the Simbad SingleAvoiderDemo.java demo code )
public boolean isActive ( ) { return getSensors ( ) .getBumpers ( ).oneHasHit ( ) || getSensors ( ) .getSonars ( ).oneHasHit( ) ; } public Velocities act ( ) { double translationalVelocity = 0.8 ; double rotationalVelocity = 0 ; RangeSensorBelt sonars = getSensors ( ) .getSonars ( ) ; double rotationalVelocityFactor = Math .
PI / 32 ; if ( getSensors ( ) .getBumpers ().oneHasHit( ) ) { // if ran into something translationalVelocity = - 0.1 ; rotationalVelocity = Math .
PI / 8 - ( rotationalVelocityFactor * Math.random ( ) ) ; } else if ( sonars.oneHasHit( ) ) { // reads the three front quadrants double left = sonars.getFrontLeftQuadrantMeasurement ( ) ; double right = sonars.getFrontRightQuadrantMeasurement ( ) ; double front = sonars.getFrontQuadrantMeasurement ( ) ; // if obstacle near if ( ( front < 0.7 ) || ( left < 0.7 ) || ( right < 0.7 ) ) { double maxRotationalVelocity = Math .
PI / 4 ; if ( left < right ) rotationalVelocity = - maxRotationalVelocity - ( rotationalVelocityFactor * Math.random ( ) ) ; else rotationalVelocity = maxRotationalVelocity - ( rotationalVelocityFactor * Math.random ( ) ) ; translationalVelocity = 0 ; } else { rotationalVelocity = 0 ; translationalVelocity = 0.6 ; } } return new Velocities ( translationalVelocity , rotationalVelocity ) ; }
Listing 3 . The LightSeeking class ( based on the Simbad LightSearchDemo.java demo code )
public boolean isActive ( ) { float llum = getSensors ( ).getLightSensorLeft().getAverageLuminance ( ) ; float rlum = getSensors ( ).getLightSensorRight().getAverageLuminance ( ) ; double luminance = ( llum + rlum ) / 2.0 ; // Seek light if it 's near .
return luminance > LUMINANCE_SEEKING_MIN ; } public Velocities act ( ) { // turn towards light float llum = getSensors ( ).getLightSensorLeft().getAverageLuminance ( ) ; float rlum = getSensors ( ).getLightSensorRight().getAverageLuminance ( ) ; double translationalVelocity = 0.5 / ( llum + rlum ) ; double rotationalVelocity = ( llum - rlum ) * Math .
PI / 4 ; return new Velocities ( translationalVelocity , rotationalVelocity ) ; }
Listing 4 . The Wandering class
public boolean isActive ( ) { return random.nextDouble ( ) < WANDERING_PROBABILITY ; } public Velocities act ( ) { return new Velocities ( 0.8 , random.nextDouble ( ) * 2 * Math . PI ) ; }
Listing 5 . The StraightLine class
public boolean isActive ( ) { return true ; } public Velocities act ( ) { return new Velocities ( 0.8 , 0.0 ) ; }
Listing 6 specifies which behaviors suppress which other behaviors :
Listing 6 . Specifying overall behavior suppression
private void initBehaviorBasedAgent( BehaviorBasedAgent behaviorBasedAgent ) { Sensors sensors = behaviorBasedAgent.getSensors ( ) ; Behavior [ ] behaviors = { new Avoidance ( sensors ) , new LightSeeking ( sensors ) , new Wandering ( sensors ) , new StraightLine ( sensors ) , } ; boolean subsumes [ ] [ ]
= { { false , true , true , true } , { false , false , true , true } , { false , false , false , true } , { false , false , false , false } } ; behaviorBasedAgent.initBehaviors ( behaviors , subsumes ) ; }
Note that although the Behavior s in this example have a total order of precedence ( of suppression ) , it need n't be that way .
As an exercise , you might like to try the following :
Add a socialization behavior : move toward friends and away from enemies .
Add a light - avoidance behavior .
Add lights to some of the robots , so they 're attracted to each other .
Mazes
" Finally !
I knew we could solve that maze using Tremaux 's algorithm ! " — Lisa Simpson
Of the several existing maze - solving algorithms , two commonly used ones consume a constant amount of memory regardless of the maze 's size .
They are wall - following and the Pledge algorithm ( invented by Jon Pledge of Exeter , England at age 12 ) .
Tremaux 's algorithm ( Lisa Simpson 's algorithm of choice ) is an excellent algorithm , but for simplicity this article concentrates on the wall - following and Pledge algorithms .
Maze - generation algorithms
Not only do maze - solving algorithms abound , but so do algorithms for generating mazes .
The mazes this article is concerned with are called perfect mazes .
Perfect mazes have exactly one path from any point in the maze to any other point ( this rules out mazes with loops , " islands , " or closed - off sections ) .
Most perfect - maze - generation algorithms work by starting with a maze that has only its exterior walls and " growing " walls inward segment by segment .
To ensure that the maze is perfect , every time you add a new segment , you make sure you 're not creating a loop or a closed - off section .
Wall - following
Wall - following is a simple maze algorithm you might have learned as a child .
All you do to solve a maze using this algorithm is keep your left hand on the left wall ( or your right hand on the right wall ) and just follow it along until you exit the maze .
It 's easy to see that this algorithm always works if the maze you 're in has an entrance and an exit on its border .
However , if the goal is within an island — a part of the maze that 's disconnected from the rest of the maze — this algorithm can't find a solution because it can't " hop " over to the island .
The Pledge algorithm
The Pledge algorithm is more sophisticated than wall - following and solves a larger class of mazes because it can jump between islands .
The basic idea of the Pledge algorithm is that you pick an absolute direction ( such as North , South , East , or West ) and always try to go in that direction .
I 'll call this direction your favored direction .
When you run into a wall , you turn right and do left - hand wall - following until you 're facing your favored direction and the sum total of your turns is zero ( where clockwise turns are considered negative and counter - clockwise turns are considered positive ) .
At that point , you continue going straight in your favorite direction again , and so on .
The requirement that your turns sum to zero is necessary to keep you from getting caught in certain loops , such as one shaped like a capital G ( try it out on paper to see what I mean ) .
Algernon : A maze - solving robot
Now it 's time to amaze ( forgive the pun ) your friends and build a maze - solving robot named Algernon .
Designing the robot
To implement either wall - following or the Pledge algorithm , you need to know when the robot reaches an intersection and — when it does reach an intersection — which directions passages go off in .
There 's probably more than one way to accomplish this , but you 'll do it by mounting a sonar sensor on the robot 's left side .
This sensor will alert you when the maze has passages going off to the left .
To know when the passage the robot is traveling down ends ( that is , when it " runs into " a wall ) , you 'll add a touch sensor to the front of the robot .
Programming wall - following
You program Algernon using the algernon .
subsumption package ( download the source code ) .
Algernon is pretty simple as far as robots go , and you could program him in a straightforward " procedural " manner .
However , using subsumption programming makes the code a lot cleaner , more modular , and easier to understand even in a robot as simple as this .
To simplify the algorithm implementation , I 'll assume that walls are laid out at right angles .
Thus , all the robot 's turns will be 90 - degree left or 90 - degree right turns .
If you think about the ( left - hand ) wall - following algorithm , you 'll see that you can decompose it into four behaviors :
Go straight .
When you run into a wall , turn right .
If you see a passageway to your left , turn left .
Stop when you reach the goal .
You need to decide the priority of the four behaviors .
The previous list is correct in order of decreasing priority .
You 'll end up with four classes , each of which extends Behavior :
GoStraight
TurnRight
TurnLeft
ReachGoal
Listing 7 is the GoStraight code .
TRANSLATIONAL_VELOCITY is a constant set to 0.4 :
Listing 7 .
Behavior code for going straight
public boolean isActive ( ) { return true ; } public Velocities act ( ) { double rotationalVelocity = 0.0 ; return new Velocities ( TRANSLATIONAL_VELOCITY , rotationalVelocity ) ; }
Listing 8 is the TurnRight code. getRotationCount ( ) returns the number of ticks of the clock it will take to rotate 90 degrees at the rotational velocity you 're using .
Listing 8 .
Behavior code for turning right
public boolean isActive ( ) { if ( turningRightCount >
0 ) { return true ; } RangeSensorBelt bumpers = getSensors () .getBumpers ( ) ; //
Check the front bumper . if ( bumpers.hasHit(0 ) ) { backingUpCount = 10 ; turningRightCount = getRotationCount( ) ; return true ; } else { return false ; } } public Velocities act ( ) { if ( backingUpCount > 0 ) { //
We back up a bit ( we just ran into a wall ) before turning right .
backingUpCount --; return new Velocities (- TRANSLATIONAL_VELOCITY , 0.0 ) ; } else { turning RightCount --; return new Velocities ( 0.0 , - Math .
PI / 2 ) ; } }
When Algernon turns left , he first goes forward a bit so that his back is clear of the wall ending to his left .
Then he rotates left .
Finally , he needs to go forward a bit more so a wall will be on his left again .
Listing 9 is the TurnLeft code :
Listing 9 .
Behavior code for turning left
public boolean isActive ( ) { if ( postGoingForwardCount >
0 ) { return true ; } RangeSensorBelt sonars = getSensors ( ) .getSonars ( ) ; //
Check the sonar on the left . if ( sonars.getMeasurement ( 1 ) > 1.0 ) { //
There is a passageway to the left .
preGoingForwardCount = 20 ; postGoingForwardCount = 40 ; turnLeftCount = getRotationCount( ) ; return true ; } else { return false ; } } public Velocities act ( ) { if ( preGoingForwardCount >
0 ) { preGoingForwardCount --; return new Velocities ( TRANSLATIONAL_VELOCITY , 0.0 ) ; } else if ( turnLeftCount >
0 ) { turnLeftCount --; return new Velocities ( 0.0 , Math .
PI / 2 ) ; } else { postGoingForwardCount --; return new Velocities ( TRANSLATIONAL_VELOCITY , 0.0 ) ; } }
Listing 10 is the ReachGoal code :
Listing 10 .
Behavior code for reaching the goal
public boolean isActive ( ) { RangeSensorBelt sonars = getSensors () .getSonars ( ) ; //
Is there open space all around us ?
That is , are we out of the maze ?
double clearDistance = 1.2 ; return sonars.getMeasurement(0 ) > clearDistance && sonars.getMeasurement(1 ) > clearDistance && sonars.getMeasurement(3 ) > clearDistance && sonars.getMeasurement( 2 ) > clearDistance ; } public Velocities act ( ) { // Stop return new Velocities ( 0.0 , 0.0 ) ; }
Listing 11 is the main behavior code for Algernon :
Listing 11 .
Algernon 's behavior control code
private void initBehaviorBasedAgent ( algernon.subsumption.BehaviorBasedAgent behaviorBasedAgent ) { algernon.subsumption .Sensors sensors = behaviorBasedAgent.getSensors ( ) ; algernon.subsumption.Behavior [ ] behaviors = { new ReachGoal ( sensors ) , new TurnLeft ( sensors ) , new TurnRight ( sensors ) , new GoStraightAlways ( sensors ) } ; boolean subsumes [ ] [ ]
= { { false , true , true , true } , { false , false , true , true } , { false , false , false , true } , { false , false , false , false } } ; behaviorBasedAgent.initBehaviors ( behaviors , subsumes ) ; }
Figure 1 shows Algernon navigating a maze :
Figure 1 . Algernon running a maze
Note that your robot can solve a maze even though its component parts know nothing about mazes ( or even walls ) .
Algernon has no central brain that calculates a way out of the maze .
This is what you get out of a subsumption architecture : complex , seemingly purposeful behavior out of a set of simple , layered behaviors .
Conclusion
The Roomba
As I type this , a Roomba is vacuuming the rug under my feet ( while unknowingly being stalked by a kitten ) .
The Roomba is developed by iRobot , a company founded by three MIT alumni : Rodney Brooks , Colin Angle , and Helen Greiner .
The Roomba is built using a subsumption architecture and has an open interface through which you can create all sorts of interesting hacks .
Tod E. Kurt 's book Hacking Roomba shares many interesting hacks ( see Related topics ) .
In this article , you programmed simulated robots .
Programming real physical robots is a lot harder .
The physical world intrudes in all sorts of messy ways .
For example , it was quite easy to make your wall - following robot move parallel to the wall on its left .
In the real world with its imperfect surfaces , getting your robot not to veer into the wall on its left or veer too far away from that wall is quite a challenge in itself .
If you enjoy programming , that does n't mean you 'll necessarily enjoy making robots .
Making interesting robots probably requires more mechanical skills than it does programming skills .
If you are interested in building and programming your own robots , LEGO Mindstorms is an excellent robotics kit .
A low - cost alternative to working with Mindstorms is building Biological Electronic Aesthetics Mechanics ( BEAM ) robots .
BEAM takes the idea of behavior - based robotics one step further and eliminates programming altogether .
The overall behavior comes from hardwired , analog reflex - response behaviors .
For $ 30 or less , you could build your first robot with a BEAM kit or through plans you can find in books , such as Gareth Branwyn 's Absolute Beginner 's Guide to Building Robots ( see Related topics ) .
Or you could buy a Roomba and hack it .
One of the striking things I noticed after programming robots and looking at others ' robot code for only a short time is that you can get a robot to do quite a lot with only a small amount of code .
( However , it might take a lot of tinkering and experimenting with constants to get that small amount of code exactly right . )
With the LEGO Mindstorms kit , you can build your first simple robot from instructions in an afternoon .
A whole thriving amateur - robotics subculture is out there to explore : robot books , robot contests , robot videos , and probably a robotics club in your area .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
With a little ink , some stinging pain and a helping hand from the ancestors , Mark Kopua can heal a wounded soul .
He is a modern master of an ancient art called ta moko , one of the world ’s oldest forms of tattooing and a renewed source of pride for New Zealand ’s indigenous Maori people .
To those who know how to read the twists , turns and spirals of the ink lines , they tell a rich history of a person ’s accomplishments and ancestry .
The centuries - old designs turn the faces and bodies of women and men into testaments to their identity , and offer spiritual healing .
“ I learned very quickly that moko was therapy for people , ” Kopua said .
“ If you ail inside , and you get taken to a grandparent for advice , the elders are involved in your healing .
This is very similar to that . ”
Advertisement
The designs have both fascinated and frightened outsiders for generations .
In the 19th century , curiosity seekers traded gunpowder with the Maori for the tattooed heads of their dead warriors .
Dozens of the dried heads are in a macabre collection hidden away in New York ’s American Museum of Natural History .
The tattoos also brought scorn on the Maori from missionaries and other foreigners who saw them as primitive .
Even today , some Maori adorned with moko complain that they suffer discrimination when looking for work , or just a drink at a bar .
But in recent years , as Maori stand up to safeguard their culture , an art that once seemed doomed by the onslaught of Western culture is again a solemn declaration of Maori identity and dignity .
Their sacred , serpentine designs now adorn foreign celebrities such as British pop star Robbie Williams and boxer Mike Tyson , and Maori are vigorously defending their claim over motifs that many feel are being exploited by outsiders .
--
Advertisement
More than 565,000 people , or one in seven New Zealanders , are Maori , according to the most recent census , in 2006 .
After a steady exodus from the countryside in recent decades , 85 % of Maori today live in towns and cities , said Ngahuia Te Awekotuku , who wrote a book on ta moko .
Now members of the urban mainstream here , including Maori police officers , teachers , office workers and businesspeople , are shrugging off any fear of being stared at or shunned by colleagues and are going for full - glory moko .
Some wear their moko where the passing world can’t miss it , such as the simple curved lines on a woman ’s chin or the florid tapestries that cover a man ’s face and scalp .
Others go for more intimate tattoos , like broad spirals that play out across buttocks and thighs .
Many find spiritual solace in the tattoo parlor , where Kopua helps them get in touch with their ancestors .
Advertisement
Serendipity helped convince Oriana McLeod that the time had come for her first tattoo .
The 47 - year - old Maori woman ’s path crossed Kopua ’s at a recent world music festival in this west coast town .
Feeling the urge to discover the moko that would announce her spiritual rebirth , she phoned several family members to ask their approval .
Her father , a tribal elder , not only gave his blessing , but encouraged her with the news that Kopua , 46 , was a distant relative .
“ This is my time , ” she thought , and took the chair next to Kopua ’s worktable .
A bear of a man with a whisper of a voice and large tattoos emblazoned across his face and arms , Kopua picked up his pistol - shaped tattoo gun in a large hand sealed in a black latex glove .
Advertisement
Then , like a painter touching the tip of a fine brush to his palette , Kopua dipped the gun in a small pot of ink and began injecting McLeod ’s upper arm , drawing free - form from an encyclopedic memory of traditional designs .
For an hour and a half , McLeod turned her head away , or closed her eyes , wincing as Kopua worked on his creation , which depicted the sea and the tossed net of Te Huki , a venerated ancestor of her tribe who extended his power over a vast area by marrying the daughters of several local chiefs .
Like two sets of roiling waves , the pattern of curves and swirls and what seems a squid - like eye transformed McLeod ’s right shoulder into a page of her family history .
Called whakapapa , this genealogy is the expansive network of bloodlines and kinship that makes someone Maori .
Moko can also honor an important event in a person ’s life , such as graduating from college , getting married or experiencing an epiphany , said Te Awekotuku , a professor of Maori culture at the University of Waikato in Hamilton .
Advertisement
It ’s similar to a soldier getting “ Mom ” tattooed on his arm , or a Latino kid in East Los Angeles declaring his gang affiliation with special symbols and colors on his hand , she said .
“ I think what you see in the barrios of L.A. -- the imagery , the sacredness , the assertion of identity and pride -- is actually no different from us , ” she said .
“ Just as in the Maori world , they have recurrent symbols that have particular messages for the wearer , the viewer and the family member . ”
Like most other Maori , she wishes tourists and the trendy would respect what the tattoos are saying and not try to warp them into fashion statements .
“ Even though it ’s expressed through art on the skin , it ’s very much about belonging , ” she said .
“ And if you do n’t belong , you should n’t wear it . ”
Advertisement
--
Even so , Maori tattoos adorn bodies of numerous foreign celebrities .
Pop star Williams stirred up a controversy in 2000 when a Maori artist tattooed the singer ’s arm in New Zealand .
A Maori cultural expert complained that the design had been filched from his tribe .
That same year , 50 artists set up a national forum , called Te Uhi A Mataora , to set design and health standards for Maori tattoo artists and protect traditional motifs against abuse in New Zealand and abroad .
“ They ’re very , very sacred designs that are being used in very , very insensitive ways , ” Kopua said .
“ For example , some designs that come off people ’s faces and heads have been put on cups and plates and all those sorts of things . ”
Advertisement
Maori are also offended by the misuse of moko on people ’s bodies .
Tattoo artists mimicking Maori designs without understanding them draw the patterns upside down , put motifs reserved for women on men or distort the designs in other ways .
“ Most of the moko are genealogical , ” Kopua said .
“ So when somebody just snatches a design that represents another person ’s ancestors and puts it anywhere they please , that takes it out of its true context .
Our reaction to that is very , very strong . ”
In 2006 , activists complained when a Hollywood costume shop put a “ Maori Face ” tattoo kit on its shelves .
French designer Jean - Paul Gaultier caused a bigger stir last year when men and women modeling his clothes in European editions of Vogue were made up with moko on their faces .
Maori are asserting copyright over their designs at the World Intellectual Property Organization , a United Nations agency in Geneva that promotes the protection of copyrights and patents
They have also created toi iho , a registered trademark for authentic Maori - made arts and crafts .
Advertisement
While they fight for their copyright , Maori are quietly struggling to reclaim the dignity of tribal warriors who fell long ago .
The ta moko artists group is working to track down and reclaim the preserved heads of warriors , which are also being stored in New Zealand ’s Te Papa Tongarewa museum in Wellington for proper burial , Kopua said .
Since 1907 , the American Museum of Natural History has had 35 Maori heads in its anthropology collection , but they are in storage and out of public view , said Charles McLean , senior vice president of communications and marketing for the New York museum .
The museum has “ periodic discussions ” concerning requests for their return , McLean said .
But “ we are not currently in discussions with anyone from New Zealand about the heads , ” he added .
Advertisement
Kopua thinks much of the outside interest in ta moko today probably stems from the feeling among many foreigners that they ’ve lost contact with their own past , a mistake he urges Maori to avoid by proudly wearing their history on their skin .
“ We ’re telling our own kids in the next generation : ‘ These are our ancestors .
They ’re worth being proud of . ’
We also tell them : ‘ These are our struggles , and they ’re the same struggles of our ancestors .
And we ’re fighting for them now . ’ ”
When Kopua finished McLeod ’s tattoo , she seemed slightly stunned , almost as if she were emerging from a trance .
Her arm was sore , but she said her spirit was soaring .
“ I ’ve had a lot go on in my life , ” she said , reluctant to go into details with an outsider .
“ I ’ve just found a calling with my Maori - tanga , my Maoriness .
It ’s a reawakening . ”
Advertisement
With her new tattoo covered in loosely wrapped cellophane to protect against infection , she wrapped her arms around Kopua , squeezing him like a long - lost brother .
She whispered something in his ear and smiled .
With his beefy hand and soothing voice , and some guidance from the ancestors , he had set her on the right path .
--
paul.watson@latimes.com
TORONTO ( Reuters ) -
An aspiring Canadian filmmaker is asking the public at large to help fund his first movie project , one frame at a time .
Canadian filmmaker Casey Walker is seen in this publicity photo handout .
REUTERS / Marc Duchemin / Word of Mouth PR / Handout
Casey Walker launched a Web site earlier this year to raise C$ 1 million ( $ 988,457 ) and is selling frames of his yet - to - be- made film over the Internet for C$ 10 a piece .
In return , investors will receive a credit in his movie , advertisement rights on his site and a cut of the profits if the film makes money .
So far he has sold more than 17,000 frames , bringing in about C$ 170,000 , including the biggest single sale at C$ 52,560 .
Walker also has attracted investors from the United States , Europe and Canada .
He hopes to reach a million in four months .
“ I wanted to make a feature film since I got into this business 10 years ago , and it ’s not easy to finance an independent film in this country , especially for a first - time director , ” Walker said in an interview .
He had shopped his script around Hollywood unsuccessfully several times before returning to Canada .
The idea for the Web site came to him in 2006 after he saw another site called the “ Million Dollar Home Page . ”
It was created by a man in Britain who sold pixels of his site to advertisers and made more than $ 1 million in five months .
“ That ’s what inspired me to approach the public online to fund - raise because his success was so rapid , ” Walker said .
People who buy the most frames from the site , www.mymilliondollarmovie.com, get a higher spot on the credit role listing them as assistant producer .
“ It ’s the opportunity to see your name up in lights and be part of a feature film , because becoming an assistant producer on a project like this is not something most people have access to , let alone access at the cost I ’m offering it for , ” he said .
Walker realizes there is a chance the film will not get picked up by a distributor , in which case he said he is determined to distribute it himself .
His only guarantees are the film will be made , investors will get credited , and can advertise by posting links , pictures and videos on his Web site .
If the film is successful , 50 percent of the profits will go to investors , based on the number of frames they purchased , while the other half will be used to pay the production company , cast and crew .
Walker described the film , titled “ Free for all ... But you ” as a romantic comedy about two guys in love with a girl , who is in a relationship with seven other people .
Reuters / Nielsen
A major blaze started in Camden Town 's famous markets area at about 1920 GMT on Saturday , and about 100 firefighters went to the scene .
Thick palls of smoke hung over the area as police closed off several Camden streets .
Flames leapt up to 30ft in the air .
Emergency services feared there might be gas canisters in the vicinity .
Eyewitness Nick Pomfret sent in this picture .
He said of the fire : " It 's absolutely huge , there 's smoke everywhere and it looks quite scary . "
Homeowners and revellers were evacuated from the area .
Camden Town is a major tourist destination and attracts up to 300,000 visitors each weekend .
As the fire engulfed the market , its flames could be seen for miles around .
Nina Schick sent in this photo taken from the roof of her home nearby .
With its vibrant mix of bars , clubs and restaurants , the area had been enjoying a normal Saturday night before the blaze broke out .
Firefighters struggling to bring the blaze under control battled it from three sides .
Theepan Saravanapavan , who took this photo , said he saw firefighters using an angle grinder to gain access to the shops beside The Hawley Arms pub in Camden .
London Fire Brigade said the blaze was being brought under control and there were no reports of casualties .
Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Next
E-mail this to a friend Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Despite the joke in the image above , it certainly seems that the web “ hearts ” Unicode .
According to Mark Davis of Google , the use of Unicode on the web has recently surpassed both ASCII and Western European encodings , as shown by the blue line in the chart below :
In case you ca n’t read it , the red line is ASCII , the orange line is Western European , the green line is Chinese , and the gray line is Japanese .
Unicode allows the characters in the other sets ( and many more besides ) to be encoded in a single character set ( hence the name ) .
It should come as no surprise that Google converts all text into Unicode prior to indexing .
A single world - wide character set greatly simplifies the search for common terms .
You ’d also expect Google to stay on top of the latest standards as new characters are added .
Google upgraded to Unicode version 5.1 less than a month after it was released .
No word on which Unicode transformation format Google uses internally , but the search results on Google.com , Google.cn , and Google.co.jp are all rendered in UTF - 8 .
The Unicode 5.1 standard added 1624 new characters including the Malayalam and Myanmar languages , along with additional characters and scripts for many previously supported languages .
I was intrigued by the addition of more ancient scripts ( Carian , Lycian , Lydian , and the Phaistos disc ) and symbolic sets — hey , now we can write a Mahjong game using only Unicode characters !
I get a lot of email ( especially at work ) .
I 'm trying a Inbox Zero - like approach in order to keep up with it .
Though that 's helping me to stay on top of things , I had the nagging feeling that I was probably on too many mailing lists , and that some of them were probably not worth it from a signal - to - noise ratio perspective .
Ideally something like the Reader Trends or Search History Trends page would exist for Gmail .
I thought I could perhaps build it myself , but the absence of an official Gmail API deterred me .
However , it occurred to me that the recently added IMAP support could act as an API of sorts .
It should be easy to get just the message headers and slice and dice them to extract the stats that I was interested in .
Thus was born Mail Trends , an IMAP - based email analysis project .
It can generate a bunch of tables , graphs and distributions based on time of day , senders , recipients , mailing lists , etc .
To get a feel for what it can output , see the results of running it on a piece of the Enron Email Dataset .
To run it over your own email , see the getting started page .
As a caveat , the program currently loads everything into memory , so my run on 200,000 messages resulted in 1.6 gigabytes being used .
You may want to use the -- max_messages= flag to limit the dataset , at least for initial runs .
The project is still in its early stages , so patches and suggestions are definitely welcome ( my email address is at the footer ) .
You can also subscribe to the feed of check - ins to see changes as they are made .
The plan wiki page has a very brief outline of what I 'm planning on working on next .
The home secretary said it was important to listen to the people
Jacqui Smith Home Secretary Jacqui Smith has dismissed claims by a fellow minister that the government is out of touch .
Health Minister Ivan Lewis said that , after 11 years in power , Labour was often " silent on the daily realities " .
Ms Smith told BBC One 's Andrew Marr
Show that she disagreed , though it was " fundamentally important that we listen to the British people " .
She also defended the proposed extension to the time terror suspects can be held to 42 days .
' Great challenges ' Mr Lewis told The News of the World : " This is not a criticism of Gordon [ Brown ] .
" But we have been in government 11 years and instead of being on the side of the people , too often we simply defend the status quo , even when it is unacceptable .
" It is right we focus on the great challenges of climate change , globalisation , security and poverty at home and abroad and the nature of public service reform .
" However , we are too often silent on the daily realities facing hard - working families . "
" Too often we simply defend the status quo , " said Ivan Lewis But Ms Smith said : " I do n't agree with him that we are out of touch .
" I do agree with him that it 's fundamentally important that we listen to the British people . "
The home secretary also said the government 's plans to extend the length of time for which terror suspects can be held to 42 days was a " win-win situation " as it covered all eventualities .
Noting that terrorism was becoming more complex , requiring a change of strategy , she added : " We are proposing to do something that is proportionate and covers that risk .
" If those circumstances never arise - if I 'm proved wrong and senior police officers are proved wrong - they will never have been brought into force . "
Extending detentions
Ms Smith said there would " considerable parliamentary safeguards " to accompany the new laws .
The current time limit for holding a terror suspect without charge is 28 days .
Some senior police officers support extending detentions , but it is opposed by Lib Dems , Tories and rebel Labour MPs .
The Counter Terrorism Bill , presented in January , says such powers should be used only " if exceptional circumstances require it " .
Attempts to extend the limit to 90 days in 2005 ended in the then prime minister Tony Blair 's first Commons defeat .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
SCOTTSDALE - Earl Simmons , known internationally as rapper DMX , has been arrested on suspicion of racing on a highway and other charges after he was recorded by speed cameras on a Scottsdale highway at speeds up to 114 mph .
Simmons was arrested Tuesday at his home near Cave Creek by Arizona Department of Public Safety officers on suspicion of reckless driving , two counts of endangerment and three counts of criminal speed and driving on a suspended license .
Three photo - enforcement cameras on Loop 101 captured Simmon speeding in a 1966 Chevrolet Nova II at more than 100 mph near Shea Boulevard , Cactus Road and Hayden Road at about 8:30 p.m. Jan. 21 .
The posted speed limit is 65 mph .
Simmons was booked into Scottsdale City Jail and was released on bond Wednesday .
DPS officers said he was cooperative .
Simmons made headlines in August when Maricopa County Sheriff 's deputies , acting on a tip , discovered 12 undernourished pit bulls at his home .
Some suffered from valley fever .
Three dogs buried in the backyard may have died from the heat after the air conditioning in the house broke down , officials said .
Simmons ' New York lawyer , Murray Richman , could not be reached for comment about the newly released speeding charges .
Richman , who represents Simmons in the alleged animal - cruelty case , has said his client loved the dogs and had hired a caretaker to look after them .
Meanwhile , necropsies performed Aug. 18 by a Georgia veterinarian on the three dogs could not determine their cause of death because their bodies were severely decomposed .
But Dr. Melinda Merck 's necropsies showed possible signs of bruising on the left side and shoulder of a 60 - pound pit bull .
Simmons has a pattern of mistreating dogs , says a lawyer who investigated an animal - cruelty case in the rapper 's home in New Jersey in 1999 .
Ray Koski said that the New Jersey case , which included 13 animal - cruelty charges against DMX , has similarities with the Cave Creek investigation .
Investigators said they found weapons and illegal drugs in both homes .
No charges have been filed in the Cave Creek investigation .
Capt .
Paul Chagolla , a sheriff 's office spokesman , said this week that Simmons has not been arrested in the alleged dog abuse case and there are no new developments .
In Teaneck , N.J. , police found 13 pit - bull puppies held in cages or crates in the basement and garage of the rapper 's home .
" They were growing into their cages , " said Koski , a former special prosecutor who represented the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , which brought the charges .
The confinement deformed the puppies , Koski said , adding that a veterinarian had to cut them out of their cages .
" They looked like they had grill marks on them , " Koski said .
Four survived .
The others died or were euthanized , he said .
Published reports said the house reeked of dog urine and feces when police arrived .
In that case , DMX , pleaded guilty to 13 counts of animal cruelty .
Under a deal that included the SPCA , Simmons paid $ 30,000 in fines , in addition to $ 27,500 to produce a radio announcement and pay for posters condemning animal cruelty .
In a draft of the radio spot , Simmons admitted he was so involved in his career , " I neglected to care for my pets . "
As part of his New Jersey plea deal , Simmons also pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct and possession of drug paraphernalia .
In exchange for the plea , prosecutors dropped weapons and child - endangerment charges .
The storm ravaged the city ’s architecture and infrastructure , took
hundreds of lives , exiled hundreds of thousands of residents .
But it
also destroyed , or enabled the destruction of , the city ’s public - school
system–an outcome many New Orleanians saw as deliverance ….
The floodwaters , so the talk went , had washed this befouled slate
clean–had offered , in a state official ’s words , a “ once-in-a- lifetime
opportunity to reinvent public education . ”
In due course , that
opportunity was taken : … Stripped of
most of its domain and financing , the Orleans Parish School Board fired
all 7,500 of its teachers and support staff , effectively breaking the
teachers ’ union .
And the Bush administration stepped in with millions
of dollars for the expansion of charter schools–publicly financed but
independently run schools that answer to their own boards .
The result
was the fastest makeover of an urban school system in American history .
We may all connect to the same Internet , but we do n't necessarily approach it in the same way .
That 's the conclusion of a report from Accenture , which commissioned a random phone survey of Internet users in the US and UK , focusing on how they got online and dealt with security issues , among other things .
The survey suggests that there were significant differences between how people handled these issues based on where they lived and how old they were .
Accenture provided
Ars with a summary of the data , which was obtained by a random sampling of broadband users that go online more than twice a week .
The mean age of those who responded was 46 .
The total margin of error was 3.5 percent for the total survey population , and 4.9 percent for each nation .
Neither a detailed population breakdown nor the statistical significance of any individual value was available , however , so these results should be interpreted cautiously .
With that caution out of the way , the results paint an interesting picture of how views on security differ based on age , gender , and national lines .
Nearly 90 percent of the survey population felt that preventing identity theft was a personal responsibility .
Provided it was some other person — they used identical passwords for an average of 4.5 accounts .
In the UK , 70 percent managed to commit those passwords to memory , while only half of the US population could manage that feat .
As a result , US citizens relied on writing passwords down at twice the rate of UK residents ; women were more likely to write things down in both countries .
In total , only seven percent managed to follow the recommendation that passwords be changed on a regular schedule .
The survey also looked at WiFi use in detail , as wireless communications are harder to secure .
Just over half of the survey population used WiFi at home , with no apparent national difference .
Younger and wealthier individuals were more likely to go wireless .
Among the WiFi users , there was a large degree of trust in their security , as about two - thirds of them had sent sensitive information such as credit card details across a wireless network .
The population under the age of 35 was likely to dismiss WiFi security concerns entirely : nearly a third have hopped onto unsecured networks while at home .
US citizens were more likely to leech , and males had done so at rates over twice that of females .
The survey dipped in to a number of security and data integrity issues .
Nearly everyone was using antivirus software , but about one in seven UK residents were n't bothering to keep it up - to - date ( the figure was only five percent in the US ) .
Only about a third of the survey population was performing a weekly backup , and a quarter was n't bothering with this at all .
The older and higher - income groups displayed more caution in this regard .
Protecting files via encryption had n't caught on .
Only a quarter of users encrypted anything .
To put these figures in context , four percent of British citizens had personally had laptops stolen ; the figure was double in the US .
The breakdown of the numbers was somewhat frustrating ; it would have been great to see how many individuals had sent credit card information across a neighbors unsecured WiFi router , for example .
Despite the limitations , it pains a picture of callow youth ( provided you allow " youth " to include the early 30s , a position most of the Ars ' staff finds appealing ) .
When it comes to technology , they 're more willing to skip the backups and dive onto unsecured hotspots .
Scientists from around the world have reconstructed changes in Earth 's ancient ocean chemistry during a broad sweep of geological time , from about 2.5 to 0.5 billion years ago .
They have discovered that a deficiency of oxygen and the heavy metal molybdenum in the ancient deep ocean may have delayed the evolution of animal life on Earth for nearly 2 billion years .
The researchers arrived at their result by tracking molybdenum in black shales , which are a kind of sedimentary rock rich in organic matter and usually found in the deep ocean .
Molybdenum is a key micronutrient for life and serves as a proxy for oceanic and atmospheric oxygen amounts .
Following the initial rise of oxygen in the Earth 's atmosphere 2.4 billion years ago , oxygen was transferred to the surface ocean to support oxygen - demanding microorganims .
Yet the diversity of these single - celled life forms remained low , and their multicellular ancestors , the animals , did not appear until about 600 million years ago , explained Timothy Lyons , a professor of biogeochemistry in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of California , Riverside , and one of the study 's authors .
Suspecting that deficiencies in oxygen and molybdenum might explain this evolutionary lag , Lyons and his colleagues measured abundances of molybdenum in ancient marine sediments over time to estimate how much of the metal had been dissolved in the seawater in which the sediments formed .
The researchers found significant , firsthand evidence for a molybdenum - depleted ocean relative to the high levels measured in modern , oxygen - rich seawater .
Molybdenum is of particular interest because it is used by some bacteria to convert the element nitrogen from a gas in the atmosphere to a form useful for living things -- a process known as " nitrogen fixation . "
Bacteria cannot fix nitrogen efficiently when they are deprived of molybdenum .
And if bacteria can't fix nitrogen fast enough then eukaryotes -- a kind of organism that includes plants , pachyderms and people -- are in trouble because eukaryotes cannot fix nitrogen themselves at all .
advertisement
" These molybdenum depletions may have retarded the development of complex life such as animals for almost two billion years of Earth history , " Lyons said .
" The amount of molybdenum in the ocean probably played a major role in the development of early life .
As in the case of iron today , molybdenum can be thought of as a life - affirming micronutrient that regulates the biological cycling of nitrogen in the ocean .
" At the same time , molybdenum 's low abundance in the early ocean tracks the global extent of oxygen - poor seawater and implies that the amount of oxygen in the atmosphere was still low .
" Knowing the amount of oxygen in the early ocean is important for many reasons , including a refined understanding of how and when appreciable oxygen first began to accumulate in the atmosphere , " Lyons said .
" These steps in oxygenation are what gave rise ultimately to the first animals almost 600 million years ago -- just the last tenth or so of Earth history . "
Earth 's oxygenation
For animal life to commence , survive and eventually expand on Earth , a threshold amount of oxygen -- estimated to be on the order of 1 to 10 percent of present atmospheric levels of oxygen -- was needed .
advertisement
Past research has shown that Earth 's oxygenation occurred in two major steps :
The first step , around 2.4 billion years ago , took place as the ocean transitioned to a state where only the surface ocean was oxygenated by photosynthesizing bacteria , while the deep ocean was relatively oxygen - free .
The second step , around 600 million years ago , marked the occasion when the entire ocean became fully oxygenated through a process not yet fully understood .
" We wanted to know what the state of the ocean was between the two steps , " said Clinton Scott , a graduate student working in Lyons 's lab and the first author of the research paper .
" By tracking molybdenum in shales rich in organic matter , we found the deep ocean remained oxygen - and molybdenum - deficient after the first step .
This condition may have had a negative impact on the evolution of early eukaryotes , our single - celled ancestors .
The molybdenum record also tells us that the deep ocean was already fully oxygenated by around 550 million years ago . "
According to Scott , the timing of the oxygenation steps suggests that significant events in Earth history are related .
Scientists have long speculated that the evolution of the first animals was linked somehow to the so - called Snowball Earth hypothesis , which posits that the Earth was covered from pole to pole in a thick sheet of ice for millions of years at a time .
" The second oxygenation step took place not long after the last Snowball Earth episode ended around 600 million years ago , " Scott said .
" So one question is : Did this global glaciation play a role in the increasing abundance of oxygen which , in turn , enabled the evolution of animals ? "
The study results appear in the March 27 issue of Nature .
Scott and Lyons were joined in the research by A. Bekker of the Carnegie Institution of Washington , DC ; Y . Shen of the Université du Québec à Montréal , Canada ; S.W. Poulton of Newcastle University , Newcastle upon Tyne , United Kingdom ; X. Chu of the Chinese Academy of Sciences , Beijing , China ; and A.D. Anbar of Arizona State University , Tempe , Ariz .
The research was supported by grants from the U.S. National Science Foundation Division of Earth Sciences and the NASA Astrobiology Institute .
More about molybdenum as a proxy for ocean chemistry
Molybdenum , a metal abundant in the ocean today but less so at times in the past , is an excellent tracer of ancient chemistry for two reasons .
First , the primary source of molybdenum to the ocean is oxidative weathering of continental crust , requiring oxygen in the atmosphere .
Second , molybdenum is removed primarily in marine sediments where oxygen is absent and sulfide is abundant .
Thus the enrichment of molybdenum in ancient organic - rich shales requires oxygen in the atmosphere but high sulfur and very low or no oxygen in the deep ocean .
This combination is relatively rare today but may have been common when oxygen was less abundant in the earlier atmosphere .
When oxygen is available in the atmosphere , the amount of dissolved molybdenum in seawater is determined by the extent of hydrogen - sulfide - containing sediments and bottom waters ( the colder , more isolated , lowermost layer of ocean water ) .
Where sulfidic environments are widespread , the pool of molybdenum remaining in seawater is small , growing as the sulfidic environments shrink .
The amount of molybdenum in the seawater is reflected in the magnitude of molybdenum enrichment in shales deposited in the deep ocean .
The UCR - led team of researchers estimated the size of the oceanic reservoir , and thus the extent of sulfidic bottom waters and sediments , based on the concentration of molybdenum in ancient black shales .
They did so by dissolving the samples in a cocktail of acids and analyzing the dissolved rock for concentration using a mass spectrometer .
The amount of this metal in the shales tracks the oxygen state of the early ocean and atmosphere and also points to the varying abundance of this essential ingredient of life .
Molybdenum limitations may have delayed the development of eukaryotes , including the first animals , our earliest multicellular cousins .
My research has recently involved the process of spin coating , and being in a nuclear chemistry group we of course do n’t have a spin - coater lying around .
So , I ’ve been hiking up the hill to use the Somorjai group ‘s spin-coater .
This past week I decided I wanted my own spin-coater and so I set about making my own .
The working model is shown below .
Spin-Coater in the Dark : Lights are turned off for more dramatic effect .
If you ’re going to start making your own lab equipment you might as well trick out the new hardware .
In that spirit , my spin coater has 3 light emitting diodes : a green one , a red one , and a blue one .
I can vary the revolution per minute from ~ 500rpm to ~ 2500rpm by varying the voltage I supply to the spin coater .
The sample is mounted in the center and is stuck to the spin coater by Velcro , this can be more easily seen in the next photo .
Spin Coater Close Up
As can also be seen in the photo , my spin coater is just a regular pc fan I bought at CompUSA this past Wednesday .
I monitor the speed of the spin coater with a laser mounted above the spin-coater that shines through the fan ’s blades and strikes one of our group ’s alpha detectors .
The nice thing about the alpha detector is that I do n’t even have to supply any power to it .
There is enough current generated , I presume by the photoelectric effect , to carry a signal to an oscilloscope which I can use to monitor the fan ’s speed .
A picture of the laser , which is my boss ’s laser pointer he uses for talks , is seen in the next photo at the top of our group ’s only non-radioactive chemistry hood .
Spin-Coater in the Hood
It took me 2 days to build my spin coater , Wednesday and Thursday , and one more day to make sure it calibrates properly , Friday .
The total amount in extra costs was $ 20 for the spin- coater ( pc fan ) all the rest of the equipment we had lying around .
Now what other lab equipment could use some LEDs ?
Hmmm ….
Note 1 : Paper that first got me interested in using a pc fan : Spin-Coating of Polystyrene Thin Films as an Advanced Undergraduate Experiment
Mitch
Barack Obama has n’t managed after months of political combat to force Hillary Rodham Clinton out of the presidential race , so he ’s about to try another approach : ignoring her .
Confident that he has built a near - impregnable lead , his campaign aides said Wednesday that Obama would begin shifting his focus toward the general election .
Obama still plans to campaign in states that remain on the primary calendar -- he is to appear in Oregon over the weekend -- but he may also start showing up in states that are considered important in the November contest : Ohio , Florida and Pennsylvania .
( All three have held their Democratic primaries . )
With Clinton ’s hopes of capturing the Democratic nomination dimming , Obama needs to prepare for the prospect of a general election matchup with the presumptive Republican nominee , Sen. John McCain of Arizona , aides said .
Advertisement
“ Everyone is eager to get on with this , ” said David Axelrod , the Obama campaign ’s lead strategist .
“ We ’ve got to multi- task here . . .
Sen. McCain has basically run free for some time now , ” Axelrod added .
Clinton ’s campaign cast Obama ’s strategy as a show of hubris .
Clinton has given no signal she is dropping out of the race after Tuesday ’s split results , when she lost decisively in North Carolina and won narrowly in Indiana .
Showing she still believes she can win , the New York senator hastily arranged a campaign stop Wednesday in West Virginia , which will hold its primary Tuesday .
“ We ’ve seen the perils of saying ‘ mission accomplished ’ too early , ” said Phil Singer , a Clinton campaign spokesman .
Advertisement
The phrase “ mission accomplished ” was famously displayed on an aircraft carrier in 2003 , when President Bush came aboard and declared that major combat operations in Iraq had ended .
Obama ’s pivot reflects a hardening belief in his camp that there are few realistic scenarios under which Clinton can capture the nomination .
Because neither Obama nor Clinton ran away with the Democratic race , party insiders known as superdelegates are likely to be the ones to decide who will win .
Even when Obama was embarrassed by the furor over explosive remarks made by his former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. , superdelegates were still breaking for the Illinois senator at a healthy clip , campaign aides said .
So they are confident Clinton wo n’t reverse the trend .
What Obama is planning has a dual motive , some Democratic strategists say .
Apart from pressuring McCain , Obama may want to rebut the argument that he has faltered in large swing states .
By campaigning in those states , he can demonstrate to nervous superdelegates that he will compete aggressively against McCain .
Advertisement
“ There ’s a certain cleverness in the strategy , ” said Peter Fenn , a Democratic strategist not aligned with either campaign , who says Obama is saying , “ ‘ I can prove to everybody I can handle John McCain ’ -- which is of course about the only argument that Hillary Clinton has left in this . ”
Obama already devotes considerable time to McCain at his rallies .
Before the Indiana and North Carolina primaries , there were moments when Clinton seemed an afterthought in contrast to the time Obama spent criticizing McCain .
As Obama begins acting like the de facto nominee , Clinton is giving no quarter .
Her campaign said she would n’t settle for anything less than the top job .
Harold M. Ickes , a top advisor to Clinton , said in an interview that the second spot on the ticket had no allure .
He cited her election - night party Tuesday , when Clinton said she was moving “ full speed on to the White House . ”
Advertisement
Ickes : “ She meant the Oval Office , not the office down the hall . ”
--
peter.nicholas@latimes.com
By Jonathan Fildes
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
The UK plans to build an even more powerful facility called Hiper
The world 's most powerful laser has heated matter to a truly sweltering 10 million Celsius .
The Vulcan laser concentrated power equivalent to 100 times the world 's electricity production into a spot just a few millionths of a metre across .
Writing in the New Journal of Physics , scientists said they could create the conditions for fractions of a second .
The experiments demonstrated concepts which could be key to building a future nuclear fusion reactor .
The UK has proposed an even more powerful laser facility , known as Hiper ( High Power laser Energy Research ) , which will study the feasibility of laser fusion as a potential future energy source .
" Hiper is a proposed , very large - scale facility and so we have to check that our understanding is correct , " explained Professor Peter Norreys of the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory ( RAL ) in Oxfordshire where the experiments took place .
Extreme condition Nuclear fusion is looked on as a panacea in a world that demands ever increasing amounts of energy .
The fuel for the process is deuterium and tritium , two heavier forms of hydrogen .
Deuterium is commonly found in seawater , whilst tritium can be made from lithium in a so - called " breeder " reactor .
LASER FUSION 1 . Powerful lasers irradiate a fuel capsule causing the outer layer to rapidly expand .
2 . The fuel capsule 's core increases in density , converging at the tip of a gold cone .
3 . An intense ignition laser is fired into the gold cone producing energetic electrons .
4 . Electrons bombard the fuel raising its temperature to 100 million Celsius , initiating fusion .
BACK NEXT 1 of 4
When these isotopes are combined at high temperatures , a small amount of mass is lost and a colossal amount of energy is released .
The process naturally occurs in the core of the Sun where huge gravitational pressure allows this to happen at temperatures of around 10 million Celsius .
At the much lower pressures on Earth , temperatures to produce fusion would need to be much higher - above 100 million Celsius .
Ultra powerful lasers , such as Hiper , have been proposed as one method for reaching these extreme conditions , although many remain sceptical about the technique .
The project has been drawn up to capitalise on another project at the National Ignition Facility ( NIF ) at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California .
NIF is expected to demonstrate energy production from laser driven fusion between 2010 and 2012 .
If proven , the technology could rival the current favoured technique for initiating fusion which uses superconducting magnets to contain and fuse the hydrogen nuclei .
This technique will be used in the 10 bn - euro Iter reactor currently being built in Cadarache , southern France .
Energy boost
The new work laid some of the foundations for Hiper .
In the experiments , the Vulcan laser focused one petawatt ( 1,000 trillion watts ) of power into a spot about one tenth of the width of a human hair .
Laser vision fuels energy future
The pulse lasted for one picosecond ( one trillionth of a second ) , heating the target to 10 million Celsius , one tenth of that required for nuclear fusion .
However , even at these relatively balmy temperatures , the conditions were equivalent to these found in supernova explosions .
A special high - speed camera probed the fleeting moment .
" We wanted to understand the basic interaction of matter with these laser pulses , " Professor Norreys told BBC News .
Specifically , the team wanted to understand how much energy was transferred from the laser to the target .
" Efficient coupling of the laser energy to the target is crucial for fast ignition fusion , and is one of the main questions on which the design of ¿
Hiper depends , " said Dr Jonathan Davies from Instituto Superior Technico , Lisbon , Portugal , who also took part in the study .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
10 Common WordPress Problems ( And What You Can Do About Them )
WordPress is more visited that Twitter .
That ’s right .
It ’s such a major part of the world wide web , that it has more unique visitors per month than the popular social media platform – 131 million unique visitors per month to be exact .
As such a powerful powerful part of the world wide web with so much versatility , WordPress has given everyone from personal blogs to small businesses a powerful platform to communicate .
Of course , with great power comes great responsibility .
Just like anything in life , you ’re bound to run into some problems on WordPress that can leave you feeling frustrated and helpless .
To help you out , we ’ve listed the ten most common WordPress problems , and how you can fix them .
1. Internal Server Error
Ah , the dreaded “ Internal Server Error ” message , aka the “ 500 Internal Server Error ” .
It ’s one of the most common and most confusing of all the WordPress errors .
The worst part about this message is that it can happen out of the blue , making it difficult to trace the problem .
It usually appears when there is something wrong with your site but the server is unable to identify what or where the problem is .
That pretty much leaves it up to you to figure out the source of the problem , so put on your detective cap !
Unfortunately , there are quite a few possible reasons for this WordPress error , but we ’ve got the most common ones covered .
Corrupt .htaccess File
The most common cause is a corrupt .htaccess file .
This file contains important directives for the server .
To check if this is the root of your Internal Server Error problem , you ’ll have to access your server via FTP and find the file in your root directory .
After locating it , rename the file to something like ‘ .htaccess_old ’ , reload your site and voila !
If that fixed the problem , you can now create a new .htaccess file under Settings >
Permalinks in your WP admin panel .
Insufficient Memory
Another possible reason for an Internal Server Error is insufficient memory .
All you have to do is increase the limit of the available memory .
For detailed instructions on how to do this , visit the WordPress Codex .
Plugin Problem
A problem with plugins and themes can also be causing and 500 Internal Server Error .
The best solution is to deactivate all plugins and then reactivate them one by one until you find the plugin causing the problem .
This sounds like quite a process right ?
Unfortunately with WordPress , when you ’re faced with a problem , you have to spend a significant amount of time trying to find the possible cause , as well as trying various possible solutions .
To save you time , money and prevent a whole lot of stress , you may want to look into WordPress maintenance plans .
These plans keep your site in tip - top shape , implementing updates , backups and keep your entire website safe , leaving you to worry about the most important part of your WordPress site – its content .
2. White Screen of Death
The dreaded blank page of nothingness , a common WordPress error that leaves owners ’ faces as white as their screen .
It means your site is gone and your browser has decided to show a screen with nothing on it .
Great , so you do n’t even have an error message to give you a clue of what the problem is and where to look for it !
Like the Internal Server Error , there are several reasons that could be behind the dreaded White Screen of Death .
Here are the most common problems and their solutions :
Compatibility Issues with a Plugin
A plugin may be in conflict with another plugin , or a plugin may not be compatible with the latest version of WordPress .
To fix this problem , disable each plugin and bring them back one by one to find the culprit .
Compatibility Issues with a Theme
To test whether your White Screen of Death is because of a problem with your theme , the best solution is to install one of the WordPress default themes available .
Not Enough Memory
You ’ll have to increase the amount of available memory just as you did with an Internal Server Error .
Refer to the link above for instructions on how to do this .
3. WordPress Parse or Syntax Error
The WordPress error message displayed for this problem will be something like this :
Parse error - syntax error , unexpected $ end in / public_html/site1/wp-content/themes/my-theme/functions.php on line 278
This error usually shows when you are trying to add code snippets into WordPress and the code has some incorrect syntax or you have accidentally missed something important out , like a missing bracket .
Luckily , your browser will tell you exactly in which file the problem lies , and even in which line the syntax error occurs .
Simply correct the syntax or delete or disable the code .
4. Error Establishing a Database Connection
This WordPress error message is pretty clear .
It means that WordPress is unable to connect to the site ’s database .
This usually happens when a user has entered or changed their database credentials incorrectly making it corrupt or unresponsive .
The best thing to try is to take a look at the wp - config .
php file .
Go through it to make sure the database details are correct .
This includes the database name , username , password , and database host .
A common reason for this error is incorrect database login credentials , so make sure you take a look at those .
5. Connection Timed Out
Your connection times out when your site is taking such a long time to load that you get an error that it ’s not even available .
It happens because your site is trying to do more than the server can even handle .
To solve this problem , you ’re going to try the three solutions that we ’ve already spoken about for an Internal Server Error and the White Screen of Death .
This includes deactivate all your plugins , activate a default theme , and increase your PHP memory limit .
6. Images Not Uploading
You may have come across the problem of your images being gone , replaced with broken image placeholders instead of the beautiful image you have uploaded .
This problem is most commonly caused by a wrong file and directory permissions in a WordPress installation .
To set the correct file permissions for your uploads directory , you will need an FTP client , like Filezilla .
For a detailed set of instructions on how to do this , visit this link to fix your image upload issues .
7. Maintenance Mode Error
When this problem happens , you ’ll be looking at the following WordPress error message :
Briefly unavailable for scheduled maintenance .
Check back in a minute .
This is because of an unfinished or interrupted WordPress update .
When your update is interrupted , WordPress does not get the chance to put your site out of the maintenance mode , making it unavailable for both admins and visitors .
To fix this problem with your WordPress website not loading , all you have to do is access your root directory via FTP and delete the file called ‘. maintenance ’ .
8. 404 Error
There ’s nothing more embarrassing than sending someone a link to a blog post , only to have them tell you that there ’s nothing there – only an awful 404 error .
404 errors happen on a single post and not on your whole WordPress site .
Nine times out of ten , it ’s because of permalink settings in WordPress .
All you have to do to solve this problem is to reconfigure your permalink settings or manually update their rewrite rules .
9. Locked out of the WordPress Admin
We ’ve all been there – you ’re locked out of your email and you have to reset your Gmail password because you forgot your login name or password .
Or both .
But with WordPress , this can be a whole lot more serious , especially if you do n’t have access to your recovery email .
Afterall , this could be your entire business ’ website that you ’re being prevented from accessing !
Luckily you do n’t have to even think about starting your beloved WordPress site from scratch .
Instead , you can reset your password inside the database via PhpMyAdmin .
Here ’s a detailed list of instructions on how to reset your WordPress password from phpMyAdmin .
10 . WordPress Sidebar Below Content
One of the best things about WordPress is your ability to really make your site your own in terms of layout and style .
But of course , that means that the smallest edit can cause your entire layout to shift in a scary way , without a clear reason as to why .
One of the most common WordPress problems of this manner is when your sidebar suddenly shifts from the left or right of your main content area to below your content .
One of the most common reasons for this problem is that you have too many div tags open or closed , completely messing up the layout .
A great way to check for this is to use a reputable HTML validator to find the problem in your code .
Take the Hassle out of Fixing WordPress Problems
It ’s clear to see that although WordPress is an amazing user - friendly platform , it can present a whole bunch of problems that are actually tricky to fix .
We ’ve only listed the most common ten WordPress problems , but if you ’re an avid user of WordPress , you ’re bound to have run into a whole lot more , from nasty code errors to your WordPress site loading really slow .
For more interesting and helpful articles on WordPress other popular platforms , visit our other tech articles to keep up to date with the latest and ever - changing world of technology .
The world of today ’s technology does n’t wait for anyone .
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A CRAZED Chinese chef challenged the boss who had just sacked him to a duel - with meat cleavers .
Xian Ming
Wang grabbed the knives after arguing with takeway owner Tat Chung Cheung over a work permit .
Wang placed a cleaver on the counter of the busy shop and screamed : " One for me and one for you . "
He then vowed to chop Mr Cheung up , adding : " I have already chopped up a man - and I will do the same to you . "
Wang , 37 , was jailed for seven months at Dumbarton Sheriff Court yesterday .
He admitted challenging his former boss to a fight , making threats of violence , brandishing the cleavers and placing a couple in a state of fear and alarm .
The court heard Mr Cheung , 43 , and his wife Kwan Chung , 39 , were so terrified of Wang they tried to have the charges dropped against him .
The couple were so afraid of the cook , they closed down their shop - Terry and Jean in Clydebank , near Glasgow - for fear of " repercussions " .
Gillian Climie , prosecuting , said the takeaway was busy with customers when Wang lost his temper last month .
She said Wang was told he was being sacked after failing to produce his work permit .
Miss Climie said : " The accused took exception to this .
" He first of all took hold of a brush from the kitchen sink and began to bang it against the sink .
" The accused was asked to leave the premises but picked up two meat cleavers and brandished them at the couple , who were extremely fearful .
" He then placed one of the cleavers on the counter , holding on to the other one , and said to Mr Cheung , ' One for me ... and one for you ' .
" He seemed to be inviting Mr Cheung to take up the cleaver .
" The accused then brandished the cleaver above his head , stating , ' I am not scared of you .
Me and you will have a fight .
I will chop you up ' .
" He continued with this extremely threatening language and said , ' You better not trust me .
I have already chopped up a man and I will do the same to you ' . "
A delivery driver dialled 999 and police officers detained Wang .
Prosecutors revealed Wang had a previous conviction for a violent assault .
Sheriff George Jamieson , called it " an atrocious breach of the peace . " .
He added : " You boasted of having chopped up someone else in the past .
There is only one disposal in this case , and that is custody . "
In 1964 , when a living bristlecone pine tree in California was determined to be almost 5,000 years old , it gave Bible literalists a big scare .
After all , literalists ( young earthers ) believe that the earth is only about 6,000 years old .
Was that bristlecone pine tree around for the “ big flood ? ”
Not quite : young earth adherents argue that that 5,000 year old tree must have been planted right after the waters receded .
Maybe Noah himself came to California to plant it .
But now there ’s a newly discovered tree that is even older than the bristlecone pine :
STOCKHOLM ( Reuters ) – Scientists have found a cluster of spruces in the mountains in western Sweden which , at an age of 8,000 years , may be the world ’s oldest living trees .
The hardy Norway spruces were found perched high on a mountain side where they have remained safe from recent dangers such as logging , but exposed to the harsh weather conditions of the mountain range that separates Norway and Sweden .
Carbon dating of the trees carried out at a laboratory in Miami , Florida , showed the oldest of them first set root about 8,000 years ago , making it the world ’s oldest known living tree , Umea University Professor Leif Kullman said .
I ’m trying to phrase this carefully , now :
This newly discovered living tree must have been planted prior to the creation of the universe !
I do n’t quite know how this tree could have been floating around in space prior to the creation of the universe , because there was n’t even any empty space “ back then . ”
I wonder if it was ever watered prior to the creation of the universe . . .
If that ancient tree that was the only thing in the universe fell over , would anyone hear it fall ?
Did God have a treehouse in that tree ?
If the tree was the only thing in the universe , how would it know which way to grow up ?
So many questions .
This unfortunate discovery of a very very old tree now forces our hands :
It ’s time to revise the Bible to indicate that the universe is more than 8,000 years old .
That will fix things as long as we do n’t discover any 9,000 year old trees and as long as we ignore all of the scientifically established methods for showing that the earth is actually billions of years old .
[ Here is an explanation of why the young earth folks are absolutely wrong when they attack the validity of Carbon - 14 dating and here ’s an extensive list of reputable articles on radiometric dating ]
The Leaders in High Quality Custom Catholic Pilgrimages .
Since 1957 , Unitours has led Catholic pilgrimages to Italy , Israel and the Holy Land , France , Portugal and other parts of the world .
Our experience with religious leaders and parishioners has given us the understanding that a pilgrimage is not just another tour .
Our tour professionals involve themselves in every detail of the planning and execution of your trip , including the appropriate places to go , the best places to stay and the most interesting sights to see .
You can be confident that our experienced staff and partners , located throughout the world , will be with your group every step of the way .
The federal government pledged Thursday to intensify its efforts to move Gulf Coast hurricane victims out of trailers and into apartments or hotels after the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention finally confirmed that many trailers were contaminated with high levels of formaldehyde .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency , which issued about 144,000 trailers to victims of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005 , has been widely criticized for its slow response to extensive evidence that many trailers contain unsafe levels of formaldehyde , an industrial chemical classified as a probable carcinogen .
About 38,000 families are still living in the trailers and mobile homes , federal officials said Thursday at a news briefing , including more than 7,000 in trailer parks that FEMA had already vowed to close by May , before hurricane season begins again along the Gulf .
Most of the other trailers are parked next to flooded houses that families are trying to repair .
FEMA will now hasten to move families living in trailers into apartments or , if necessary , into hotels , said R. David Paulison , the administrator of the agency .
Senator Clinton and Senator Obama , you have both said that the time to begin ending the war in Iraq is now .
As sitting Senators , you have that power in your hands .
President Bush cannot spend a penny on the war without the approval of both houses of Congress .
When the Senate takes up the next war funding bill , we call on you to lead a filibuster , refusing to stand down until your colleagues agree to vote against any bill that continues to fund the war in Iraq rather than funding the swift and safe return of our troops
For what may be the first time since the inception of the American space program , the Navy is restricting nominations to the astronaut corps .
The move comes nearly 50 years after Alan B. Shepard , a naval aviator , became the first American in space .
The cutback , Navy officials say , comes as the service tries to retain the expertise it needs to fulfill its wartime obligations while experiencing an overall decline in its numbers .
A message from Vice Admiral J. C. Harvey Jr. last month stated that applications for Navy nominations to the space program from 10 specialties would not be accepted “ due to critical inventory shortfalls and / or priority global war on terrorism skill set requirements . ”
Those groups include the special warfare forces known as Seals , certain engineering groups and experts in explosive ordnance disposal , as well as permanent military professors and public affairs officers .
George W. S. Abbey , a former NASA official who wielded control over the astronaut office during much of his long tenure at the agency , which lasted from 1964 to 2002 , said “ the Navy is taking a position that adversely affects the country ’s ability to have a vital and ongoing space program . ”
Planet ’s highest tower with artificial rivers inside to be two miles high
As long as the world continues to watch the race of skyscrapers in United Arab Emirates , the most ambitious project of the highest building in the world is brewing in the United States .
The building , dubbed as the Ultima Tower , will exceed the height of the world ’s current highest building - Burj Dubai – five times .
Planet ’s highest tower with artificial rivers inside to be two miles high
It is not a new project at all .
It appeared in 1991 .
The two - mile high building was designed by US - based company Tsui Design & Research .
Its Director , Eugene Tsui ( an American of Chinese origin ) says that the Ultima Tower will leave all other highest buildings in the world far behind .
It is going to reach the height of 3,219 kilometers with its 500 floors .
A journey to the 500th floor will take 9 minutes and 40 seconds .
Also read : World 's biggest building , Crystal Island , to be constructed in Moscow
Nevertheless , the project is said to be a matter of distant future .
The maximum , which modern technologies can provide today is a 900 - meter skyscraper .
The current absolute record holder , Burj Dubai ( the Tower of Dubai ) , is supposed to reach the height of 818 meters .
World ’s second largest building , Russia Tower , is being built in Moscow .
The skyscraper will be 612 meters high .
Both the Arabian and the Russian towers are very close to other high - rise buildings from the point of their architectural peculiarities .
The Ultima Tower makes a big step forward at this point .
Its inner structure was inspired by termite nests and trees .
Outwardly , the tower bears a striking resemblance to the Eiffel Tower in Paris .
Spacious halls of the Ultima Tower will have parks , gardens , artificial rivers and hills .
Apartment houses , schools , kindergartens and countless stores are said to be built inside the tower .
Translated by Dmitry Sudakov
Pravda.ru
En avez - vous assez des autres homosexuels que vous rencontrez dans votre région ?
Avez - vous de la difficulté à trouver la relation que vous recherchez ?
Un ...
Who owns a recipe ?
Yesterday , the McCain campaign Web site had to dismantle its “ Cindy ’s Recipes ” page after the Huffington Post revealed that the recipes were not lovingly created by Cindy McCain , so much as clumsily copied from the Food Network .
One of those recipes , for a passionfruit mousse , was one that I wrote for pastry chef Gale Gand in 2003 ; we collaborated on four books together , writing literally hundreds of recipes .
Recipes went from her kitchen to my keyboard : she always developed the method , fine - tuned ingredients , decided whether dry ingredients should be added to wet or vice versa .
I wrote the text in the most helpful language possible for home cooks and provided a pep talk in the form of a recipe headnote .
Was the passionfruit mousse hers , mine , or no one ’s ?
In my mind , recipes always belong to chefs .
( In Thomas Keller ’s mind , too — cooks hired to work in his kitchens at Per Se and The French Laundry must sign a formal agreement not to reproduce any of his dishes . )
Although I was one of the lucky writers , with my name on the cover and a copyright on the book , the recipes themselves were her intellectual property , and rightly so .
Dishes can not be copyrighted .
The fact is that many — think of onion soup , or yellow cake — are almost indistinguishable from one cookbook to the next .
The Food Network claims copyright to the recipes on its website , even if that recipe has previously been published — and thus copyrighted — in a chef ’s cookbook .
And those chefs usually “ copied ” their own recipes , in some sense , from an instructor at culinary school , or from a mentor , or from their mothers .
( Or from themselves : Ms. Gand ’s basic mousse method reappears in many different guises — mango , passionfruit , raspberry — throughout our books . )
When I worked as a cookbook editor , I learned that anyone might add 1 /4 teaspoon of paprika , take away a garnish , reword a step and publish a recipe as their own .
Apparently whoever posted the recipes on the McCain Web site could n’t even be bothered to do that much tweaking .
( The title of this post is intended to be deliberately provocative , as well as being a nod to Steven Colbert ’s “ The People Destroying America ” segments .
It ’s provocative because I want to get people talking about this issue .
I do n’t actually think that monkey patching is “ destroying ” Ruby , but I do think the proliferation of the technique has real and troubling implications for Ruby ’s future . )
“ Monkey patching ” , for anyone who does n’t know , refers to the practice of extending or modifying existing code by changing classes at run-time .
It is a powerful technique that has become popular in the Ruby community at least in part because the Ruby language makes it so easy .
Any class can be re-opened at any time and amended in any way .
I believe the term first arose in the Python community , as a derogatory term for a practice which that community tended to frown on .
The Ruby community , on the other hand , has embraced the term and the practice with enthusiasm .
I ’m starting to think that the Pythonistas ’ attitude may have been justified .
Here ’s what crystalized it for me .
The other day I wrote a small Rails plugin ( “ NullDB ” : nulldb ) .
It was inspired largely by another plugin , “ UnitRecord ” : unitrecord .
UnitRecord is by “ Dan Manges ” : [ http://www.dcmanges.com/], a talented Rails developer whom I have a lot of respect for .
UnitRecord is implemented almost entirely as a set of monkey patches .
When invoked , it dynamically modifies several standard Ruby and Rails classes , including @ ActiveRecord : : Base@ , @ Test : : Unit :: TestCase@ .
As a result of this implementation , it is tightly coupled to the inner workings of ActiveRecord .
A small change to Rails and it could cease to work , and such a failure would be difficult to debug .
Indeed , one of the reasons I decided to write “ NullDB ” : nulldb was because of just such a failure .
In writing “ NullDB ” : nulldb , I discovered that I could achieve the same functionality without resorting to monkey patching .
Instead of modifying existing classes , it implements the Rails “ Database Adapter API ” : [ http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActiveRecord/ConnectionAdapters/AbstractAdapter.html].
The finished library is shorter than “ UnitRecord ” : unitrecord , is composed entirely of implemetations of public APIs , and contains zero monkey patches .
The code is also easier to understand , in my opinion , because of the lack of metaprogramming .
Now , I did not write this post to gloat about how my library is better than Dan’s .
As I said before , I have a lot of respect for Dan .
He ’s a smart guy ; I ’ve learned a great deal from “ his blog ” : [ http://www.dcmanges.com/]; and it ’s safe to say I would be a poorer Rails programmer if it were n’t for hm .
And this is really the point .
Monkey patching is the new black .
it ’s what all the hip kids are doing .
To the point that smart , experienced hackers reach for a monkey patch as their tool of first resort , even when a simpler , more traditional solution is possible .
I do n’t believe this situation to be sustainable .
Where I work , we are already seeing subtle , difficult - to - debug problems crop up as the result of monkey patching in plugins .
Patches interact in unpredictable , combinatoric ways .
And by their nature , bugs caused by monkey patches are more difficult to track down than those introduced by more traditional classes and methods .
As just one example : on one project , it was a known caveat that we could not rely on class inheritable attributes as provided by ActiveSupport .
No one knew why .
Every Model we wrote had to use awkward workarounds .
Eventually we tracked it down in a plugin that generated admin consoles .
It was overwriting @ Class.inherited ( ) @ .
It took us months to find this out .
This is just going to get worse if we do n’t do something about it .
And the “ something ” is going to have to be a cultural shift , not a technical fix .
I believe it is time for experienced Ruby programmers to wean ourselves off of monkey patching , and start demonstrating more robust techniques .
I see the problem as one of convenience : sure , Ruby provides us with an immense toolbox , bigger than that of most other languages .
But we ’re like lazy carpenters : sure , we have a whole garage full of tools , but there ’s a hammer laying right there on the floor next to us , and it ’s easier to reach for the hammer instead of getting up and fetching the right tool for the job .
But those tools do exist .
Indeed , most of the patterns in the “ software pattern literature ” : [ http://c2.com/ppr/index.html] are inspired at least partly by the need to manage extension in robust and maintainable ways .
I look at the Emacs community as an inspiration .
Emacs , as many of you probably know , is essentially just a lisp machine .
Emacs Lisp , the language it is written in , is every bit as dynamic as Ruby .
Functions can be replaced at any time , by code in any package .
And because all Emacs Lisp code is intended to extend the Emacs editor , it is not uncommon for hundreds of different Emacs Lisp packages to be running in the same process , all coexisting and interacting .
And yet , for the most part this melting pot of extensions all function together smoothly and without breakage .
Why ?
I think the biggest reason is community conventions .
I ’ve read a lot of ELisp code , and I have very rarely seen the equivalent of Ruby - style monkey patching .
Even the @advice@ mechanism , an AOP ( Aspect Oriented Programming ) - like feature which enables functions to be dynamically wrapped and chained , somewhat like Rails ’ @alias_method_chain@ , is used sparingly .
Instead , every mature Emacs extension exposes a plethora of “ hooks ” , extension points that other packages can attach their own handlers to .
Other packages add their handlers to these hooks , and to hooks that the core Emacs code provides , and thus they cooperate largely without collisions .
Hooks are just one of the techniques available to us for robustly handling extension in a language as dynamic and powerful as Ruby .
Another is using the dependency injection style [ 1 ] to decouple classes from each other and allow third parties to substitute their own classes without monkey patching .
Another un - sexy but important practice is simply writing clear and comprehensive documentation of our classes ’
APIs and extension points .
But the most important thing we can do is set an example .
This is my call to action , my line in the sand : as experienced Ruby programmers , let us demonstrate solid , sustainable practices in our own code .
Let us use monkey patching sparingly , as a tool for exploration and experiment , and only in production code as a last resort .
Let ’s produce APIs that are amenable to extension without having to be patched .
And let us begin to develop some community - wide conventions and tools for writing extensible classes .
fn1. UPDATE
A commenter on ruby - talk felt that my use of “ Dependency Injection ” revealed an “ Enterprisey ” bias .
Let me be clear that when I say “ dependency injection style ” , I ’m not talking about using elaborate DI frameworks .
I ’m just talking about writing classes that allow their collaborators to be passed in , either via constructors or setters , rather than having hard - coded collaborators .
[ nulldb ]
http://avdi.org/projects/nulldb/ [ unitrecord]http://unit-test-ar.rubyforge.org/
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
May 20 , 2008
Attacked for simply asking questions
On the Alex Jones Show today , former Minnesota governor Jesse Ventura complained right out of the gate about the fact the corporate media consistently attempts to squelch any questioning of the government .
" I ca n’t believe how I simply asked some questions and the way you ’re attacked … for simply asking questions … has our country become that , that you ’re not even publicly allowed to question the government ? "
Alex responded by stating that the government and its corporate media lapdog — alternately an attack dog when celebrities such as Ventura dare step outside established parameters — are disturbed by the fact Alex ’s show is an increasingly popular venue for the likes of Charlie Sheen , Willie Nelson , Ventura , and a host of others unable to ask questions and get a fair hearing in the corporate media arena .
Ventura admitted that he did not want to " believe the worst " about 9/11 and wanted to accept the official fairy tale version , but after Bush and the neocons invaded Iraq , when the government claimed al - Qaeda was in Afghanistan , he sincerely began to ask questions and confront the lies perpetuated by the government and the corporate media .
Appearance on Hannity and Colmes
On April 2 , in an appearance of Alex ’s show , Ventura admitted that watching the documentary Loose Change , at the insistence of his son , changed his mind about the official fairy tale version of events .
" When I finally did watch it I went through every emotion you could imagine , from laughing , crying , getting sick to my stomach , to the whole emotional thing , " Jesse said .
" To me questions have n’t been answered and are not being answered about 9/11 , " including pertinent questions about Building 7 .
" Two planes struck two buildings …. but how is it that a third building fell 5 hours later ? " asked Ventura , " How could this building just implode into its own footprint 5 hours later — that ’s my first question — the 9/11 Commission did n’t even devote one page to that in their big volume of investigation . "
For his honesty and distrust of the government , Ventura was roundly criticized by the corporate media in the days following his appearance on the Jones ’ show , culminating in a visit with Hannity and Colmes on April 8 .
Initially an appearance to publicize his latest book , Do n’t Start the Revolution Without Me , Jesse wasted little questioning the preposterous official version , specifically the absurdity of kerosene fires bringing down the towers , after ill - advised prompting by Hannity .
As Alex noted , in this appearance on Hannity and Colmes Ventura had " trounced " Sean Hannity " from a position of strength " and " knowledge " after Hannity attempted to claim
Fox does not stage manage the news , using as an example the remarkably insignificant extended coverage of the drug overdose of Anna Nicole Smith while other , far more important news was systematically ignored .
Ventura ’s performance , Alex declared , has become a " textbook example " of how to deal with a media determined to gloss over and ignore important issues at the behest of government and entrenched corporate interests .
Government lies
" In looking back on my 56 years on the planet , " Jesse told Alex during his most recent appearance , " the government has lied to me a great deal and they do n’t have great credibility with me , so why would n’t I question them when they tell me something ? "
Alex agreed , stating that the government has been caught repeatedly telling lies , specifically in regard to Building 7 and numerous instances of fire fighters reporting explosions in the buildings .
Ventura mentioned his three years of service with the Navy Underwater Demolition Team 12 and his training and hands - on knowledge of explosives and demolition , specializing in " blowing things up , " and " from a professional standpoint and watching how these buildings fell , it sure looks like demolition to me and I believe I have an eye for it … especially Building Number 7 . "
William Rodriquez : A hero ’s hero
" One of the most interesting interviews I have seen now has been William Rodriquez , " Ventura said .
" When I watched a DVD of William Rodriquez , this guy is totally talking from what he what he remembers , you can clearly see it , he is not making anything up … he ’s a hero ’s hero , there ’s no doubt about … and when you hear him talk and he tells about what he knows , how can you not question what went on that day ? "
But even with the honesty of a man of Rodriquez ’s caliber , the public is unwilling to ask questions , Jesse admitted with bemusement .
" I think people have this hidden , almost screen around them in many ways that because they do n’t want to believe that it could be true , they just put that screen up and wo n’t allow anything to penetrate it to the effect that it might be true . "
Stand up to government
Regardless of a public either unconcerned with the lies of government or unable to ask important questions , Jesse stated that he believes it is his duty to stand up to the federal government because centralized and entrenched power will always attempt to violate not only the rights of the states but individuals , from medicinal marijuana to dignity in death .
In order to realize these rights and put an end to a predatory central government , we must " have a revolution and take our country back . "
Ventura told
Alex the reason he wrote his last book was specifically for this reason , as a " message and wake - up call , " to wake - up the country and tell citizens that the " two party system is corrupt " and " you have to change the system to change the government , " otherwise we may very well lose the republic .
" That ’s what Thomas Jefferson warned about , that ’s what John Adams warned about , that political parties would eventually strangle the republic because decisions would be made on behalf of the political parties . "
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Army and Marine Corps let 861 convicted felons join their ranks in 2007 , an 88 percent jump over the previous year that helped meet recruiting goals in wartime , according to data released on Monday .
U.S. soldiers patrol central Baghdad 's Fadhil neighbourhood April 16 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Erik de Castro
The Army , the largest branch of the U.S. military , gave felony waivers to 511 recruits last year , up from 249 in 2006 , according to the figures released by a congressional panel .
The Marine Corps granted 350 waivers , up from 208 the year before .
The waivers for convictions ranging from assault and burglary to manslaughter and sex crimes allowed the military to enlist people otherwise precluded by recruitment standards .
Nearly 250 recruits were granted waivers for their burglary convictions -- 142 from the Marine Corps and 106 from the Army .
Another 87 waivers were granted for recruits convicted of aggravated assault .
Both the Army and Marine Corps also granted waivers to recruits convicted of making terrorist threats , including bomb threats .
The Marine Corps granted five such waivers in 2007 while the Army granted two .
The Army gave waivers to eight people convicted of arson , 56 convicted of grand larceny and five convicted of sex crimes .
The Marines gave waivers to 11 people convicted of carrying a weapon on school grounds .
Army spokesman Paul Boyce defended waivers , saying the pool of recruits reflected society at large .
“ We are a reflection of American society and the changes that affect it : today ’s young men and women are more overweight , have a greater incidence of asthma and are being charged for offenses that in earlier years would n’t have been considered a serious offense , and might not have resulted in charges in the first place , ” he said in an e-mail .
The Army will not give waivers to recruits convicted of sexually violent offenses , drug trafficking or drug sales , Boyce said .
The Marine Corps was not immediately available to comment .
The data was released by the committee on oversight and government reform of the U.S. House of Representatives .
A set has no structure .
It ’s just a collection of things , all of them equally unimportant .
Figure 1 . A set .
Figure 2 .
Another set , the one - element set we ’ll call “ 1 . ”
A function , or map , “ goes between ” sets .
It has a source set ( also called the domain ) and a target set ( also called the range ) .
To each element of the source set , it assigns an element of the target set .
We ’ll use the usual shorthand for denoting functions , with the name of the function , a colon , the source set , an arrow , and the target set .
Underneath , we ’ll write a typical element of the source , an arrow with a small bar at the start , and the element of the target it goes to .
For example , consider the function mapping each integer to its double .
The integers are denoted by the symbol ( German Zahlen , “ numbers ” ) , so we have
Perhaps the simplest structure we can add to a set is to pick an element of it and make that element important .
A pointed set is
a set equipped with
equipped with a function , where 1 is the one - element set
The special element of is given by The name should bring to mind the word “ element , ” since there ’s a different choice for what this map should be for each element of For example , given the set , there are three possible choices for the function corresponding to the three different elements we could pick :
A monoid is a pointed set with a little more structure .
Way back in kindergarten , they taught us how to count .
We counted fingers and marbles and cookies .
We used base 1 , unary , tally marks :
Sometimes they had us add things that were n’t the same :
Note that when we add this way , the order matters :
While the number of symbols is the same , the result is not !
It takes a long time to teach kids to abstract the concept of a number that ’s independent of the order of the symbols in the result .
Since that ’s one of the earliest things we learn in math , it ’s particularly hard to forget , so when anyone says “ addition , ” we automatically assume it ’s commutative .
When we get to sticking things like matrices together , there are a couple of natural ways to do it ; the commutative way we call “ addition , ” and the noncommutative one we call “ multiplication . ”
The only thing a generic monoid knows how to do is stick things together like a kindergartener who has n’t abstracted the concept of a number yet .
Since ( in the general case ) that ’s noncommutative , we call it “ multiplication . ”
When we learned about multiplication in school , we had to memorize our “ times table . ”
The table had numbers across the top and numbers down the sides .
Given a row and a column of the table , we could look up the result of multiplying those two numbers .
A “ times table ” is a function the set cosists of ordered pairs of elements of a pointed set a row and a column .
The output of the function is the value in that cell of the table .
When we were memorizing the times table , the easiest row was multiplying by 1 .
You just got the same thing back !
So one of the elements of should behave like 1 .
And the function tells us which one we should pick !
So that ’s one constraint on the table : multiplying by should n’t do anything .
We call this “ obeying the left - and right - unit laws . ”
When we use real numbers , we write it like this :
so in our multiplication table , we have
The other constraint on the table is that if you ’re multiplying three things , it should n’t matter in what order you multiply the pairs .
We call this “ being associative . ”
For real numbers , it looks like this :
so in our multiplication table , we have
Now we ’re ready for the definition : a monoid consists of a pointed set where the special point is called the “ multiplicative identity , ” and a times table that ’s associative and obeys the left - and right - unit laws above .
Here are several more examples of monoids :
1 . The trivial monoid :
2 . The free monoid on one element ( tally marks under concatenation )
( blank )
( blank )
3 . The whole numbers under addition :
4 . The free monoid on two elements ( binary strings under concatenation ) :
( blank )
( blank ) where is the string followed by the string
5 . The reals under multiplication :
Note : the multiplicative group of real numbers excludes 0 , because a group has to have inverses .
A monoid does not have to have inverses , so we can include it here .
6 . Functions from a set to itself under composition
all functions of the form
all functions of the form the identity function
the identity function where is composition of functions :
So , for example , given the set we have
contains the four possible functions from back to itself :
00 ) The constant function mapping everything to zero : 01 ) The identity function : 10 ) The function that toggles the input : 11 ) The constant function mapping everything to one :
contains the four possible functions from back to itself : 00 ) The constant function mapping everything to zero : the identity function
the identity function
The identity function is the unit for composition :
Exercise : verify that composition is associative .
For me , the first " ooooh " moment when I got my first HDTV was watching SportsCenter ... and I do n't even watch sports .
Never before had I seen such a crisp , vibrant image in my life .
It did n't look real .
It looked more than real .
Advertisement
My second " ooooh " moment was exactly the opposite .
I was watching a movie on something like HDnet .
And I was worried for a moment — what were all those little spots on my television screen ?
I looked closer and realized that it was film grain .
And then I absolutely knew that my TV had been a good " investment . "
But not all people feel like I do .
And Hollywood is accommodating them for Blu-ray releases .
The Digital Bits reports that to accommodate for those with no taste who hate film grain , studios are doing one of two things to back - catalog Blu-ray rereleases :
1. Sharpening film to death through copious Digital Noise Reduction
2. Simply not releasing especially grainy movies at all
Advertisement
Film grain is not a problem to be eliminated .
While sometimes a production limitation altering decisions on film stock and lighting requirements , it 's long been seen as another tool in a cinematographer 's arsenal .
And , ironically enough , it 's important enough to the viewing experience that digital productions tend to add the stuff for theater release .
Part of what 's amazing about new display and codec technologies is that the consumer can come closer than ever to re-creating the theater experience at home .
When I saw film grain so clearly on my screen for the first time , I bought in to that truly incredible and empowering phenomenon , a sort of technological manifestation of divine marketing BS .
And I realized that , no matter what better - than - HD technologies were around the corner , we were quickly approaching the point of diminishing returns .
Our eyes would be bested by our displays .
There 'd be more information than we could see .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
But if we destroy a by - product so intrinsically ( and often artistically ) linked to the film medium , our enjoyment of film will become said case of diminishing returns .
So let 's just not do that .
[ The Digital Bits via Gadget Lab ]
AP - In a major campaign blunder , Senator Barack Obama stated today that the sky is blue .
" This proves his elitist insensitivity , " reported correspondent Karl Rove " There were clouds over many parts of America today , including states the Democrats need to win in November .
He completely ignored millions of Americans . "
" This shows Obama is out of touch , " added Fox News Inventor Bill O'Reilly .
" What are blind people supposed to think ?
Obama does n't care whether they can see the sky ?
What about coal miners who work from dawn to dusk ?
And people working the nightshift ?
All these demographics were attacked today , and Obama must apologize to them or pay the price . "
Some defended Obama 's remark .
" Many Americans see blue skies only on television , " noted one scientist .
" When you must work two or even three jobs to feed your family , you have n't much time to look up .
So it may be a surprise to many that , in fact , the sky can be blue at times . "
But the vast majority of pundits determined that this was a major error .
" If Obama keeps talking crazy like that , " explained White House News Plant Tony Snow , " What will he say next ?
That we need to leave Iraq ? "
A decision by a military judge on Friday to disqualify a top Pentagon official from any further role in a Guantánamo war crimes case was a major new challenge to the Bush administration ’s legal approach to the war on terrorism .
The ruling , in the case against Salim Hamdan , a detainee who was a driver for Osama bin Laden , transformed what had been something of a Pentagon soap opera over how to prosecute detainees into a formal ruling that gave new force to critics ’ accusations of improper political influence over this country ’s first use of military commissions since World War II .
At issue is the role of a Pentagon office called the “ convening authority , ” which oversees the military prosecutors and has extensive power over the defense lawyers and judges in the cases against Guantánamo detainees .
One role of that office is to be a neutral arbiter , deciding such matters as allocation of resources for both the defense and prosecution and which charges brought by prosecutors should go to trial .
But military defense lawyers and other critics have said officials running that office have overstepped the bounds of impartiality by pushing prosecutors to charge more detainees and to use evidence obtained under coercive interrogations .
In 1933 , Mohandas K. Gandhi wrote this about his strategy of nonviolent activism , which he called the law of love : “ The law will work just like the law of gravitation will work , whether we accept it or not . ”
I think he was right .
History , from ancient China and the early Christians all the way up to the dismantling of the Soviet Union and the end of apartheid in South Africa , shows that it does work .
You would think that after Gandhi ’s uprising in India , and after the civil rights movement in a violent and hateful American South , no one would ever again doubt that fact .
And yet , even today , the most common response to nonviolence , as though it has never been tried , is , “ Nice idea , but will it work ? ”
These days , in fact , a lot of people , including some biologists , have been leaning toward a scientific explanation for why violence refuses to go away .
Their argument is that human beings have a natural predilection for aggression , war and bloodshed , and that nonviolence , appealing as it may be , is completely contrary to our nature .
In biology , a field in which there is little agreement about anything , there is a growing opinion that “ group conflict ” has been a determining factor in the evolutionary development of numerous species , including us .
Biologists prefer the term “ group conflict ” -- one group fighting with another -- to “ warfare ” because some of the geopolitical calculations of warfare are beyond what they would call natural .
But still , there is a growing belief that we feel threatened instinctively and that it is in our nature to act aggressively toward other groups .
Advertisement
Edward O. Wilson , a leading Harvard biologist , goes even a little further , suggesting that human beings developed some of their most admirable traits -- such as courage and self - sacrifice and possibly even intelligence -- from warfare .
This idea ( first suggested by Charles Darwin in 1871 in “ The Descent of Man ” ) has never been widely accepted .
Wilson predicts that it will catch on .
“ I ’m sorry to say , ” Wilson told me in his Harvard office , “ that it would appear entirely possible that not only is group conflict -- and all that goes with it that can flare up into violence -- natural , but that we ’re hard - wired for it . ”
Wilson , an entomologist specializing in ants , rejects the view that the institutional self - slaughter we call warfare is unique to the human species .
“ Ants are the most violent creatures on Earth , ” Wilson said .
“ They ’re always at war .
If you want to see an ant war , take a colony , pick it up and move it next to another colony , and pretty soon you ’ll see a full - scale war .
I like to say if ants had nuclear weapons , the world would end in a week . ”
I ’m not sure he ’s right about man ’s natural proclivity to violence .
Nor does the U.S. military seem certain that human beings have the instincts for war exhibited by ants .
Through many decades and many wars , the U.S. military has been honing its training skills , learning to take a civilized human being and turn him into a killing machine .
Advertisement
A traditional way of doing this was to motivate the soldier to hate the enemy and want to kill him .
But after World War II , this approach was shaken by the Army ’s official World War II historian , Samuel Marshall , who in 1947 upset the entire military establishment with a slim book called “ Men Against Fire : The Problem of Battle Command in Future War . ”
In this book , he claimed that in World War II , at best one in four combat soldiers ever fired their weapon at the enemy , and in most combat units only about 15 % of the available firepower was ever used .
Recently , I was discussing the Marshall book with two World War II veteran friends .
The one who had not been in combat found the report hard to believe , but the other , who had served in the infantry in Europe , said , “ I had a machine gun .
I never fired the thing . ”
“ Why not ? ” the other asked .
“ If you fired it , they ’d shoot back at you . ”
Advertisement
Many in the military challenged Marshall ’s findings .
But military training became focused on how to improve what Marshall had called the “ ratio of fire . ”
Starting with the Vietnam War , the ratio of fire has greatly increased through training techniques that involve simulated combat -- so that the soldier acts without thinking .
Soldiers today often will commit acts that they regret and will be uncertain about why they did them .
In a documentary I saw recently , a confused American soldier in Iraq said he was not sure why he had intentionally run over a woman and killed her ; his only explanation was that he had been taught in training to respond that way to that situation .
This , not surprisingly , creates psychological problems .
Jonathan Shay , a Boston psychiatrist specializing in the trauma of Vietnam veterans , is not at all convinced of the naturalness of war .
He believes that what is wrong with the combat veterans he sees is their sense that they have gone against their nature .
Shay says he finds “ violent rage and social withdrawal when deep assumptions of ‘ what ’s right ’ are violated . ”
Of course , what is right and what is natural are not the same thing .
It is certainly possible that a soldier who kills could be doing what came naturally even if it violated a deeply ingrained -- culturally ingrained -- sense of what ’s “ right . ”
I ’m not sure how to answer definitively the question of whether violence comes naturally to humans .
But , in any event , the problem is not those who think that warfare is natural but those who argue that because it is , it is pointless to think that it can be stopped .
Wilson , despite his belief that war is natural , also believes that it is wrong .
In fact , he is a long - standing pacifist .
Advertisement
To him , understanding that war is natural is a key to stopping it .
“ Instead of treating it as pathology , we should treat it as a normal human response but one that has become extremely dangerous , ” he said .
“ When you were just having a few groups of males going out and spearing one another , for a few million years or so it was not quite the catastrophic behavior that it has now become . ”
On the subject of war , many seem guilty of what Wilson calls “ the naturalist fallacy ” -- the belief that because something is in our nature , it is therefore what we ought to be doing .
It is not natural to eat with a fork or wear clothes .
Yet that seems to have broad acceptance .
All of civilization is the struggle to rise above our base natural instincts -- even what we are hard - wired to do .
We can make ourselves better .
If someone slaps you on the cheek , I think it is unnatural to turn the other cheek .
The natural thing would be to punch him very hard in the mouth .
But is that always the better or even the more effective thing to do ?
No wonder Republicans do n’t like Buffet .
He makes a ton of money , supports Democrats and calls out the destructive policies of the Republican party .
Unfortunately there are not enough people like him around that will speak in such a blunt manner but since when has honesty and ethics been a strong point in executive boardrooms ?
He compared money managers who promise double - digit returns to the queen in “ Alice in Wonderland , ” who proclaimed , “ Why , sometimes I ’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast . ”
Mr. Buffett added , “ Beware the glib helper who fills your head with fantasies while he fills his pockets with fees . ”
And a few choice words for the superstar CEOs who rake in millions upon millions .
Stanley O’Neil of Merrill Lynch and Chuck Prince of Citigroup jump out to me .
Both skated into retirement with tens of millions all based on shoddy business that has been wiped off the books .
This past June , on the way to a campaign event in Boone , Iowa , I asked Obama again about Clinton ’s legacy .
“ I think his basic instincts were sound in suggesting that we ’ve got to break out of a lot of these false divisions that exist in our politics , ” he said .
“ Is government the problem ?
Is crime just a function of individual immorality , or is it institutional racism or poverty ? ”
But he was also critical of the direction that his party had taken since the nineties , saying that a lot of Democrats had concluded that “ the message of Bill Clinton and his electoral success is that we should split the difference with the other side on every issue . ”
Choosing his words carefully , Obama went on , “ I do think that for a variety of reasons , including some of the appalling tactics of the Gingrich Republicans and the conservative right , he was never able to make that full case to the American people in a way that would create a broad base of consensus for change .
So , politically , you never had the capital , you never had the tools to actually deliver on that vision on big projects .
What you would end up getting instead were great insights , but the applications were modest . ”
Obama may be right to believe that , in the wake of Bush ’s sharp drop in popularity and the new Democratic majorities in the House and Senate , a Democrat of bold ideas who presents himself as the anti-Clinton could be successful .
The Party ’s interest groups certainly feel emboldened .
There is little appetite for unrestricted free trade , a cornerstone of Clinton ’s economic strategy , starting with his support for the North American Free Trade Agreement during the 1992 campaign .
The Service Employees International Union , one of the most liberal unions in America , has successfully pushed every Democrat in the race into supporting universal health care .
And , with an economy that is producing historic levels of inequality and stagnant median wages , there is an opening for a more populist message .
There is some evidence that such a message worked in 2006 .
Senators Jon Tester , of Montana , and Jim Webb , of Virginia , arguably won last year by challenging the Wall Street wing of their party .
But it ’s not clear that Obama is the right candidate for that message .
He has made a fetish of the politics of consensus at a moment when his party seems to want confrontation .
And although he has correctly diagnosed what alienated some Democrats from Clintonism , he seems at times more concerned with distancing himself from liberals than with embracing them .
An outside adviser to Obama sounded exasperated as he described the complicated ideological terrain of the Democratic Party in 2007 : “ The frustration is that there is a revival of old - fashioned populism out there .
Edwards is embracing it , and Clinton is embracing it , too .
If Obama gets up and says something extremely populist on , say , trade , to appeal to the left - wing base of the Party or to the unions , wide groups of voters and insiders say , ‘ Oh , is he really a liberal candidate ?
We ’re no longer going to view him as a uniter who brings people together .
We ’re going view him as a left - wing panderer . ’ ”
The issue of health care has been particularly vexing .
It has not proved to be the liability for Clinton that her opponents assumed it would .
“ At the S.E.I.U. health - care forum in Las Vegas , it does n’t go that well for Barack , ” the Obama adviser explained , referring to one of the numerous candidate cattle calls this season .
“ He tried to leave it at the highest level of principle , and then he ’s roundly panned .
S.E.I.U. says , ‘ You ’re a joker . ’
They asked , ‘ What is your plan ? ’
He did what all the experts said to do : just get up and say what your general view is , because if you release details you get hammered .
The public reaction and the S.E.I.U. reaction was extremely negative . ”
In describing this dynamic , Obama ’s adviser became more and more agitated .
“ Then Hillary Clinton does n’t come out with any plan !
Because she just says , ‘ I know a lot about health care , ’ they have let her go for months without a plan !
And then her advisers , on background , criticize Obama ’s plan , even though they do n’t have one . ”
He continued , “ Coming up with a plan to solve America ’s health - care crisis is not an easy thing .
We pulled a lot of all - nighters .
And I ’m , like , Why does n’t she have to come out with a plan ? ” ( Clinton is scheduled to unveil a plan soon . )
The adviser was baffled about why many experts in the health - care field believe that Hillary ’s experience in 1993 and 1994 is an asset .
“ I ’m sure George Bush learned how not to invade Iraq , ” he said .
“ Should we then trust him to invade Iran ? ”
It is true that Hillary Clinton ’s unhappy experience with health care has been remade into a political selling point .
During her first two years as First Lady , her five - hundred - person Task Force on National Health Care Reform , which worked in secret , came to symbolize everything that was wrong with her approach — arrogance , a lack of consultation with Congress , a final product that pleased no one .
Its failure set back the cause of universal health care and probably cost the Democrats control of Congress in 1994 .
Now she uses what happened as a parable about hubris and lessons learned — a reminder that , more than any other candidate , she understands the limits of the American political system ’s capacity for sweeping change .
“ We came in and , largely propelled by a lot of the stories from back - yard meetings and living - room gatherings in New Hampshire , determined to do something about health care , ” she told a gathering of voters in Concord .
“ But we did n’t have a good enough grasp of how to get it done .
And if we had known then what we know now it would have been a lot different . ”
Much of Clinton ’s case for doing better this time rests upon the graduate degree in legislative politics that she feels she has earned since her election to the Senate , in 2000 .
Gone is the style that she brought to Washington in 1993 , when she became the first First Lady to have an office in the West Wing — and faced ferocious criticism when she tried to use it .
Now she talked about being “ flexible ” in working with the House and the Senate and about respecting the “ prerogatives that the Congress wants to claim , ” and she scoffed at what she sees as the naïveté of her Democratic rivals .
“ When my colleagues who are running against me , who are all wonderful people , say things like ‘ We ’re going to make it happen ! ’— well , we ’ve got to get the vote , and we ’ve got to be able to make the persuasion .
And that very often means you ’ve got to compromise , which is not a word that people in a Democratic primary want to hear , because we all want to think that we can go in and do exactly what we believe in and make it happen .
The fact is you can’t .
And I think we learned that as well .
When Bill passed the deficit - reduction act , it was with one vote .
And I ’m glad he passed it with one vote , but it sort of set up a lot of the political problems to come . ”
Karl Rove recently attacked Clinton as a “ fatally flawed ” candidate , arguing that nobody who started the primary season with disapproval ratings as high as hers ( they are in the high forties ) has ever won the Presidency .
She claims , however , that her faults , because they are well known , are actually a strength , and that nominating a candidate who is relatively unknown to the public would be a dangerous course .
“ The tactic used , effectively , will be to drive up the negatives of whoever our nominee is , ” she said at the close of her talk in Concord .
“ And it will all be fresh information .
It will all be ‘ Oh , you did n’t know ?
Let us tell you .
Let us paint a caricature .
Let us give you this picture . ’
Whereas I have the somewhat mixed but rather fortunate blessing of already starting with those negatives .
And I mean for me that ’s a plus . ”
Clinton ’s argument is that she offers electability , plus everything that voters loved about the Clinton era and none of the things that they hated .
As she finished up , she said , “ I ’m running because I think I can win and I can take the White House back for us , and , frankly , build on the positives of the nineties and avoid some of the mistakes . ”
Welcome to WALS Online
The World Atlas of Language Structures ( WALS ) is a large database of structural ( phonological , grammatical , lexical ) properties of languages gathered from descriptive materials ( such as reference grammars ) by a team of 55 authors .
The first version of WALS was published as a book with CD - ROM in 2005 by Oxford University Press .
The first online version was published in April 2008 .
The 2013 edition of WALS corrects a number of coding errors especially in Chapters 1 and 3 .
A full list of changes is available here .
Starting with the 2013 edition of WALS , we will release and publish sets of corrections periodically .
Thus , any citation of WALS Online 2013 should include the particular version , as listed on Zenodo .
WALS Online is a publication of the Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History .
It is a separate publication , edited by Dryer , Matthew S. & Haspelmath , Martin ( Jena : Max Planck Institute for the Science of Human History , 2013 ) .
The main programmer is Robert Forkel .
How to use WALS Online
Using WALS
Online requires a browser with Javascript enabled .
You find the features or chapters of WALS through the items " Features " and " Chapters " in the navigation bar .
You can also browse and search for languages through the item " Languages " on the navigation bar .
You can search for references through the item " References " , and once you have navigated to a particular feature , you see a second navigation bar with citation information and various export options .
A description of changes from previous editions is available through the item " Changes " .
How to cite WALS Online
It is important to cite the specific chapter that you are taking your information from , not just the general work " The World Atlas of Language Structures Online " ( Dryer , Matthew S. & Haspelmath , Martin 2013 ) , unless you are citing data from more than 25 chapters simultaneously .
We recommend that you cite
the general work as cite Dryer , Matthew S. & Haspelmath , Martin ( eds. ) 2013 .
The World Atlas of Language Structures Online .
Leipzig : Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology .
( Available online at http://wals.info, Accessed on 2020 - 09 - 30 . )
and WALS Online chapters as in the following example Ian Maddieson .
2013 .
Consonant Inventories .
In : Dryer , Matthew S. & Haspelmath , Martin ( eds . )
The World Atlas of Language Structures Online .
Leipzig : Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology .
( Available online at http://wals.info/chapter/1, Accessed on 2020 - 09 -30 . )
Interactive Reference Tool ( WALS program )
The World Atlas of Language Structures was published as a book with a CD - ROM in summer 2005 .
The CD - ROM contains the " Interactive Reference Tool ( WALS program ) " as a standalone application for Mac OSX , Mac OS9.2 and Windows 2000 , XP written by Hans - Jörg Bibiko .
To download the " Interactive Reference Tool ( WALS program ) " please follow the link https://www.eva.mpg.de/lingua/research/tool.php.
Terms of use
The content of this web site is published under a Creative Commons Licence .
We invite the community of users to think about further applications for the available data and look forward to your comments , feedback and questions .
The State Misleads , Some Counties Change Their Mind , as Sequoia Officials Remain Willing to Say or Do Anything Necessary to Deceive the Public in Hopes of Saving Their Company ...
Brad Friedman Byon
4/15/2008 , 12:02 pm PT
-- By Brad Friedman and John Gideon
New Jersey 's Department of State , which at the beginning of this month took over all state - wide election duties from the state Attorney General 's office , may be celebrating its new duties by sipping down a few glasses of Sequoia Voting Systems - flavored kool - aid in regards to the continuing saga of the Sequoia AVC Advantage touch - screen voting systems which failed during , and after , the state 's Super Tuesday primary .
In a press release issued late last week --- which Sequoia was all too happy to selectively feature on its website --- the NJ Dept. of State made a couple of curious , and indeed misleading , announcements .
Among them :
We want to stress there is no Court Order requiring any county to release voting machines to the plaintiffs in the Gusciora case .
That , despite the finding of a NJ judge last Tuesday declaring that failed voting machines in some six different counties were to be subpoenaed by plaintiffs and subjected to mandatory independent review in order to determine the reason why at least sixty machines reported voter totals on their end - of - day paper tapes which disagreed with the internal numbers reported by the machines .
After the judge 's order last week , Sequoia quickly moved to try and quash the subpeonas [ PDF , 82 pages ] , despite the fact that they are not actually a party to the long - running court battle between the state of NJ and citizen plaintiffs suing them in hopes of getting rid of the touch - screen systems altogether ( or , in lieu of that , have paper - trail printers added to them ) .
As Pennsylvania prepares to use the very same flawed Sequoia AVC Advantage voting machines in next week 's crucial primary , we 've tried to sort out what is --- and is n't --- going on in this New Jersey mess .
We 've also tried to determine who is reading the disputed paper tapes correctly , since a Princeton scientist seems to read them one way , while the SoS office and two of the NJ counties ( which had originally read them as the Princeton Prof did ) have suddenly decided to read them another way .
What we can tell you indisputably , however , is that if it 's debatable as to what those paper tapes actually say , then those voting systems are in violation of the federal law which mandates " a permanent paper record with a manual audit capacity " that " shall be available as an official record . "
If there 's a question about what the " paper record " from each machine actually says , than it certainly can't be used as an " official record " for auditing purposes .
To sort out the mess , we 've touched base with the plaintiff 's attorney in the case , as well as with the NJ SoS.
Sequoia 's spokesperson , VP and part - owner ( for the moment ) Michelle Shafer , on the other hand , does n't seem to want to talk to us anymore for some reason ...
Shafer recently stopped responding to several related queries after a BRAD BLOG exposé revealed some embarrassing details about her company 's announced plans to commission their own " third - party " " independent review " of NJ 's machines , by a firm named " Kwaidan Consulting . "
As we discovered after their announcement , Kwaidan was little more than a guy named Mike Gibbons of Sugarland , TX , who had a somewhat embarrassing personal history ( hint : the history involves both " well endowed blonde nymphomaniacs " and " Jesus Christ " ) .
In the wake of our report , exposing babe - magnet Mike and his attempts to cover his tracks , we subsequently learned that Gibbons was , in actuality , already a Sequoia contractor collecting a regular and rather hefty payday from Sequoia .
He was also discovered to be a long - time friend and one - time employer of Sequoia VP and part owner Edwin Smith .
The same Edwin Smith who had , days earlier , sent an email to a couple of Princeton computer science professors threatening them with legal actions should they perform a real independent review of the state 's voting machines as requested , unanimously , by an association of county election officials in NJ .
The BRAD BLOG has since learned that , following our report , Gibbons was quietly removed from the project .
Ordered but Unsigned ...
Without Shafer to help , we were able to get some clarity after a call to the NJ Dept. of State to ask about the disparity between newspaper reports such as last week 's Star - Ledger and a very thorough report in Monday 's Daily Princetonian ( which picks up on on our amusing coverage of Gibbons , by the way ) that the machines had been subpoenaed , and their press release indicating they had n't .
How could they make the claim that " there is no Court Order requiring any county to release voting machines to the plaintiffs " in light of the fact that Sequoia Voting Systems themselves had already filed an effort to quash the subpoenas ?
After checking with superiors , spokesperson Shawn Crisafulli wrote back to explain it was all a matter of wording :
Newspaper reports implied that the judge herself ruled that the machines must be turned over .
She has made no such ruling .
No such court order has been signed .
Any one can serve a subpoena , which can be challenged by way of a motion to quash .
Here , the Sequoia Voting machine company has filed a motion to quash and the court will have to rule on the motion .
The SoS would appear to be splitting hairs here , with what would appear to be a carefully parsed followup to their original , unqualified --- and somewhat misleading --- direct statement declaring " there is no Court Order requiring any county to release voting machines to the plaintiffs . "
Superior Court Judge Linda Feinberg has , contrary to the statement above , ruled that machines are to be turned over to the plaintiffs .
Subpoenas have , as reported in the media , been issued by the plaintiffs .
But the SoS is correct , that the court 's ruling has yet to be signed , as the quash motion remains to be decided .
For further explanation of the murky mess , we contacted the plaintiffs ' attorney in the long - running NJ case where last week , Feinberg reportedly ordered the independent review of the Sequoia touch - screen systems .
In response to our query , Penny Venetis , Clinical Professor of Law , Clinical Scholar , and Associate Director of the Constitutional Litigation Clinic at Rutgers University , emailed us the following explanation on the current legal status of the Sequoia Voting Machine inspection :
The Court ordered that the Plaintiffs should be given access to the State 's voting machines , particularly those that malfunctioned on Super Tuesday .
The Judge has not signed a formal order yet .
She will probably do so in the immediate future .
So , technically , it is correct that there is no court order giving us the machines .
But , that is because the judge has not yet signed the order !
The State said that the counties have the voting machines .
In court , the State also said that it was not aware of any confidentiality agreements that prevented the machines from being turned over .
To get the machines , we sent subpoenas to the counties , because the counties are not part of the lawsuit .
This was just a formality , given the judge 's order that we can have the machines .
Instead of moving to quash the subpoenas , the counties did 2 things : 1 ) say that the machines were under the AG 's control , so they wo n't turn them over to us .
If this is the case , then we automatically get the machines through discovery !
2 ) Bergen County tipped off Sequoia and sent Sequoia a copy of the subpoena .
Sequoia moved to quash .
We are responding to the motion .
The Tale of the ( Unreadable ) Tape ...
Also in question in the NJ Dept. of State press release are statements that they support the findings of Bergen and Gloucester Counties with regards to still more errors reported by Felten on the paper tapes he was provided by those two counties and others as a result of FOIA requests .
In addition to the original mismatch of voter totals found in six counties , Felten reported on his blog the new tapes " show more serious discrepancies than we saw before . "
Including scans of the tapes in his blog item , Felten showed several instances where there were more votes than voters reported .
But NJ disputed Felten 's findings in their press release , claiming :
... we have worked with the two counties involved to verify that the number of votes cast are in fact equal to the number of voters who voted on those machines .
It was noted in the blog that one machine from Gloucester County recorded three votes for Ron Paul .
However , county records only show two votes , which is consistent with the overall vote count .
In the case of the Bergen County machine , which was alleged to have registered 49 votes for Hillary Clinton , in fact there were 48 votes recorded .
Unfortunately , it looks as though Professor Felten rushed to judgment and released a statement that is inaccurate .
A misreading of the tape appears to be the source of Mr. Felten 's error .
In other words , NJ is claiming that the audit printer tape failed to print the full character " 8 " on the tape , thus leading to Professor Felton 's " misreading " the number as a " 9 . "
Here 's a close - up of the tape posted on Felten 's blog .
Compare the " 9 " in Clinton 's vote total with the 9s and 8s on the right side of the tape ( click it to enlarge ) :
The tapes were sent to Felten by the two counties after he 'd requested those which showed discrepancies .
As he now writes in response to the state announcement , and the apparently new position of the counties involved , alleging that the tapes do n't show descrepencies after all : " In short , the Secretary of State talked to the counties , and then the counties changed their minds about how to read the tapes . "
Last week , based in part on the many reported failures of the NJ Sequoia Advantage touch - screen machines , VotersUnite.org 's Ellen Theisen guest blogged on vote counting error rates far in violation of what is allowed by HAVA .
If Felten and the counties ( and likely many of you who also ) originally " misread " the above as " 49 " instead of " 48 , " it would underscore yet another way in which the Sequoia AVC Advantage machine appears to be in violation of the Help America Vote Act ( HAVA ) , regardless of whether the digit is , in fact , an 8 or a 9 .
Yesterday , Theisen pointed this out , sending us the following section 301 ( a ) ( 2 ) of HAVA [ emphasis added ] :
( a) Requirements .
-- Each voting system used in an election for Federal office shall meet the following requirements : ···( 2 ) Audit capacity .
······( A ) In general .-- The voting system shall produce a record with an audit capacity for such system .
······( B ) Manual audit capacity .-- ·········( i )
The voting system shall produce a permanent paper record with a manual audit capacity for such system .
·········( ii )
The voting system shall provide the voter with an opportunity to change the ballot or correct any error before the permanent paper record is produced .
········· ( iii )
The paper record produced under subparagraph ( A ) shall be available as an official record for any recount conducted with respect to any election in which the system is used .
" If the printing is unreadable , or even disputable , " Theisen wrote us yesterday , " how can the paper provide ' a manual audit capacity ' ?
How can it serve as an ' official record ' ?
It appears that , based on other ( non-official ? ) records , NJ officials have now decided the ' official record ' produced different totals than they thought when they first read it . "
Did we mention these systems are to be used in two PA counties next week ?
Is your head exploding yet ?
Ours did long ago .
And who will bother to enforce the above - described HAVA violation ?
Well , that would be the DoJ or the U.S. Election Assistance Commission ( EAC ) , of course .
Feel free to begin holding your breath now .
In the meantime , NJ has $ 20 million in the pipeline to purchase new add - on " voter - verifiable paper audit trail " printers from Sequoia , wherein every voter can enjoy such confusion for themselves .
That is , if the EAC ever federally certifies those printers for use .
That , instead of throwing out these crappy machines entirely .
For the record , Sequoia 's Shafer is quoted in the Princetonian , shamelessly and opportunistically echoing the NJ statement to take a bitter shot at Felten , claiming he is " exactly the type of reviewer that Sequoia wishes to avoid one that already has pre-determined the outcome of his investigation before it truly begins . "
No doubt , she 'd have preferred Sequoia 's chosen --- then disgraced and dismissed --- reviewer , the Jim Beam - swigging Mike Gibbons .
By the time you read this article , however , there may not even exist a Sequoia Voting Systems any more , and Shafer may soon be out of a job entirely .
Today is " Match Day " for the much - beleaguered company , when they must come up with $ 2 million in order to keep themselves from being subsumed in a hostile takeover by their much smaller competitor , Hart InterCivic , as The BRAD BLOG reported exclusively last week .
Is all of this any way to run a representative democracy ?
slashed in now available starting at just $ 5 !
Prices nowin The BRAD BLOG 's Fund Drive !
Please support our continuing coverage of your election system , as found nowhere else .
Click here for a number of cool new collector 's edition Premium products
Neanderthals Wore Make - up and Liked to Chat
Could Neanderthals speak ?
The answer may depend on whether they used make - up .
Francesco d'Errico , an archaeologist from the University of Bordeaux , France , has found crafted lumps of pigment – essentially crayons – left behind by Neanderthals across Europe .
He says that Neanderthals , who most likely had pale skin , used these dark pigments to mark their own as well as animal skins .
And , since body art is a form of communication , this implies that the Neanderthals could speak , d'Errico says .
Working with Marie Soressi of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , d'Errico has recovered hundreds of blocks of black manganese pigment from two neighbouring sites at Pech de l'Azé in France , which were occupied by Neanderthals .
These add to evidence of pigment among Neanderthal from some 39 other sites .
The pigments were not just smeared onto the body like camouflage , d'Errico says , but fashioned into drawing tools .
" The flat , elongated surfaces on the archaeological specimens are consistent , as confirmed experimentally , with producing clearly visible straight black lines , perhaps arranged to produce abstract designs , " says d'Errico , who presented his work on 15 March at the Seventh Evolution of Language Conference in Barcelona , Spain .
Essential words
Body painting , argues d'Errico , is a " material proxy " for symbolic communication .
What 's more , he says , the techniques for making the symbols , and the meaning they carry , would have to be transmitted through language .
And body painting is n't the only proxy associated with Neanderthal remains .
Neanderthals adorned their bodies with ornamentation , such as necklaces made from shell beads .
The sorts of beads used by modern humans , and the ornaments they fashioned from them , vary geographically .
This is often interpreted as a sign of ethnic and cultural diversity among humans , and a means of symbolically binding groups and differentiating them from others .
D'Errico suggests that the same holds true for Neanderthals .
Other researchers agree , and point to a double standard of some researchers in interpreting the archaeological record , including evidence of burials , care of the infirm and social cooperation .
' Inferior ability '
" Some archaeologists are happy to associate these same features with language if they occur with modern humans , but are not willing to associate them with language among the Neanderthals , " says anthropologist Erik Trinkaus of Washington University in St Louis , US .
" The double standard does n't work - if they reflect language in one , they must reflect in it both . "
However , even if Neanderthals had language capabilities , that does not mean they spoke in the same way as humans .
" The archaeological record does not show that they ever attained the cultural level of the humans who could talk as we do , " says Phillip Lieberman , a linguist at Brown University , Rhode Island , US .
" Neanderthals possessed language , but their linguistic and cognitive ability was inferior to the humans who replaced them , " he says .
CHAMPAIGN , Ill . 
Superconductivity , the flow of electricity without resistance , was once as confounding to physicists as it is to everyone else .
For almost 50 years , the heavyweights of physics brooded over the puzzle .
Then , 50 years ago last month , the answer appeared in the journal Physical Review .
It was titled , simply , “ Theory of Superconductivity . ”
“ It ’s certainly one of the greatest achievements in physics in the second half of the 20th century , ” said Malcolm R. Beasley , a professor of applied physics at Stanford .
Superconductivity was discovered in 1911 by a Dutch physicist , Heike Kamerlingh Onnes .
He observed that when mercury was cooled to below minus - 452 degrees Fahrenheit , about 7 degrees above absolute zero , electrical resistance suddenly disappeared , and mercury was a superconductor .
The plan was criticized in separate filings by three of the industry ’s most influential trade groups  the American Bankers Association , the Mortgage Bankers Association and the Independent Community Bankers of America .
More modest concerns about some of the provisions were also raised by the National Association of Home Builders and the National Association of Realtors .
Regulators have been meeting about the proposals with bankers , brokers and consumer groups in recent weeks and are continuing to do so .
Some of the groups seeking changes maintain that the proposals threaten to make borrowing for a home far more expensive and would unfairly deny mortgage brokers the right to earn certain fees .
Small community banks , which have played no significant role in the housing crisis , have urged the Fed to limit the scope of the proposed rules so that they do not discourage them from issuing loans .
Lending groups have also raised concern that they would lead to frivolous and expensive litigation .
“ We support many of the provisions in the proposed rule , but we do have concerns about the increased regulatory burden , liability and reputational risks that lenders might face , ” said Kieran P. Quinn , chairman of Column Financial , Credit Suisse ’s mortgage lending subsidiary in Atlanta , and the chairman of the Mortgage Bankers Association .
On at least one major aspect of the proposed restrictions  how broadly they should apply  the industry appears to be making headway .
In a recent speech , Mr. Kroszner suggested that in response to criticism that the plan was including too many kinds of loans the Fed was considering whether to narrow the plan .
Image Randall Kroszner , a Federal Reserve governor , suggested new mortgage rules after the housing crisis began last summer .
Credit ... Dennis Brack / Bloomberg News
“ We have heard from commenters who have expressed concern that in the current market environment , the proposed trigger could cover the market too broadly , and we will carefully consider the issues they raise and other possible approaches to achieve our objective , ” Mr. Kroszner said last month at a conference of the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals .
# 330261 +( 19289 ) - [ X ] < i8b4uUnderground >
d-_-b
< BonyNoMore > how u make that inverted b?
< BonyNoMore > wait
< BonyNoMore > never mind
By Josiah Ryan , CNSNews.com [ CNSNews has since removed the article ] —
At a gathering of liberal activists in Washington on Tuesday , Rep. John Conyers ( D - Mich . ) was asked if he would commit to holding the Bush administration accountable once a Democrat is in the White House and illegal acts have been pinned on President Bush .
“ Yes , you have my word on that , ” Conyers replied .
He then shook the questioner ’s hand as a sign of his commitment .
Conyers , who chairs the House Judiciary Committee , told an audience at the liberal Take Back America Conference that he is wrestling with the idea of beginning impeachment proceedings against President Bush and Vice President Cheney , but he believes that such an effort might hamper Sen.
Barack Obama ’s chance of winning the presidency .
However , Conyers guaranteed his liberal audience that he will pursue legal action against Bush after the November elections .
“ There are those who said , if you elect Democrats to Congress , we will guarantee you two things : Rep. Charlie Rangel ( D - N.Y ) will become chairman of the Ways and Means Committee and he will raises taxes ; and Conyers will become chairman of the Judiciary and he will impeach President George W. Bush , ” Conyers said .
“ You want to make them half right ? ”
The audience replied with thirty seconds of hearty applause .
Conyers was speaking at a panel discussion entitled “ The Republic Against the Rogue Presidency . ”
“ Dear friends , this [ impeachment ] is a decision I am struggling with , and I want to share it here .
Do I want to jeopardize the election by taking up this issue ? ” Conyers asked .
“ The problem is , this could become the issue of the 2008 election .
This brilliant , talented Senator ( Obama ) , who has more delegates and more votes than anybody else , could get derailed . ”
When Cybercast News Service asked Conyers to clarify the statement , he said , “ I am afraid they would raise it in the campaign , and that they will use it against us , and that we would end up getting McCain .
I would regret that for the rest of my life , ” he said .
“ That ’s the only reason .
That would be my fear . ”
But Conyers told Cybercast News Service this does not mean the Bush administration will not be held accountable .
“ We can win this election and go get these guys afterwards .
But we just do n’t want to jeopardize November 4th , ” he said .
Different panelists offered perspectives on why they think President Bush deserves to be brought before a court .
David Cole , a law professor at Yale University and a legal correspondent for The Nation magazine , said Bush ’s refusal to yield to the constitutional system of checks and balances is one of his biggest crimes .
President Bush has decided he has “ unilateral , uncheckable power with respect to the enemy , ” Cole said .
“ The only checks and balances this president believes in is check and balances within the White House , ” he added .
Conyers has his own list of complaints against the Bush administration .
“ You get cocky , you get arrogant and you think you can do anything .
And frequently you will try to do anything , ” he said .
Conyers told the crowd there is one scenario that could trigger immediate impeachment proceedings against the president : “ If Bush goes into Iran he should be impeached , ” Conyers said , noting that “ many members of Congress ” have signed their names to a letter warning Bush not to invade Iran .
The fifth annual Take Back America Conference includes forums that allow liberals to discuss important issues , including how to recover from the “ ashes of this conservative era , ” as the Web site put it .
Conyers is one of the Bush administration ’s chief antagonists in Congress , opposing the president on almost every issue , including the Iraq war , health care , terrorist surveillance , and other issues .
Just last week , his Judiciary Committee took the rare step of filing a civil lawsuit against former White House aides Joshua Bolten and Harriet Miers for failing to obey a committee subpoena .
Conyers wants to force the two to testify about the firings of nine federal prosecutors in 2006 .
The House cited Bolten and Miers for contempt of Congress last month .
Mélissa Theuriau is an anchor for the French channelwhich is a 24 hour news channel .
As you can see below she is just absolutely stunning !
I 'm not sure if she has a fashion coordinator or if she picks her own clothes , but she always seems to show up in something new and inviting daily .
Not only do her clothes change , but so does her hair , with a new style .
While I have a preference for Asian women , Mélissa is probably one of the most beautiful women I 've ever seen .
Now if there was just some way to get her on American channels so I could ogle her day and night .
See all the women I like in the Women I Like Archive .
