It 's time for a change from the failed policies of Senator Incumbent .
He voted 24 times in favor of drug laws that increase the profits for black - market criminals -- from the gangs that roam the streets of our town to the drug cartels causing death and destruction in Mexico .
Senator Incumbent is actually opposed to setting age limits for drugs like marijuana -- even cocaine or heroin !
He actually prefers that criminals decide at what age kids can buy drugs .
Senator Incumbent refuses to even discuss policy options that have been proven to reduce violence .
What is he afraid of ?
Does he have a reason to keep drug profits high ?
It 's time for a change .
Vote Challenger for Senate .
For smart drug regulation that reduces violence -- protecting children , families , and our community .
[ DrugWarRant ]
Check out this sweet attack ad Pete Guither came up with :
If we have n't already reached a point where this kind of thing could work , I think we 'll be there soon .
I 've pitched some of my better - funded colleagues in drug policy reform on exactly this type of concept and it's something I think we 'll be seeing before long .
The key is to drop a drug reform attack ad in the right race at the right time .
We 'd probably stick to an issue like medical marijuana , where the polling is so strongly in favor of reform .
Even if the ad does n’t do the trick by itself , it becomes part of the narrative of how a seemingly invincible incumbent got slaughtered .
Visibly injuring a big name politician for opposing reform would be game - changing .
The four defendants in the Swedish trial of The Pirate Bay have been found guilty and sentenced to a year in prison and $ 3.6 m fine .
I do n't know much about Swedish copyright law — and the defense rested on the technical boundaries what constitutes an infringement — so I have no idea if this is the kind of judgment that is likely to survive the inevitable appeal .
A more interesting question is whether The Pirate Bay will disappear now .
After the illegal seizure of its servers in 2006 , The Pirate Bay supposedly adopted a distributed architecture with failover servers in other jurisdictions that were unlikely to cooperate with EU orders .
If The Pirate Bay shuts down , it 's certain that something else will spring up in its wake , of course — just as The Pirate Bay appeared in the wake of the closure of other , more " moderate " services .
With each successive takedown , the entertainment industry forces these services into architectures that are harder to police and harder to shut down .
And with each takedown , the industry creates martyrs who inspire their users into an ideological opposition to the entertainment industry , turning them into people who actively dislike these companies and wish them ill ( as opposed to opportunists who supplemented their legal acquisition of copyrighted materials with infringing downloads ) .
It 's a race to turn a relatively benign symbiote ( the original Napster , which offered to pay for its downloads if it could get a license ) into vicious , antibiotic resistant bacteria that 's dedicated to their destruction .
Throughout the trial , the Pirate Bay defendants have played up their image as rebellious outsiders , arriving at court in a slogan - daubed party bus and insisting that their position was to defend a popular technology rather than illegal filesharing .
Prosecutors made a major slip - up on the second day of the trial after failing to convince the judge that illegally copied files had been distributed by the site .
They were forced to drop the charge of " assisting copyright infringement " and focus on the lesser charge of " assisting making available copyrighted content " .
They had been seeking SKr115 m ( £ 101 m ) in compensation for loss of earnings due to the millions of illegal downloads facilitated by the site .
The Pirate Bay trial : guilty verdict
Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio wo n't be attending Monday 's border - violence hearing with local and national political figures because of a scheduling conflict .
That conflict 's name ?
Stephen Colbert .
Arpaio will appear on the stone - faced comic 's right - wing parody show Monday in an episode that airs that same evening .
Colbert 's staff members contacted Arpaio about being on the show following Al Sharpton 's threats to exert pressure on the sheriff to resign this summer .
Arpaio said he'd only seen the show once before - when the sheriff accidentally flipped channels from his own reality show - but he had no concerns about handling the comic .
" I was on Larry King ( Thursday ) night , " he said .
" The Colbert Report " airs Monday at 8:30 p.m. on Comedy Central .
DALLAS --
A police officer was placed on administrative leave Thursday over a traffic stop involving an NFL player whom he kept in a hospital parking lot and threatened to arrest while his mother - in - law died inside the building .
Officer Robert Powell also drew his gun during the March 18 incident involving Houston Texans running back Ryan Moats in the Dallas suburb of Plano , police said .
" I can screw you over , " he said at one point in the videotaped incident .
When another officer came with word that Moats ' mother - in - law was indeed dying , Powell 's response was : " All right .
I 'm almost done . "
Dallas Police Chief David Kunkle apologized to the family and announced that Powell would be on paid leave pending an internal investigation .
" When we at the command staff reviewed the tape , we were embarrassed , disappointed , " Kunkle said .
" It 's hard to find the right word and still be professional in my role as the police chief .
But the behavior was not appropriate . "
Powell , 25 , a three - year member of the force , stopped Moats ' SUV outside Baylor Regional Medical Center at Plano after Moats rolled through a red light .
Police officials said Powell told his commanders he believed he was doing his job , and that he drew his gun but did not point it .
Kunkle said Powell was not necessarily acting improperly when he pulled his weapon out , but that once he realized what was happening should have put the gun back , apologized and offered to help the family in any way .
" His behavior , in my opinion , did not exhibit the common sense , the discretion , the compassion that we expect our officers to exhibit , " Kunkle said .
Moats ' wife , who was in the car along with other relatives , said Powell pointed his weapon at her .
Last week , House speaker Nancy Pelosi , whose hometown San Francisco Chronicle is in trouble , asked attorney general Eric Holder to consider loosening antitrust laws to help out struggling newspapers by allowing more media mergers .
Holder responded by saying he is open to revisiting the rules .
Pelosi's request sounds innocuous at first – after all , struggling newspapers seem to need all the help they can get .
But opening the door to more media consolidation is not the cure for the crisis in journalism .
More of this bad medicine will only weaken reporting and worsen the health of our democracy .
As a few big companies swallowed up more local media outlets , they gutted newsrooms .
The Project for Excellence in Journalism reports that the industry lost 5,000 journalists last year and has slashed 16 % of its news staff since 2001 .
Is it any surprise that fewer people are buying newspapers when reporters are being taken off their beats and bureaus are being shuttered ?
But media consolidation has n't been a disaster only for dedicated journalists or the public who rely on reporters to keep an eye on their leaders .
It 's also been bad for business .
Just a few years ago , the average profit margin for newspapers was over 20 % – with some bringing in twice as much or more .
But that did not satisfy the newspaper executives or Wall Street .
Instead of investing in the quality of their products and innovating for the future , the big media companies have been obsessed with short - term gains .
Instead of bolstering their news - gathering or adjusting to the new media landscape , companies like McClatchy , Tribune and Lee Enterprises used these astronomical profits to buy up other properties .
While federal regulators rubber - stamped these mega-mergers , the media giants took on massive amounts of debt .
Even though newspapers themselves are still profitable , their corporate bosses are drowning in IOUs .
A recent Advertising Age article reported that McClatchy 's newspapers earned a 21 % profit margin last year .
But struggling under the $ 2bn it owes after acquiring Knight Ridder in 2006 , the company has slashed its work force by nearly a third in the past year .
The Tribune Company earned a 5 % profit margin in its newspaper division for the first three quarters of 2008 , but it still declared bankruptcy in December .
Gannett 's newspaper holdings earned an 18 % profit margin last year , with some properties earning as much as 42.5 % .
Nevertheless , Gannett slashed 3,000 jobs and required employees to take a week - long furlough .
The company is also expected to sell off or shut down the 139 - year - old Tucson Citizen this week .
Despite taking pay cuts , Gannett 's top executives still received sizeable six - figure bonuses .
Of course , poor leadership and debt are n't the only problems facing the newspaper industry .
Ad revenue has been down 23 % across the industry in the past two years .
Today , advertisers have cheaper options online to reach their target audiences , a major problem for newspapers relying on print advertising for 90 % of their revenue .
Even though more people are reading newspapers online than ever before , online advertising still makes up just a small percentage of a newspaper 's earnings .
We can't put the Internet back in the bottle or restore newspapers ' monopoly on local advertising .
Instead , what we need to figure out is how to support news - gathering , investigative journalism and beat reporting in a world in which Walmart coupons and car - dealership ads will no longer cover the costs of bureaus in Baghdad or Boise .
But if the same handful of conglomerates now coming to Washington for handouts had been held in check earlier , many of these newspapers and their employees would stand a better chance of weathering the economic storm .
And if regulators had n't looked the other way as these deals went through , newsrooms would probably have 10 years left to experiment , adjust and adapt – instead of what feels like 10 minutes .
Green -lighting more consolidation will only serve to prop up a failing business model .
It wo n't create any new jobs – in fact , more reporters are sure to be sacked .
And it wo n't add any new voices to the marketplace of ideas .
Letting Dean Singleton , who already owns multiple dailies throughout the Bay Area , put out the same cookie - cutter content under the Chronicle banner wo n't bring back readers or help the industry .
If Pelosi and Holder believe that newspapers are critical to our democracy and worth saving , then they have to explore real structural alternatives that give media ownership back to local communities ; figure out short - term ways to fund serious reporting during the bumpy transition to the Internet ; and look for changes in tax or bankruptcy policy that might encourage local , diverse and non-profit owners who'd be happy to see the 10 to 15 % profit margins that are still the industry average .
How to support serious journalism and local coverage in the new media landscape is a complicated question that surely requires a menu of answers , forward - looking policy ideas and lots of experimentation .
But we know what wo n't work : the exact same policies that got us into this mess in the first place .
Media consolidation is the problem , not the answer .
SHANGHAI  Since the height of China ’s property boom , Morgan Stanley ’s huge real estate deals here have been the envy of the industry .
Then , scandal hit .
Last month , with property prices here and elsewhere in free fall , the bank dropped a bombshell : in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , it said it had fired an executive in its China real estate division after uncovering evidence that he might have violated the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act , which bars American business people from bribing foreign officials .
That executive , Garth Peterson , was a star deal maker who had become a powerful figure on the Shanghai investment scene , people knowledgeable about the investigation said .
His supervisor , the head of global real estate investing , was placed on administrative leave .
In China , which is struggling to deal with corruption and bribery , the revelation is the latest bit of sobering news after a wild real estate boom suddenly went bust late last year , leaving some of the world ’s biggest financial institutions with potentially huge losses .
Published online 30 March 2009 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2009.208
News
One greenhouse could produce a million doses of virus - blocking chemical .
The protein , produced in N. benthamiana , could be the basis of a new HIV microbicide .
Wikepedia
Researchers have used plants to make large amounts of a protein that could help prevent the transmission of HIV .
The study brings the prospect of a commercial protein - based microbicide for HIV a step closer , the researchers say .
Such microbicides have so far proved too expensive to mass - produce .
Using a modified form of the tobacco mosaic virus , the scientists , based in the United States and the United Kingdom , introduced genes into Nicotiana benthamiana — a member of the tobacco family — so that it produces a protein made by red algae called griffithsin ( GRFT ) .
Previous studies on human cells growing in the lab have shown that GRFT is effective against HIV .
It 's thought the protein binds to the virus ' surface and stops it from infecting healthy cells .
To date , clinical trials with non-protein microbicides against HIV have been disappointing .
Carraguard , a chemical that inactivates HIV by damaging proteins on the virus ' surface , was the first anti-HIV microbicide to make it to the end of phase III clinical trials .
But in late 2007 it was found to be ineffective against the virus ( see Anti-HIV gel trial fails ) .
Scientists hope that protein - based microbicides will fare better .
Protein promise
" Proteins have been shown to provide some of the most effective protection against HIV , and GRFT is perhaps one of the most potent inhibitors yet described , " says Kenneth Palmer , a virologist at the University of Louisville , Kentucky , who led one of the teams .
Palmer also works for Intrucept Biomedicine , an Owensboro , Kentucky - based biotechnology company that is commercializing the microbicide .
The expensive equipment traditionally needed to make recombinant proteins has hampered efforts to produce protein - based microbicides cheaply .
" Microbicides have to be cost - competitive with condoms if they are to be accessible to women in developing countries , " says Palmer .
Scientists have tried modifying plants before to express the desired proteins in an attempt to bring down costs .
But until now , the plants have failed to make enough of the proteins .
" The best candidates for microbicides are either protein - based or made from small molecule drugs .
But recently , the appetite for protein microbicides has waned because people could not see a way of producing them at quantity or [ low ] cost , " says Julian Ma , a molecular immunologist at St George 's Hospital , at the University of London , UK .
" This is a landmark study because it shows for the first time that proteins can be produced in large quantities , so it brings back the possibility of producing protein microbicides , " adds Ma , who also researches the production of protein drugs in plants .
Trials and tribulations
The team harvested more than 60 grams of GRFT from N. benthamiana plants in a greenhouse with an area of 460 square metres .
Palmer says the group chose the plant because it is very susceptible to viral genetic modification , and because it can be grown at high densities in greenhouses .
Their work is published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA .
Palmer estimates that this amount of GRFT could produce roughly one million doses of microbicide , administered as a gel .
" This is the first realistic manufacturing process for producing proteins in plants , " he says .
ADVERTISEMENT
There are currently no plant - made pharmaceuticals on the market , although a handful are in clinical trials , including a treatment made in carrot cells for Gaucher 's disease , a metabolic disorder .
Palmer hopes to begin clinical trials in the next few years .
One worry is that the algal protein could trigger an immune response in humans , Palmer says .
But preliminary tests of the protein's effectiveness against HIV , its safety and toxicity , carried out in human cervical cells and in a rabbit model , are promising .
" It looks very exciting .
But will it work in a monkey model ? " asks Ian McGowan , co-principle investigator of the Microbicide Trials Network , an international collaboration researching anti-HIV microbicides .
" It will be fascinating to see what concentration of the protein will be needed , as when you move from the test tube to animals and then humans , you often need to scale up concentration significantly , " he adds .
13 Days in Hell
How fast can you hold off a swarm of zombies ?
Tip for survival ... aim for the head !
All Hallows Eve Snipe the horde of zombies before they attack your castle .
Complete with upgrades and weapons .
Army of the Dead This flash game has very detailed graphics .
You must shoot the zombies all over their body to kill them .
Autumn War Command your swat team agaist an infected army of zombies in this strategic battle of Tug o' War .
Boxhead : The Zombie Wars
The best and most current of the Boxhead series .
Kill zombies and demons with many different weapons !
Sponsored Link Visit Play Zombie games , a popular site for zombie game lovers .
Comatose Slaughter your way through campaign mode and survive the time trials in this birds - eye view zombie shooter .
CQC Mature language and violence makes this zombie killing game have high production value .
Dead Frontier : Night One Part 1 of a 3 part minigame series of a soon to be realeased zombie MMO .
Night Two and Night Three are similar .
De -Animator A zombie flash game based on stories by H. P. Lovecraft .
Shoot them while they 're rising from the ground !
Died Hard
Ride the elevator up floor by floor to kill more zombies and save more hostages .
Make Bruce Willis proud !
Divine Intervention
You play a priest seeking vengeance to cleanse zombies from earth in this beautifully made side scroller .
Endless Zombie Rampage
In this birds - eye - view shooter , you must kill zombies while protecting your base .
Save money to buy guns !
Graveyard of Drunken Souls
Try to survive in this cartoonish yet difficult game .
Choosing the look of your character is quite amusing .
Sponsored Link Visit ShootZombies , a favorite portal containg every zombie shooter on the net .
Hungry are the Dead Prevent multiple zombies from entering your house by sniping them or throwing grenades at them .
Left 4 k Dead A pun of Left 4 Dead , this entire self - contained Java based game is less than four kilobytes .
Reload often !
Letum
There are many types of destructable zombies in Letum .
Earn money to upgrade weapons and defenses .
Marksmen Kill zombies while you walk down the street .
Toggle nightvision when night falls !
Project Validus
These zombies move fast , so upgrade your speed as fast as you can in this overhead shooter .
Ultimate Down
This stick figure shoot - em - up game has an array of different weapons , from pistols to grenades .
Zombie Grinder 60000
Heavy metal plays loudly while you blast zombies away ( occasionally in slow motion ) with a shotgun .
Zombie Horde 2 Stab and shoot !
Protect yourself ( and the scientist in survival mode ) in this fast paced shoot out .
( CNN ) -- A 22 - year - old college student in Boston , Massachusetts , has been charged with murder in connection with the death of a woman who may have been contacted through a Craigslist ad , police said .
Police found Julissa Brisman , 26 , unconscious with multiple gunshot wounds on April 14 .
She later died .
Philip Markoff , a pre-med student at Boston University with no criminal record , also was charged with the armed robbery and kidnapping of another victim , Police Commissioner Ed Davis announced Monday evening .
Markoff , who was under police surveillance , was arrested earlier in the afternoon after a traffic stop south of the city , police said .
Markoff is suspected in the death of New York City resident Julissa Brisman , 26 , who was found unconscious with multiple gunshot wounds at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel on April 14 .
She was transferred to Boston Medical Center , where she died from her injuries shortly afterward .
Police said that Brisman , a model , offered massages via Craigslist , a popular online classified ads service .
The confrontation between Brisman and her killer seems to have begun as an attempted robbery , police said .
" It appears that there was a struggle between the victim and the suspect in the threshold of the hotel room immediately prior to the shooting , " the Boston Police Department said in a statement posted on its Web site .
Surveillance videos from the hotel where Brisman was murdered showed a tall , clean - cut young blonde man in a black windbreaker leaving the property , said the Boston Police Department , which had asked for the public 's help in identifying the man .
Police did not release a photo of Markoff on Monday .
Four days before Brisman 's killing , Markoff allegedly robbed a 29 - year - old woman at gunpoint at a Westin Hotel in Boston , Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley said .
A police spokesman would not disclose the details of her Craigslist ad but said she and Brisman were " involved in similar professions . "
" This is a compelling case with a myriad of evidence -- with computer evidence being a part of it , " Conley said , adding that additional search warrants would be executed this week .
Markoff 's arraignment was set for Tuesday morning at the Boston Municipal Court .
It was not immediately clear if he had retained defense counsel .
Davis and Conley warned there may be other victims that come forward in the case .
" We would like to make one final pitch to those out there who may have been a victim of robbery at the hands of Philip Markoff , especially those who may have used Craigslist in the manner in which the victim used Craigslist , " he said .
Authorities received more than 150 leads in the case , which Davis credited to the popularity of the Web site .
" The public came forth , they were fascinated by this crime , " he said , adding , " I wish we had this level of cooperation in every homicide that occurred . "
Davis said Boston investigators were working with police in Warwick , Rhode Island , in what could be a related case .
On April 16 at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , Rhode Island , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26 - year - old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , according to Warwick Police Chief Col .
Stephen McCartney .
The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room .
After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , according to McCartney .
He said no conclusions could be made , but allowed that the incident " may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area . "
Watch police say assailant is perusing Craigslist ads »
Craigslist CEO
Jim Buckmaster said the company was " horrified and deeply saddened that our community services have been associated in any way whatsoever with a crime of violence . "
He promised that Craigslist would evaluate the incident to see if additional measures could be introduced to further protect users .
CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this report .
All About Craigslist Inc. • Boston Police Department • Murder and Homicide
Mr. Garrison
Loua
nne Johnson
Dewy Finn
Micky Rosa
Remus Lupin
Arnold Schwarzenegger
Veronica Vaughn
Indiana Jones
Yoda
Throughout my childhood I watched thousands of movies and often times dreamed that one of my teachers would be half as cool ( or as sexy ) as one of the many teachers you see in movies .
I 've compiled a list of some of the coolest teachers I could remember off the top of my head .
There are many other teachers from movies who I 've left out because they just did n't leave a big enough impression on my feeble mind .
Below is my list of the nine coolest teachers , I 've also listed my reasoning behind why they are cool .
If you have any favorites or straight up think my choices were horrible , feel free to comment !-
South ParkWhile
I probably would n't have realized my teacher was gay while in Elementary school I definitely would have been able to appreciate all the dirty talk that comes out of Mr. Garrison 's mouth .
I am pretty sure that my favorite subject in late elementary school was sex education so I would have been more than happy to welcome Mr. Garrison into our class . ( Michelle Pfeiffer ) - Dangerous MindsMichelle
Pfeiffer took a lot of bad ass kids who thought they were going nowhere and motivated them into doing something positive with their lives , all the while looking ridiculously attractive for somebody trapped in the mid nineties .
If I was in her class I would intentionally be getting placed in detention to spend a little after hour 's time with her .
Hubba hubba . ( Jack Black ) School of Rock ( 2003 ) While Dewy was n't technically supposed to be a teacher , he sure pulled off faking it quite well .
If my music teacher when I was growing made our class into a living breathing rock band I would probably have been a little bit more excited to attend . ( Kevin Spacey ) - 21 When was the last time your teacher involved you in a massive illegal money making scheme ?
Micky Rosa orchestrated his brilliant students into one of the largest gambling schemes to ever rear its face in Vegas .
Micky taught his students how to count cards and how to do it in teams .
Why could n't my teachers have taught me anything this cool ? ( David Thewlis ) - Harry PotterI 've always wanted to know how to perform magic .
I 'm not talking about card tricks and pulling doves out of a hat ; I 'm talking straight up Beetlejuice head shrinking action .
Remus Lupin from Harry Potter taught kids how to do real magic that you could actually use in real life .
To top it off , he also just so happened to be a werewolf ; when was the last time you could say that about one of your teachers ? ( Detective John Kimble ) - Kindergarten CopI do n't really have to say a lot about why it would be cool to have Arny as your teacher .
But if you really need something , Arnold played John Kimble in Kindergarten cop who was a undercover cop and undercover cops are uhhhmmm , cool .
" Who is your daddy , and what does he do ? " ( Bridgette Wilson ) - Billy MadisonVeronica
Vaughn played the hottest third grade teacher to ever step foot in a class room .
She not only has a pretty face , but also a wonderful set of mammary glands ( That means boobs dumbass ! ) .
She paid special attention to Billy Madison as he progressed through the grades .
This teacher could pay all the special attention to me she wants !
Hell , I would spend four years getting a teaching degree just so I could accidently bump into her in the hall way !( Harrison Ford ) Indiana Jones was an Archeology teacher , but not an ordinary one .
He taught his class that X does n't always mark the spot and that a regular Joe man can find ridiculous treasures all on his own .
Even if this might not be feasible in real life , I would have loved to have a teacher who fed be BS stories even a tenth as cool as Indy's . -
Star WarsWell besides the fact that I 've always wanted a slimy green monster as a teacher , Yoda was an excellent teacher .
Yoda taught Jedi mind tricks to those strong in the force .
While I would probably never make the cut in Jedi school I still would have loved to have a little monkey like Yoda on my back to give me educational instructions .
Oh yea , I would n't mind stealing his light saber when he was n't looking too !
ADVERTISEMENT
London banks attacked , police clash with protesters at G20 RAW STORY
Published : Wednesday April 1 , 2009
Print This Email This Videos ( at bottom ) : News roundup from massive protests in London
World leaders battled Wednesday to hammer out their differences over how to fix the global economy , against a backdrop of violent demonstrations in which one man collapsed and died .
Protesters laid siege to the Bank of England and smashed the windows of a nearby bank that has become a symbol of the financial crisis in Britain , which has been hit hard by the credit crunch and its economic fallout .
Security is tight ahead of Thursday 's Group of 20 summit , where leaders including US President Barack Obama are struggling to overcome US - Europe tensions over how to ease the global slowdown .
Several thousand demonstrators invaded London 's main financial district and tensions spilled over when protesters smashed their way into an office of Royal Bank of Scotland , which was taken into state ownership last year .
Police said they made 63 arrests in the clashes , and later announced a man had collapsed and died while being held inside a police cordon near the Bank of England , despite attempts by emergency services to revive him .
The protests were carried out as world leaders held pre-summit talks trying to iron out differences over whether tighter regulation or further fiscal stimulus would do more to ease the crisis .
Late Wednesday , they all gathered at Buckingham Palace for a reception hosted by Queen Elizabeth II , before a dinner at British Prime Minister Gordon Brown 's Downing Street residence .
Earlier , France and Germany demanded tough action by the G20 leaders and Obama warned the United States could no longer be counted on to be the " voracious consumer " which would lead worldwide growth .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel said they were not happy with the draft proposals for the summit , and vowed to stand together to press for " non-negotiable " new global finance rules .
" Without new regulations there will be no confidence .
And without confidence there will be no recovery .
It 's a major aim , non-negotiable , " Sarkozy told reporters here , although he did not repeat a threat to walk out of the summit .
Merkel said world powers could not wait until a subsequent meeting to take action , and insisted " we must not be content with generalisations " in the final communique the G20 leaders are to draw up .
Summit host Brown held telephone talks with Sarkozy Wednesday ahead of Thursday 's meeting and agreed on the need for tougher world finance rules , but not on the final communique , the French presidency said .
Obama and Brown , who is struggling to bridge the summit gap between the US and Europe , played down the differences but not the scope of the crisis that the summit will have to confront .
" Make no mistake , we are facing the most severe economic crisis since World War II , and the global economy is now so fundamentally interlinked that we can only meet this challenge together , " said Obama , who has also held his first face - to - face meetings with Russia 's President Dmitry Medvedev and China 's President Hu Jintao .
After Obama 's talks with his Chinese counterpart , the pair pledged to support global trade and investment flows and work to resist protectionism , the White House said .
" China and the United States are committed to resist protectionism and ensure sound and stable US - China trade relations , " said a statement issued after Obama met Hu at the US ambassador 's residence in London .
China has previously singled out the United States for criticism over protectionist measures .
Obama insisted that while the summit had a duty to produce " the most substantive outcome possible , " the " separation between the various parties has been vastly overstated . "
The US leader has said stimulus and regulation are needed .
He added that the United States could not shoulder all responsibility for generating new growth .
" Everybody is going to have to pick up the pace and I think that there is a recognition based on the conversations that I 've had with leaders around the world that that is important , " he said .
Germany 's Merkel voiced her concern before leaving Berlin .
" I am going to London with a mixture of confidence and concern .
Concern on one hand on whether we can really react to the serious situation ...
Confident , however , that ... we can not stick our heads in the sand , " she said .
Merkel has spoken out against governments like the US and Britain spending their way out of the crisis .
But her fears were dismissed by Prime Minister Taro Aso of Japan , whose country spent massively to re-ignite the economy following the Asian financial crisis .
This video was broadcast by Sky News , April 1 , 2009 .
This video was published to YouTube by MiddleEastNews , April 1 , 2009 .
This video was published to YouTube by user lonefoxilluminus , April 1 , 2009 .
This video was published to YouTube by user bstopard , April 1 , 2009 .
This video was published to YouTube by user blimpdoit , April 1 , 2009 .
With wire reports .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
He introduces the test by saying : " I 've listened to artists who after listening to I thought to myself ' Wow ... loving this rubbish says a lot about someone and how much they got going on in their head ' .
Could one 's musical tastes say something about intelligence ? "
SACRAMENTO , Calif . —
Errant motorists , beware : Puppy hit - and - run could soon be a crime .
Pushing animal rights in a new direction , a state lawmaker has proposed slapping California motorists with a fine and possible jail time if they flee the scene after hitting a jaywalking dog , cat or any other pet or farm animal .
The measure by Democrat Mike Eng would require that drivers attempt to provide medical aid to an injured animal and notify the owner or animal - control authorities .
It is one of a herd of bills introduced in the Legislature this year that could test the boundaries of what constitutes humane treatment of animals in California .
One lawmaker wants to crack down on dogfighting .
Another proposes a ban on docking ( clipping or cutting ) the tails of dairy cows .
A Republican hopes to make animal - adoption fees tax - deductible .
Democrats want to curb puppy mills and pet sales at flea markets — and make it illegal to let a cat older than 6 months run free unless it is spayed or neutered .
Eng said he wrote his bill out of respect for the central role pets can play in family life , noting that he got the idea from a constituent who lost a beloved family dog .
He said he hopes to “ start a dialogue ” and set a precedent , alerting the motoring public that they bear responsibility for aiding an animal they ’ve hit .
New York has a similar law , as do Germany and Singapore .
Eng finds it troubling that California makes it a misdemeanor crime to flee an accident involving property loss — a dented fender , a crushed mailbox , a run-down planter box — but there is no law against a hit - and - run involving a pet .
“ You can only hit an animal and leave , and face no consequences , ” Eng said .
“ An inanimate object has more rights . ”
Tough anti-piracy laws in Denmark have notably caused some serious problems for The Pirate Bay , as ISPs there were forced to block the world 's largest tracker .
The law allows outfits such as IFPI to shut down sites with relative ease but this imbalance towards rights holders will be addressed in a new report due soon .
While in most countries the IFPI needs to pressure governments or ISPs in order to close Internet connections used for piracy , in Denmark laws may already allow it .
Recently Clement Salung Petersen Ph.D , an assistant professor from the Center for Corporate Responsibility at the University of Copenhagen noted that Danish legislation is very much biased towards the rights holders .
By contrast , Internet users and website operators receive a pretty raw deal .
“ It must be assumed that it is already in accordance with current Danish law that in principle it is possible to close an Internet connection that has been used to infringe copyrights , ” says Peterson .
“ But the law does not take into account the very significant conflicting interests that will prevail in such a case , ” he added .
The problem is the unbalanced approach to a potential disconnection .
In Denmark an Internet user ’s interests are not considered when making a decision to close a site or connection – they are not even involved in the process and therefore have no opportunity to defend themselves .
Furthermore , should a connection or site be closed in error , there is little chance for claiming compensation .
“ It ’s obvious that this runs counter to some basic legal principles , ” says Petersen .
One of the problems lies in the way the Danes implemented the EU 2001 ‘ Infosoc directive ‘ , which differs greatly from the manner in which other EU countries have handled it .
Under Danish law , ISPs can be made responsible for the copyright violations of their subscribers , which is why ISPs can shut down a customers Internet connection or close a website so easily .
Now , according to Comon.dk , in the latest draft report from the Ministry of Culture Conference on piracy , having previously ignored the problems the Danish government has now included the concerns of Professor Petersen , as it tries to decide whether or not to introduce new legislation against users who share copyright material on the Internet .
The draft is also set to look at some of the demands being put forward by the IFPI and other similar groups , including their 3 strikes initiative .
Another IFPI proposal is that individuals should be made responsible for whatever happens on their Internet connection , whether they carried out any infringements or not .
This suggestion was put forward after legal action by IFPI against two women failed last year , with the pair successfully arguing a ‘ wireless defense ’ .
The women said they had no knowledge of the alleged infringements and therefore should n’t have to pay any damages .
The court agreed and acquitted them of all charges .
To avoid this type of outcome in future cases , the IFPI wants to change the burden of proof so that instead of the rights holder having to prove that an individual engaged in piracy , it is up to the individual to prove that he did n’t and that the responsibility for infringement lies with a 3rd party .
The final version of the report will be published in the spring .
Michael Lebowitz addresses the World at a Crossroads conference .
Photo by Alex Bainbridge .
Is it time to dust off a copy of Das Kapital and revisit Marx 's analysis of capitalism 's ills ?
Michael Lebowitz has recently been in Australia as a featured guest of the World at a Crossroads conference , held in Sydney April 10 - 12 , organised by the Democratic Socialist Perspective and Green Left Weekly .
He was interviewed by the ABC Radio's Late Night Live on April 14 , 2009 .
Original audio source ( lnl_20090414_2218.mp3 )
Guests :
Michael A. Lebowitz
Professor emeritus of economics at Simon Fraser University in Vancouver , Canada .
He is a program coordinator with the Centro International Miranda , Caracas , Venezuela .
William Coleman
Reader at the school of economics of the Australian National University ; editor of Agenda : a Journal of Policy Analysis and Reform .
Further Information :
`` The Path to Human Development ' ' -- Michael A. Lebowitz
Publications
Beyond Capital , Marx 's Political Economy of the Working Class
Michael A. Lebowitz
Palgrave Macmillan ( Second Edition , 2003 )
Story researcher and producer : Sasha Fegan
April 28 , 2009 .
On April 26th , 2009 at 1:15 pm , Israeli settlers beat two elderly Palestinian farmers with stones and sticks while they were working their lands close to Bet Ayn settlement , located in the southern West Bank .
The attack occurred shortly after Israeli soldiers , having observed the two farmers , left the area .
They did not reappear even after the attack .
Both farmers are from the village of Beit Ommar , with lands in Saffa , close to the illegal Israeli settlement .
Abdullah Soleiby , aged 80 , sustained two hair - line fractures and received ten stitches to the top of his head after three settlers held him down and repeatedly smashed his head with stones .
His brother , Hamad Soleiby , aged 72 , was also beaten though he managed to put his brother on the back of a donkey and take him to the village , where he was briefly treated before being transferred to the hospital in Hebron .
This is not the first time this family has been the victim of vicious attacks by settlers from Beit Ayn .
In 2006 , Hamad�s head was also fractured by masked settlers while farming in the same area .
The day before on April 25th , Beit Ommar farmers accompanied by international solidarity activists , were able to work lands close to the settlement in the same area .
The army and settlers left the farmers alone , though two carloads of Israeli activists were prevented from entering the village earlier that day to take part in the action .
A wildfire burns in the boreal forests of Alaska 's Yukon Flats in summer of 2006 .
( Photo courtesy of Philip Higuera )
( PhysOrg.com ) --
The increase in warmer and drier climates predicted to occur under climate change scenarios has led many scientists to also predict a global increase in the number of wildfires .
But a new study in the May issue of Ecological Monographs shows that in some cases , changes in the types of plants growing in an area could override the effects of climate change on wildfire frequency .
Philip Higuera of Montana State University and his colleagues show that although changing temperatures and moisture levels set the stage for changes in wildfire frequency , they can often be trumped by changes in the distribution and abundance of plants .
Vegetation plays a major role in determining the flammability of an ecosystem , he says , potentially dampening or amplifying the impacts that climate change has on fire frequencies .
" Climate is only one control of fire regimes , and if you only considered climate when predicting fire under climate - change scenarios , you would have a good chance of being wrong , " he says .
" You would n't be wrong if vegetation did n't change , but the greater the probability that vegetation will change , the more important it becomes when predicting future fire regimes . "
Higuera and his colleagues examined historical fire frequency in northern Alaska by analyzing sediments at the bottom of lakes .
Using meter - long samples , called sediment cores , Higuera and his colleagues measured changes in the abundance of preserved plant parts , such as pollen , to determine the types of vegetation that dominated the landscape during different time periods in the past .
Like rings in a tree , different layers of sediment represent different times in the past .
The researchers used radiocarbon dating to determine the sediment 's age , which dates as far back as 15,000 years .
They then measured charcoal deposits in the sediment to determine fire frequency during time periods dominated by different vegetation .
Finally , they compared their findings to known historical climate changes .
In many cases , the authors discovered , changes in climate were less important than changes in vegetation in determining wildfire frequency .
Despite a transition from a cool , dry climate to a warm , dry climate about 10,500 years ago , for example , the researchers found a sharp decline in the frequency of fires .
Their sediment cores from that time period revealed a vegetation change from flammable shrubs to fire - resistant deciduous trees , a trend which Higuera thinks was enough to offset the direct effects of climate on fire frequencies .
" In this case , a warmer climate was likely more favorable for fire occurrence , but the development of deciduous trees on the landscape offset this direct climatic effect .
Consequently , we see very little fire , " Higuera says .
Similarly , during the development of the modern spruce - dominated forest about 5000 years ago , temperatures cooled and moisture levels increased , which - considered alone - would create unfavorable conditions for frequent fires .
Despite this change , the authors observed an increase in fire frequency , a pattern they attribute to the high flammability of the dense coniferous forests .
Higuera thinks this research has implications for predictions of modern - day changes in fire regimes based on climate change .
These findings , Higuera says , emphasize that predicting future wildfire frequency should n't hinge on the direct impacts of climate change alone .
" Climate affects vegetation , vegetation affects fire , and both fire and vegetation respond to climate change , " he says .
" Most importantly , our work emphasizes the need to consider the multiple drivers of fire regimes when anticipating their response to climate change . "
Source : Ecological Society of America
Explore further Warming climate may cause arctic tundra to burn
It ’s time to reconsider a lot of what we do .
In the wake of Vince , the recent Google update that rewards big brands with better rankings for competitive keywords , we all need to think about the future of SEO .
Sure , it was n’t as big as Florida , but it showed that Google is hellbent on making our jobs redundant .
Between the near constant algorithm changes ( Not just Google … Yahoo recently became much more sensitive to internal linking ) and the expansive growth of what Eric Schmidt called a “ cesspool ” of spam , rankings for money keywords are becoming more and more difficult , if not near impossible , to achieve .
Generally , gaining and maintaining a # 1 ranking for one of these uber - competitive keywords is no longer cost - effective .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
The future of SEO is not in developing rankings for keywords based on traffic , but creating traffic for keywords .
SEO as a means , not an end .
Two Cases of Integration
Here are two examples from 2008 that I think illustrate the most obvious and the most ingenious uses of search engines as part of an integrated ad campaign .
The National Guard ’s campaign featuring a Kid Rock music video and a call to action to search for “ National Guard Warrior ” on Yahoo to download the track is the most obvious extension of search to a traditional ad campaign .
The ads played predominantly in movie theatres and giving people an easy - to - remember search term seems a much better strategy than providing a url .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
This method is easily replicated for nearly any product .
All it takes is a brand name and long tail modifier .
I ’m surprised more people are n’t using it .
However , it ’s a relatively simple strategy and does n’t utilize search to its fullest potential .
To promote their new scent Swagger , Old Spice created a microsite where users could input their interests , upload a picture and give their email address and the system would generate fake blog articles about how manly they are .
These articles would populate search results for users ’ names within a week or so .
The system would also dynamically create paid search ads for users while their blog content was being indexed .
This truly integrated campaign was cross- promoted using television ads and standard online media buys .
Search technology played an integral part , but was n’t the end goal .
What Happens When You Don’t Integrate
Burger King ( c/o Crispin Porter + Bogusky ) learned the hard way that search trend analysis , keyword research and on - page optimization should be a part of any new product / campaign launch online .
After launching the Whopper Virgins campaign online they realized that roughly half of searchers were omitting the plural … the microsite was on page 3 for “ Whopper Virgin ” .
When working on a new product / campaign launch , it ’s important to look at keyword trends and traffic within the market .
If you can anticipate keyword demand , you ’ll be able to establish rankings before the market catches on .
You should also collaborate with copywriters to create copy that will inform people about how they should search for your product .
This tactic is particularly effective if you are working with a competitive keyword set .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
The Future
I ’m not saying SEO as we know it is going to disappear anytime soon , but we need to start thinking ahead .
I like to think that SEO ’s future lies in redefining the traditional advertising team of art director and copywriter to include a digital strategist .
The digital strategist ’s role is exploring fully the potential of search , both paid and organic , and social media marketing integration .
In most agencies , SEO is an afterthought or a panicked solution to a problem , but some are starting to get on the right page .
If we all step up and present novel strategies that utilize our skills in a more global sense , clients and agencies will start to realize our value , which means more work and more creative work at that .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
The guest article is by Josh Millrod who is a New York City based SEO consultant and blogger .
He blogs whenever he can about SEO strategy and theory on Positive Vibes SEO .
You can keep up with Josh on his personal site , Twitter or connect on Linked In .
Also , if you ’re looking for fresh SEO / SEM / SMO talent , you can check out his SEO resume … he would love to talk to you .
Gamefly is a popular way for gamers to play titles without having to buy $ 50 or $ 60 games .
It works just like any mail - based rental service : you subscribe , choose the number of games you 'd like to rent each month , keep them from however long you 'd like , and then send them back once you 're done .
When Gamefly receives the games , it mails out the next one on the list .
According to a recent complaint filed by Gamefly against the Postal Regulatory Commission however , mailing games remains dangerous , and expensive .
That is , unless you 're Netflix or Blockbuster .
According to Gamefly 's numbers , it mails out 590,000 games and receives 510,000 games back from subscribers a month .
The company sees , depending on the mailer , between one and two percent of its games broken in transit .
" Testing by GameFly and Postal Service personnel has revealed that breakage occurs during the processing of DVD mailers on Postal Service automated mail processing equipment , " Gamefly states .
Even if you assume the number is one percent , and a game costs $ 50 to replace , that 's an astounding $ 295,000 a month in lost merchandise .
As the company grows — and the complaint claims 34 percent yearly growth — that number will only get grow with it .
That 's not the only issue — games are also stolen in transit , which has lead to the arrest of 19 Postal Service employees .
After testing multiple solutions , Gamefly saw the best results with a protective insert in the standard - sized mailer , which made the cost of shipping approximately double .
Did that help ? " ... the Postal Service failed to stop breaking GameFly DVDs despite collecting the higher rates charged for flat - shaped First - Class Mail , and even after GameFly began marking its mailers with warnings such as ' FIRST - CLASS MAIL FLAT ' and ' PROCESS ON AFSM - 100 , ' the complaint alleges .
Netflix , Blockbuster given better treatment ?
While some amount of theft and breakage is to be expected , Gamefly claims it has tried working with the Post Office to reduce the problems , to no avail .
Further , the " solutions " still lead to broken discs , even with a significant increase in the cost of postage .
Gamefly claims that mailers from Netflix and Blockbuster are treated better than their own product .
" On routine visits to multiple Postal Service facilities , GameFly ’s employees have observed that a large percentage of mail pieces from Netflix and Blockbuster are culled from the automated letter processing stream , " the complaint states .
" GameFly has asked the Postal Service to give GameFly ’s DVD mailers processing on terms and conditions comparable to the terms and conditions offered to two larger DVD mailers , Blockbuster and Netflix .
The Postal Service has not done so . "
Now that Blockbuster has began to offer video games for rental through its mailing service , a large problem has been created for Gamefly .
" As a result of this initiative , GameFly now faces direct competition from a rival that is larger and longer established and which , because of the preferential treatment given by the Postal Service , enjoys a substantial cost advantage in the distribution of its DVDs to consumers . "
Another success story for the US Postal Service ?
Gamefly 's complaints are pretty basic : its mailers are n't given the same preferential treatment as its competitors , and it pays for flat - rate postage , but the mailers are n't sorted on the correct equipment , leading to breakage .
USPS employees steal the games .
The complaint details every attempt the company has made to work with the Postal Service to resolve these complaints , or to get the same treatment given to Netflix and Blockbuster , and it claims those attempts have lead nowhere .
What 's even more galling is that the Postal Service sent out a press release when Gamefly opened its new distribution center in Austin Texas , touting the use of the mail to help businesses grow .
" GameFly may be a relatively new company , but it 's using an old idea ; getting USPS to help it grow , " the release stated .
" Company founders modeled the video game rental company on Netflix , the movie rental - by - mail mogul . "
Gamefly says " movie rental - by - mail moguls " are getting better treatment .
We 've contacted both Gamefly and the United States Postal Service for comment on the complaint , but have yet to receive a reply .
We 'll update when we hear back from them .
CFO Kevin Krakora was largest inside trader during mass August 2007 sell - off , near historic company high , as reported exclusively by The BRAD BLOG
Diebold 's bad month gets worse ...
Brad Friedman Byon 3/25/2009 , 8:19 pm PT
It 's been a bad month for Diebold ( DBD ) , what with the findings in CA that their voting machines drop votes and their audit logs allows deletion of records ; their admission that all of their voting machines fail to record ballot deletions , and that their ATMs were hacked , likely by insiders , just to point to a few of their recent embarrassing headlines .
But things are getting still worse by the minute , it seems .
This , from Cleveland 's Plain Dealer today :
Diebold Inc.'s chief financial officer has stepped down in the wake of a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission investigation into possible violations of federal securities laws .
Kevin Krakora , 53 , who also stepped down as executive vice president , will remain in a nonfinancial reporting capacity until the matter is resolved , Diebold said Wednesday in a filing with the SEC .
There are more details at the Dealer ( though caution is advised : most of their reporting is based on statements given by Diebold , so bring plenty of grains of salt ! ) .
That said , The BRAD BLOG broke an exclusive story , in August of 2007 , concerning a mass sell - off by 10 Diebold officers who had all managed to unload hundreds of thousands of dollars ' worth of stock , each on the very same day on Aug.
7th , when the share price was near an historic high .
It fell quickly and preciptously thereafter ( 15 % in the next week alone ) following news of Diebold spinning off its election company into a " new company " named Premier Election Solutions .
The largest sale of stock made on that day , Aug. 7th 2007 , was by Kevin Krakora , the CFO who stepped down today .
He had sold $ 167,107 worth of stock ( 3,150 shares ) at the near - historic high of $ 53.05 per share .
Diebold stock plunged in value more than 50 % over the next several months , following the mass Aug. ' 07 selloff .
It 's been falling ever since , with one exception in March of 2008 when United Technologies Corp. ( UTC ) attempted an unsuccessful takeover of the company .
The stock shot up momentarily on that news , but has been largely falling again ever since .
Shares of Diebold closed on Wednesday at $ 21.53 , down 5.4 % on the day .
The last time the stock was at that bargain basement price was prior to George W. Bush 's " election " ( aided in part , by the way , by a Diebold tabulator in Volusia County , FL , which gave negative 16,022 votes to Al Gore --- an anomaly which has never been explained by anyone ) .
We could n't tell you whether the news of Krakora 's stepping down today has anything to do with our coverage of the questionable insider trading in August of ' 07 .
Or whether it stems from other questionable Diebold activities --- they 've been facing a class - action securities fraud lawsuit from shareholders since 2005 ; under SEC investigation since 2006 ; and under DoJ investigation since 2007 ; and admitted overstating '07 earnings in early 2008 .
But if we helped in any way , you 're welcome , America !
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
March 21 , 2009
Simon Johnson , in an article posted on the RGE Monitor site , notes that the “ CEOs of major banks have started to push back against the critics ” and cites Richard Kovacevich , chair of Wells Fargo .
Johnson mentions the “ banking industry ’s thought leader , ” Jamie Dimon , who declares “ that unless we stop vilifying corporate leaders … we will not get an economic recovery . ”
Sounds like blackmail to me .
Mr. Johnson tells us the banking CEOs and “ thinkers ” want us to “ move on , ” in other words forget about holding the culprits ( like Vikram Pandit at Citi ) responsible or for that matter even vilifying them too harshly and simply move down the long and winding road with the process of looting the American taxpayer and his children and his children ’s children , lest there be bankruptcy and a creeping cancer that spreads over the body of the private sector .
I do n’t claim to know anything about banking and economics , but I do know something else when I see it — treason .
[ efoods ]
As Irish Transport Minister Noel Dempsey said earlier this month , the bankers have used the economy as “ their own personal piggy bank , ” amounting to reckless endangerment .
The damage done to Ireland by bankers was comparable only to Cromwell , said Dempsey .
He deemed it “ economic treason . ”
It ’s pretty much the same situation on this side of the pond , only worse .
Bad debt infecting the entire economy is a greedy and immoral scam devised by the bankers as they went about extending dubious loans to the four corners and then repackaging these questionable loans as investments and selling them down the line to other institutions , thus spreading the disease .
It was all about making as much money in as possible in a high - risk shell game .
And when it blew up the bankers arrogantly demanded the taxpayers pick up the stupendous tab otherwise we ’d all suffer a mega - depression .
A case may be made that this sort of greediness was encouraged and fostered by the international bankers for the purpose of wrecking the economy so they might buy everything up for pennies on the dollar and consolidate their wealth and sell us into slavery .
History is replete with this sort of infamy and high treason .
It ’s time we hold this execrable swine accountable under Article III , Section 3 of the U.S. Constitution covering treason .
The bankers have levied ( economic ) war against us and have adhered to our enemies , the international foreign bankers , and have given them Aid and Comfort .
“ The Congress shall have power to declare the Punishment of Treason , but no Attainder of Treason shall work Corruption of Blood , or Forfeiture except during the Life of the Person attainted , ” wrote the framers .
In an email sent here it was suggested as well we send out the military to capture the chiefs of the international banks headquartered in England , France , Germany , and raid the small islands where they do business .
If we can get the country and the military back , I am all for it .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The _cells dictionary maps cell addresses to formulas .
Looking up the cell triggers an eval on that cell formula , possibly resulting in other cells being looked up and evaluated .
The tools class variable is a dictionary of functions and constants you want to make visible to users of the spreadsheet .
This does n't make eval ( ) totally secure , but it improves the situation somewhat .
This is meant to be a minimal example to show the basic idea .
The idea scales up well .
Without too much effort , I 've built out a modest spreadsheet program with error trapping , limited access to globals , handling of circular references , strings , summations , a library of spreadsheet functions , the ability to save and restore ( using pickle ) , and a TkInter GUI that looks and acts like a regular spreadsheet .
April 2 , 2009
Picturing the Recession
NYTimes.com readers around the world are picturing the recession .
How is the downturn playing out in your community ?
What signs of hardship or resilience stand out ?
How are you or your family personally affected ?
Creative ways of documenting the changes are encouraged .
EARLY this year , Barbara Plumb , a freelance editor and writer in New York who is on Medicare , received a disturbing letter .
Her gynecologist informed her that she was opting out of Medicare .
When Ms. Plumb asked her primary - care doctor to recommend another gynecologist who took Medicare , the doctor responded that she did n’t know any  and that if Ms. Plumb found one she liked , could she call and tell her the name ?
Many people , just as they become eligible for Medicare , discover that the insurance rug has been pulled out from under them .
Some doctors  often internists but also gastroenterologists , gynecologists , psychiatrists and other specialists  are no longer accepting Medicare , either because they have opted out of the insurance system or they are not accepting new patients with Medicare coverage .
The doctors ’ reasons : reimbursement rates are too low and paperwork too much of a hassle .
When shopping for a doctor , ask if he or she is enrolled with Medicare .
If the answer is no , that doctor has opted out of the system .
Those who are enrolled fall into two categories , participating and nonparticipating .
The latter receive a lower reimbursement from Medicare , and the patient has to pick up more of the bill .
Doctors who have opted out of Medicare can charge whatever they want , but they cannot bill Medicare for reimbursement , nor may their patients .
Medigap , or supplemental insurance , policies usually do not provide coverage when Medicare does n’t , so the entire bill is the patient ’s responsibility .
A MIND LIKE A STEELE TRAP ….
Michael Steele , the newly - elected Republican National Committee chairman , recently told a national television audience , “ Let ’s get this notion out of our heads that the government create jobs .
Not in the history of mankind has the government ever created a job . ”
It was n’t the only dumb thing said by a Republican leader during the stimulus debate , but it was among the most memorable .
Yesterday , Steele spoke to ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos about the Republican position on the economy , and inexplicably , stuck to the same position , arguing , “ What this administration is talking about is making work .
It is creating work . ”
When Stephanopoulos responded , “ But that ’s a job , ” Steele added , “ No , it ’s not a job .
A job is something that — that a business owner creates . ”
Stephanopoulos , looking confused , asked , “ So a job does n’t count if it ’s a government job ? ”
Steele stuck to his guns , insisting that hiring someone to perform a service is n’t an actual job because government contracts “ have an end point . ”
Apparently , a job is only a job if it ’s indefinite .
Stephanopoulos , still confused , said , “ I guess I do n’t really understand that distinction . ”
So , Steele kept digging , arguing , “ If you ’ve got a government contract that is a fixed period of time , it goes away .
The work may go away . ”
Stephanopoulos reminded Steele that “ we ’ve seen millions and millions of jobs going away in the private sector just in the last year . ”
( If the possibility of a job “ going away ” is the standard for having a real “ job , ” then we ’re all unemployed . )
Steele , unaware of the fact that his argument was n’t working , responded , “ But they come — yes , they — and they come back , though , George .
That ’s the point .
When they go — they ’ve gone away before , and they come back . ”
They do ?
Steele went on to say that the government should pass more tax cuts , the “ Fannie and Freddie crisis ” was responsible for the economic downturn and should be dealt with “ more respectfully , ” and that Bush ’s economic record is n’t so bad given that he “ inherited a recession ” from Bill Clinton .
That ’s quite a chairman the Republican Party has chosen .
Following up on the reviews of Tim Geithner ’s latest plan , why do we keep coming back to this idea ?
The modalities are different .
But fundamentally it ’s a different twist on the original TARP idea — use government muscle ( either in dollars or guarantees ) to buy the ‘ toxic assets ’ from the banks at prices pretty close to the high prices the banks want to believe they ’re worth rather than the much lower prices that a lot of economists ( and let ’s remember , the market ) say they ’re worth .
So , if it ’s such a bad idea , why do we keep coming back to it .
I posed this question to Joe Stiglitz back in early February .
And this is what he said …
You can see the rest of our Stiglitz interview here .
Late Update : Some of the responses to this post assumed the title was a rhetorical question .
Actually , it ’s a real question .
If it ’s such a bad idea , why is the idea so persistent .
Real question .
Rock music is alive and well , folks .
Jack
White ’s holy trinity of bands is complete :
He is now the singer / drummer for the Dead Weather with Kills frontwoman Alison Mosshart sharing the vocals and they ’ve already dropped their first 7 ” single ( available on iTunes and streaming on their website here ) .
The first two songs were released at a live performance at Jack ’s new Third Man Records building in Nashville , TN .
The 7 ” features their original song “ Hang You From the Heavens ” and a cover of Gary Numan ’s “ Are Friends Electric ? ”
Good news , n’est - ce pas ?
The second and , to me , more persuasive theory revolves around ignorance and uncertainty .
The primary problem is not the greed of a giant oligarchy .
It ’s that overconfident bankers did n’t know what they were doing .
They thought they had these sophisticated tools to reduce risk .
But when big events  like the rise of China  fundamentally altered the world economy , their tools were worse than useless .
Many writers have described elements of this intellectual hubris .
Amar Bhidé has described the fallacy of diversification .
Bankers thought that if they bundled slices of many assets into giant packages then they did n’t have to perform due diligence on each one .
In Wired , Felix Salmon described the false lure of the Gaussian copula function , the formula that gave finance whizzes the illusion that they could accurately calculate risks .
Benoit Mandelbrot and Nassim Taleb have explained why extreme events are much more likely to disrupt financial markets than most bankers understood .
To me , the most interesting factor is the way instant communications lead to unconscious conformity .
You ’d think that with thousands of ideas flowing at light speed around the world , you ’d get a diversity of viewpoints and expectations that would balance one another out .
Instead , global communications seem to have led people in the financial subculture to adopt homogenous viewpoints .
They made the same one - way bets at the same time .
Jerry Z. Muller wrote an indispensable version of the stupidity narrative in an essay called “ Our Epistemological Depression ” in The American magazine .
What ’s new about this crisis , he writes , is the central role of “ opacity and pseudo - objectivity . ”
Banks got too big to manage .
Instruments got too complex to understand .
Too many people were good at math but ignorant of history .
The greed narrative leads to the conclusion that government should aggressively restructure the financial sector .
The stupidity narrative is suspicious of that sort of radicalism .
We ’d just be trading the hubris of Wall Street for the hubris of Washington .
The stupidity narrative suggests we should preserve the essential market structures , but make them more transparent , straightforward and comprehensible .
Instead of rushing off to nationalize the banks , we should nurture and recapitalize what ’s left of functioning markets .
Both schools agree on one thing , however .
Both believe that banks are too big .
Both narratives suggest we should return to the day when banks were focused institutions  when savings banks , insurance companies , brokerages and investment banks lived separate lives .
We can agree on that reform .
Still , one has to choose a guiding theory .
To my mind , we did n’t get into this crisis because inbred oligarchs grabbed power .
We got into it because arrogant traders around the world were playing a high - stakes game they did n’t understand .
Last Sunday ’s DEVO post was so popular I decided to do some follow up work on the performance and got some insight from DEVO ’s own , Gerald Casale .
I asked him if the agitation shown by members of the Saturday Night Live cast during those seemingly uncomfortable closing credits , where Booji Boy crawled around the stage , was real ?
I also wondered if this had been talked about in interviews before .
Casale was nice enough to respond :
No , it was all too real .
I have spoken about those 3 days in interviews .
Incredible and unparalleled are the operative words .
This is exactly what I wanted to hear .
It was all real AND their was other source material to look for ( I love long term quests ) .
So far I have been able to find one interview that has been posted online , but I will keep looking .
The interview I found was one that Casale gave to Acid Logic ’s Will Forbis .
It looks like DEVO made quite an impression on the cast .
We appeared on SNL in October of 1978 .
Mark began dating Laraine .
Belushi snorted the entire contents of the first gram of coke I ever purchased .
Dan said he was sorry he threw away the DEVO video I had sent him a year earlier .
Obviously Akroyd really became a fan ( and sorry he SHOULD be ) , because as many of you know , DEVO did the very awesome theme song for his underrated film “ Doctor Detroit “ .
As for Belushi taking the entire gram of coke from Casale , that is kind of an honor , like Willy Wonka taking all of your candy .
For more information on DEVO , visit Club DEVO and stay there .
Like Loading ...
By Casey Lynn
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
We ’ve been told that there ’s no wrong way to eat a Reeses , but what about a peep ?
In the tradition of some of the terrible , terrible things you can put into your body that this blog has shown you , I thought I would bring you one more .
Serious Eats has convinced me that peeps are probably one more food that should not be deep fried :
If you think that looks yummy , you can follow the step - by - step recipe .
But in the meantime , I ’ve scoured up some other ways that people eat their peeps …
After all , with peeps and other Easter candies half off on Monday , the frugal chef could make a few peeps go a long way .
Steeped Peep
Peep - B-and -J
Seared Peep
Peepjito
Skinless Peep
Peep and Chips
S’More Peeps
Peeparitas
Peep Cake
Happy Peep Day !
AmazonとGoogleでは時間単位の課金でも意味が違うのではないか、と思う。Amazonが起動時間をベースにしているのに対し、Google AppEngineはCPU時間。
Amazon EC2が起動時間をベースに課金しているのは、リクエストを受け取り可能にするためのステートを維持するためのコストがかかるからだろう。アプリケーションを利用可能にするためには、インスタンスを起動状態にしておかなければならないので、サーバリソースを食う。必然、課金はリソースの食い度合いに比例するように、起動時間ベースにせざるを得ない。
これと違って 、AppEngine はWebアプリケーション実行環境のシェアリングなので、リクエストがなければステートを維持するためのコストはほとんどかからない。アプリケーションは何万何十万あってもかまわないし、リクエストを処理するためのプロセスはそのアプリケーションの間でシェアされる。もちろん、何万何十万が同時にフルに使われることはなく、たぶんそのうちのほとんどが利用率を低いパーセントに抑えられる。
誤解を恐れずに言えば、マシンレベルやOSレベルの仮想化（XenやVMWareなど）で提供されるクラウドは、まだ十分にスケーラブルではない。だれでもいつでも使ってポイ捨て、みたいな富豪は許されない。AppEngineは、EC2のように自由度はないが、Webアプリケーション実行環境に限定する代わりに、数千数万といったアプリを使い捨てできるくらいのスケーラビリティを目指したと考えてよいと思う。
（追記）
２４時間常にリクエスト処理がやってきて、複数サーバで負荷分散してるような比較的大規模サービスの場合は、インスタンスレベルで負荷を調整できるから、たぶんCPU時間も起動時間もあまりかわらなくなるかもしれない。そういう意味で、AppEngineがコスト面で生きてくるのは小規模のロングテールアプリである、という見方もできるのかな。
Get Active
Subscribe
Support Us URL : http://www.mapinc.org/drugnews/v05/n307/a10.html
Newshawk : Kirk
Votes : 0
Pubdate : Thu , 24 Feb 2005
Source : Jerusalem Post ( Israel )
Copyright : 2005 The Jerusalem Post
Contact : http://info.jpost.com/C002/Services/Feedback/editors.html
Website : http://www.jpost.com/
Details : http://www.mapinc.org/media/516
Author : Judy Siegel - Itzkovich
Bookmark : http://www.mapinc.org/mmj.htm
( Cannabis - Medicinal )
STUDY : MARIJUANA SLOWS ALZHEIMER'S DECLINE
New Spanish and Israeli research shows that a synthetic analogue of the active component of marijuana can reduce the inflammation and prevent the mental decline associated with Alzheimer 's disease .
Although it was conducted on human brain tissue in the lab and in a rat model -- but not in living humans -- the research is regarded as a major step not only in understanding how the brain reacts to Alzheimer 's disease , but also in helping to develop novel drugs for Alzheimer 's and even Parkinson 's disease .
Prof. Raphael Mechoulam , a medicinal chemistry expert who discovered marijuana 's active component ( called THC ) , conducted the study with researchers at the Cajal Institute and Complutense University in Madrid , led by Maria de Ceballos .
The study appears in Wednesday 's issue of The Journal of Neuroscience , which is published by the Society for Neuroscience , an organization of more than 36,000 basic scientists and clinicians who study the brain and nervous system .
To show the preventive effects of cannabinoids on Alzheimer 's disease , the team first compared the brain tissue of patients who died from Alzheimer 's disease with that of healthy people who had died at a similar age .
They looked closely at cannabinoid receptors CB1 and CB2 - proteins to which cannabinoids bind , allowing their effects to be felt - and atmicroglia , which activate the brain s immune response .
Micro-glia collect near plaques and , when active , cause inflammation .
The researchers found a dramatically reduced functioning of cannabinoid receptors in diseased brain tissue , meaning that patients had lost the capacity to experience cannabinoids ' protective effects .
In addition , the researchers showed that cannabinoids prevented cognitive decline through rat experiments .
They injected either amyloid ( which leads to cognitive decline ) that had been allowed to aggregate or control proteins into the brains of rats for one week .
Other rats were injected with a cannabinoid and either amyloid or a control protein .
After two months , the researchers trained the rats over five days to find a platform hidden underwater .
Rats treated with the control protein - with or without cannabinoids - and those treated with the amyloid protein and cannabinoid were able to find the platform .
Rats treated with amyloid protein alone did not learn how to find the platform .
Meshoullam said that the discovery was important , since most drugs given for neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's are work merely against symptoms and not the cause and essence of the neurodegeneration .
It is not necessary to smoke marijuana to conduct trials , but to use the synthetic versions of the active ingredient , he told The Jerusalem Post .
Clinical trials have not yet been scheduled or a request made for approval .
It is very complicated and expensive to run clinical trials , he said , but he hoped they would be carried out due to the massive threat to human health of Alzheimer 's and other neurodegenerative disorders .
The researchers found that the presence of amyloid protein in the rats ' brains activated immune cells .
Rats that received the control protein alone or cannabinoid and a control protein did not show activation of microglia .
Using cell cultures , the investigators confirmed that cannabinoids counteracted the activation of microglia and thus reduced inflammation .
These findings that cannabinoids work both to prevent inflammation and to protect the brain may set the stage for their use as a therapeutic approach for Alzheimer 's disease , de Ceballos said .
The scientists will now focus their efforts on targeting one of the two main cannabinoid receptors that is not involved in producing the psychotropic effects , or high , from marijuana .
MAP posted - by : Richard Lake
11th state in the U.S , with a confirmed case of the current swine flu outbreak .
This probable case has occurred in someone associated with Rocori Middle School in the central Minnesota town of Cold Spring in the U.S. congressional 6th district represented by Republican Michele Bachmann .
Local officials have closed two schools in Cold Spring as a precautionary measure .
Governor Tim Pawlenty and other officials called a news conference at 9 a.m. to discuss the state 's response .
Minnesota Health Commissioner Sanne Magnan , State Epidemiologist Ruth Lynfield and Education Commissioner Alice Seagren were scheduled to be at the news conference and make statements .
Representative Michele Bachmann only two days ago made the inflammatory and highly provocative statement suggesting that swine flu epidemics only happen under Democratic presidents .
Speaking to the conservative media outlet Pajamas TV on Monday , Michele Bachmann noted : " I find it interesting that it was back in the 1970s that the swine flu broke out then under another Democrat president Jimmy Carter .
And I 'm not blaming this on President Obama , I just think it 's an interesting coincidence . "
The problem with her claim , like so many other statements she has made , was that it is historically inaccurate .
A simple fact check or a two - minute trip to Wikipedia.org would have revealed that the last swine flu epidemic in the U.S. occurred in 1976 under Republican President Gerald Ford .
The wikipedia entry includes a very famous photograph of then President Gerald Ford receiving the swine flu vaccine that was developed towards that particular strain .
The outbreak started when an army private died and four others were hospitalized at Fort Dix in New Jersey .
The outbreak was confirmed in just over 200 soldiers and prompted a nationwide vaccination .
Eric Nelson Social Media Pages :
Eric Nelson is freelance writer , an editor at OpEdNews , and a spiritual progressive from Minnesota who has become more politically active .
The reasons for this should be obvious to most ; rising poverty , a broken health care system , and a growing ( more ...
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
That ’s what the Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis thinks is acceptable .
It ’s increasingly unclear why anyone besides Lewis is convinced he is the leader to move the bank forward .
The stock is sitting well below at $ 5.76 , down from a 52 week high of $ 43.46 and it ’s anyone ’s guess how many more surprises exist at Merrill Lynch which he had to purchase .
Even before Merrill , there was the purchase of Countrywide .
The sense of entitlement among CEOs like Lewis simply does not register with the rest of the country .
If the best thing someone can say about you is that “ someone else * could * have lost even more money , it ’s a challenge to see how you can keep your job .
Six months ago , Ken Lewis , chairman and CEO of Bank of America , was heralded as a Wall Street savior , snapping up a tottering Merrill Lynch in a high - stakes deal and ensuring the future of his company while some of the country ’s most storied financial institutions fell apart around him .
In September , Bank of America acquired Merrill for $ 29 a share , or about $ 44 billion , and a seemingly ascendant Lewis bragged to reporters : “ We are good at this . ”
What a difference a few months makes .
Despite a good day Thursday , Bank of America shares have fallen 84 percent since Oct. 1 . The Merrill deal has been scrutinized by Congress and the New York attorney general , and — adding insult to injury — the bank , like some of its top competitors , risks a takeover by the federal government .
In the face of dramatic losses to the company ’s stock price , Lewis , 61 , remains bullishly optimistic .
But many shareholders and observers are far less certain that the bank can weather the storm of the financial crisis .
Laying the blame squarely on Lewis , who succeeded the larger - than - life Hugh McColl in 2002 , some doubt the current CEO will be able to keep his job if the company continues to hemorrhage money , while other investors are calling for his resignation outright .
“ It is going to be very difficult to watch the stock price go from $ 40 to $ 5 and be able to survive that , ” said Paul Miller , a banking analyst at Friedman , Billings , Ramsey & Co . “ This is his baby .
He did the acquisitions of Merrill , Countrywide and LaSalle Bank .
How anyone can make the decisions he made and survive is baffling . ”
Beginning last summer , as pillars of the economy fell , from Countrywide — then the nation ’s largest mortgage lender — to Merrill — a stalwart of the financial services industry —
Lewis bought them up , putting a damper on the bank ’s balance sheet .
Exclusive to STR
March 11 , 2009
Even since U.S. Marine Lieutenant Dan Neubauer crashed his F / A - 18 Hornet into the San Diego home of Dong Yoon on December 8 , 2008 , I have been struck by two obscene phenomena .
No , it was not that the jet incinerated Yoon 's wife , two infant daughters , and mother - in - law as the pilot attempted to land at nearby Miramar Naval Air Station ' as horrible as that is .
Similarly , I was not surprised that the crash destroyed two homes and damaged three others .
Finally , I was not scandalized that the crash was the result of a preventable chain of errors that included negligent maintenance , use of a jet with known fuel - system defects on 146 flights , reckless piloting decisions , failure to follow standard emergency procedures , and refusal to land the jet at a safe location instead of flying over several heavily populated neighborhoods .
I expected no less of our government .
No .
I was stunned by ( 1 ) the bizarre and dangerous reaction of the man whose family was slaughtered and ( 2 ) the alarm and surprise shown by the people who live in the community near the crash site ' my neighbors .
Crash Victim Falls for the Big Lie
First , there is Dong Yoon 's reaction .
When he realized that the Marine pilot had destroyed his family , he said :
" Please pray for him [ the pilot ] not to suffer from this accident .
I know he's one of our treasures for the country , and I . . . do n't blame him .
I do n't have any hard feelings .
I know he did everything he could . "
These statements are chilling for two reasons .
They are not chilling because he forgave the pilot .
After all , Yoon claims to be a Christian , which requires forgiveness .
Furthermore , I understand that people often behave strangely in the midst of traumatic events .
What is breathtaking is that he said , ' I know he 's one of our treasures for the country . '
This is not forgiveness .
It is not grief .
It is the automatic repetition of a vapid political slogan , and it was lifted from the relentless stream of propaganda that has been pounded into our heads for eight years .
Consequently , it is not surprising that it popped immediately from the lips of the devastated Mr. Yoon .
Furthermore , it is a statement that is anything but Christian .
It is the abject worship of killers in uniform , and it is the official philosophy of the U.S. government and its jingoistic apologists on the right and left .
It has been repeated endlessly by the morally bankrupt creatures in the administration of George W. Bush , by his rabid national talk - show cheerleaders such as Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , and Michael Savage , their local San Diego clones , Roger Hedgecock and Rick Roberts , and virtually every local television newscaster ' not to mention local congressional war - worshippers and enablers Duncan Hunter ( R ) , Duncan Hunter Jr. ( R ) , Brian Bilbray ( R ) , Darrell Issa ( R ) , and Susan Davis .
Nonetheless , it is chilling that it was spoken by Mr. Yoon .
If your entire family had just been slaughtered in a reckless , preventable accident , would you call the man responsible a ' treasure for the country ? '
Of course not .
But you would if you , like Mr. Yoon , were suffering from a case of government - induced Stockholm syndrome ' a psychological transformation in which victims become sympathetic with and loyal to their abusers .
In this case , Mr. Yoon defended the pilot who destroyed his family ' incorrectly assuming that the pilot was doing his best .
For those who are familiar with George Orwell 's novel , 1984 , it is a living example of ' doublethink , ' a mode of thought in which two mutually contradictory ideas are held simultaneously and accepted in spite of the contradiction .
In this case , the killer - pilot is also a national treasure .
For those who are not satisfied without an example from Nazi Germany , it was called the ' Big Lie ' in that era .
Adolf Hitler explained the power that the Big Lie held over its victim - believers : '[ they ] would not believe that others could have the impudence to distort the truth so infamously . '
Joseph Goebbels , Hitler 's minister of propaganda , explained that the Big Lie was also useful for propagandists in Great Britain : ' The essential English leadership secret [ the ability to lie ] does not depend on particular intelligence .
Rather , it depends on a remarkably stupid thick - headedness .
The English follow the principle that when one lies , one should lie big , and stick to it .
They keep up their lies , even at the risk of looking ridiculous . '
Ditto for our benighted democracy .
Then again , the first casualty of war is truth , and the lies keep on coming .
It is not my purpose to embarrass Mr. Yoon .
I am merely issuing a warning : even the victims of the welfare - warfare state seem incapable of properly viewing their own government as their chief enemy .
And that puts me and others who oppose the welfare - warfare state at risk .
No thank - you , Mr. Yoon .
Likewise , I am not seeking to further demonize the pilot , Lieutenant Neubauer .
If his conscience is still active , he will resign and carry this memory for his entire life ' unless his grief counselors try to erase his therapeutic guilt feelings with their banal advice , perhaps telling him that he was enrolled in a ' noble cause ' ( remember Abu Ghraib ? ) and that he simply made a mistake .
The rest of us know that the plane crash may not have been his worst personal disaster ; instead , it was his decision to join the U.S. Marines in the first place , where he would be granted the opportunity to commit mass murder on behalf of the world 's largest organized crime syndicate , the U.S. government , led by its virulent nest of politicians .
That decision lies at the root of his troubles , and it put him on the path to his ill - fated flight .
San Diegans Express Alarm for Their Safety
I was also stunned that in response to the jet crash , hundreds of San Diegans from Mr. Yoon 's neighborhood expressed alarm for their personal safety .
My question is :
Where were they when the U.S. government began bombing and shooting Afghan civilians ?
What did they think of ' Shock and Awe ' in Iraq ?
After all , the estimated civilian body count in Afghanistan is over 30,000 , and it ranges between 100,000 and over 1 million in Iraq .
In Vietnam , it was 2,000.000 .
If ' collateral damage ' is just dandy halfway around the world , why are San Diegans so reluctant to cough up their fair share ?
And if all those Afghan wedding party celebrants deserved to die because a tiny group of people in their huge country supported the 9 - 11 terrorists , let 's not forget that some of the 9 - 11 terrorists did their training right here in San Diego .
Why not wipe out the surfers , too , just to make sure ?
You can't be too careful , can you ?
( Thank God that Dubya is not in office to misunderstand a facetious remark .
)
When my fellow San Diegans realize that the U.S. war machine is far more dangerous than anyone living halfway around the world , they will have earned the right to complain about jets crashing in the neighborhood .
But as long as so many of them act as cheerleaders for war , what do they expect ?
After all , one of Mr. Yoon 's neighbors was flying an American flag ( the new symbol of torture , sex abuse , and mass murder ) outside his / her home , as you can see at the end of this video .
Did karma simply miss its target ?
With neighbors like these literally inviting death from the skies , is anyone safe ?
Not surprisingly , some San Diegans were outraged that the 11 families affected by the crash were paid a paltry $ 147,000 .
That 's a lot more than the $ 2,500 - a- head paid to relatives of civilian victims of the U.S. military in Haditha , Iraq or the $ 40,000 paid to Afghan villagers for the death of 15 relatives .
Do the math : $ 2,666 per victim .
At some point , a significant but foolish number of Americans and San Diegans must abandon their sloganeering and go beyond their Top Gun- induced love affair with mass murder and the military .
And speaking of Top Gun and thus Tom Cruise ( BFF of Oprah ) , when will Oprah Winfrey , the Oracle of the Obamatons , begin to realize that Obama voted for Patriot Act 2 , voted to continue funding for the war in Iraq , seeks escalation of the war in Afghanistan , winked at spying on the American people , plans to continue the secrecy shield that cloaks U.S. torture policy and secret renditions , and has contributed to the incendiary rhetoric aimed at Iran ?
He has even abandoned his promise to bring the troops back from Iraq ' now claiming that we must leave 50,000 troops there indefinitely .
It is an uncomfortable fact ' for both the political left and right ' that war is big government .
And both parties are lapping it up .
And apparently , so are San Diegans .
Every year in October , thousands of them show up at the MCAS Miramar Air Show ( once again , of Top Gun fame ) to cheer on the death machine of Mordor ?
Since when did vampires both inside and outside of the coven appear in broad daylight ?
Expect More of the Same ' and Worse
Some of us in San Diego were not surprised that Lieutenant Dan Neubauer crashed his jet into a residential area .
For the past several years , the roar of jets in the area has increased , and pilots appear to derive great joy from the inappropriate use of afterburners over neighborhoods like mine .
After all , ever since Dubya appeared in his ' mission accomplished ' flight suit , they have been empowered ' as if they have an uncle in ' the business . '
Only one question :
What business is it ?
And what kinds of people are joining the U.S. armed forces ?
They are posted in over 700 bases located in about 130 countries .
They are currently engaged in two wars , and their presence has triggered more hatred than they are capable of defending against .
Just ask the crew of U.S. Navy destroyer , U.S.S. Cole .
There it was , the ugly face of the Evil Empire , bristling with advanced death - bringing technologies , and after the fashion of the Millennium Falcon , it was taken out by two men in an inflatable boat on October 12 , 2000 .
And do n't forget to take a look at this recent video of a U.S. trooper lecturing the Iraqi police if you want to see for yourself how our troops inspire love for the United States .
Even worse , our presidents appear to be trying to start even more wars .
What next ?
Iran ?
Korea ?
Venezuela ?
Russia ?
It would be an understatement to say that the military forces of our Evil Empire are overextended .
As former U.N. weapons inspector Scott Ritter has said : ' Empires usually die of indigestion . '
Consequently , we should not be surprised that those who sign up for military service are increasingly unfit for any kind of civilized occupation .
They are overweight , have criminal records , and are poorly educated .
If that 's ' being all that they can be , ' we 're toast .
And Lieutenant Neubauer is part of this trend .
Jet crashes ?
Get used to it ; the politicians in Washington , D.C. already are .
You are collateral damage , sucker .
To bring this essay back home to my earlier essay , ' San Diego Plays ' Sophie 's Choice ' for Fascists , ' it is clear that far too many Americans and San Diegans have betrayed the concept of liberty and have exchanged it for a false and unattainable sense of security .
Consequently , they are now faced with two competing choices '
Sophie 's choice for fascists .
Either they must ( 1 ) abandon the vicious habit of engaging in criminal , pre-emptive wars , which would undermine the unifying principle of militarism , which requires an abundant supply of enemies to finger and hate ( something they seem unwilling to do as ludicrous as that seems ) , or they must ( 2 ) abandon the fiction that the government can and will protect citizens from harm by keeping them safe from crashing military jets and the blowback of our interventionist foreign policy ( which is the sole self - justification of military fascism ) .
Mainstream Media is still worried sick about the brain drain of top - talent from Wall Street .
My advice : do n’t lose any sleep over this one .
A re-balancing of our workforce is a crucial step towards recovery .
Financial firms should not provide 40 % of the S&P 500 ’s earnings , as they did at the peak .
Besides , calling it a brain drain is a stretch .
You see , most of the “ talent ” on Wall Street are really just Sales Guys .
They have fancy titles , and may prefer to think of themselves as deal makers , strategic thinkers , or sound boards ( like Larry Summers , who earned $ 5 + million working as a sound board for a year , only 1 day a week ) .
Anyway , the point is that the stuff they ’re selling does n’t actually contribute much to the economy .
And it frequently does serious damage , as we found out in this most recent bubble .
Traditional loans play an important role in helping the economy grow .
But do we need debt frenzies that wind up funding stock - buybacks , huge bonuses , and unsustainable dividends ( think GE ) ?
Trillions of dollars in exotic acronyms ?
The sale of complex derivatives to local governments , which is costing them dearly now ?
No , no , and no .
What about the traders ?
Yes , they do provide liquidity to markets .
But that benefit is rather small when weighed against bubbles , corruption , and increases in our taxes to pay for bailouts and service the deficit .
Do n’t get me wrong , there are many honest bankers out there , and we need to support those guys , and make sure they do n’t have to keep subsidizing the bad ones .
Examples
A cynical person might ask , are n’t we being blatantly ripped off by these dudes ?
Do you have any examples ?
Why yes , I do .
JP Morgan , for example , sold a LOT of derivatives and complex contracts to local municipalities .
According to Bloomberg , they did not fully disclose the fees involved .
Deals like this probably contributed to Moody ’s downgrade of ALL local governments in the US to negative .
There are countless other factors involved , but JP Morgan demanding these non-disclosed fees from local govs right now ca n’t be helping .
And Moody ’s would never be as crass as to mention that .
Anyway , the Bloomberg piece on the local government debacle is a must - read .
Disclaimer : None of this information is investment advice .
If anything posted here is inaccurate , please use the contact button at the top of the page to let me know .
I will change any incorrect facts or inaccuracies ASAP .
Earlier this year , a NORML - commissioned national Zogby telephone poll revealed that a record 44 percent of American voters — including nearly six out of ten adults on the west coast — now believe that cannabis should be “ taxed and legally regulated like alcohol and cigarettes . ”
Since then , several additional polls have confirmed that the nation ’s support for legalizing marijuana has never been higher , and is fast approaching “ super - majority status . ”
In fact , a recent poll sponsored by Oaksterdam University indicates that support for legalization among Californians has already achieved such vaulted status ( well , almost ) .
Today two more polls are reaffirming America ’s new “ marijuana Zeitgeist . ”
First , in California a new Field Research Corporation poll of 901 registered voters found that 56 percent of voters agree with the statement : “ Legalize marijuana for recreational use and tax its proceeds . ”
According to pollsters , this is the first time ever in a California Field poll that a majority of voters have endorsed regulating the adult use of cannabis .
In February , California Assemblyman Tom Ammiano introduced legislation — Assembly Bill 390 : The Marijuana Control , Regulation and Education Act — to tax the commercial production and retail sale of cannabis .
To date , over 8,000 NORML supporters have contacted their state representatives in support of AB 390 , which is expected to be taken up by the state Assembly early next year .
Nationally , a just - released ABC News / Washington Post poll of 1,072 adults finds that a record 46 percent of all Americans now favor “ legalizing the possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use . ”
This total is more than double the percentage of Americans who responded affirmatively ( 22 percent ) to a similar ABC poll question in 1997 !
ABC NEWS / WASHINGTON POST POLL : HOT - BUTTON ISSUES
via ABCNews.go.com
46 percent of Americans now favor legalizing small amounts of marijuana for personal use , the most in data back to the mid -
1980s and more than double its level 12 years ago .
While 52 percent remain opposed , that ’s down from 75 percent in the late 1990s and 78 percent in 1986 .
The biggest changes in the past two decades are 29 - and 27 - point advances in support for legalization among Democrats and independents , to 49 and 53 percent , respectively .
The slightest : a 10 - point gain among Republicans , to just 28 percent support .
So much for the myth that supporting marijuana law reform is ‘ politically suicidal . ’
In fact , if you are a politician — or President — whose constituency leans Democrat or Independent , it ’s becoming increasingly likely that more of your supporters favor legalization over prohibition , and if you want to stay elected , you should too !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Interviewed by John King on CNN's State of the Union this weekend , former vice president Henry F. Potter Dick Cheney was n't really able to tell us why Republicans like himself should have any credibility whatsoever when it comes criticizing the Obama economic plan , considering how well theirs worked out .
Here 's how theirs worked out :
Here 's how Cheney explained it :
Well , there are all kinds of arguments to be made on that point .
But there 's something that is more important than the specific numbers you 're talking about , and that had to be priority for our administration .
Eight months after we arrived , we had 9/11 .
We had 3,000 Americans killed one morning by al Qaeda terrorists here in the United States .
We immediately had to go into the wartime mode .
We ended up with two wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
Some of that is still very active .
We had major problems with respect to things like Katrina , for example .
All of these things required us to spend money that we had not originally planned to spend , or were n't originally part of the budget .
Stuff happens .
And the administration has to be able to respond to that , and we did .
...
We always said -- I always said that wartime scenario is cause for an exception in terms of spending .
It was appropriate in World War II , certainly , and I think it 's appropriate now .
So his excuse for the sour economy was 9/11 -- which happened six years before the economy started heading south -- and the Iraq invasion -- which turned out not to have been quite as necessary as advertised .
But earlier in the same interview , Cheney had claimed that it was actually all Democrats ' fault :
Well , I do n't follow the news quite as closely as I once did .
But there 's no question that what the economic circumstances that he inherited are difficult ones .
You know , we said that before we left .
I do n't think you can blame the Bush administration for the creation of those circumstances .
It 's a global financial problem .
We had , in fact , tried to deal with the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac problem some years before with major reforms and were blocked by Democrats on the Hill , Barney Frank and Chris Dodd .
Well , there 's no doubt that the Fannie / Freddie debacle was part of the latter stages of the economic debacle .
But an honest and thorough look at the causes of the economic meltdown -- such as that offered by Wall Street Watch earlier this week -- has plenty of blame to pass around , and no small portion of it falls on the shoulders of the Bush administration .
The report found 12 key steps that led to the debacle :
Financial deregulation led directly to the current economic meltdown .
For the last three decades , government regulators , Congress and the executive branch , on a bipartisan basis , steadily eroded the regulatory system that restrained the financial sector from acting on its own worst tendencies .
" Sold Out " details a dozen key steps to financial meltdown , revealing how industry pressure led to these deregulatory moves and their consequences : 1 . 1 . In 1999 , Congress repealed the Glass - Steagall Act , which had prohibited the merger of commercial banking and investment banking .
2 . Regulatory rules permitted off - balance sheet accounting -- tricks that enabled banks to hide their liabilities .
3 . The Clinton administration blocked the Commodity Futures Trading Commission from regulating financial derivatives -- which became the basis for massive speculation .
4 . Congress in 2000 prohibited regulation of financial derivatives when it passed the Commodity Futures Modernization Act. 5 . The Securities and Exchange Commission in 2004 adopted a voluntary regulation scheme for investment banks that enabled them to incur much higher levels of debt .
6 . Rules adopted by global regulators at the behest of the financial industry would enable commercial banks to determine their own capital reserve requirements , based on their internal " risk - assessment models . "
7 . Federal regulators refused to block widespread predatory lending practices earlier in this decade , failing to either issue appropriate regulations or even enforce existing ones .
8 . Federal bank regulators claimed the power to supersede state consumer protection laws that could have diminished predatory lending and other abusive practices .
9 . Federal rules prevent victims of abusive loans from suing firms that bought their loans from the banks that issued the original loan .
10 . Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac expanded beyond their traditional scope of business and entered the subprime market , ultimately costing taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars .
11 . The abandonment of antitrust and related regulatory principles enabled the creation of too - big - to - fail megabanks , which engaged in much riskier practices than smaller banks .
12 . Beset by conflicts of interest , private credit rating companies incorrectly assessed the quality of mortgage - backed securities ; a 2006 law handcuffed the SEC from properly regulating the firms .
It also notes that the behavior was bipartisan : both Republicans and Democrats alike bellied up to the lobbying trough the financial sector created in the decade before the meltdown , and they likewise voted for and approved the policies that followed .
But let 's be clear about this :
This was in every respect a conservative enterprise .
Deregulation is a cornerstone of conservative dogma , and when Democrats have indulged it , it has been their way of establishing their " centrist " or " conservative " bona fides .
Liberals have never favored deregulation except as a sop to conservative conventional wisdom .
Cheney may not want the blame .
But as one of the major figures in power among conservatives in the period during which these ultimately catastrophic decisions were made , history will assign it to him nonetheless -- and deservedly .
How did a company best known for its communications gear manage to get a $ 322 million , no - bid contract to supply the Iraqi military with Russian helicopters ?
Not even the Pentagon can come up with a convincing explanation .
Yesterday , I spent an hour on the phone with two Defense Department officials who tried to explain to me why ARINC , a Maryland subsidiary of the Carlyle Group , managed to become the United States ' largest broker for Russian military aircraft .
They were polite and patient , but the only reason they gave me was that ARINC had some sort of one - of - a- kind , " special relationship " with Russia 's copter - supplier .
E-mails obtained by Danger Room through the Freedom of Information
Act tell a very different story , however .
Let 's review :
For the past year , I 've followed the U.S. government 's involvement in buying Russian - made Mi-17 helicopters for Iraq and Afghanistan to support the global War on Terror ( or whatever it 's called now ) .
Those purchases have included no -bid and limited - competition contracts worth over $ 500 million , all provided to one company , ARINC , despite the company 's modest track record in the field .
ARINC is not typically the provider of aircraft , let alone Russian aircraft , though it did have one foot in the Russian helicopter world — it was on contract in Iraq maintaining some of Iraq 's older Mi-17s ( several other American companies perform similar services ) .
That 's a long way away from buying , modifying and delivering a fleet of new aircraft .
Yet ARINC managed to convince the Defense Department — or more specifically , the Army 's Threat Systems Management Office ( TSMO ) — to give them hundreds of millions in exclusive contracts .
The key , according to e-mails released this week , was ARINC 's assertion that it was the only company capable of buying the helicopters .
It 's a claim that strains credulity , given the number of companies and factories involved in this field ( and the fact you can practically order one online ) .
More troubling , Army contracting officials then worked with ARINC officials to tailor the paperwork to back up this claim and justify a sole - source contract .
" We have gone to great lengths and effort to get these quotes and establish these relationships through legitimate and proper means , " an ARINC employee wrote to Army officials in the summer of 2007 , many months before the contract was awarded .
" They have , once again , reconfirmed that the ARINC Team is the only team has formal approval and formal quotes for these aircraft . "
But , according to e-mail traffic , the letter ARINC actually obtained from the Russian MIL Helicopter Plantto support this claim fell short .
" Seems to me this memo now says 3 companies are supported , " one Army contracting representative wrote , after reviewing a letter from MIL provided by ARINC .
" See how we , the Govt , can communicate with MIL to get what we need . "
" We need MIL to tell us that ARINC is the only distributor for the MI - 17s , " another contracting official wrote .
In yesterday 's conversation , the phrase " special relationship " was repeated several times to explain why ARINC was selected .
But earlier this week , when I asked for a copy of this magical letter from the Army FOIA office ( since many of the other documents had been released to me ) I was told that in fact this letter , in the end , was not the basis of the sole - source , so the letter would n't be released .
It must be a very special relationship indeed .
And a very special letter .
The e-mail traffic about this letter is shocking for what it demonstrates :
The U.S. Army tried to solicit a specific statement from a Russian company , rather than verifying that ARINC — let alone the Russian firm — really was the only authorized supplier .
The Army then created an " urgent requirement " ( PDF ) claiming that the Mi-17s were needed immediately and that only ARINC could supply them .
( The urgency is particularly mysterious , because the Pentagon notified Congress of the possible Mi-17 sale in 2006 ) .
I see two quite serious problems here .
First , MIL is a design bureau , and only a partial owner ( through its parent company ) in the factory that builds the helicopters .
So , we 're talking about an exclusive relationship with a company that does n't really own the helicopters .
The second problem is that the urgent requirement was generated many months after the Army was already in talks with ARINC .
One e-mail from ARINC written to Army officials over the summer of 2007 says the ARINC " proposal addresses the requirements you recently identified to us . "
The ARINC official , in the e-mail , also helpfully tells the Army about its acquisition by the Carlyle Group , which it promised would be " a tremendous boost for ARINC since it brings to us all the resources and clout of a huge conglomerate corporation .... "
In fact , ARINC , according to e-mails it sent , was well aware that other companies were getting price quotes from the Russians .
" Other agencies are attempting to get verbal quotes ( not formal written quotes ) under the guise of a commercial buy , even though the intended purpose is not commercial , " an ARINC official wrote to the Army .
" Our team is the only recognized team that is being honored as a military related purchase and that will have reach back into the factories and design bureau for modification and engineering support . "
The two fine gentlemen on the phone with me yesterday wanted to assure me that everything was a - OK with this deal ( and believe me , my heart goes out to them for this thankless task ) , but they clearly did not understand how the Russian aerospace industry works .
The Russians do not create exclusive agreements with American companies ; they sell to whoever comes to them with a contract and the proven ability to pay .
The officials involved in this sale should have realized one simple thing :
By honoring an " exclusive agreement " rather than seeking multiple quotes , they allowed ARINC and the Russians to dictate the terms , which explains the the sky - high sticker price for the helos .
For those with experience buying and selling Russians weapons , there is n't much surprising about what ARINC did — it 's a common , albeit frowned - upon , practice for foreign companies to solicit letters from Russian and East European officials stating the company is the only authorized supplier .
( In fact , I 've seen one such letter from a Ukrainian weapons agency , as well as a subsequent letter given to another company denying that such an exclusive arrangement exists . )
If someone wants to front me the money , believe me , I 'll incorporate myself in Pottsylvania , call myself Natasha Fatale , and get a letter from Boris Badenov saying I 'm the exclusive American supplier for MiG .
Not surprisingly , a spokesperson for ARINC declined to comment on any aspect of this sale ( I would n't either ; I 'd be planning my dream vacation to the south of France ) .
The Pentagon , for its part , says that the contract was properly awarded .
And , of course , the punchline to this long , involved joke of a contracting process is that ARINC 's Russian choppers have n't been delivered , yet .
In my conversation yesterday , I was told that -— as a result of changes to the modification work — the initial aircraft have been delayed 10 months , and there is likely to be a 5 - 10 percent cost increase above and beyond the $ 322 million contract .
Oh , and the Russians have n't signed the end - user certificate yet , which allows the the helicopters to leave the country and go to the UAE , where the modification work will be done by another Russian company .
Did I mention the Russians have already been paid ?
So , when will ARINC — the super special exclusive , authorized supplier of these helicopters — finally bring them to Iraq ?
As I wrote earlier this week , once paid , the Russians have no particular incentive to deliver on time , or at all .
So , with all due respect to the gentlemen I spoke with yesterday , I 'm guessing , these helicopters are n't showing up anytime soon .
I hope I 'm wrong .
In the meantime , here 's a bit of free advice for the Pentagon about buying Russian weapons :
The first guy that shows up at your door waiving an exclusive agreement is also the first guy you should boot out of your office .
The Russians do n't really give exclusive agreements to American companies , they sell helicopters .
Sorry , you 've been had , not just by the Russians , but by the Americans , too .
And here 's a tip for ARINC on Russian business culture :
The same guys who gave you that nifty piece of paper claiming you were the one and only company authorized to buy the helicopters are the same guys that you have to trust to actually deliver the helicopters after you 've paid for them .
And no , drinking shots of Stoli with the Russians after you sign the paperwork does n't really make you lifelong brothers .
Next time pay on delivery .
And hey , if they do n't think that 's funny , trust me , the Russians do .
[ Photo : U.S. Special Operations Command ]
[ Endnote : Writing about this contract makes my head hurt , so I 'm taking a little break .
Also , I 'm working on a longer article about Mi-17s that I need to finish .
Later this month , however , I 'll be back to discuss TSMO , the obscure little Army organization behind these curious contracts .
And before that , I may return to another favorite topic , Russian tanks !
And at some point , I 'm also going to talk again about the big bear in the room — the fact that all these Russian entities are tied to Rosoboronexport , which is under U.S. sanctions .
And I promise to update with any news — good or bad -— about this helo contract . ]
ALSO :
It 's high time for the second installment of stupid coding tricks !
As we learned from the T - SQL Mandelbrot , a stupid coding trick is n't really about obfuscation per se ... just , well , stupid awesomeness .
Kinda like a quine , except even more useless .
Don Cross was gracious enough to provide today 's example , which teeters on the edge of what many consider " code " .
It 's a Win32 batch file .
Unlike the analogous * nix shell script , batch " programming " comes with an incredibly limited syntax and a miniscule number of commands .
While one can certainly do far more in batch than ever should be done , the technology works well foa shortcut for typing in a bunch of commands .
In fact , the programmability of batch is so limited that discovering the ability to perform " simple arithmetic on 32 - bit signed integers " is worthy of a blog post .
In fact , when I first read that post from Raymond , I remember thinking , hey sweet , more functionality in batch ; so ... now I can do ... err .... what ?
Well , now I can finally answer that question .
Submitted for your approval : pi.bat , a high - precision pi calculator that uses entirely batch commands .
@if defined talk ( echo on ) else ( echo off ) setlocal EnableDelayedExpansion echo.pi.bat - By Don Cross - http://cosinekitty.com set /a NumQuads = 30 set /a MaxQuadIndex = NumQuads - 1 echo. echo. % time % - started echo .
call : PiEngine 48 18 32 57 - 20 239 call : PiEngine 16 5 - 4 239 goto :EOF : PiEngine call : SetToInteger
Pi 0 set Formula= : PiTermLoop if " % 1 " == " " ( call : Print pi echo .
echo .! time ! - finished !
Formula ! echo. goto : EOF ) call : ArctanRecip PiTerm % 2 set /a PiEngineFactor=%1 if ! PiEngineFactor !
lss 0 ( set /a PiEngineFactor *= - 1 set Formula= !Formula ! call : MultiplyByInteger PiTerm !PiEngineFactor !
call : Subtract Pi PiTerm set Operator=- ) else ( call : Multiply ByInteger PiTerm % 1 call : Add Pi PiTerm set Operator= + ) if defined Formula ( set Formula= !
Formula ! !
Operator ! !PiEngineFactor!*arctan ^ ( 1/%2^ ) ) else ( set Formula=pi = % 1*arctan ^ ( 1/%2^ ) ) shift shift goto PiTermLoop : SetToInteger for /L %%i in ( 0 , 1 , !MaxQuadIndex ! ) do ( set /a %1_%%i = 0 ) set /a %1_!MaxQuadIndex ! = % 2 goto :EOF : Print set PrintBuffer=x REM
Omit a couple of least significant quads , because they will have roundoff errors .
if defined PiDebug ( set /a PrintMinQuadIndex=0 ) else ( set /a PrintMinQuadIndex=2 ) set /a PrintMaxQuadIndex = MaxQuadIndex - 1 for /L %%i in (! PrintMinQuadIndex ! , 1 , !PrintMaxQuadIndex ! ) do ( set PrintDigit= !
%1 _ %%i! if ! PrintDigit ! lss 1000 ( if ! PrintDigit !
lss 100 ( if ! PrintDigit ! lss 10 ( set PrintDigit=000 !PrintDigit ! ) else ( set PrintDigit=00 !PrintDigit ! ) ) else ( set PrintDigit=0 !PrintDigit ! ) ) set PrintBuffer=!PrintDigit!!PrintBuffer ! ) set PrintBuffer=!%1_%MaxQuadIndex %!.!
PrintBuffer:x=! echo.%1 = ! PrintBuffer ! goto :EOF : DivideByInteger if defined PiDebug echo.DivideByInteger % 1 %2 set /a DBI_Carry = 0 for /L %%i in (!
MaxQuadIndex ! , - 1 , 0 ) do ( set /a DBI_Digit = DBI_Carry * 10000 + %1 _ %%i set /a DBI_Carry = DBI_Digit % % %2 set /a %1 _%%i = DBI_Digit / % 2 ) goto :EOF : Multiply ByInteger if defined PiDebug echo.Multiply ByInteger % 1 %2 set /a MBI_Carry = 0 for /L %%i in ( 0 , 1 , !MaxQuadIndex ! ) do ( set /a MBI_Digit = %1_%%i * %2 + MBI_Carry set /a %1_%%i = MBI_Digit % % 10000 set /a MBI_Carry = MBI_Digit / 10000 ) goto :EOF : ArctanRecip if defined PiDebug echo.
ArctanRecip %1 %2 call : SetToInteger %1 1 call : DivideByInteger % 1 %2 call : CopyValue AR_Recip % 1 set /a AR_Toggle = - 1 set /a AR_K = 3 : ArctanLoop if defined PiDebug ( echo .
echo.ArctanRecip AR_K=!AR_K !
--------------------------------------------------------- ) call : DivideByInteger AR_Recip % 2 call : DivideByInteger AR_Recip % 2 call : CopyValue AR_Term AR_Recip call : DivideByInteger AR_Term !AR_K ! call : CopyValue AR_PrevSum % 1 if !AR_Toggle !
lss 0 ( call : Subtract %1 AR_Term ) else ( call : Add % 1 AR_Term ) call : Compare AR_EqualFlag %1 AR_PrevSum if !AR_EqualFlag !
== true goto :EOF set /a AR_K += 2 set /a AR_Toggle *= - 1 goto ArctanLoop : CopyValue if defined PiDebug echo.CopyValue % 1 %2 for /L %%i in ( 0 , 1 , !MaxQuadIndex ! ) do ( set /a %1 _ %%i = % 2_ %%i ) goto :EOF : Add if defined PiDebug echo .
Add % 1 %2 if defined PiDebug call : Print % 1 if defined PiDebug call : Print % 2 set / a Add_Carry = 0 for /L %%i in ( 0 , 1 , !MaxQuadIndex ! ) do ( set / a Add_Digit = Add_Carry + %1 _%%i + % 2 _ %%i set /a %1 _ %%i = Add_Digit % % 10000 set / a Add_Carry = Add_Digit / 10000 ) goto :EOF : Subtract if defined PiDebug echo .
Subtract % 1 %2 if defined PiDebug call : Print % 1 if defined PiDebug call : Print % 2 set /a Subtract_Borrow = 0 for /L %%i in ( 0 , 1 , !MaxQuadIndex ! ) do ( set /a Subtract_Digit = %1_%%i - %2_%%i - Subtract_Borrow if !Subtract_Digit ! lss 0 ( set /a Subtract_Digit += 10000 set /a Subtract_Borrow = 1 ) else ( set /a Subtract_Borrow = 0 ) set /a %1 _ %%i = Subtract_Digit ) goto :EOF : Compare if defined PiDebug echo .
Compare % 1 %2 %3 if defined PiDebug call : Print % 2 if defined PiDebug call : Print % 3 set / a Compare_Index = 0 set % 1 =true : CompareLoop if not !%2_%Compare_Index % ! == !%3_%Compare_Index % ! ( if defined PiDebug echo.!%2_%Compare_Index %! neq !
%3_%Compare_Index % !
set % 1 = false goto : EOF ) set /a Compare_Index += 1 if !Compare_Index ! gtr !MaxQuadIndex ! ( if defined PiDebug echo .
Compare equal goto : EOF ) goto CompareLoop REM $ Log : pi.bat , v $ REM Revision 1.2 2007/09/06 21:49:15 Don. Cross REM
Added time stamps and display of formula .
REM REM Revision 1.1 2007/09/06 21:12:36 Don. Cross REM
Batch file for calculating pi REM
As for the output , here 's what came up when I ran it on my machine .
> pi pi.bat - By Don Cross - http://cosinekitty.com
1:42:47.79 - started pi = 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062 86208998628034825342117067982148086 1:43:07.36 - finished pi = 48* arctan ( 1/18 ) + 32*arctan ( 1/57 ) - 20*arctan( 1/239 ) pi = 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062 86208998628034825342117067982148086 1:43:27.26 - finished pi = 16 * arctan( 1/5 ) - 4*arctan(1/239 )
Got a stupid coding trick of your own ?
Well then send it on in !
Reader Andrew Aitken saw the article on the iPhone prototype 's user interface and sent us this : A video detailing a complete — and absolutely cool — Star Trek : The Next Generation makeover for Apple 's cellphone .
I saw your call for a total ST : TNG makeover of the iPhone , and wanted to show you ( and the world ) mine !
It is not completely designed by me , others started the work and I just continued it , or combined several existing models .
I then ported it to winterboard and added my own mods here and there , like the LCARS calculator and SBSettings , as well as sounds and an animated background to make the whole thing look cooler !
I even ported the Enterprise 's computer font — Swiss911 , used for the Library Computer Access / Retrieval System 's interface — to the iPhone .
Click to view
It 's not finished yet , my imagination and photoshop skills have really been put to the test , if this gets out to a wider audience , maybe some ideas would come in ... here it is , so far .
In ‘ jury nullification ’ , a jury in a criminal case effectively nullifies a law by acquitting a defendant regardless of the weight of evidence against him or her .
Until our national politicians show some backbone on the issue of marijuana law reform , it ’s one of the only ways to avoid imposing hideously cruel “ mandatory minimum ” penalties on marijuana users who do n’t deserve to go to prison .
A rural Illinois jury has found one of their peers innocent in a marijuana case that would have sent him to prison .
Loren Swift was charged with possession of marijuana with intent to deliver , and he faced a mandatory minimum of six years behind bars .
According to Dan Churney at MyWebTimes , several jurors were seen shaking Swift ’s hand after the verdict , a couple of them were talking and laughing with Swift and his lawyer , and one juror slapped Swift on the back .
The 59 - year - old was arrested after officers from a state “ drug task force ” found 25 pounds of pot and 50 pounds of growing plants in his home in 2007 .
The Vietnam veteran walks with a cane , has bad knees and feet and says he uses marijuana to relieve body pain , as well as to help cope with post traumatic stress .
This jury exercised their right of jury nullification .
Judges and prosecutors never tell you this , but when you serve on a jury , it ’s not just the defendant on trial .
It ’s the law as well .
If you do n’t like the law and think applying it in this particular case would be unjust , then you do n’t have to find the defendant guilty , even if the evidence clearly indicates guilt .
In jury nullification , a jury in a criminal case effectively nullifies a law by acquitting a defendant regardless of the weight of evidence against him or her .
There is intense pressure within the legal system to keep this power under wraps .
But the fact of the matter is that when laws are deemed unjust , there is the right of the jury not to convict .
Jury nullification is crucially important because until our national politicians show some backbone on the issue of marijuana law reform , it ’s one of the only ways to avoid imposing hideously cruel “ mandatory minimum ” penalties on marijuana users who do n’t deserve to go to prison .
Prosecuting and jailing people for marijuana wastes valuable resources , including court and police time and tax dollars .
Hundreds of thousands of otherwise productive , law - abiding people have been deprived of their freedom , their families , their homes and their jobs .
Let ’s save the jails for real criminals , not pot smokers .
The American public is very near the tipping point where a majority no longer believes the official line coming from Drug Warrior politicians and their friends at the ONDCP , gung - ho narcotics officers protecting their profitable turf , and sensationalistic , scare - mongering news stories used to boost ratings .
They are starting to see through the widening cracks in the wall of denial when it comes to marijuana ’s salutary medical effects on a host of illnesses and its palliative effects for the terminally ill and permanently disabled .
People are coming to realize that not only have they been sold a lie when it comes to marijuana–they ’ve been sold a particularly cruel lie , a self - perpetuating falsehood of epic proportions that has controlled U.S. public policy towards the weed for 70 years now .
The extreme cruelty of the lies told about marijuana by drug warriors is in the effects this culture of fear and intolerance has in the real world –effects like long prison sentences for gentle people who are productive and caring members of society .
Because citizens are coming to this long - delayed realization , we are going to be seeing more and more cases like this where juries have chosen not to punish people for pot .
As this consciousness permeates all levels of society , it is going to get harder and harder for prosecutors to get guilty verdicts in marijuana cases–and that ’s a good thing .
Maybe this is how the war on marijuana ends …
Not with a bang , but a whimper , as cousin T.S. would say .
What You Can Do
If you ever serve on a jury where the defendant is accused of a marijuana crime , do n’t forget about jury nullification .
Tell the other jurors you do n’t have to convict , even if all the evidence points to guilt , if you do n’t agree with the application of the law in this instance .
And if you ca n’t swing your peers to your way of thinking , at least you can cause the jury to return a hung verdict .
– American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) : Drug Policy
– Change The Climate : Time to Tell the Truth About Marijuana
– Drug Policy Alliance : Alternatives to Prohibition and the Drug War
– Marijuana Policy Project
– National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws ( NORML )
“ Jurors should acquit , even against the judge ’s instruction … if exercising their judgement with discretion and honesty they have a clear conviction the charge of the court is wrong . ”
~ Alexander Hamilton , 1804
“ It is not only the juror ’s right , but his duty to find the verdict according to his own best understanding , judgement and conscience , though in direct opposition to the instruction of the court . ” ~ John Adams , 1771
– Article from OpEdNews .
With Brad Friedman & Desi Doyen ...
Desi Doyen Byon 4/9/2009 , 12:00 pm PT
Welcome aboard to our new partner / affiliate : Huffington Post GREEN !
IN TODAY'S AUDIO REPORT :
The electrical grid under cyber - attack ;
No salmon for California fishermen ( again ) this year ; Banning black cars ? ; PLUS : George
Will smacked down , by his own paper ! ....
All that and more in today 's Green News Report !
Got comments , tips , love letters for George Will ?
Drop us a line at GreenNews@BradBlog.com or right here at the comments link below .
All GNRs are always archived at GreenNews .
BradBlog.com .
IN ' GREEN NEWS EXTRA ' ( links below ) : Michelle Bachmann ( R - MN ) , climate expert ? ; Looking to Australia for clues on the effects of climate change ; Another salmonella nut recall --- for pistachios ; Recession causes drop in gasoline use ; PLUS : A breakthrough for algae biodiesel ?.... See below for more !
Info / links on stuff we talked about on today 's episode , plus MORE green news , all follows below ...
' GREEN NEWS EXTRA ' :
More green news not covered in today 's audio report ...
FIRE ’s Guide to Free Speech on Campus focuses on the threat to freedom of expression posed by the imposition of speech codes , under various misleading names , on campuses across the nation .
This Guide identifies the most effective arguments against such codes on private , public , and sectarian campuses , and demonstrates how the mere application of rules of legal equality go a long way to reforming current abuses .
Here students will find the vocabulary with which to combat oppressive codes , regulations , and censorship and the answers to such difficult questions as :
How can I wage a successful campaign against speech codes at my school ?
How do I respond to the claim that colleges and universities must by law adopt policies that restrict speech in the name of combating “ sexual harassment , ” “ racial harassment , ” and other forms of allegedly unlawful discriminatory conduct ?
What are the modern history and current status of the United States Supreme Court ’s view of the nature and scope of the First Amendment ’s protection of free speech and academic freedom , especially as this concept pertains to college and university campuses ?
What is the modern history and current status of the United States Supreme Court ’s view of the nature and scope of academic freedom ?
the pope needs a fact check
A pair of studies shows that not only does abstinence not work , it makes things a lot worse .
Sometimes you hear a person who was given immense authority and is regarded as a very deep and profound thinker say something so shockingly backwards , you start to wonder in what world he ’s living .
Case in point , Pope Benedict XVI who says that using condoms to stem the tide of HIV and AIDS infections in Africa is actually just making things worse and that abstinence - only education is the only way to prevent new cases of these devastating diseases .
Is n’t that the reverse of what a fair bit of data on the subject says ?
One of the primary reasons why the Pope opposes condoms is because they ’re used as a form of birth control and that it somehow goes against the Biblical instructions to go be fruitful and multiply .
There ’s no ban on birth control in the Bible and since we already dominate this planet , it seems that we fulfilled God ’s instructions .
But the Church takes a much more literal view and blames the problems that come from unsafe sex practices and overpopulation on divorce and prostitution as well as our general immorality .
It ’s basically a blame - the - victim mentality .
Their core message is that if humans stopped being so evil and did what the Church tells them , there would be less AIDS .
And that begs the question of how condoms make anything worse .
A study conducted in 1997 analyzed a wide number of HIV transmission studies and found that with good education and consistent use , condoms can lower the risk of infection by up to 95 % .
Subsequent reviews of the obtained results and similar studies by the NIH and the CDC confirm the work of Steven Pinkerton and Paul Abramson who analyzed past meta-studies and adjusted them to track just how effective latex condoms are in preventing HIV infection with proper and consistent usage .
However , the Pope and his spokespeople ignore this data , allege that the use of condoms encourages promiscuity , and say that this drives up the risk of infection since the world population is having sex .
This is a strange allegation to make since the Church is not just encouraging people to have more sex , it urges them not to use tools which can protect them .
In Benedict ’s world though , people would just abstain from sex until they ’re married and when they finally find a spouse , they just have sex with him or her .
Problem solved , right ?
Actually , it really is n’t .
A study by Dr. Janet Rosenbaum meant to evaluate abstinence - only programs like the ones the Pope claimed are the only failsafe way to prevent HIV infection not only fail in their intended mission , they actually make things a lot worse by denying the kids enrolled in them a proper education they could use to significantly lower the risks of spreading STIs .
The specific programs she studied were virginity pledges in which kids promise to abstain from sex before marriage and the results speak for themselves .
Five years after making the pledge , some 82 % of the pledgers denied having ever promising to abstain form sex and had only one less partner than non-pledgers .
Not a good start , is it ?
Even worse , they ’re significantly less likely to use condoms or any other form of birth control since they ’re taught to view them as ineffective under curriculums which are n’t required to have any degree of scientific accuracy more than 90 % of the time .
And those virginity pledges are being developed and conducted by religious organizations so we really can’t expect to have realistic approaches to human sexuality and reproduction .
Most organizations which promote virginity pledges have the same mentality as the Pope .
But the reality is that humans will have sex since it ’s hotwired into them and no matter what we do , we ca n’t make them stop .
I can understand that Ratzinger has a very fervent belief in what he preaches and that if we were all living in a perfect world and only had one sex partner in our entire lives , we could reduce the risks of STIs , unwanted pregnancies and all sorts of psychosexual problems .
However , I ’m also well aware that we do n’t live in a perfect world and the doctrine of subduing human libidos with threats of Hell or divine punishments in the form of disease does n’t work .
I ’ve seen quite a few abstinence - only devotees argue that the short fallings of their programs are just proof that the world needs more abstinence - only education which is essentially saying that if something just is n’t working , we need to keep doing it until it does .
But this view , like the Pope ’s comments , are a huge hazard to public health and the very people they ’re trying to protect as shown by the numerous studies on the subject .
An abstinence - only curriculum coupled with blame - the - victim rhetoric is n’t just ineffective .
It ’s dangerous .
See : Rosenbaum , J. ( 2009 ) .
Patient Teenagers ?
A Comparison of the Sexual Behavior of Virginity Pledgers and Matched Nonpledgers PEDIATRICS , 123 ( 1 ) DOI : 10.1542/peds.2008 –0407
Pinkerton , S. ( 1997 ) .
Effectiveness of condoms in preventing HIV transmission Social Science & Medicine , 44 ( 9 ) , 1303 –1312 DOI : 10.1016/S0277–9536(96)00258–4
Evidence of Global Warming DeLorean Uploaded by DeLorean on Mar 7 , 2009 .
Evidence of Global Warming - Desktop Nexus Abstract Download free wallpapers and background images : Evidence of Global Warming .
Desktop Nexus Abstract background ID 52344 .
Rating : 5.0 Wallpaper Comments ( 6 )
Posted by Saltandvinegar on 06/24/11 at 06:48 AM
Posted by nigel505 on 03/21/11 at 11:20 AM
Posted by realbibob on 12/28/10 at 10:40 AM
Posted by yelllouise on 08/11/10 at 08:51 PM
Posted by IamAgirl on 06/29/10 at 07:49 PM
Posted by tinkerbell54 on 12/27/09 at 03:05 AM View All Comments
Scientist finds evidence of intelligent design in universe
Scientist finds evidence of intelligent design in the universe Apologetics film presents a case for intelligent design By Sarah Giovannini
In the scientific community , the debate over intelligent design versus evolution often attempts to answer a complex question :
Are we an accident ?
The Biola Christian Apologetics Program screened a film entitled “ Privileged Species : How the Cosmos is Designed for Human Life , ” written and directed by John West of The Discovery Institute .
The short film featured Dr. Michael Denton , a biologist and geneticist who finds evidence in nature ...
randfan2014 - in poll Creationism versus Evolution
Atheism may turns ugly
Fanatical atheism is no worse and no better than fanatical religion , though it may be more bitterly ironic .
There is something pretty odd , dare I say hypocritical , about a bunch of people who call themselves “ freethinkers ” and “ humanists ” not only verbally abusing people of faith , but actually tearing up verses from the Bible as an act of protest , as they did on a pier in Huntington Beach , California Saturday morning .
It does n’t sound terribly humane to me , and I am quite sure that destroying texts , however much one may object to them , is the opposite of free ...
RobinT - in poll Creationism versus Evolution
UK Walking Holidays and Cycling Tours
Mickledore specialises in self - guided walking holidays and cycling trips in the UK for the independent traveller .
We provide a flexible service making the arrangements that suit you , leaving you free to enjoy your holiday .
As walkers and cyclists ourselves , our aim is to provide a service of the highest quality and a holiday to remember .
MIAMI ( Reuters ) - Right - wing extremists in the United States are gaining new recruits by exploiting fears about the economy and the election of the first black U.S. president , the Department of Homeland Security warned in a report to law enforcement officials .
A trader sits outside the New York Stock Exchange October 6 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Shannon Stapleton
The April 7 report , which Reuters and other news media obtained on Tuesday , said such fears were driving a resurgence in “ recruitment and radicalization activity ” by white supremacist groups , antigovernment extremists and militia movements .
It did not identify any by name .
DHS had no specific information about pending violence and said threats had so far been “ largely rhetorical . ”
But it warned that home foreclosures , unemployment and other consequences of the economic recession “ could create a fertile recruiting environment for right - wing extremists . ”
“ To the extent that these factors persist , right - wing extremism is likely to grow in strength , ” DHS said .
The report warned that military veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan with combat skills could be recruitment targets , especially those having trouble finding jobs or fitting back into civilian society .
The department “ is concerned that right - wing extremists will attempt to recruit and radicalize returning veterans in order to boost their violent capabilities , ” the report said .
DHS spokeswoman Sara Kuban said on Tuesday the report was one of an ongoing series of threat assessments aimed at “ a greater understanding of violent radicalization in the U.S. ”
A similar assessment of left - wing radicals completed in January was distributed to federal , state and local police agencies at that time .
“ These assessments are done all the time , this is nothing unusual , ” Kuban said .
The Department of Homeland Security was formed in response to the September 11 attacks of 2001 and has focused largely on threats from Islamist extremists .
The report said domestic right - wing terrorist groups grew during the economic recession of the early 1990s but subsided as the economy improved .
Government scrutiny disrupted violent plots following the April 1995 bombing of a federal building in Oklahoma City by Army veteran Timothy McVeigh which killed 168 people .
LONE WOLVES
“ Despite similarities to the climate of the 1990s , the threat posed by lone wolves and small terrorist cells is more pronounced than in past years , ” the report said .
The Internet has made it easier to locate specific targets , communicate with like - minded people and find information on bombs and weapons , it said .
Extremist groups are preying on fears that President Barack Obama , the first African American U.S. president , would restrict gun ownership , boost immigration and expand social programs for minorities , the report said .
It said such groups were also exploiting anti-Semitic sentiment with accusations that “ a cabal of Jewish financial elites ” had conspired to collapse the economy .
“ This trend is likely to accelerate if the economy is perceived to worsen , ” the report said .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- American International Group is set to pay $ 450 million of bonuses to employees of the unit that was largely responsible for the New York insurer 's near collapse last fall .
The decision to pay bonuses elicited howls of protest in Washington , which has prevented the failure of AIG by providing the insurer with more than $ 173 billion in aid .
The federal government now owns 80 % of AIG AIG , - 1.23 % .
Larry Summers , one of President Barack Obama 's top economic advisers , called the payments " outrageous , " and a key House lawmaker , Barney Frank , D. - Mass . , told Fox News that the government should examine whether the bonuses are " legally recoverable . "
Another Democrat , Rep. Elijah Cummings , D. - Md. , renewed his call for AIG Chief Executive Edward Liddy to resign .
Liddy , in a letter to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner dated Saturday , said AIG had committed to paying the bonuses to employees of the financial - products unit and that they were " binding obligations " the company cannot legally rescind .
The first payments are due March 15 .
" I do not like these arrangements and find it distasteful and difficult to recommend to you that we must proceed with them , " wrote Liddy , citing the recommendation from the insurer 's legal counsel .
The payments to 400 employees of the financial - services unit -- some of whom no longer work at the insurer -- were promised last year before the federal government bailout .
Bonuses range from as little as $ 1,000 to as much as $ 6.5 million .
Summers said the government would examine its options , but he acknowledged it might not be able to terminate prior bonus agreements .
" We are a country of law .
There are contracts .
The government cannot just abrogate contracts , " he said in an interview Sunday on ABC 's " This Week . "
AIG is already scheduled to pay $ 121.5 million in incentive payments for 2008 to senior executives and 6,400 of its employees .
And AIG is laying out another $ 619 million for 2009 in retention payments to more than 4,000 employees .
Total expected payments amount to almost $ 1.2 billion .
Regarding future incentive payments Liddy told Geithner the company cannot retain its best employees if their compensation is subject to " continued and arbitrary adjustment by the U.S. Treasury . "
If AIG loses its best employees , he indicated , it would make it harder for the company to recover and help the government recoup its investment .
Liddy also pointed out he wo n't receive a bonus and that the company cut bonus payments for it senior executives .
The top 25 executives in the financial - product unit , moreover , have agreed to accept a salary of just $ 1 for the rest of 2009 , his letter said .
AIG nearly collapsed under the weight of contracts that the financial - products units sold to protect other institutions against losses from securities backed by subprime mortgages .
Since so many financial firms around the world were insured by AIG , the failure of the firm could deal a devastating blow to the global financial system , Treasury and Federal Reserve officials say in justifying the most expensive bailout ever .
Today ’s article comes from Glastonbury , Connecticut .
Dr. Bellinger of CT Spine and Disc Center shares a story from Decembers monthly patient newsletter .
New research is showing that Vitamin D may improve your mind and health in many wonderful ways .
First , let ’s talk about SLEEP …
Benjamin Franklin is famous for many things .
Maybe you ’ve heard of that little kite flying incident . 
He is also famous for saying , “ WASTE not life ” and “ There will be sleeping enough in the grave . ”
More than 200 years later , the attitude towards sleep in America has not changed .
Many people are up at the crack of dawn or answering emails at 3 a.m. on their “ crack - berry ! ” Franklin ’s quote has even been modernized to read …
“ I ’ll Sleep When I ’m Dead ! ”
Sleep enhances performance , learning and memory .
Most of all , sleep improves creative ability to generate aha !
moments and to uncover novel connections among seemingly unrelated ideas
Changing Attitudes
Circadian Rhythm
“ Losing Their Rhythm Cost Them A Lot ”
The Health Benefits Of Vitamin D !
How Much Vitamin D ?
“ There is a cultural bias against sleep that sees it as akin to shutting down , or even to death , ” explains Dr. Jeffrey Ellenbogen , a Neurologist at Harvard Medical School and Director of the Sleep Laboratory at Massachusetts General Hospital .
Most people , Dr. Ellenbogen says , think of the sleeping brain as similar to a computer that has “ gone to sleep ” — it does nothing productive .
Dr. Ellenbogen ’s research at Harvard indicates that after sleep , people are 33 percent more likely to infer connections among distantly related ideas , and yet , as he puts it , these performance enhancements exist “ completely beneath the radar screen .
” In other words , people are more creative after sleep , but they do n’t know it .
Business attitudes toward sleep may be starting to shift .
Claire Stapleton , a spokeswoman for Google , says “ grassroots ” interest in sleep led to an on -campus talk by Sara C. Mednick , a napping expert .
Google also installed EnergyPods , leather recliners with egg - like hoods that block noise and light , for employees to take naps at work .
But there is something much more important than just a nap and the total number of hours slept .
Even more important is the …The circadian rhythm is an internal clock that guides our daily cycle from sleep to wakefulness – and back to sleep again .
But now researchers at Stanford think it may be doing much more .
Working with Siberian hamsters , biologist Norman Ruby has shown that having a functioning circadian system is critical to the hamsters ' ability to remember what they have learned .
“ Without it , ” he said , " They can't remember anything .
" Like all other animals , Siberian hamsters normally develop what amounts toabout their environment .
But when Ruby interrupted their circadian system , the hamsters failed to demonstrate the same evidence of remembering their environment as hamsters with normally functioning circadian systems .
Until now , it has never been shown that the circadian system is crucial to learning and memory .
This finding has implications for diseases that include problems with learning or memory deficits , such as Down Syndrome or Alzheimer 's disease .
The work is described in a paper published Oct. 1 online in the early edition of the .
Ruby is lead author on the paper .
And here ’s something very interesting : According to one of the researchers , “ We thought it might be possible to wipe out circadian rhythms and eliminate the rhythm in learning , but that the animals could still learn something .
But they do n't .
That is what was so surprising .
They actually can't remember anything .
Losing their rhythms costs them a lot .
” And it is not about the overall number of hours slept .
It is about WHEN : " More and more research is showing But first … onward to …Once linked to only bone diseases such as rickets and osteoporosis , Vitamin D is now recognized as a major player in contributing to overall human health , emphasizes UC Riverside 's Anthony Norman , an international expert on Vitamin D. In a paper published in the August issue of the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition , Norman identifies Vitamin D's potential for contributions to good health in the adaptive and innate immune systems , the secretion and regulation of insulin by the pancreas , the heart and blood pressure regulation , muscle strength and brain activity .
In addition , access to adequate amounts of Vitamin D is believed to be beneficial towards reducing the risk of cancer .
Norman also lists 36 organ tissues in the body whose cells respond biologically to Vitamin D .
The list includes bone marrow , breast , colon , intestine , kidney , lung , prostate , retina , skin , stomach and the uterus .
According to Norman , .
Already , Vitamin D deficiency is associated with
" It is becoming increasingly clear to researchers in the field that Vitamin D is strongly linked to several diseases , " said Norman , a distinguished professor emeritus of biochemistry and of biomedical sciences who has worked on Vitamin D for more than 45 years .
" Its biological sphere of influence is much broader than we originally thought .
The nutritional guidelines for Vitamin D intake must be carefully reevaluated to determine the adequate intake , balancing sunlight exposure with dietary intake , to achieve good health by involving all 36 target organs .
"
" To optimize good health , you must have enough Vitamin D , " Norman said .
" Vitamin D deficiency is also especially of concern in third world countries that have poor nutritional practices and religious customs that require the body to be covered from head to toe .
Ideally , to achieve the widest frequency of good health by population , we need to have 90 percent of the people with adequate amounts of Vitamin D. " The Whileimpacts health negatively , ingestion of extremely high doses of Vitamin D can cause hypercalcemia , a condition in which the blood 's calcium level is above normal .
The highest daily “ safe ” dose of Vitamin D is 10,000 IU .
Source of Photo : Flick.com : oceano Mare
Visit Arc4life.com for your online selection of support neck pillows , orthopedic pain relief products and Home traction units
Bookmark this on Delicious
Stumble It !
Sets are sorted by date and popularity and it's up to you to vote for ones you like .
As a user new sets / stories you post will go to the unpublished stories page until enough people vote for it to go to the main page .
We encourage you to publish stories that link as directly as possible to the music and to explain why the set is relevant to the ongoing story of techno .
We will try not to send readers to files hosted on cheesy time delay upload sites and we encourage you to do the same .
If you have problems please leave a comment here or send a message to admin@DETROITinstitute .
ORG
Well it ’s been a while !
For those of you who have n’t given up checking in now and then , I ’d just like to say a big thanks and holy crap you ’re persistent !
Cheers
Mike
Digg it | Stumble it | del.icio.us | reddit
Maggie is just too damn good at this art .
She should really start selling some of these .
The whole internets is taking notice to her art work and everyone wants a piece of it .
This time she has made a sackgirl of Kai from Heavenly Sword .
It comes in at a height of 13.5 inches and a weight of over 1 pound .
As with every sackboy / girl creation , her atention to detail to the inspiration video game character is perfect .
I ’m defenitely going to try and get Maggie on PixelatedLIVE sometime in the near future so we can all learn more about her and her process to make a Sackboy / girl .
More pictures ater the break
Introduction and Related Info
NVIDIA has gotten a lot of mileage out of their G92 GPU architecture .
Starting with the GeForce 8800 GT , which featured a 65nm variant of the G92 GPU , on up through the GeForce 9800 GTX + , which used an updated version manufactured on a more advanced 55 nm process .
The G92 GPU has been featured on no less than seven different GeForce branded desktop graphics cards , not to mention the slew of mobile GeForces based on the G92 that are also in production .
Although it has been around for quite some time now , NVIDIA is launching yet another graphics card based on the G92 today , the GeForce GTS 250 .
The GeForce GTS 250's name suggests it is something new , but it is not entirely different from some previous GeForce 9800 series graphics cards .
Instead , what NVIDIA is doing today is using the GeForce GTS 250 launch to align more of their product stack with the new nomenclature introduced with the GeForce GTX series , and to introduce a value - priced G92 - based graphics card with a 1GB frame buffer .
Take a look ...
EVGA GeForce GTS 250
NVIDIA GeForce GTS 250 Specifications and Features
Looking closely at the spec list above , you 'll note that the GeForce GTS 250 is a lot like a GeForce 9800 GTX + , just with a larger frame buffer and a new name .
In terms of the underlying technology behind NVIDIA 's G92 family of GPUs , as well as detailed explanations on many of their features , we 'd suggest perusing a couple of the following HotHardware articles regarding NVIDIA 's previous and current GPU architectures :
Our GeForce 8800 GTX launch article goes in depth on NVIDIA 's previous generation G80 GPU architecture , which is fundamentally very similar to the G92 , save for its wider memory interface , and explains NVIDIA 's CUDA GPGPU technology .
Also , our GeForce 8800 GT and 8800 GTS 512MB articles cover much of the technology employed in NVIDIA 's G92 GPU architecture , and the GPU PhysX Pack Preview details some of the features and capabilities offered by NVIDIA 's PhysX physics acceleration technology .
3958949 story
basementman writes " I recently purchased a 10 inch white MSI wind .
As you can see it 's a small computer and it's good for what I use it for .
I get a lot of comments from women saying it is ' cute ' or ' adorable . '
Not the good kind of cute that will get me the attention I want though , the kind of cute that says they think I have a different presence than I actually want to portray .
So how can I make my netbook more manly , or at least have some witty line to respond to the their comments ? "
Hopefully basementman did n't get a netbook with the hopes of it getting him some action , but what cool mods ( or witty one - liners ) have others used to salvage their dignity from hardware that is " a good size " ?
Google Reader is getting more social this evening , with the addition of comments to your friends ' shared items .
To get to the feature , you first need to drill down to your Friends ’ Shared Items , then click “ Comment View . ”
From there , you ’ll be able to add comments to any of your friends ’ shared items , and also see which of your friends have recently commented on stuff .
This feature has some interesting implications for bloggers and aggregators like FriendFeed .
Since Google Reader displays the full - text of RSS feeds , the “ Comments ” feature essentially acts much like the comments on blogs and provides a disincentive to actually visit the website to share your thoughts .
On the other hand , it is friends - only , creating what Google is calling in effect a “ private conversation ” that might be different from what you see on publicly visible blog comments .
That said , Comments are n’t exportable at this time , meaning they wo n’t show up on services like FriendFeed , where Google Reader shared items are visible as just a headline , and a Note if the user has chosen to include one .
Often , this leads to lots of conversation around the items , but it seems like part of that conversation could now stay within Google Reader .
For now , the implementation is a bit awkward .
For example , you ca n’t comment on stories from the “ All Items ” view , which includes selected friends ’ shared items in addition to the feeds you subscribe to , and is where I spend most of my time in Google Reader .
However , Google says they have “ much more planned for this feature , ” meaning we could see comments show up in lots more places soon .
It ’ll be interesting to see the reaction to this from bloggers .
Hopefully Google decides to make comments exportable , so we can include them in the commenting section of blogs , the way we currently do here on Mashable with our “ social media comments ” feature .
We ’d love to know what you think about this feature .
Let us know your thoughts in our comment area :)
More Google Reader Resources
Word of the week : drink driving
n drunk driving .
The art of driving a car whilst intoxicated : Sarah ’s stuck at home right now , she got done for drink driving last week .
Why the Brits chose a phrase that does n’t make linguistic sense , I am not entirely sure .
Details
Weekly Word Get a British word a week in your inbox .
Amaze your friends .
Offend your relatives .
Leave this field empty if you 're human :
This post is a part for dzineblog ’s interface design inspiration series , the series which focuses on inspiration on graphic user interface designs that will help you in enhancing your interface design skills ,
Sometimes Before footers were used for the copyright notice and secondary navigation .
Most footers are rather boring and uninspiring .
Designers often use the bottom area to mention everything they have n’t found place for at the top of the site .
E.g. disclaimers , W3C - buttons , copyright but etc , now In a lot of sites , footers are no longer a single line copyright text and / or a simple secondary navigation ;
They count as a factor every web designer needs to pay attention to when designing , just like to any other element .
Each footer is unique and has its own role of the site .
I have collected 30 Beautiful Footer Designs around the web , each with different style and content .
Some of the examples here use visual elements to make the design of the footer more interesting , and others are simply providing navigation or information in the footer
It 's not ' swinging ' and it's not about cheating on your partner .
But could it spell the end for monogamy ?
William Leith talks to ' polys ' - the couples who have agreed to share their love with significant others
I 'm talking to Danella Shea , a polyamorist from Medford , Oregon .
Danella is 53 , and runs a pre-school centre with her husband , Michael , 45 , also a polyamorist .
Danella and Michael are , they tell me , happily married , but they also like having sex with other people , and so , with each other 's permission , they do .
That 's polyamory .
But when I say ' having sex ' , I might be missing the point .
What Danella and Mike want is more love and intimacy than they can get from a monogamous relationship .
They are not interested in being unfaithful .
Neither do they want to be promiscuous .
What they like is having a relationship .
They like relationships so much , you might say , that they want to have more than just one .
' This is not swinging , ' says Danella .
' It 's not polygamy , ' says Mike .
People get confused between polygamy and polyamory .
This is not about one male and three females . '
If monogamy is , as the psychotherapist Adam Phillips says , our secular religion , polyamory is the latest heresy .
In a way , it is infidelity without betrayal - or , at least , without the most obvious sort of betrayal .
But in another way , it 's not like being unfaithful at all , because its practitioners , at best , actively want their partners to take other lovers .
Sometimes they want to join in , too .
Hold on a minute , though .
This is not like the classic male fantasy of the threesome , which comes from a promiscuous mindset .
Threesome fantasies are about having more sex .
Polyamory , as polyamorists are fond of saying , is about having more love .
When you talk to polyamorists , they sound strangely calm and beatific , like mountaineers or mathematicians sometimes do - people who have grasped at something fiendishly complicated and scary , and rendered it simple and safe .
Frankly , they do not always sound believable .
But then , I come from planet monogamy .
Heresies such as polyamory , quite naturally , make me feel edgy and defensive .
I mean , what would happen if people could have more than one relationship , and nobody really minded ?
The world as we know it , surely , would collapse .
Imagine coming home and finding a note from your wife saying that she was sleeping with one of your mates .
It would drive you nuts .
But what if you could sleep with your mate 's wife at the same time ?
That would drive you nuts , too .
And him , for God 's sake .
And what about everybody 's kids ?
What about the jealousies and time management ?
These are my initial thoughts on polyamory .
And , as it turns out , they are more or less everybody else 's initial thoughts , too .
Michael and Danella ask me to be sure to change names other than theirs , because some of their polyamorous partners are not ' out ' , and they worry about censure , not to mention issues of child custody .
Like many polyamorous men , Michael is ' out ' ; like many women in the same situation , Danella is not .
As always , when it comes to modern sex , men are in a less precarious position ; they have less to lose .
Danella , from an Italian family on the east coast , is only partly out of the closet ; her family do n't know .
' My mother is still alive , ' she says , ' and if she found out , she 'd probably say , " to each his own " .
But my brothers would probably hound the hell out of her . '
People tend not to understand the concept of loving more than one person .
It messes with the whole scheme of things .
' They see sexual intimacy as something that should only take place between single partners , ' says Danella .
When it comes to partner - sharing relation ships , evolutionary psychologists , in one respect , agree with Danella 's brothers ; it 's not the way of the world .
As David Buss , professor of psychology at the University of Michigan , and a leading thinker on the culture of human mating , points out , ' there are no cultures in which men are not sexually jealous ' .
Anthropologists , perhaps driven by idealism , have sometimes believed that some societies encouraged partner - sharing ; subsequent research has always shown this not to b true .
For instance , the Marquesa Islanders were touted as an example of a polyamorous society until it was discovered that everything depended on men giving permission to other men to sleep with their wives ; without this permission , the woman was beaten , and sometimes killed .
Similarly , it was once thought that the Inuit shared their wives liberally ; it turned out that this happened only in rare situations ;
Inuit men it seemed , were as jealous as men everywhere and frequently killed their wives in jealous rages
And if you think about it , this makes evolutionary sense ; until the age of DNA testing , men could never be absolutely sure that the children their female partners bore were their own ; the evolution of male jealousy is a brute fact .
Polyamory then , is not a natural state .
As David Buss put it : ' there are no paradises populated with sexually liberated people . '
But if partner - sharing is not a natural state , nor is monogamy .
This is where evolutionary psychologists part company with Danella 's brothers .
Faithful pair - bonding for life between two people was not the norm in the Stone Age , and , arguably , it 's not the norm now , in an era when half of marriages end in divorce .
A brief look at Darwin tells us why .
In order to replicate his genes , the best thing a Stone Age man could do was to impregnate a woman , and provide resources to protect her and her offspring , while trying to impregnate as many other women along the way as possible .
And how much have we evolved since the Stone Age ?
Possibly not at all , genetically speaking .
As David Buss puts it , ' The picture is not a very pretty one , but humans were not designed by natural selection to coexist in matrimonial bliss .
They were designed for individual survival and genetic reproduction . '
Seen this way , monogamy is a form of civilisation - an attempt to control the rampant promiscuity and gender warfare that is man 's natural state .
And it has its advantages - it creates family structure , naming systems , and accountability .
It 's a response to the invention of property and money , too .
Monogamy is an enabling tool for the inheritance of goods .
So maybe it 's not natural , but simply useful as a way of bringing order to a chaotic world .
And that 's what 's interesting about polyamorists .
Talk to them , and the thing they stress , above all , is the importance of order , of ' boundaries ' .
As Michael tells me , polyamorists often rank their lovers according to a hierarchy .
' People talk about having primary , secondary , and tertiary lovers , ' he says .
' Primary often includes sharing finances .
Secondary might mean living together .
Tertiary might be seeing someone once a month . '
' These are things that get discussed , ' says Danella .
' You have to set up boundaries .
For instance , safer sex . '
Some polyamorists create ' relationship documents ' , detailing who they 've been with , when , and in what circumstances .
Michael and Danella tell me that , since they moved to Medford from San Diego in the last few months , they 've been ' dating ' other couples in the area , but nothing has happened so far .
One couple made it clear that they were only interested in a ' quad ' relationship - when both couples find their counterparts attractive .
But there was ' not enough compatibility . '
So , at the moment , as a couple , they 're single .
Nan and John , both 48 , a middle - class couple from New Jersey , are married .
Julio , 36 , and Amy , 45 , are both unmarried and each lives nearby .
Nan and John live with their two children - Adam , 20 , and Julia , 17 .
Together , Nan and John and Julio and Amy form two new couples .
At the weekends , John sleeps with Amy , while Nan sleeps with Julio .
Amy and Julio are not sexually involved .
' I 'm in love with two men , ' says Nan , a psychotherapist , ' and I sleep with them both - separately .
For me , finding love with someone new does n't mean finishing my existing relationship with a man I 've loved for years , and still do . '
One of the good things is that Nan likes Amy , who works as a pet - sitter .
' She 's Jewish , like me - smart , grounded , and sensible .
I really warmed to her when I discovered she saves coupons and manages her money like I do .
Amy is a far better listener than I am and gives John the attention he deserves .
We 're close friends and I love comparing notes with her about John .
We laugh about the things he does that drive us both crazy . '
John , a lawyer , met Amy at a relationship workshop .
' The attraction was instant and obvious to everyone there , including Nan , ' he says .
I immediately wanted to be alone with her - there 's an incredible sexual spark between us .
But we " polys " are just like anyone else - civilised , polite , and appropriate . '
John ponders for a second and says , ' People always ask me to compare Nan and Amy , but I refuse .
I love them both for being the unique , amazing women they are ' .
The biggest misconception about polyamory is that it equals promiscuity .
People assume that we have no boundaries .
We do - they 're just the ones that we 've put in place .
For me , the golden rule is that we all look after each other .
A set - up like ours is a delicate thing , so we need to be gentle with it . '
' There are times when I find it challenging , ' says Nan . John , her husband , had been having a relationship with Amy , for eighteen months before Nan met Julio .
' Amy would come to our house and I 'd sleep alone in our room while Amy and John took the guest room .
One night I went to the bathroom and caught a glimpse of them making love , which made me feel sad and jealous . '
Things changed when Julio came on the scene .
' Sex with John , ' says Nan , 'is consistent and sweet ; he 's an amazing lover .
Julio is very different .
Our relationship is newer , so it feels more exciting and less certain .
He 's charming , charismatic and full of energy .
We often have sex a few times a day , experimenting with different positions .
If I really like one , I share it with John the next time we 're alone together . '
So does John get jealous too ?
' Seeing Nan with her first polyamorous boyfriend was hard at first : I was intensely jealous , ' he says .
' But that faded .
Not that I do n't still have moments of jealousy - it never completely goes away , but it does subside .
' For me , the hardest part of our arrangement is when I feel I 'm letting either Nan or Amy down .
However organised I try to be , I find life is a juggling act - with work , the children , Nan and Amy - and there are moments when something has to give .
It was also very difficult when our children were younger and some of their friends found out about our lifestyle .
The idea that our choices were in any way a source of pain to them really stung . '
In many ways , then , polyamory has a lot in common with monogamy - it 's a way of imposing some order on the untidiness of human emotions that sometimes works , and sometimes does n't .
But in a polyamorous world , the stakes are higher - there is more scope for things to go wrong .
Like Mike Shea , Julio has always seen himself as a ' poly ' .
' To anyone considering becoming polyamorous : think about it very carefully , ' he says .
People imagine it will be the perfect solution - that they 'll get one thing they need from one person , and something else from another .
To a certain extent , that 's true .
You do get twice as much good stuff , but you also get twice as many problems .
A situation like ours is fraught with ambiguity and misunderstanding , which can make for a rocky road . '
But this is a rocky road which more and more people are taking .
It 's also a lifestyle that might have been made with the internet in mind ; there are lots of sites in which people chat about their polyamorous activities , tout for new partners , and discuss the welter of new problems polyamory brings .
Who , for instance , do you spend Christmas with ?
What if two partners clash over decor ?
One woman complains that , since her polyamorous group bought a house together , the two men in the group have become territorial .
There are some problems you can see straight away .
Polyamory can be led by the male desire to have sex with more people , but men are often hurt more than they thought they would be when their wife or girlfriend follows suit .
You could see that coming , could n't you ?
After all , according to David Buss , a man who wants to stray need not be unhappy with his relationship ; a straying woman , however , is almost always dissatisfied .
And there are some things about polyamory you might never have thought of .
Often , a ' quad ' relationship starts well - each man loving each woman , and vice versa .
But the women in the group are far more likely , when a bond has been formed , to experiment with each other than the men are to do likewise .
' The men want brotherhood , ' Danella tells me , ' but not a sexual relationship .
But the women connect more sexually . '
So what accounts for polyamory ?
You just have to look at the websites : it 's because monogamy is n't working like it used to .
Peter , a 38 - year - old mortgage adviser from Kent , says : ' I have a wife , a girlfriend , whom I love as much as my wife , and a lover .
I consider all of them to be a part of my life .
If I did n't have this sort of set - up , I would be going around being unfaithful to my wife , and I would have to lie to her all the time . '
For Danella , ' I was married and divorced twice , then lived with someone for seven years .
But all of these relationships were n't truly monogamous .
The motto of monogamy today is different .
I asked one of my partners to consider an open marriage , but he said " no way " .
But cheating was all right !
So , for me , this is about honesty . '
In the end , this new wrinkle in the sexual revolution seems to have been inevitable .
We live in a world of affluence ; we are always being encouraged to want more .
Advertising and body - fascism and celebrity culture make people feel anxious and needy ; the constant pressure on our sense of identity makes us want to reinvent ourselves all the time .
There 's a lot of pressure ; no wonder monogamy is cracking .
Danella says , 'have you heard of the Cinderella Complex ?
How the woman has been programmed to believe that if she only finds the right man , she 'll live happily ever after ? '
And then she says , ' There is no happy ever after . '
Conficker ( C ) was programmed today to actively visit 500 out of 50,000 randomly generated web addresses to receive new instructions on how to behave .
Conficker has begun to do this , according to security company F - Secure , but so far no doomsday scenarios have emerged .
According to security experts , the consensus seems to be that very little will happen today .
This may be in part because of the high amount of publicity Conficker has received and many PC users followed instructions on how to protect their systems from this potential threat ;
Make sure your Antivirus is updated with the latest virus definitions
Make sure your Windows OS has the latest patches
Where do we go from here ?
Similar trigger dates have already passed with little change , including January 1 , according to according to Phil Porras , a program director with SRI International .
Security experts at Symantec , the maker of Norton Antivirus , also believe the threat is overblown and says Conficker today will “ start taking more steps to protect itself ” and “ use a communications system that is more difficult for security researchers to interrupt . ”
While today may be a non-event , Conficker could be used to create harm in the future .
Make sure you keep your Antivirus and Windows up to date !!!
Surfing the Internet for fun while at work actually increases employee productivity , insists Dr. Brent ( Goof - off ) Coker , a researcher from the Department of Management and Shirking at Australia 's notoriously laid - back University of Melbourne .
The press release is dated April 2 , so I am presuming -- as should you -- that this " research " is being presented in good faith .
" People who do surf the Internet for fun at work - within a reasonable limit of less than 20 % of their total time in the office - are more productive by about 9 % than those who do n't , " he says .
" Firms spend millions on software to block their employees from watching videos on YouTube , using social networking sites like Facebook or shopping online under the pretense that it costs millions in lost productivity , however that 's not always the case . "
Dr. Coker even has a catchy acronym for the behavior he 's championing : WILB , which stands for " workplace Internet leisure browsing . "
Try this one next time a supervisor gives you the stink - eye for having YouTube open on your desk : " Back - off , boss , I 'm WILBing here ... and it's good for the bottom line . "
Dr. Coker 's conclusions were based on a survey of 300 workers , 70 percent of whom were dedicated enough to their jobs and employers to surf the Internet for fun while on the company dime .
The gist of his theory is that employees " need to zone out for a bit " in order to maximize their effectiveness .
In all seriousness , there 's little reason to doubt the general point : Productive workers need periodic breaks , both physical and mental .
However , what about that 30 percent of workers who are cheating the company by not taking their therapeutic surfing breaks ?
Seems to me they 're taking a huge risk in this down economy that has a new round of layoffs being announced every day .
Mandatory surfing breaks ?
I think I 'm on to something here .
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
I Used Thermal Adhesive Instead of Thermal Paste ! OMG
I recently built my brother a computer and I ordered what I thought was thermal paste off Newegg .
Instead , it was thermal adhesive .
Now , people are saying that if I try to remove the heatsink , I will pull my CPU right out of the socket !
Any suggestions on how to get this stuff off without spending money or breaking anything ?
Can Netbooks Run 3D Games ?
Hello all I was thinking of buying a netbook .
I was wondering if any Netbooks were capable of running 3D games like Assassin ’s Creed , Prince of Persia ( 2008 ) , etc .
The Golden Oldie
Each week we ’ll pick a Top Tip from the past for your reading enjoyment .
Fios and Wireless
I am looking to get Verizon Fios for my apartment it may be stupid but I was wondering if anyone knew if you can attach a wireless router to Fios ?
I looked on the Fios site and I could n’t find it .
I have three Macs and I saw on the Fios site that Fios does not support Macintosh Wireless .
I wonder if that means that it just does n’t support Apple ’s Airport Extreme Base Station .
Tech Support : Cries for Help !
If you have a moment please be a good Samaritan and drop by with your input into the problems these folks are trying to figure out .
Any Good Non-Brand SSD Storage ?
I read some good reviews on some sites .
Not sure if it ’s a good buy considering there are tons of other SSD brands out there .
From my experience , name brands just mark - up way too much .
Any input would be most appreciated !
Gaming Headsets but Rather Use the Speakers
I am looking to purchase a gaming headset , after building a new computer primarily for gaming .
I was looking for a headset similar to the Xbox 360 one , where the game / computer sounds still come from the speakers , but the communication comes through the headset .
I was just wondering because I bought a nice speaker system with my computer , and would like to keep using it .
My Echo Lacks the What I Need
Can I tweak , jimmy , hack , or reconfigure my Echo Indigo sound card to sound better than it does now ?
But I do n’t know if I ’m getting to use all of it ’s potential .
Is there any way to reconfigure , hack , or tweak this thing for my laptop ?
I mean I thought , from all the good reviews I read , I ’d have the epitome of good , strong bassy sound , but the sound I get is actually weaker than the DFX plug - in I installed months after , at one quarter of the price !
How do I use all this card ’s features to their fullest extent ?
I mean , I listen to a lot of Lounge , down - tempo , and drum / bass on an XP , so maybe I ’m expecting too much , from this laptop card , I do n’t know .
So , please if there ’s a way to use this thing to full capacity , either by adjusting something on the card or my laptop , let me know !
" Love the animals : God has given them the rudiments of thought and joy untroubled . "
~ Fyodor Dostoyevsky
" An animal 's eyes have the power to speak a great language . "
~ Martin Buber
" Most pets display so many humanlike traits and emotions it 's easy to forget they 're not gifted with the English language and then get snubbed when we talk to them and they do n't say anything back . "
~ Stephenie Geist
" Until one has loved an animal , a part of one 's soul remains unawakened . "
~ Anatole France
Photo Credits : Tigers Deluxe , Salvador Sabater , Howard Ruby , Marina Cano and others .
Photo copyright belongs to photo authors .
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
The rocks date to a time of dramatic glaciation on Earth Traces of animal life have been found in rocks dating back 635 million years .
The evidence takes the form of chemical markers that are highly distinctive of sponges when they die and their bodies break down in rock - forming sediments .
The discovery in Oman pushes back the earliest accepted date for animal life on Earth by tens of millions of years .
Scientists tell Nature magazine that the creatures ' existence will help them understand better what the planet looked like all that time ago .
" The fact that we can detect these signals shows that sponges were ecologically important on the seafloor at that time , " said lead author Gordon Love , from the University of California , Riverside .
" We 're not saying we captured the first animal ; we 're saying they 're an early animal phylum and we 're capturing them when their biomass was significant . "
Tiny creatures
Researchers can usually determine the presence of ancient life in rock strata by looking for the fossilised remains of skeletons or the hardened record of the creatures ' movements , such as their footprints or crawl marks .
But for organisms deep in geological history that were extremely small and soft bodied , scientists have had to develop novel techniques to uncover their existence .
Sponges are among the simplest multi-celled organisms
One of these newer methods involves detecting breakdown products from the lipid molecules which act as important structural components in the cell membranes of animals .
Over time , these will transform to leave a molecule known as cholestrane ; and for sponges , this exclusively takes the form known as 24 - isopropylcholestane .
Dr Love 's team found high concentrations of this biomarker in rocks located at the south - eastern edge of the Arabian peninsula .
They were laid down in what would have been a shallow marine environment at least 635 million years ago .
" Even though there must have been sufficient oxygen in the water to maintain the metabolism of these primitive animals , I think their size would have been restricted by oxygen being nowhere near modern values , " the UC Riverside researcher said .
" We 're probably talking about small colonies of sponges with body dimensions of a few millimetres at most .
They 'd have been filtering organic detritus in the water column . "
Icy planet
The discovery is fascinating because it pre-dates the end of the Marinoan glaciation , a deep freeze in Earth history that some argue shrouded the entire planet in ice .
Scientists often refer to the term " snowball Earth " to describe conditions at this time .
So to find animal life apparently thriving during this glaciation seems remarkable , commented Jochen Brochs , from the Australian National University , Canberra .
" If there really was a snowball Earth , how did those sponges survive ?
The full snowball Earth hypothesis would predict that the oceans were frozen over by 2 km , even at the equator , " he told BBC News .
" Only at hot springs could any organism survive but it is questionable that you would have sponges in a hot spring .
I have n't made my mind up about snowball Earth but perhaps these sponges are telling us something about this glaciation . "
Dr Love 's view is that the presence of these animals puts limits on the scale of the ice coverage .
" I believe there were areas of what we might call refugia - areas of open ocean where biology could go on .
And in this case , it could be evidence that we had some sort of evolutionary stimulation of new grades of organisms as well . "
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The GeForce GTX 275
This will no doubt be an exciting day for graphics card aficionados .
As we 've shown you here , AMD has literally just launched a brand new more powerful , single - GPU based Radeon , dubbed the Radeon HD 4890 .
However , arch rival NVIDIA has something on tap as well , in the form of the GeForce GTX 275 .
And would n't you know it , the GTX 275 is positioned right alongside AMD 's latest offering .
As its name suggests , the new GeForce GTX 275 is based on NVIDIA 's 55nm GT200b GPU , which is also employed on the GeForce GTX 295 , GTX 285 and some GTX 260 Core 216 cards .
The new GTX 275 's performance level -- as you have probably guessed -- is expected to fall somewhere in between the GTX 260 and GTX 285 .
Where exactly it falls on the performance scale , we plan to show you on the pages ahead ...
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 275
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 275 Specifications & Features
Boston police treated a mannequin chained to the front door of a Bank of America branch as a potential bomb threat , shutting down the bank while they investigated .
[ social_buttons ]
The mannequin wore a shirt with the message “ THE REAL DUMMIES EVICT PEOPLE & FUND CLIMATE CHAOS . ”
Police were astute enough to realize that the mannequin posed no threat , and eventually a group called Mannequins for Climate Justice claimed the action .
No real people have claimed the action , just this new unheard - of brigade of dummies .
Apparently they decided to get an early start on tomorrow ’s Fossil Fool ’s Day .
The mannequin , apparently named Guy Fox , issued this statement :
“ Even a dummy like me can see that Bank of America ’s massive loans to coal companies and support for the epidemic of foreclosures and evictions has to stop now , ” he said .
“ Bank of America seems determined to be so evil it ’s almost comical , but people resisting the bank ’s practices will have the last laugh .
Happy April Fools to all the capitalist fossil fools ! ”
Fox is in police custody after being unchained from the doors .
Police say they are continuing to investigate the action .
Why target Bank of America ?
Read more : Close Your Bank of America Account to Fight Injustice
Prosecution for Bush War Criminals Editor ’s Note :
As the factual pieces of the Bush administration ’s grotesque mosaic on torture are filled in , there is little remaining doubt what happened – only a remaining doubt about what will happen .
What will the Obama administration do in the face of strong evidence of high - level criminality by its predecessor ?
In this guest essay , Marjorie Cohn explains how ex-President George W. Bush ’s deceptive legal defense on torture has crumbled : Since taking office , President Barack Obama has instituted many changes that break with the policies of the Bush administration .
The new President has ordered that no government agency will be allowed to torture , that the U.S. prison at Guantánamo will be shuttered , and that the CIA ’s secret black sites will be closed down .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly But Obama is non-committal when asked whether he will seek investigation and prosecution of Bush officials who broke the law .
“ My view is also that nobody 's above the law and , if there are clear instances of wrongdoing , that people should be prosecuted just like any ordinary citizen , ” Obama said .
“ But , ” he added , “ generally speaking , I 'm more interested in looking forward than I am in looking backwards . ”
Obama fears that holding Team Bush to account will risk alienating Republicans whom he still seeks to win over .
Obama may be off the hook , at least with respect to investigating the lawyers who advised the White House on how to torture and get away with it .
The Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) has written a draft report that apparently excoriates former Justice Department lawyers John Yoo and Jay Bybee , authors of the infamous torture memos , according to Newsweek ’s Michael Isikoff .
OPR can report these lawyers to their state bar associations for possible discipline , or even refer them for criminal investigation .
Obama does n’t have to initiate investigations ; the OPR has already launched them , on Bush ’s watch .
The smoking gun that may incriminate George W. Bush , Dick Cheney , et al. , is the e-mail traffic that passed between the lawyers and the White House .
Isikoff revealed the existence of these e-mails on " The Rachel Maddow Show . "
Some maintain that Bush officials are innocent because they relied in good faith on legal advice from their lawyers .
But if the President and Vice President told the lawyers to manipulate the law to allow them to commit torture , then that defense wo n’t fly .
A bipartisan report of the Senate Armed Services Committee found that “ senior officials in the United States government solicited information on how to use aggressive techniques , redefined the law to create the appearance of their legality , and authorized their use against detainees . ”
Cheney recently admitted to authorizing waterboarding , which has long been considered torture under U.S. law .
Donald Rumsfeld , Condoleezza Rice , George Tenet , Colin Powell , and John Ashcroft met with Cheney in the White House basement and authorized harsh interrogation techniques , including waterboarding , according to an ABC News report .
When asked , Bush said he knew about it and approved .
John
Yoo wrote in a Wall Street Journal op - ed that Bush “ could even authorize waterboarding , which he did three times in the years after 9/11 . ”
A representative of the Justice Department promised that OPR ’s report would be released sometime last November .
But Bush 's Attorney General Michael Mukasey objected to the draft .
A final version will be presented to Attorney General Eric Holder .
The administration will then have to decide whether to make it , and the emails , public and then how to proceed .
When the United States ratified the Convention Against Torture , we promised to extradite or prosecute those who commit , or are complicit in the commission , of torture .
We have two federal criminal statutes for torture prosecutions – the Torture Statute and the War Crimes Act ( torture is considered a war crime under U.S. law ) .
The Torture Convention is unequivocal : nothing , including a state of war , can be invoked as a justification for torture .
Yoo redefined torture much more narrowly than U.S. law provides , and counseled the White House that it could evade prosecution under the War Crimes
Act by claiming self - defense or necessity .
Yoo knew or should have known of the Torture Convention ’s absolute prohibition of torture .
There is precedent for holding lawyers criminally liable for giving legally erroneous advice that resulted in great physical or mental harm or death .
In U.S. v. Altstoetter , Nazi lawyers were convicted of war crimes and crimes against humanity for advising Hitler on how to “ legally ” disappear political suspects to special detention camps .
Almost two - thirds of respondents to a USA Today / Gallup Poll favor investigations of the Bush team for torture and warrantless wiretapping .
Nearly four in 10 favor criminal investigations .
Rep. John Conyers has introduced legislation to establish a National Commission on Presidential War Powers and Civil Liberties .
Sen. Patrick Leahy advocates for a Truth and Reconciliation Commission ; but this is insufficient .
TRC ’s are used for nascent democracies in transition .
By giving immunity to those who testify before them , it would ensure that those responsible for torture , abuse and illegal spying will never be brought to justice .
Attorney General Eric Holder should appoint a Special Prosecutor to investigate and prosecute high Bush officials including lawyers like John Yoo who gave them “ legal ” cover .
Obama is correct when he said that no one is above the law .
Accountability is critical to ensuring that our leaders never again torture and abuse people .
Marjorie Cohn is a professor at Thomas Jefferson School of Law and president of the National Lawyers Guild .
She is the author of Cowboy Republic : Six Ways the Bush Gang Has Defied the Law .
Her newest book , Rules of Disengagement : The Politics and Honor of Military Dissent ( with Kathleen Gilberd ) , will be published in April .
Her articles are archived at www.marjoriecohn.com.
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
By Victoria Gill
Science reporter , BBC News
Dinosaurs may have been more fuzzy than previously thought
A discovery in China has prompted researchers to question the scaly image of dinosaurs .
Previously , experts thought the first feathered dinosaurs appeared about 150 million years ago , but the find suggests feathers evolved much earlier .
This has raised the question of whether many more of the creatures may have been covered with similar bristles , or " dino- fuzz " .
The team describe the fossil in the journal Nature .
Hai -Lu
You , a researcher from the Insitute of Geology in Beijing , was part of the team that discovered the fossil .
Maybe all dinosaurs , even the predominantly scaled ones , had fuzzy parts
Lawrence Witmer
Ohio University
He told BBC
News he was " very excited " when he realised the significance of what his team had found .
He described the filaments seen on the body of the new dinosaur , which the team has named Tianyulong confuciusi , as " protofeathers " - the precursors of modern feathers .
" Their function was probably display , as well as to keep the body warm " he said .
Dr
You 's team noticed that the filaments on the base of their dinosaur 's tail were extremely long .
These , they suggest , might have evolved for show , and may even have been coloured .
" The world of dinosaurs would [ have been ] more colourful and active than we previously imagined , " he said .
Muddying the water Dinosaurs can be categorised into two large families - the Saurischia and the Ornithischia .
The filaments or ' protofeathers ' are clearly visible on the fossil The Saurischia family includes the theropods - thought to be the ancestors of modern birds .
Fossils of these dinosaurs have revealed that some of them were feathered .
But the newly - discovered dinosaur is a member of the Ornithischia group - all previously thought to have reptilian scales .
Professor Lawrence Witmer , a paleontologist from Ohio University , says this " really muddies the waters " of what researchers know about the origin of feathers .
It suggests that their origin might go right back to the earliest ancestors of all dinosaurs - more than 200 million years ago .
" The bad news is that something we thought was neatly wrapped up is now not so neat , " said Professor Witmer .
" We now need to rethink what the coat of the ancestral dinosaurs actually was . "
He added : " But the good news is that we can now look at existing evidence with new eyes - going back to old fossils and asking if there is evidence of any of these filaments . "
The small dinosaur is housed at Tianyu Museum of Nature in Shandong , China
The team , who named the dinosaur after the Tianyu Museum of Nature , where the fossil is housed , also dedicated part of its name to the philosopher Confucius to reflect how it has changed the modern view of dinosaurs .
" Maybe all dinosaurs , even the predominantly scaled ones , had fuzzy parts , " added Professor Witmer .
" And if they were covered in a fuzzy coat , what does that tell us about their physiology ?
Perhaps they were warm - blooded .
" We now need to think completely differently about the evidence we already have . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Website not found Website you are trying to reach does not exist on lt2.eu.cpanel.hostens.cloud server .
Please check your domain DNS settings .
Carrie Prejean is no shrinking violet .
The Miss California who stirred controversy when she said at the Miss USA contest that marriage should be between a man and woman is hitting Washington to campaign for traditional marriage .
Tomorrow , she 'll be announcing her " No Offense " campaign on behalf of the National Organization for Marriage .
A source close to the group says the campaign includes ads that " will focus on how standing up for marriage elicits attacks from the left and homosexual rights activists .
The Carrie Prejean incident further exposes the extreme nature of the push for same - sex marriage as the Perez Hiltons of the world try to claim supporters of marriage and family are somehow bigoted .
Ramifications of same - sex marriage court rulings create very real Kafkaesque scenarios , as when Christian photographers in New Mexico get hauled before the state human rights commission because they choose ( their right , no ? ) to not accept business for photographing same - sex weddings . "
Here 's what the group just sent us .
Lately every Boston blogger except yours truly has thrown around ideas on how to save the Boston Globe .
I wo n’t discuss whether it deserves to be saved , for the purpose of this article we ’ll assume it is a valuable part of the community ( both in terms of jobs and journalism ) and assume it needs to be saved for the sake of Boston .
Bloggers , reporters and citizens have suggested everything from increasing subscription and per paper prices , removing the Globe from Google , scrapping segments , scrapping the print edition and even buying subscriptions out of charity to boost revenues .
None of those ideas will work .
Here are eight ideas that would work and really save The Boston Globe .
No print edition on Tuesdays and Thursdays
Let ’s all be honest here , the print edition is not for breaking news .
By the time it ’s printed half the internet has already mentioned the story and moved on .
Cutting these two days out of the schedule will allow for a better product on the days the Globe is printed .
Less fluff , more stuff .
Boot the Boss
The people at the top have utterly and completely failed the newspaper .
There are no more excuses left for them , they are clearly not so talented that they ’re crucial to the future of the Globe .
Simply put , the leaders at the Globe have not done their jobs and should not have them anymore .
Firing the employees at the top will deliver a significant cost savings and bring new ideas to the table .
The union workers have done their jobs .
Papers get written , printed and delivered every day .
It is not their failure , but a failure at the top .
It ’s not harsh , it ’s reality .
The job of the leaders of the Globe is to ensure it is profitable .
It ’s not profitable so the leaders should be given the boot .
Side note , due to the ludicrous nature of most contracts for high level employees , it ’s likely that the leaders have clauses in their contracts that activate lucrative severance payouts so this move may not be a huge cost savings but fresh leadership will still do the Globe good .
Premium Sports Section
Look , I ’m not going to pay the Globe for news .
It ’s not going to happen .
For one , the quality and integrity of their investigative journalism is debatable .
Second , the cat is already out of the bag .
The Globe and newspapers all around the country already offer their product for free , they will not be successful now taking this free news back and pushing subscriptions on us .
But , sports , especially in the City of Boston , is a whole different animal .
We are extreme fanatics in this city and devour sports information like no other .
Offer a basic sports section for free but for in - depth sports coverage require a small paid subscription .
Sure , lots of people wo n’t buy it and will simply move on to the Herald or ESPN or WEEI or any number of local and national sports outlets , but a significant amount of people will give in to their sports addiction and sign up for premium sports coverage .
Invest in e-paper
There are lots of people like me who have n’t bought a physical newspaper in years and do n’t plan on ever doing so again .
The last time I bought a print newspaper was in 2004 to have a memento of the Sox World Series victory .
That ’s right , I have n’t bought a newspaper in almost five years .
And why should I ?
I can get updated news for free online in a much more convenient format .
Let ’s all face facts here , printed subscription numbers are going to keep dropping .
The Boston Globe should team up with other newspapers and invest in e-paper to drive its cost down .
Another option put forward by Dan Kennedy is to offer all subscribers a Kindle .
I ’m not opposed to this idea and the Kindle 2 is a great device that is very close to e-paper but perhaps offering Kindles on Boston.com with an Amazon affiliate link is a better way to earn money and convince readers to ditch paper .
Video News Online
Boston.com gets almost 6 million unique visitors every month .
Add a video news section , keep those visitors there and appeal to a whole new audience .
I have n’t watched TV news in forever but would probably tune in to a Boston.com video newscast .
It ’s worth a shot and could be done for a minimal cost .
Hire some of the existing great videobloggers in Boston and integrate them into your site .
Videos keep eyeballs at your site and increase what you can charge for ads .
Do n’t blame Google / bloggers / unions
Google is not stealing content from newspapers .
They are sharing excerpts of articles with their users , which is legal under the Fair Use Doctrine .
If any newspaper truly believes Google is stealing their content go ahead and sue .
Do it , it ’s your legal right .
The lack of legal action combined with the constant whining simply proves our point , you do n’t want to accept the blame and instead wish to make wild and false accusations .
If you truly think they ’re stealing your content , sue them .
Or better yet , place this code in your robots .
txt file and all will be well with the world :
User-agent : Googlebot
Disallow : /
And if you ’re going to go after Google , do n’t forget the other news aggregators of the world .
Universal Hub has ads on their site and posts excerpts from articles , they must be stealing !
But seriously , work with Google , bloggers and news aggregators to deliver more and more traffic to your site .
Do n’t place your blame externally , look internally to find the true source of your issues .
Embrace the internet
Sure , newspapers offer free news online but that ’s not enough .
Stop blaming google and bloggers for your drop in numbers and instead embrace them .
Bloggers are often some of the best news consumers , but mainstream newspapers are trashing us and placing the blame for their failures on us .
Check out the website for a local newspaper , The Dorchester Reporter , to see how it ’s done correctly .
The Dot Reporter recently redesigned their entire website with a huge focus on interactivity and local bloggers .
They have open comments on every single article on the site and list the latest five posts from area bloggers right on their homepage , with a permanent link back to the blogger .
The Globe on the other hand offers comments on some articles and lists less than a handful of local bloggers on their homepage .
And after you move off the homepage your link back to your article disappears forever .
I know because I ’ve been featured on Boston.com a few times now , and while the temporary traffic is nice the next day the link and the traffic disappears .
Worse than the loss of traffic is the disappearance of the link back , which is commonly accepted on the web as a form of attribution .
It ’s a shady , shady move .
Stop “ stealing ”
Large newspapers constantly complain about bloggers “ stealing ” their content , but then they go right ahead and use an excerpt from my blog ( which is what many large newspapers refer to as “ stealing ) and then do n’t provide a permanent link back to my post .
In essence , they take my content , use it temporarily , and then ditch the author attribution .
So when I use an excerpt from a mainstream newspaper article and link back to it permanently , it ’s called stealing .
But when they post my excerpt and do n’t link back to it permanently it ’s called promotion / helping the little guy out .
Do n’t get me wrong , I appreciate the traffic boost from Boston.com linking to my blog , but I ’d appreciate it even more if they provided a permanent link instead of a temporary one .
It ’s simply good practice and common courtesy on the web .
Allow comments on all articles , allow commenters to place an no-followed URL to their site ( e.g. like my comment system below and nearly ever other comment system on the web ) , and for the sake of consistency and clarity provide permanent links to any bloggers you feature or excerpt .
It ’s the right thing to do and will encourage us to visit your site more often .
Plus , your readers can then continue to find my content and are n’t left to wonder who wrote that great post about living car - free for a year .
Report the news
Simple step .
Stop promoting gossip , rumors and other non-news .
Report just the news and do it well .
The real reason your newspaper readership is dropping is because you ’re more concerned with stirring the pot or appeasing the elite than reporting the truth .
Honestly , mainstream newspapers have taken a stumble down in terms of quality from their glory years .
We do n’t need the latest celebrity gossip , we do need an authoritative source to find and tell us the truth , not blindly repackage a press release , push it out and call it news .
When you need to explicitly describe to your readers what newspapers do instead of showing them , you ’re doing something wrong .
Thanks to Tony the Misfit for the excellent photo of the Boston Globe headquarters in Dorchester , MA .
Disclosure : I occasionally write freelance articles for The Dorchester Reporter .
I am not an employee of the paper and all of the views expressed above and anywhere else on this blog are mine and mine only .
The Dorchester Reporter does not in anyway sponsor , authorize , or have any other relation to this blog or its contents .
ANY attempt to put an economic value on fresh air , clean water or tropical rainforests can offend the delicate sensibilities of those who argue that the conservation of nature is a moral duty .
Yet although the best things in life appear to be free , that does not mean they are without financial value .
It simply means that nobody asks you to pay when , for example , you watch a beautiful sunset over the hills .
Putting a financial value on the environment , however , may be the most important thing that people can do to help nature conservation .
When governments allocate money , they do so according to where it will bring benefit .
If a government is unaware of the value of a landscape to its tourism , or of a swamp to its fishing industry — and thus its foreign - exchange income — then it will invest too little in managing these resources .
Worse , if the true value of a forest or swamp is hidden , governments may destroy it by subsidising the conversion of the land to agriculture .
The costs are unknown for now , but may appear eventually as the price of building a filtration plant to remove the sediment from the water that the forest once took care of , or the price of importing food when fish vanish .
Shutterstock
Some estimates of the annual contribution of coastal and marine ecosystems to the global economy exceed $ 20 trillion , over a third of the total gross national product ( GNP ) of all the countries of the world .
Even so , says Katherine Sierra of the World Bank , such ecosystems are typically much undervalued when governments made decisions about development .
Glenn - Marie Lange , also of the World Bank , attended a meeting in Washington DC organised by her employer to launch its report “ Environment Matters ” on April 6th .
She told participants that one of the reasons why ecosystems become degraded is that their value to local people is often small .
As a result , these people do not have much reason to manage their resources carefully .
She estimates , for example , that only 36 % of the income generated by the coastal and marine environments in Zanzibar goes to locals .
Most of this comes from fishing ; only a tiny fraction of the money from tourism ends up local hands .
More broadly , Dr Lange wants the value of the environment to be integrated into national and local accounting .
She argues that governments should identify the contributions that marine ecosystems make to their countries ' GNPs and foreign - exchange earnings .
She also wants them to examine whether or not they are running down their countries ' “ natural capital ” .
Emily Cooper of the World Resources Institute , an environmental think - tank , put some figures on the value of tourism , recreation , fisheries and shoreline protection in Belize .
It was an impressive $ 395 m to $ 559 m .
The entire economy was worth about $ 1.3 billion in 2007 .
These figures , she thinks , have allowed environmentalists to protect Belize 's threatened mangrove forests better .
For too long , an absence of proper green accounting has allowed people to privatise the gains from the environment but socialise the costs , to paraphrase Carl Safina , an American scientist and environmentalist at the meeting .
As Dr Safina puts it , “ conservation is not a trade - off between the economy and the environment .
It is a trade off between the short and long term . ”
Click for Larger Image
It ’s sad but true : when I was a kid , Internet access pretty much did n’t exist .
I did n’t even start reading USENET until 1990 , at which point I was already eighteen years old .
In the pre-Web days , if you wanted to know something , you went to the library .
If you were lucky , the answer was in a book .
If you could n’t find a book with the answer , you were more or less screwed .
For example , my elementary - school library had a copy of “ The Car Book 1971 ” that had all the prices of new cars from 1971 , and I memorized the book to the point that I could instantly recall the prices and specs of every new car sold that year .
Unfortunately , they did n’t have the same book from 1972 , which meant that as far as I knew , there were no cars sold in 1972 .
Or they were all free .
Or they were all $ 1,999 .
There was simply no way to know .
The arrival of the Information Age has made that kind of knowledge starvation a thing of the past , with a few exceptions .
One of those exceptions is information on amateur and entry - level - professional sedan racing .
Those who talk about it on the Internet do n’t really know ; those who know are n’t telling , for a variety of reasons we ’ll discuss below .
When I started my racing “ career ” a few years ago , I had to learn about the costs and difficulties of racing firsthand , at my own considerable expense , and my conversations with other racers have indicated that this state of affairs is nearly universal .
Universal it may be , but it is n’t right .
So in this episode of Avoidable Contact , I ’m going to give you a brief tour of amateur and entry - level - professional sedan racing .
Specifically , we ’re going to talk about requirements , costs , and results .
I ca n’t put you in the seat of a real race car — only you can do that for yourself — but I can at least give you a reasonable idea of what ’s involved .
There are resources , both print and Web , which claim to tell the truth about the costs of racing , but trust me : most of them are either pursuing an agenda or making bizarre assumptions regarding your access to things like frame jigs , TIG welders , and $ 100 Hayabusa engines .
Since most people can’t actually do things like “ knock together ” an SCCA GT - 2 tube chassis , a lot of the advice and information that ’s out there might as well be fantasy .
To keep things simple and comparable , most of the costs discussed here will be “ rent - a- ride ” costs ; I will discuss ownership costs in a future column , assuming there ’s any interest .
We ’ll start with the 24 Hours of Lemons and go as far as the Speed World Challenge .
So , without further ado , let ’s climb to the top of the “ Pyramid Of Speed ” and see what ’s there .
24 Hours Of Lemons : $ 500 - 1000 a weekend
Click for Larger Image
There are a variety of really low - cost entry - level wheel - to - wheel options out there , such as $ 300 ARCA circle - track rentals , but the average would - be road - racer is likely to be most satisfied by buying a seat in a 24 Hours of Lemons team .
For somewhere between five hundred bucks and a solid G , you should be able to find a spot with a team that is serious about winning the event .
Another five hundred should buy you a basic SA2005 - rated helmet , cheapo three - layer driver ’s suit , and fireproof gloves and shoes .
While most of the Lemons teams out there are reasonably scrupulous about adhering to the $ 500 car rule , that amount does n’t cover the rollcage , the tires , the brakes , the consumables , or any number of other allowables .
It ’s very possible to spend three or four grand on a “ $ 500 car ” , so budget accordingly .
The requirements for being a Lemons driver are absolutely minimal .
You ’ll need the aforementioned personal equipment plus $ 75 for a one - time license .
Your money should get you between two and six hours on the racetrack .
Speeds rarely exceed sixty miles per hour , but you will learn a lot about managing traffic , passing , and withstanding impact .
Winning Lemons will impress exactly nobody , as I found out when I won the 2007 Flat Rock event , but it ’s neither easy nor trivial to hoist that cup full of nickels above your head .
Still , it is n’t “ real ” racing .
For that , you ’ll need to sack up and choose one of the next options .
SCCA Improved Touring and Regional Racing : $ 1000 + per weekend
Click for Larger Image
SCCA has two kinds of racing .
There ’s “ Regional ” racing , which is a relatively low - budget affair designed for people who do n’t want to compete on a National level , and then there ’s “ National ” stuff .
The mainstay of Regional sedan racing is the Improved Touring series .
Magazines like Grassroots Motorsports like to make racing in “ IT ” sound as simple and cheap as running down to your local dragstrip on Grudge Match night .
It ai n’t so , but neither is it prohibitively expensive for most people .
You ’ll need to join the SCCA to start , and if you ’re smart you ’ll also find a program like NASA ’s HPDE , SCCA ’s PDX , or one of the marque - club Driver ’s Education programs to show you how to get around a racetrack without killing yourself .
Once you ’re comfortable being on a track in a street car , it ’s time to attend an SCCA competition school .
You ’ll need to rent a race car for this in most regions .
Plan on spending between $ 1000 and $ 2500 for a “ double driver ’s school ” weekend in someone else ’s car .
Do n’t hurt the car ; you ’ll have to pay to fix it , and that could run you serious cash .
The purpose of SCCA drivers ’ schools is to teach you how to pass , how to watch the flags , and how to behave on - track .
At no point will anyone teach you to be Randy Pobst .
You will have to learn that yourself , later .
And do n’t catch the “ red mist ” during school .
As someone once told me , you ca n’t “ win ” the driver ’s school , but you can sure as hell “ lose ” it by crashing out .
With your Regional license in hand from passing the driver ’s school , it ’s time to find an Improved Touring seat .
This can be tough for somebody who has never raced before , because most car owners do n’t want to take a chance on somebody new .
Look in your local SCCA newsletter or on the regional website to find an “ IT ” rental opportunity .
Call ’em up .
Be polite , concise , and factual .
Expect to spend between one and two grand for a weekend .
This will get you a car that might be capable of winning a race , but probably not in your hands .
It will pay for some used tires and fuel .
It wo n’t pay for damage , excess wear and tear caused by temper or stupidity , or new tires .
So race smart , even if you have to race slow , and learn your craft .
In the real world , by the time you drive to a race , stay in a hotel , eat a meal or two , pay your entry fee ( which is a minimum of $ 250 most places ) and buy a T - shirt , you ’re going to spend a minimum of $ 1500 to go Improved Touring racing in someone else ’s car .
Let ’s put that in perspective : racing an old VW Golf or Honda Civic once a month costs as much as buying a Nissan GT -R or Porsche Cayman S on a five - year loan .
Are you starting to get a sense of why racers are all “ coin-operated ” ?
Our next option is no cheaper , just different .
NASA Cheap Classes : $ 1500 - 5000 a weekend
Click for Larger Image
There are two major organizations in American amateur racing .
SCCA is the older , established , more prestigious group , while NASA is the new kid on the block .
It would take a whole book to discuss the differences between the two , but here ’s one way to look at it : NASA offers a wider variety of race options for production - based cars , is more contact - and - drama - tolerant , and is also more welcoming to new racers .
I ’m a NASA racer .
It ’s the right fit for me , but some people are better - suited for the SCCA .
After a few races with either sanction , you ’ll know where you belong , and it ’s possible for rent - a- riders to move back and forth between the two , as most SCCA and NASA Regions will honor a competition license from the “ other ” sanction .
NASA offers a variety of affordable production - car classes : Spec Miata , Performance Touring , the slower German Touring Series classes , Honda Challenge , Spec Focus , and others .
To get started , you ’ll want to have some on - track experience in your street car .
One year with NASA ’s HPDE program should take care of that .
You can then attend one of NASA ’s driver schools .
The Mid-Ohio School offers a pretty good one - day course , using their Acura TSX “ school cars ” , for about a grand .
Of course , you ’ll need the same helmet , suit , gloves , and shoes you ’d need for SCCA or Lemons .
You ’ll also need a HANS Device or similar , which costs $ 695 or more , to race wheel - to - wheel in NASA .
Pass your driver ’s school and you ’ll be eligible to rent a car and go racing .
Unlike SCCA , NASA makes no distinction between Regional and National racing .
It ’s possible to take Comp School in July , race twice in July and August , and then go run the National Championships in September of that same year .
Rental costs for entry - level classes in NASA range from $ 1500 ( for a tired Spec Miata ) to $ 5000 or more ( for a well - prepared GTS or Performance Touring car ) .
It ’s very , very possible to spend $ 15,000 on a NASA racing weekend , but you do n’t want to do that right away .
Heck , you really do n’t want to do it at all , because for that kind of money you could race “ pro ” .
In fact , NASA permits cars from the Speed World Challenge and Koni Challenge pro series to run in Performance Touring , so if you want to try a “ pro ” car in a low - stress environment , NASA can be the right place for you .
Plan on spending a minimum of $ 5000 to do that for a weekend .
Be aware , too , that most rentals in NASA have a minimum damage amount of ten grand or more .
You can do $ 50,000 worth of damage to many GTS - class race cars in a second or less , and it ’s usually payable immediately , in certified funds , before the end of the weekend .
Even a lowly Spec Focus can cost $ 15,000 to repair .
And here ’s the best part : it might not even be your fault .
You could be minding your own business , get put in the wall by somebody else , and still have to pay .
Make .
Sure .
You .
Understand .
This .
Before .
You .
Take .
A. Green .
Flag .
Okay ?
Winning a NASA National Championship will get you … um , nothing .
All sorts of hacks and idiots win NASA National Championships .
Heck , I was one error in judgment away from being a NASA National Champion in 2007 .
As the sanction ages and competition thickens , that situation will change , but in the meantime , if you want respect in amateur racing … look below .
SCCA National Championship Racing – $ 3000 and up .
Way up .
Click for Larger Image
Now we ’re getting close to The Show .
Winning an SCCA National Championship is a gold - plated testimony to your talent as a driver , your skill as a car builder , or both .
The list of SCCA National Champions reads like a “ Who ’s Who ” of serious racers .
But it ai n’t cheap .
To begin with , you ’ll need to have a year of mostly incident - free Regional racing under your belt , and you ’ll need to find a National ride .
People can and do spend six figures to win National Championships , but $ 3000 should get you a Spec Miata or American Sedan seat at a National race .
Of course , if you want to go to the actual championship race , ( referred to as the Runoffs ) in any class , you will need a lot more than that .
But if you win the Runoffs , you will want a new challenge …
Speed World Challenge and Grand - Am Koni Challenge : $ 8000 - 50,000 per weekend .
That ’s right .
Click for Larger Image
Here we are .
The Show .
Professional racing .
And guess what ?
You ’re gonna pay to race .
Almost everybody does .
It ’s the dirty little secret of “ pro ” racing .
Everybody pays .
Sure , some teams offer a salary to a few of their drivers , but the number of people actually making a living in Speed World Challenge or Koni Challenge probably would n’t fill an extended - length E-150 .
Instead , drivers beg their sponsors , friends , families , and spouses for money to make the grid .
Ah , money .
Well , just the annual license for Koni Challenge costs six hundred bucks .
The good news : you get to attend all the Rolex Series races for free as long as you ’re wearing it .
To qualify for that license , you ’ll want to have some club racing background , preferably without too many black marks on your record or too many probationary periods .
One year should be enough .
During that one year , try to win the lottery , inherit some money , or become a lobbyist for a group of Florida orange - juice farmers , ’ cause it takes cheddar to race professionally .
Eight grand or thereabouts will sit you in a decent ride for the Speed Touring Car or Koni “ ST ” class .
You ’ll be on television .
Maybe .
To have a chance at winning , you ’ll want to spend more .
Ten or fifteen grand will put you up at the sharp end , where the announcers can mispronounce your name and criticize your driving .
If you want to run the faster cars in the “ GS / GT ” classes of Koni or Speed , you ’ll pay more .
A lot more .
A weekend in a Ford FR500C Mustang might cost $ 20,000 .
And guess what ?
It ’s possible to do $ 175,000 worth of damage to that car .
In under one second .
You know the drill .
Pay before you leave .
It ’s kind of funny , really .
Nearly everybody who brags on Facebook or on their personal website about being “ signed ” to a Koni or SWC team is really writing a big check to that team .
And some of the checks are quite large .
Koni Challenge is an enduro series , so you can spend a little more money and get a known hotshoe to be your second driver .
The arrangement is common , even in Daytona Prototype .
The paying driver is the “ gentleman driver ” ; the paid driver is the “ pro ” .
I heard a rumor recently that one “ gentleman ” paid $ 185,000 for a Koni Challenge season with a well - respected “ pro ” .
Think about it .
At this level , it costs just as much to race a Honda Civic or Volkswagen GTI for a year as it does to own a Lamborghini Gallardo .
Which one will impress your friends more ?
You know the answer to that .
But if you have the burning desire to race , to be in The Show , and to live a little bit before you die , owning a high - priced street car is n’t even an option .
Racing on television is the ultimate high , the biggest hit possible .
It ’s what we all wanted to do as kids .
Everything else , as Steve McQueen memorably said , is just waiting .
But wait , there ’s more .
As you now understand , racing is expensive .
But the weekend costs we ’ve discussed do n’t cover it all .
In order to be competitive , you ’ll want to run some practice days , which run from $ 500 a day in an Improved Touring Civic to twenty times that much for a Koni GS - class Porsche .
To win races , you ’ll need to buy new tires as often as possible , maybe four times a weekend , at a cost of anywhere between eight hundred and two thousand dollars a set .
You ’ll want the best equipment ; my Impact !
carbon fiber Air Draft helmet and HANS Professional Device together cost well over three thousand dollars , and a custom driving suit with the logo of your “ sponsor ” might run you another three G. Top - tier coaching from people like Ross Bentley will take precious tenths off your lap time , but each one of those tenths may cost you as much as a Rolex Submariner .
You ’ll miss work to race , skip family events , disappoint friends , and force your loved ones to spend their weekends wondering if you ’ll come home injured or in a box .
The stress of knowing that you could end a race a hundred grand in the hole , or in that hole yourself , might drive you to make some very strange decisions .
Some people lose their nerve out there on the track and return to the pits utterly broken inside .
Others let the burning hunger for lap time , TV time , plastic trophies , or simple victory take over the rest of their lives .
And once you ’ve won a race , the fever to do it again will never truly leave you .
Once you ’ve put your foot on someone else ’s neck — once you ’ve looked out of your window net and simply destroyed another man ’s confidence on the entry to a critical corner — you will want to do it again and again until it either kills you or ruins your life .
Those are the real costs .
I ’ve spent the equivalent of a new Corvette racing crappy little cars in the past two years , but that does n’t cover half of it .
The true cost arrived the moment I realized that I could n’t stand a life where I was n’t scheduled to race at some point in the near future .
So I ’ll be out on the grid again in 2009 , and that includes a couple of shots at The Show .
Cross your fingers for me , and I ’ll look to see you out there , too .
Tensions flared in Northern Ireland yesterday when masked gangs attacked police with petrol bombs , bricks and stones after a dissident republican was arrested in connection with the murder of two soldiers last week .
Colin Duffy , 42 , is a former IRA prisoner who stood trial in the 1990s for the murder of a soldier but was acquitted when it emerged that a key witness against him was a loyalist paramilitary .
Following his arrest yesterday , gangs took to the streets near his home in Lurgan , Co Armagh , and members of the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) were pelted with stones before petrol bombs were hurled at their vehicles .
A tense stand - off developed last night with youths forming makeshift barricades to block the railway lines in the town .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Also arrested in the Craigavon area last night in connection with the murder were a 30 - year - old woman and a 37 - year - old man .
Detectives are now questioning five people over the murder .
Two other men , aged 21 and 32 , were also arrested after police raids in Lurgan and Bellaghy , Co Londonderry , in connection with the killings of the two soldiers last week .
Sappers Mark Quinsey and Patrick Azimkar were shot dead last Saturday by the dissident republican Real IRA as they collected pizzas at the gates of the Massereene barracks in Antrim .
Mr Duffy broke away from mainstream republicanism in opposition to Sinn Fein 's decision to back the new PSNI in 2007 , and became a member of the republican protest group Eirigi , which insists it is a peaceful pressure group opposed to the new police .
He has been a high - profile and controversial figure in the feuding world of Northern Ireland politics for nearly two decades .
He was charged four times with terrorist offences , including murder , and was acquitted each time , once on appeal .
In 1990 , he was charged with possessing 10 bullets .
He was granted bail but when he left the barracks of the then Royal Ulster Constabulary he was followed by a hit squad who opened fire on him and his two co-accused .
Mr Duffy survived but one of his co-accused , Sean Marshall , was killed .
In 1997 , Mr Duffy walked free from court after charges over the killings of two RUC constables in Lurgan were dropped when the Director of Public Prosecutions said there was less than a " reasonable chance " of conviction .
His solicitor , Rosemary Nelson , received threats after representing him in court .
She was murdered in a loyalist car bomb attack in 1999 .
In 2001 , his home was raided by police , who removed his shoes for forensic analysis .
They were investigating the 1989 murder of Roy Metcalfe , 40 , a Protestant owner of an army surplus store , who was shot 18 times .
Police had found a pair of boots at the scene .
Last year Mr Duffy attracted criticism when rioting broke out in the Lurgan area , leading to gun and petrol bomb attacks on the police .
He said the attacks were due to a section of the nationalist community refusing to accept the PSNI .
The outrage of all outrages in the last 18 months is the complete protection of bank and corporate bondholders at taxpayer expense .
These bondholders lent money to reckless banks and corporations who bet the farm on the premise that house prices would always go up .
And they lost .
Now , thanks to bailout nation , taxpayers are on the hook for trillions .
Bondholders , meanwhile -- the folks who loaned the banks the trillions they have since vaporized -- have lost next to nothing .
Today 's Treasury plan is just more of the same : A byzantine public - private partnership that will put $ 1 trillion of taxpayer money on the line so bondholders wo n't lose a dime .
Fund manager ( and PhD ) John Hussman explains the end game of this current policy :
[ T ]he U.S. currently has a private debt to GDP ratio of about 3.5 , which is nearly double the historical norm , at a time when the underlying collateral is being marked down easily by 20 - 30 % .
That implies total collateral losses of 70 - 100 % of GDP ; a figure that includes not only mortgage debt in the banking system , but consumer credit , corporate debt and so on .
The holders [ of this debt ] are not just banks , but insurance companies , pension funds , foreign lenders , and others .
Even so , there is no way to prevent huge , ongoing losses , because the cash flows off of these assets are not sufficient to service the debt .
The only question is whether the bondholders appropriately bear those losses , or whether the public bears them inappropriately .
A continued policy of protecting all of these bondholders would eventually require U.S. citizens to be put on the hook for something on the order of $ 10 - 14 trillion .
We are nowhere near the end of this process .
We simply cannot make these bad investments whole unless we are willing to hand the next 10 - 20 years of U.S. private savings over to the bondholders who financed reckless lending .
Those bondholders should , and ultimately must , take a portion of these losses , and debt obligations will have to be restructured .
Wall Street has become a bunch of Tooter Turtles crying “ Help , Mr. Wizard ! ” because it got so used to Greenspan bailing everybody out .
But that constant attempt to avoid inevitable private market losses is what allowed this problem to become so noxious .
It will continue to do so until we collectively scream loud enough for Congress to say on our behalf , “ Enough . ”
The sideshow about bonuses at AIG simply underscores how little these bailouts have altered the fundamental behavior of people throwing around other people 's money with nothing at risk themselves .
The bondholders of poorly run financial companies should lose because they deserve to lose .
The American public does not .
Well said .
Will someone please tell Obama and the Treasury Department ?
The looting of America
10 April 2009
The New York Times on Thursday published a front - page article that provides further insight into the economic and class interests that are being served by the Obama administration ’s economic “ recovery ” policies .
Headlined “ Small Investors May Be Enlisted in Bank Bailout , ” the article outlines discussions between the administration and Wall Street investment firms on structuring the so - called “ Public - Private Investment Program ” announced last month in a manner that will allow people of modest means to invest in the scheme , whose purpose is to enable the banks to offload their toxic assets at public expense .
When the plan was announced March 23 by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , it sparked a wild rally on the stock market .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 497 points when it became clear that the government was offering to provide up to 95 percent of the capital , insure almost all potential losses and virtually guarantee large profits for hedge funds and other financial firms that agree to purchase the bad debts of the banks at inflated prices , with the taxpayers underwriting the windfall for Wall Street and assuming virtually all of the risk .
Thursday ’s
Times article indicates that opening the scheme up to small investors is seen as a way of providing a “ democratic ” gloss to what is , in reality , a brazen plan to plunder the public treasury for the benefit of the very bankers and speculators who are responsible for the financial crash .
Evidently not seeing a contradiction , the article also makes clear that the bailout measures are being drawn up in the closest consultation with the Wall Street insiders who stand to profit from them .
“ Some of the biggest investment managers in the United States , ” the Times notes , “ including BlackRock and PIMCO , have been consulting with the government on ways to rebuild the country ’s broken financial markets . ”
The article quotes Steven A. Baffico , an executive at BlackRock , as saying , “ It ’s giving the guy on Main Street an equal seat at the table next to the big guys . ”
This is true only in the sense that “ Main Street ” will be given the opportunity to absorb the bulk of any losses while the “ big guys ” cream off the best assets and pocket the profits .
There are political concerns behind this effort to create the appearance of offering the general public a cut in the winnings .
Hedge fund managers are wary that when , as they anticipate , their partnership with the Treasury , the Federal Reserve and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ( FDIC ) pays off with double - digit profits there will be a public outcry , similar to that which erupted over the AIG executive bonuses .
This , they fear , might lead to limits on their compensation , higher taxes on their fortunes or similar intolerable infringements .
More important are definite commercial calculations .
By opening up the scheme to the broad public , the private firms chosen by the Treasury to operate the plan stand to increase greatly their take from investor fees .
As the Times puts it , “ For the investment managers , the benefits are potentially large .
These big firms can charge healthy fees to investors for taking part . ”
There is one particularly remarkable passage in the Times account .
“ But the comparison one industry official uses to illustrate the mistake that America must avoid , ” the newspaper writes , “ is the large - scale privatization in Russia in the 1990s , which involved a transfer of entire industries to a few , well - connected oligarchs .
That experience tarnished the idea of free - market capitalism in Russia and undermined its program to move toward a market economy . ”
The many differences in political and historical circumstances aside , there is a very real parallel between the plundering of Soviet society by the former Stalinist bureaucrats and their domestic gangster and foreign imperialist allies and the current manner in which the economic crisis in the US is being seized upon by Wall Street and its political instrument , the Obama administration , to further enrich the American financial aristocracy .
Indeed , the perpetrators are themselves quite conscious that they are engaged in a similar — although much bigger — looting operation .
The scale and character of the operation are further indicated by another New York Times article published this week .
This one , authored by Times financial writer Andrew Ross Sorkin and published on Tuesday , concerns the role of the FDIC in the new bailout scheme .
The article begins by noting that the FDIC was established 76 years ago , in the depths of the Great Depression , to provide a government guarantee , initially up to $ 5,000 and now up to $ 250,000 , on the bank deposits of small savers .
It describes the transformation of the FDIC , under the toxic asset disposal plan of the Obama administration , as follows :
“ It ’s going to be insuring 85 percent of the debt , provided by the Treasury , that private investors will use to subsidize their acquisition of toxic assets . ”
In other words , the function of the FDIC is being transformed from guaranteeing the bank deposits of small savers to guaranteeing the investments of multimillionaire investment fund managers .
And , as the article notes , this is occurring without a vote by Congress .
The FDIC will be insuring more than $ 1 trillion in new obligations incurred as the government covers the bad debts of the banks .
However , the FDIC ’s charter limits the obligations it can take on to $ 30 billion .
The Times article quotes one “ prominent securities lawyers ” as saying , “ They may not be breaking the letter of the law , but they ’re sure disregarding its spirit . ”
How does the government justify this breach ?
By calculating the obligations which the FDIC is assuming not at their monetary value , but at their value as “ contingent liabilities . ”
That is , according to how much the FDIC expects to lose from its vast extension of credit to Wall Street firms ( in the form of nonrecourse loans , i.e. , loans in which the firms put up no collateral of their own , but only the supposed value of the toxic assets they are purchasing ) .
And what is the sum total of these “ contingent liabilities ” ?
Sorkin writes : “ ’ We project no losses , ’ Sheila Bair , the chairwoman , told me in an interview .
Zero ?
Really ?
‘ Our accountants have signed off on no net losses , ’ she said .
( Well , that ’s one way to stay under the borrowing cap ) . ”
What is the significance of this astonishing reasoning ?
Simply this :
The Obama administration , in order to protect the wealth and power of the financial elite , is facilitating and directly perpetrating on a colossal scale the same type of accounting fraud and reckless leveraging that led to the economic catastrophe in the first place .
Who is to pay the price for this looting operation ?
The answer can be seen in the Obama Auto Task Force ’s demands for the liquidation of much of the US auto industry and the brutal downsizing of what remains , combined with the imposition of poverty - level wages on those workers who remain in the surviving plants and the gutting of the pensions and health benefits of retirees .
It can be further seen in the administration ’s pledge to slash social programs , including Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security .
The administration ’s “ recovery ” plan is a barely disguised scheme to preserve the fortunes of the financial aristocracy , whose interests it represents , by imposing poverty and social misery on the working class .
Barry Grey
Barry Grey
terragalleria.com
· the photography of QT Luong
Michigan Pictures by QT Luong
[ CLICK on any picture to see a larger image and details , to add to selection , to order , and to download wallpaper . ]
All text and photos © QT Luong .
See conditions for use of images .
There are 22 color pictures of Michigan on this page
“ encampment ”
.
“ the greatest men ’s party on earth . ”
Richard Nixon ( a member of Cave Man camp ) , whose 1967 lakeside talk kicked off his successful run for the presidency , was caught on one of his Oval Office tapes describing the Grove as “ the most faggy goddamned thing you could ever imagine . ”
So was the socialist Jack London , who wrote a clairvoyant novel called " Before Adam " , about a time when humanity was ruled by a small group of idiots who were destroying the world . ”
Congress joins Twitter
This is what you get when politicians keep their comments to 140 characters or less : “ We need to cut spending !
Holy Cow !
A novel idea in Washington . ”
“ Have u noticed your take - home pay has gone up ?
Stimulus at work . ”
“ Some think I ’m on vacation .
I voted against recessing for 2 weeks . ”
These short missives are possible thanks to Twitter , an increasingly popular social networking site that is taking Congress by storm .
As of last count , 121 members of Congress are “ tweeting . ”
It ’s the new media answer to long floor speeches , and anyone who ’s anyone on Capitol Hill seems to be doing it .
Rep. Paul Ryan , R - Wis. , is an avid “ twitterer , ” posting 48 comments in his first two months on the site .
He has around 2,000 followers , or people who have signed up to receive his tweets .
But do n’t worry , you still can get access to Ryan ’s more verbose remarks if 140 characters fail to satisfy .
Ryan , who twittered about the novelty of fiscal restraint in Washington , also attached a link to a recent speech on the House floor , where he amplified his thoughts on runaway federal spending .
Sen . Russ Feingold , D - Wis. , is twittering as part of his re-election efforts , sending supporters notes on everything from current events to his favorite music .
He has posted only 17 tweets since January but already has almost 3,000 followers .
Lawmakers who use the micro-messaging service say it ’s just one more way to stay in touch with constituents .
“ I ’m not one of these people who need to say I ’ve had a banana this morning , or I ’m walking to the Capitol , ” Ryan said .
“ It ’s a way of communicating ideas and day - to - day messages to people . ”
Ryan has two Facebook accounts , two Web sites and an RSS feed .
He also often posts links on his sites to videos using YouTube .
Ryan said those tools help him reach young people who often do n’t read the daily newspaper or show up at town hall meetings .
The social - networking technology also lets him bypass traditional news reporters or commentators to communicate directly with others .
“ It ’s a way of getting through and around the filters and getting straight to the people , ” he said .
Feingold admits that he still is trying to get the hang of Twitter , saying in an e-mail that he is “ clearly not the most advanced Twitter user on the planet . ”
But he noted that the instant feedback that he gets using the site helps him do his job better .
One of Feingold ’s recent posts on Twitter announces the three - term senator ’s new project “ FeinTunes ” and asks campaign supporters to send their iTunes suggestions his way .
He plans to give video shout - outs to his favorites every now and then .
His first pick : Eau Claire ’s own Justin Vernon of the band Bon Iver .
Sen .
John McCain , by far the king of the congressional Twittersphere with more than 370,000 followers , said he especially enjoys the response that he gets to his frequent musings .
“ A lot of people are very clever , some show some passion , some with four letter words in it , ” said the Arizona Republican , who was ridiculed by Democrats for admitting to his computer illiteracy during his run for president .
“ It ’s really a fun thing to do . ”
Tweeting , however , has landed a couple of members in trouble .
Rep. Peter Hoekstra , a Michigan Republican , caused a firestorm on the blogosphere and prompted a policy review by the Pentagon when he sent a tweet about his whereabouts through Iraq and Afghanistan earlier this year .
Sen . Claire McCaskill , a Missouri Democrat , drew the wrath of her mother for tweeting during President Barack Obama ’s speech to a joint session of Congress Feb. 24 .
“ Ok ok .
Mom ’s upset that I was rude at Pres speech re : tweets .
For the record I tweeted bfor , at very beginning & after speech , ” McCaskill later told her followers .
Tweeting during Obama ’s speech was a source of laughs for comedian Stephen Colbert , who joked that even the president was doing it : “ OMG , totally addressing Congress .
LOL Mitch McConnell looks like a turtle . ”
All comedy aside , lawmakers who embrace new technology understand that the Internet already has drastically changed the political landscape , said Rep. John Culberson , a Republican from Texas who claims to have been the first U.S. politician to chat with constituents through a computer back in 1987 .
“ Whether we like it or not , the electronic information superhighway will force us all to change .
It ’s not survival , it ’s evolution . ”
As members of Congress embrace social networking , Twitter could possibly shape the language of politics in unexpected ways .
Richard Hanley , who teaches new media at Quinnipiac University , said he can envision a day when a senator at a congressional hearing poses the following question : “ What did you tweet , and when did you tweet it ? ”
Via Physorg.com
Obviously , this is an amazingly pimped bacon , egg , and cheese .
I am an obsessive maker of bagels , so this seemed like the next logical step .
Step 1 : The bagel creation begins .
Added bonus of huge bagel is that the hole in the middle creates a little baby bagel .
Step 2 : Bacon weave - it 's very popular right now , but I assure you I was looking into this MONTHS ago .
Step 3 : The huge bagel fits perfectly in my big pot .
Very auspicious beginning ( also , I planned it that way ) .
Step 4 : The finished product after boiling and baking .
It 's a sesonoppy bagel .
You 've never heard of that ?
Oh .
It 's sesame , onion flakes , and poppy .
Some breakfast eaters were " disappointed " there was no salt included .
Step 5 : The bagel is cut in half .
Look at the precious baby bagel in the background .
Well , not in the sense that I want them to eat my minifigs ’ brains ( well , perhaps some of them ) , but in the sense that zombies make pretty much anything cooler .
The guys from The Big Toy Hut have put together a batch of minifigs inspired by the zombie megafigs by Andrew Bell :
While we ’re at it , here are a couple of really cool Joker minifigs from Dark Knight :
GM ( GM ) has 58 days to negotiate to convince bondholders to take a major haircut or debt - for - equity swap .
But it does n't sound like it 's going to happen .
Why not ?
Because the bondholders do n't seem interested in taking the ridiculous haircut that would be necessary for GM to be viable .
Why wo n't they take this haircut ?
Because many of the same bondholders presumably own credit default swaps on GM debt with AIG .
And the US government has already made clear that it will cover those CDS 's at 100 cents on the dollar .
In other words , if GM goes bankrupt ( defaults ) , the bondholders may be assured of getting all their money back !
Karl Denninger explains :
The government has provided a history now that says that if you are a holder of CDS written by AIG , you will get 100 cents on the dollar , even if the notes do n't default .
In addition that 100 cents is above what you would normally get even if there IS a default , because normally you have to tender the defaulted bond or the payout is limited by the recovery , and recovery on a defaulted bond is almost never zero .
So in this case the winning play , if you 're a big bondholder , is to tell GM to suck eggs ; you 'll get paid 100 cents on your CDS even though AIG has no money , because the taxpayer will make you whole on those CDS , even if the bonds have a recovery in bankruptcy .
In other words you could conceivably get more than 100 cents if you hold those bonds - so long as you also hold a CDS as a hedge .
It must be nice to be able to screw the taxpayer for more than a 100 % payout , right ?
The bondholders " committee " is all made up of big players who presumably are hedged , ergo , this has to be assumed to be part of their " thought process " - if not the controlling factor .
Read the whole thing >
Nothing Found
Sorry , but nothing matching " 386TO486 " was found .
If you Log in you could create a " 386TO486 " node .
If you do n't already have an account , you can register here .
The BBC has deliberately hacked into 22,000 PCs to prove the power of botnets , and the damage that can be done with a network of compromised computers .
Click – BBC News ' technology programme – with the help of anti-virus company Prevx , took over thousands of computers in order to demonstrate a growing problem in the modern world .
Botnets are networks of computers that have been compromised by cyber - criminals and can be used to launch distributed denial of service ( DDoS ) attacks on servers or , most commonly , to send out the deluge of spam that lands in the world 's inboxes daily .
Low -value
" Click managed to acquire its own low - value botnet - the name given to a network of hijacked computers - after visiting chatrooms on the internet , " said the BBC .
" The programme did not access any personal information on the infected PCs .
" If this exercise had been done with criminal intent it would be breaking the law . "
Easily done
Prevx demonstrated the ease in which people can ' rent ' botnets for their own use earlier this year when TechRadar visited Director of Malware Research Jacques Erasmus .
Commenting on the BBC project , Erasmus said " Cybercriminals are getting into contact with websites and threatening them with DDoS attacks .
" The loss of trade is very substantial so a lot of these websites just pay - up to avoid it . "
The BBC points out that it ' destroyed ' its botnet after finishing its project .
Last time we compiled our must - have Firefox extensions , it was two years ( and one browser version ) ago .
Our new list keeps some , tosses others , and remains our go - to , Grandmaster list of the best Firefox add - ons .
Advertisement
Top 10 Must - have Firefox Extensions Click to viewIf ever a software application was built to be more than itself , it 's Mozilla Firefox .
Read more
All four of the editors you see posting here daily were asked to name the extensions they think have the most day - to - day value while also adding something new and unique to the open - source browser .
It was reassuring to see that more than half of the extensions we featured last time ' round are still on the list , as they obviously kept their value .
But four newcomers cropped up in the two years since then , and were innovative enough , or showed enough potential , to make it on our new compendium .
Advertisement
Top 10 Must - have Firefox Extensions Click to viewIf ever a software application was built to be more than itself , it 's Mozilla Firefox .
Read more
Each Top 10 entrant is linked to the page where Firefox users can install them from .
See if you can't find something new for your browsing routine below .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 " 8 K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
We like it because we 're bloggers , having to quote and copy links and code every day , but anyone who does a fair amount of copying to and from the web will dig AutoCopy .
The basic use :
It copies anyt text you select on the web as soon as you select it — no Ctrl +C necessary .
For pasting into text forms , you simply hit the middle mouse button rather than Control + V.
If that 's all it did , hey , we 'd recommend it to anyone who writes , copies , or pastes a lot , but we also have to point out that it fixes really long , wrap - broken URLs automatically .
Three cheers for fewer pinky - finger stretches !
Advertisement
Advertisement
It 's a bit more technical than most browser extensions , but for all intents and purposes , Gears is an easy - to - install add - on that unlocks an entirely new world to the internet .
Primarily , it takes Google apps offline — Gmail , Google Reader , Docs , and Calendar — but a handful of other apps make good use of its mini-database powers , including Remember the Milk and PassPack .
Still , given the kind of impressive implementation Offline Gmail received , we 've only scratched the surface of the potential in them there gears .
Gmail Goes Offline with Google Gears Today Gmail Labs released a new feature that bridges the gap between desktop and web - based … Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
Personal Menu is kind of a next - generation version of the much - loved Tiny Menu , accomplishing the same basic but totally great effect :
Giving the web content you 're actually looking at more space to breath .
It does this by stripping the screen - wide menu bar at the top of Firefox 's windows and converting it into a single drop - down menu , then lets you choose which of those menus show up in it .
Keyboard shortcut ninjas can enable an option to temporarily bring back the menu bar when Alt is pressed , and the extension auto - adds a history and bookmarks button to the main toolbar to compensate for the two most active menus .
Advertisement
Advertisement
It 's not a revelation that Gmail functionality is one of our pet obsessions .
Better Gmail 2 fixes or answers a lot of our Gmail complaints and wishes in one neat package .
You can individually enable or kill any of Better Gmail 's more than a dozen fixes and improvements , and whenever a great new Gmail user script hits the Greasemonkey realm , you can count on seeing it added to Better Gmail by our own Gina Trapani .
Advertisement
Not a tool you need every day , but really useful when you want it , DownThemAll is a selective , powerful download manager .
It makes short work of snatching all the images on a page ( including those links to the " bigger " or " zoom " versions ) , all the MP3s off a music blog , or any other kind of filter you can set up .
Gina 's showed us how to do some smart tune - grabbing and Flickr downloading with her guide to supercharging your Firefox downloads with DownThemAll , but her walkthrough should work for any types of files and any page .
Incidentally , DownThemAll is n't just one of our favorites — it 's also the most popular download manager among Lifehacker readers .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Remember browsing before tabs ?
We kind of recall a faint smell of kerosene and words like " dubloon " still in use .
In all seriousness , browser tabs are the key ingredient to how many of us multi-task on the web every day , and Tab Mix Plus is a master key for everything you like or loathe about tabs .
It controls which links open in a new tab , new window , or same window to an OCD - friendly level , adds key features like italicizing the text on tabs you have n't viewed yet , and super - powers Firefox 's undo closed tab feature .
It gets way , way more intricate than that , but even for just the bare basics , it 's totally worth the install .
Advertisement
This one is technically an experimental , non-Mozilla - approved download , but with the positive reaction it received in our experimental extensions round - up , and experimental extensions no longer requiring a sign - up and log - in , it 's more than worth stepping out on the ledge .
It 's the smart - downloading companion to DownThemAll , placing the files you download in a certain folder on your system based on the file extension or the site you grab it from .
So if you always want the .xls spreadsheets you grab from Gmail to go into your Reports folder , but an .xls you grab from anywhere else to show up on your Desktop like everything else , you set the rules .
JPG files from your friends '
Flickr page , versus photo downloads off the rest of the net ?
Tell them where they should go .
It keeps your folders and desktop clean , and sets up rules you should n't have to tweak much after one go — truly an extension after our own geeky hearts .
Advertisement
Advertisement
You knew this would be here , did n't you ?
Ad - blocking can make the internet a more tolerable place to look around , and AdBlock Plus does this with a powerful ad - blocking feed subscription you can pick at start - up .
Alternately , any ads you find particularly distracting ( " ONE RULE TO A FLAT STOMACH : OBEY " ) can be right - clicked on and killed in perpetuity with " Adblock Image . "
Ads can be brought back if you 're feeling curious , but as many a commenter ( and AdBlock - loving editor ) has said :
After getting used to AdBlock Plus , you forget what the internet truly looks like until you turn this extension off .
Lifehacker is , of course , an advertising - supported site , so we'd love it if you kept our ads displaying , opting instead to individually kill only the ones that make your eyeballs itch .
Advertisement
For Firefox changes that require deep browser integration ( like adding a new button to the browser 's chrome ) , there are extensions .
For everything else , there 's Greasemonkey .
Greasemonkey is a difficult extension for the uninitiated to wrap their heads around , but once they do , it 's a breeze .
In essence , Greasemonkey is a meta-extension of sorts .
It does nothing by default when first installed ; the power lies in Greasemonkey user scripts developed by JavaScript - wielding geeks fed up with under - performing sites or interested in bringing more power to the sites they already love .
If you do n't like seeing labels on your Gmail messages , but would n't mind seeing them when your pointer hovers over them , there 's a fix .
Want YouTube to acknowledge your bandwidth and load high - quality clips by default ?
Same deal .
Those are just a few recent examples , but the list goes on , and the fixes keep getting better .
You can find Greasemonkey scripts all over the web , but if you 're just getting started , you may also want to check out Userscripts.org — sort of like Mozilla 's add - ons site but for Greasemonkey scripts .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Foxmarks is gradually rebranding as Xmarks , but what we really like about Fox / Xmarks remains the same as the last time it claimed the Must - Have crown :
It 's nearly seamless at keeping your bookmarks and passwords synchronized between browsers on any platform , and stores them on a site you can visit from any browser where you can't install an extension .
If you 're not down with the cloud , you can even tell this extension to store your stuff on your own server .
Foxmarks is also available on IE and Safari , and you can separate your work bookmarking from ooh - cool life stuff with selective bookmark profiles .
It 's the tool that lets you keep fleeting thoughts , IM links , and other ephemeral web stuff all together , so of course we dig on it .
The transition to Xmarks adds a few semi-nifty , social -y features to your searching and bookmarking , but if you 're not keen on those changes , you can easily disable them in the Xmarks preferences .
Advertisement
Our top 10 is by no means definitive for everyone on the web , so tell us which extensions that were n't included cry out for a recount , or at least a re-think , and which included extension are n't your cup of tea .
Drop your favorites and argue your case in the comments .
What makes a movie controversial ?
By definition , controversial means to cause contention , strife , debate , or argument .
Movies that are controversial typically touch on topics that the general public finds socially unacceptable .
Typical topics usually include sex , religion , violence , and politics .
Before we share our list of some of the most controversial movies of all time , let ’s explore the history of controversy in film , seeing how controversial topics have and have n’t changed over the years .
The History of Controversy in Film
Like most forms of media that allow people to send a message to the public , controversy has been present in film since film has been around .
One of the first controversial films known is from 1896 and was titled The Kiss .
This was a silent short film , and at the time it was very scandalous .
The film was the first filming of a , then physically unattractive , couple ’s extended kiss , magnified on a screen .
It was 47 seconds long , and at the time very controversial because intimate public displays of affection were socially unacceptable .
One critic of the time wrote “ The spectacle of the prolonged pasturing on each other ’s lips was beastly enough in life size on the stage but magnified to gargantuan proportions and repeated three times over it is absolutely disgusting . ”
A little further down the road , another example was the movie Scarface in 1932 .
At the time this movie was thought to glorify gangsters , so it was the subject of a lot of censorship to change the film from its original form to a version that condemned gangsterism .
It was banned in several states and foreign showings were limited .
Moving to another well - known movie , the original Psycho ( 1960 ) was full of controversial topics at the time including transvestism , implied incest , and necrophilia .
This is in addition to specific scenes such as a toilet bowl flushing .
As an example of controversial political movies , in 1991 JFK was a movie that was created from merged sources into a depiction of events surrounding the assassination of John F. Kennedy .
The film is intended to have a semblance of truth yet does not necessarily depict real history .
The last half of the film featured memorable segments to disprove the idea that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone , causing controversy around its politics .
In 2004 , Farenheit 9/11 was a controversial “ documentary ” film about George W. Bush ’s war on terror .
Some conservatives did not want theaters to screen it and it was rated R under protest from the creator .
These are just a few examples of controversial movies throughout the history of film .
There are actually a large number of them , although most have never hit the mainstream public .
More Controversial Movies ( as Submitted by Our Readers )
In the comments on this post when our list was originally published , some of our readers disagreed with our inclusions .
So they submitted some of their own picks for the most controversial movies of all time .
Here are some of their picks .
Last Temptation of Christ
Kill Bill 1 and 2
Basic Instinct
Rambo
Lolita
Salo , or 120 Days of Sodom
Caligula
Now let ’s get to our original list of controversial films .
Here are a few of the most controversial movies of all time .
Note that this list is by no means comprehensive — there are many more .
The Da Vinci Code ( 2006 ) – Ron Howard
Starring : Tom Hanks , Audrey Tautou , Ian McKellen
This religious conspiracy thriller is an adaptation of Dan Brown ’s best - selling novel about the members of the Priory of Sion and an underground Catholic society trying to prevent a French police cryptologist and a symbologist from telling the world about a powerful secret that ’s been hidden for thousands of years .
The movie was criticized by the Roman Catholic Church and several bishops asked members to boycott the film .
There were protests outside movie theaters .
Even albinos were offended by the way they were portrayed in the film .
In spite of the controversy , the movie was the second highest grossing movie of 2006 worldwide .
United 93 ( 2006 ) – Paul Greengrass
JJ Johnson , Gary Commock , Polly Adams
This is a story of the unfortunate but heroic crew members and passengers of United Flight 93 , which was the fourth hijacked plane flying from Newark , NJ to San Francisco on 9/11 .
The presence of the FAA ground crew and military officers involved in the actual event in the film as cast members , made it all the more realistic .
In spite of the film being made very sensitively and with immense respect to those heroes without any theories , personal dramas or additions , it was still criticized for its trailer .
Many said that the trailer looked as if it were a conventional thriller .
There were some who thought it was too soon after the event ( after five years ) .
Universal received criticism that a national tragedy was being exploited .
Passion Of The Christ ( 2004 ) – Mel Gibson
James Caviezel , Maia Morgenstern , Christo Jivkov
The fear , excitement , expectation , passion , tears , wonder that this film generated was huge .
The life - changing experiences credited to this movie are many .
This movie is about Jesus Christ and the brutal depiction of his suffering during his last 12 hours on Earth which , according to Christian beliefs , was brought about by his unconditional love for us .
It raked considerable controversy because of the crucifixion scenes that are bloody , vicious and torturous .
Religious leaders were upset about the Catholic interpretation of the Bible and Jews called the film anti-Semitic and believed that Jews would be blamed for the death of Jesus .
Gibson revealed that he made it extremely shocking in order for people to understand the enormous sacrifice .
When it was finally released , it broke all records and became the highest grossing independent film of all time .
http://youtu.be/Ergf5P9EP6U
Fahrenheit 9/11 ( 2004 ) – Michael Moore
Ben Affleck , Stevie Wonder
This controversial movie ridicules President Bush .
Critics were of the opinion that the movie demoralizes the country and was propagandistic , more so because it was an election year .
Many conservative groups asked theaters not to screen it .
Disney also felt that this film could alienate customers and decided not to distribute it .
This film has the distinction of winning a top prize called the Palme D’or at the Cannes Film Festival .
It also broke the record for the highest earning in the opening - weekend in the US for a documentary .
Dogma ( 1999 ) – Kevin Smith
Ben Affleck , Matt Damon , Linda Fiorentino
This writer / director ’s comic fantasy was at the center of a controversy , as the content was considered to be an insult to the Catholic Church .
The movie is about two fallen angels , Loki and Bartleby and how they discover a way to get back to heaven through a loophole in the Catholic Church dogma .
This was controversial as it showed that God is fallible which was not acceptable to religious leaders , who perceived an anti-Christian message .
Many could not digest the transformation God has gone through in this film , from the patriarchal God to a more playful and feminine God .
The filmmakers were said to have received more than 300,000 instances of hate mail and death threats .
Stigmata ( 1999 ) – Rupert Wainwright
Starring : Patricia Arquette and Gabriel Byrne
The film centers on an atheist hairdresser from Pittsburgh who exhibits true stigmata and an ordained Jesuit priest who was a former scientist .
A powerful Vatican cleric attempts to kill the hairdresser , and she and the priest go on the run .
It was very controversial when it was released because it showed a Vatican senior clergy as ruthless in trying to kill the hairdresser .
Then there was the romance between her and the priest , as well as the manifestation of the Holy Stigmata which was said to border on demonic possession .
Still , it earned $ 18.3 million in its first weekend .
Kids ( 1995 ) – Larry Clark
Leo Fitzpatrick , Sarah Henderson , Justin Pierce
This 1995 drama revolves around one day in the life of a few teenagers in New York City .
One HIV - positive amoral teenager sets out to have sex with as many virgins as possible and a local girl , who contracted HIV from him , is out to save his next target .
Some people considered it a window for our worst fears about what our children are doing when they are out there on the streets .
However , the film was embroiled in a major controversy due to the depiction of teenagers ’ unrestrained behavior towards sex , use of profanity , alcohol , tobacco , marijuana and drug ecstasy .
It was also said that it showed parenting at its very worst .
Natural Born Killers ( 1994 ) – Oliver Stone
Anthony Quinn , Irene Papas , Michael Ansara
This film was called one of the best films of the 1990s by many .
It takes a look at our immoral and corrupt society that showcases serial killers as media celebrities and cultural icons .
The film ’s protagonists are bad and they kill not only for love and passion , but also for fun .
They go on a three - week murder spree and once they are arrested , they become celebrities .
The film offers a look at our media ’s obsession with sensationalism even with the criminals in our society .
The scenes in the film are said by some to be too graphic , violent and disturbing .
It was lambasted as loathsome and evil .
In the UK , the public screening was delayed because the film inspired similar shooting sprees in the US , which included the Columbine High School Massacre .
JFK ( 1991 ) - Oliver Stone
Kevin Costner , Kevin Bacon , Tommy Lee Jones , Laurie Metcalf , Gary Oldman
This movie is about DA Jim Garrison ’s investigation of the assassination of John F. Kennedy .
It was meant to demonstrate that Kennedy ’s assassination was not the act of a disturbed Marxist loner but the result of a right - wing conspiracy .
It includes a lot of speculation about the misconduct of the government and the testimonies of many unreliable individuals .
The movie became embroiled in controversy when it was being filmed .
Stone was blamed by the Media for ladling out unverifiable hypotheses .
American newspapers ran several editorials that criticized the liberties taken with historical facts , including the implication that President Lyndon B. Johnson was also involved in the conspiracy .
http://youtu.be/LwfI93JFyUY
Cannibal Holocaust ( 1980 ) – Ruggero Deodato
Robert Kerman , Francesca Ciardi , Perry Pirkanen
Cannibal Holocaust is the story of a film crew that disappeared during the making of a documentary on the last surviving tribes of cannibals .
This film caused a huge storm of controversy when it was first released because it was extremely graphic , violent , gross , and so real that people thought it really happened .
As a result , it was banned in many countries .
Some of these scenes included castration , eating guts , forced abortion , several animal slaughterings , gang rape , the impalement of a woman on a pole and beatings with large hammers .
The director was jailed in Italy on charges of murder and faced life imprisonment and later he had to prove that no one was actually killed .
However , real animals were killed on - screen as a part of the film .
This movie could not be released for five years and it was banned in the UK and many other countries for 20 years .
http://youtu.be/TEGZ1mCgakg
The Message ( 1976 ) – Moustapha Akkad
Anthony Quinn , Irene Papas , Michael Ansara
The original name of this 1977 movie was “ Mohammad , Messenger of God , ” which was given this title for the U.S. release .
It was set in the 7th century Mecca and chronicles the beginnings of Islam and the life and times of the Prophet of Islam , Muhammad .
Problems arose when it was wrongly rumored that Peter O’Toole and Charlton Heston would be in the lead roles .
This caused bloody riots for two days .
Even Saudi Monarch King Faisal withdrew his offer of $ 60 million as well as banned filming on location in Mecca and Medina .
Akkad was then forced to move it to Morocco and find financial backing from Colonel Muammar al - Qaddafi , the Libyan leader .
The original title had to be changed to The Message because religious groups called the film an insult to Islam and it was banned in most Arab countries .
http://youtu.be/gLvNb7jXWt0
The Exorcist ( 1973 ) – William Friedkin
Ellen Burstyn , Max von Sydow , Lee J. Cobb
This landmark film that stirred unparalleled controversy is an adaptation of the blockbuster book by William Peter Blatty , a true story of a 13 - year - old boy from Maryland .
It is one of the most frightening , disturbing and shocking films ever made and was one of the most opposed .
During its pre-release , there were nine deaths associated with the production and a request for exorcising the set was made .
It revolves around the demonic possession of a young girl and her mother ’s efforts to bring her little girl back with an exorcism with the help of two priests .
The spewing of green puke , self - mutilation , masturbation with a crucifix , and other such scenes along with obscenities and blasphemies led to the film being widely criticized as medical pornography .
It was also alleged that the film used subliminal imagery .
The film was banned on video in the UK for 15 years .
This movie won the Academy Awards for best screenplay and best sound .
Deep Throat ( 1972 ) – Gerard Damiano
Harry Reems , Linda Lovelace , Dolly Sharp , Carol Connors
This movie has a simplistic plot about a sexually frustrated woman who wanted to hear bells during sex and so she follows her doctor ’s advice .
It was a hardcore porn film — the first of its kind to become a hit .
After the release , the film and the people associated with it were at the epicenter of a cultural war .
It was banned in many places for its obscenity .
Actor Harry Reems was also prosecuted by the federal government on charges of obscenity .
In the UK , it was banned upon release and after ten years , the ban was upheld .
The DVD was allowed to be sold in 2000 only in licensed sex shops in the UK .
The documentary , Inside Deep Throat , gives a glimpse into the film ’s production history and its impact on American culture .
A Clockwork Orange ( 1971 ) – Stanley Kubrick
Malcolm McDowell , Patrick Magee , Michael Bates
This science fiction film is a satirical juvenile delinquency film adapted from Anthony Burgess ’s novel .
This is the story of Alex , the teenage protagonist who gets his kick from ultra-violence and rape .
He volunteers for a behaviorist experiment that takes away his capacity to do evil and returns him to the world defenseless and a victim to his former victims .
It was surrounded by controversies and highly opposed by religious groups for its glamorization of violence and sexual content .
Feminists were outraged with some of the scenes – such as the very long rape scene , the highly obscene female poses of the furniture at Korova bar , a giant - sized sculpture of a penis , and a snake gliding toward a woman ’s private parts .
The film was taken off from circulation after a year in Britain , because of the criticism from the courts and the media , and was only available again after the director ’s death in 2000 .
http://youtu.be/gmm5jeeH8mY
The Devils ( 1971 ) – Ken Russell
Oliver Reed and Vanessa Redgrave
This film was set in the city of Loudon in 1634 , and was a loose adaptation of Aldous Huxley ’s The Devils Of Loudon .
The film is about a 17th century womanizing French priest , Urbain Grandier , whose sex life , religious and political opinions earned him many enemies .
To bolster these claims against him , nuns performed orgiastic rituals in the Church and this led to his conviction and the burning of him alive at the stake .
The film was met with controversy and was greatly opposed due to the depiction of blasphemy and the general content .
It had censorship issues in all the countries it was released in and it provoked outrage from Christian groups and audiences .
Bonnie and Clyde ( 1967 ) – Arthur Penn
Warren Beatty , Faye Dunaway , Michael J. Pollard
This is based loosely on the true exploits of Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker during the 30s .
Bonnie and Clyde embark on their legendary crime spree and crave adventure .
The youth of the counter - culture movement of the 1960 ’s identified with these rebellious and sympathetic characters .
However , the film raked in its fair share of controversy because of the cascading violence as the two main characters turn brutal .
The combination of sex and violence and the mix of humor and murder were seen as glorifying violence .
Some people even said that Arthur Penn made this film as an expression of his own discontent with the nation .
Newspaper critics had negative reactions to this film , but it gained critical acclaim and was nominated for ten Academy Awards .
Baby Doll ( 1956 ) – Elia Kazan
Karl Malden , Carroll Baker , Eli Wallach
Baby Doll is about a married , pretty 19 - year - old girl who sleeps in a crib and sucks her thumb , while her husband waits to consummate their marriage when she turns 20 .
Meanwhile , a rival cotton gin owner who suspects the husband of burning down his gin , takes revenge in the most erotic way possible .
This film was highly controversial when it was released .
The Legion of Decency condemned it for being immoral .
There was so much negative talk that it had to be withdrawn from more than 70 % of the theaters in the US .
Even film critics labeled it as a highly pornographic film .
Triumph of the Will ( 1935 ) – Leni Rienfenstahl
Adolf Hitler , Hermann Göring , Max Amann , Martin Bormann , Walter Buch
It was called the most controversial and horrific film of all time and was banned for several years .
It was about the 1934 Nazi party rally and was commissioned by the Nazi Fuhrer leader , Adolf Hitler .
He wanted Leni Rienfenstahl to make this documentary as a celebration of the sixth Nazi Reich Party Congress held Nuremberg in 1934 .
This film showed glorified accounts of the unjust Nazi regime .
This was and still is considered to be the most powerful propaganda film ever made .
After the war , allies imprisoned the director for four years .
Protests greeted her throughout and she could never clear her image of her Nazi - tainted past , in spite of her pleas .
The Birth of a Nation ( 1915 ) – D.W. Griffith
Lillian Gish , Mae Marsh , Henry B. Walthall
This film did not have a screenplay , and Griffith made it as he went along .
The story revolves around two white families separated by the Civil War and reunited .
This movie excelled in outdoor and night photography and panoramic long shots but has become highly controversial for its outlandish racial prejudices , its vicious portrayal of blacks as conniving and sexually animalistic , its pro-Klan stance , and endorsement of enslavement .
It invoked a major censorship battle and riots broke out in many places in the US .
Lawsuits and picketing plagued the film for many years .
It again stirred new controversy in 1993 , when it was voted as one of the top 100 American films .
Values change with the passing of time , and what was shocking in the past may not impact us in the same way now .
Yet the film makers who brave controversy to get their thoughts across live on forever through their unforgettable creations .
Note :
This post was originally published on March 22 , 2009 .
It was updated with some background on controversy in film and a list of additional controversial movies submitted by readers on its currently - listed publication date .
2
2
2
2
We know that lifespan can be extended in some animals by restricting calories such as sugar intake shortly after birth .
Université de Montréal scientists now say that it's not sugar itself that is important in this process but the ability of cells to sense its presence .
Aging is a complex phenomenon and the mechanisms underlying aging are yet to be explained .
What researchers do know is that there is a clear relationship between aging and calorie intake .
For example , mice fed with half the calories they usually eat can live 40 percent longer .
How does this work ?
As part of the study , Université de Montréal Biochemistry Professor Luis Rokeach and his student Antoine Roux discovered to their surprise that if they removed the gene for a glucose sensor from yeast cells , they lived just as long as those living on a glucose - restricted diet .
In short , the fate of these cells does n't depend on what they eat but what they think they 're eating .
There are two obvious aspects of calorie intake : tasting and digestion .
By the time nutrients get to our cells there is an analogous process : sensors on the surface of the cell detect the presence of , for example , the sugar glucose and molecules inside the cell break down the glucose , converting it to energy .
Of these processes , it is widely thought that the by - products of broken down sugars are the culprits in aging .
The study by Rokeach and Roux suggests otherwise .
Longer chronological life span correlates with higher mitochondrial respiration and increased oxygen stress resistance , except with Gpastrain where loss of survival correlates only with weaker oxidative stress resistance .
( A ) CLS of doi:10.1371/journal.pgen.1000408
The 10th annual American Lung Association State of the Air report released April 29 finds that six out of ten Americans -- 186.1 million people -- live in areas where air pollution levels endanger lives .
State of the Air 2009 acknowledges substantial progress against air pollution in many areas of the country , but finds nearly every major city still burdened by air pollution .
Despite America ’s growing “ green ” movement , the air in many cities became dirtier .
The State of the Air report includes a national air quality “ report card ” that assigns A - F grades to communities across the country .
The report also ranks cities and counties most affected by the three most widespread types of pollution ( ozone — or smog , annual particle pollution , and 24 - hour particle pollution levels ) and details trends for 900 counties over the past decade .
“ This should be a wake - up call .
We know that air pollution is a major threat to human health , ” said Stephen J. Nolan , American Lung Association National Board Chair .
“ When 60 percent of Americans are left breathing air dirty enough to send people to the emergency room , to shape how kids ’ lungs develop , and to kill , air pollution remains a serious problem . ”
The report finds that air pollution hovers at unhealthy levels in almost every major city , threatening people ’s ability to breathe and placing lives at risk .
Some of the biggest sources of air pollution , including dirty power plants , dirty diesel engines and ocean - going vessels , also worsen global warming .
“ The more we learn , the more urgent it becomes for us to take decisive action to make our air healthier , ” added Nolan .
Many cities , like Los Angeles , New York , Atlanta , Charlotte , Philadelphia , Washington , D.C. , and Baltimore have made considerable improvements in their air quality over the past decade .
People living in some of these cities however , are breathing even dirtier air than what was reported in the Lung Association ’s 2008 report .
Only one city — Fargo , N.D. — ranked among the cleanest in all three air pollution categories covered in State of the Air .
advertisement
Ozone
Sixteen cities making this year ’s 25 most ozone - polluted list experienced worsened ozone ( smog ) problems than last year ’s report found .
Fifty - eight percent of people in the United States live in counties with recorded unhealthy levels of ozone air pollution , measured against the tighter standard in effect since March 2008 .
The new standard showed that unhealthy ozone levels are more widespread and more severe than previously recognized .
The report ’s review of the past 10 years identified consistent improvements in ozone in some cities , most notably Los Angeles , which has long been recognized for its serious ozone problem .
By contrast , two cities , Dallas - Ft. Worth and Las Vegas , have higher ozone levels than 10 years ago .
The report reviewed all previous data against the new EPA standard to appropriately trace the trends .
Ozone is the most widespread form of air pollution .
When inhaled , ozone irritates the lungs , resulting in something like a bad sunburn .
The health effects of breathing ozone pollution can be immediate .
Ozone can cause wheezing , coughing and asthma attacks .
Breathing ozone pollution can even shorten lives .
“ More than 175 million Americans live in areas with unhealthy smog levels — that ’s 80 million more than we identified in last year ’s report , ” explained Charles D. Connor , American Lung Association President and CEO .
“ We at the American Lung Association believe that the new ozone standard is not yet strong enough to protect human health — an opinion nearly all scientific experts share . ”
Particle Pollution
advertisement
State of the Air grades counties for both 24 - hour and year - round particle pollution levels .
Particle pollution is a toxic mix of microscopic soot , diesel exhaust , chemicals , metals and aerosols .
It is the most dangerous and deadly of the outdoor air pollutants that are widespread in America .
Breathing in particle pollution can increase the risk of early death , heart attacks , strokes and emergency room visits for asthma and cardiovascular disease .
One in six people in the United States lives in an area with unhealthy year - round levels of fine particle pollution ( termed annual average levels ) .
Nine cities in the list of the 25 most polluted by year - round particle pollution showed measurable improvement , including five cities that reported their best year - round levels since the Lung Association began tracking this pollutant : Pittsburgh , Cincinnati , Atlanta , York , Pa. , and Lancaster , Pa .
The annual average level of particle pollution worsened in a dozen cities , including Bakersfield , Calif. , Los Angeles and Houston .
Roughly 3 in 10 Americans live in counties with unhealthful spikes of particle pollution which can last from hours to days ( termed 24 - hour levels ) .
Thirteen cities had more days — or more severe days — of spikes than in last year ’s report .
Eleven cities have improved continually since the 2007 report .
Emerging research has redefined the severity and immediate health impacts of particle pollution and ozone , as well as an expanded definition of specific groups at great risk .
New data show that women in their 50’s may be particularly threatened by air pollution and that diesel truck drivers and dockworkers who are forced to breathe exhaust on the job may face a greater risk of developing lung cancer or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
California researchers have tripled their estimate of the number of people that particle pollution kills each year in their state .
“ The science is rock - solid .
We now know that air pollution can impair the lung function of even the healthiest people , ” said Norman H. Edelman , MD , American Lung Association Chief Medical Officer .
“ Air pollution worsens asthma and is a direct cause of heart attacks , which makes people living with lung and heart disease especially vulnerable . ”
Low income people and some racial and ethnic groups often face greater risk from pollutants .
Pollution sources like factories and power plants may be closer to their homes .
Many live near areas with heavy highway traffic or have poor access to health care , which makes them even more vulnerable .
Some racial and ethnic groups have a higher prevalence of diseases like asthma or diabetes , which compounds the ill effects of air pollution for these groups .
“ We need to renew our commitment to providing healthy air for all our citizens — a commitment the United States made almost 40 years ago when Congress passed the Clean Air Act , ” Connor said .
“ After four decades , we still have much work to do .
America needs to cut emissions from big polluters like coal - fired power plants and ocean - going vessels .
We need to fix old dirty diesel engines to make them cleaner and strengthen the ozone standards to better protect our health .
We also need to improve the decaying infrastructure of air monitors .
America must now enforce the laws that help us improve our nation ’s air quality . ”
As America faces the challenges of air pollution , global warming and energy , the American Lung Association urges Congress , the EPA and individuals to choose solutions that help solve all three challenges together .
Some steps that sound like good solutions for one problem can make air pollution worse .
Americans can make personal changes to improve air quality immediately and ultimately impact climate change as well : drive less ; do n’t burn wood or trash ; use less electricity ; and make sure local school systems require clean school buses .
Cleanest Cities In USA
Cleanest U.S. Cities for Short - term Particle Pollution ( 24 Hour PM2.5 )
* Cities below had equal scores .
Alexandria , La .
Amarillo , Texas
Austin- Round Rock , Texas
Bismarck , N.D .
Brownsville - Harlingen - Raymondville , Texas
Cheyenne , Wyo .
Colorado Springs , Colo .
Corpus Christi-Kingsville , Texas
Fargo - Wahpeton , N.D. - Minn .
Farmington , N.M .
Fort Collins - Loveland , Colo .
Grand Junction , Colo .
Longview - Marshall , Texas
Midland - Odessa , Texas
Oklahoma City - Shawnee , Okla .
Portland - Lewiston - South Portland , Maine
Pueblo , Colo .
Redding , Calif .
Salinas , Calif .
San Luis Obispo - Paso Robles , Calif .
Santa Barbara - Santa Maria - Goleta , Calif .
Santa Fe-Espanola , N.M .
Sioux Falls , S.D .
Tucson , Ariz .
10 Cleanest U.S. Cities for Long-term Particle Pollution ( Annual PM2.5 )
* Cities listed in rank order .
Duplicate position numbers indicate ties .
1. Cheyenne , Wyo .
2. Santa Fe-Espanola , N.M .
3. Honolulu , Hawaii
4. Great Falls , Mont .
5. Flagstaff , Ariz .
6. Farmington , N.M .
7. Anchorage , Alaska
8. Tucson , Ariz .
9. Bismarck , N.D .
9. Salinas , Calif .
Cleanest U.S. Cities for Ozone Air Pollution
* Cities below had equal scores .
Billings , Mont .
Carson City , Nev .
Coeur D’Alene , Idaho
Fargo - Wahpeton , N.D. - Minn .
Honolulu , Hawaii
Laredo , Texas
Lincoln , Neb .
Port St. Lucie- Sebastian - Vero Beach , Fla .
Sioux Falls , S.D .
Most Polluted Cities in USA
10 U.S. Cities Most Polluted by Short - term Particle Pollution ( 24 Hour PM2.5 )
* Cities listed in rank order .
Duplicate position numbers indicate ties .
1. Pittsburgh - New Castle , Pa .
2. Fresno-Madera , Calif .
3. Bakersfield , Calif .
4. Los Angeles - Long Beach - Riverside , Calif .
5. Birmingham - Hoover - Cullman , Ala .
6. Salt Lake City - Ogden - Clearfield , Utah
7. Sacramento - Arden - Arcade - Yuba City , Calif.- Nev .
8. Logan , Utah
9. Chicago - Naperville - Michigan City , Ill. - Ind.-Wis .
9. Detroit - Warren - Flint , Mich .
U.S. Cities Most Polluted by Year - Round Particle Pollution ( Annual PM2.5 )
* Cities listed in rank order .
1. Bakersfield , Calif .
2. Pittsburgh - New Castle , Pa .
3. Los Angeles - Long Beach - Riverside , Calif .
4. Visalia -Porterville , Calif .
5. Birmingham - Hoover - Cullman , Ala .
6. Hanford - Corcoran , Calif .
7. Fresno-Madera , Calif .
8. Cincinnati-Middletown - Wilmington , Ohio - Ky .- Ind .
9. Detroit - Warren - Flint , Mich .
10 . Cleveland - Akron - Elyria , Ohio
U.S. Cities Most Polluted by Ozone
* Cities listed in rank order .
1. Los Angeles - Long Beach - Riverside , Calif .
2. Bakersfield , Calif .
3. Visalia -Porterville , Calif .
4. Fresno-Madera , Calif .
5. Houston - Baytown - Huntsville , Texas
6. Sacramento - Arden - Arcade - Yuba City , Calif.- Nev .
7. Dallas - Fort Worth , Texas
8. Charlotte - Gastonia - Salisbury , N.C. - S.C .
9. Phoenix - Mesa - Scottsdale , Ariz .
10 . El Centro , Calif .
The full State of the Air report can be found at http://www.stateoftheair.org.
A little - known equity research firm is out with a new report this week which could potentially shed some color on recent discoveries in Apple 's iPhone 3.0 beta software that suggest two architecturally unique iPhones may be in the cards for this spring .
" Our checks confirm that two versions of iPhones will be introduced this year , " Lazard Capital Markets semiconductors analyst Daniel Amir wrote in the opening paragraph of the report .
" Production of the new phones should start at the beginning of April and will ramp in May . "
More specifically , the analyst said both models are likely to be introduced this June , with one representing a " high - end " version and the other a " low - end " version .
But unlike analyst reports earlier this year , which suggested Apple was developing a scaled down iPhone in addition to a new high - end model as part of a volume play , Amir said he believes the two models will target different geographical regions rather than different classes of consumers .
" We believe it is possible that the two phones will be aimed at different regions , " he wrote .
" The high - end version is expected in North America and Europe , and the low - end version may be for the BRIC countries [ Brazil , Russia , India , and China ] or China only . "
Amir said the high - end version will have video capability , a better camera and 32 GB of storage while the low - end version will include less storage , no video functions , and possibly lack Wi -Fi — a move which could potentially cater to the demands of Chinese wireless carriers .
It was reported last fall that China Mobile was asking for Apple to deliver iPhones with both Wi-Fi and 3G disabled .
However , Apple has thus far failed to reach an agreement to deliver the iPhone to China with China Mobile and is more recently reported to have been seen at the bargaining table with the carrier 's smaller rival , China Unicom .
Assuming there 's some truth to Amir 's report , it could possibly explain why references to two distinct iPhone models were recently uncovered in the first external beta of iPhone Software 3.0 , namely " iPhone 2,1 " and " iPhone 3,1 . "
Apple makes changes to the first numeral in these kind of identifier strings to distinguish products from their predecessors or family members only when there 's a significant architectural difference between the two .
Despite some cosmetic changes , the original iPhone and iPhone 3G were largely based on the same component architecture , and are thus identified by the strings " iPhone 1,1 " and iPhone 1,2 . "
As part of his report this week , Amir also told clients that iPhone shipments for the first calendar quarter of the year ending tomorrow could come in as high as 4 million thanks to record shipments for the month of March .
" Our checks suggest that March iPhone shipments have been much stronger than previously expected and may reach 1.5 million units , which is the highest level over the past five months , " he said .
" Total iPhone shipments in [ first quarter of 2009 ] are therefore tracking slightly higher than Street expectations of 3 -3.5 million units and could reach 3.8 to 4 million units . "
Based on a similar round of checks , the analyst said second quarter shipments could surge as high as 8 million units , a range well above Street expectations .
This would reportedly include 5 million of the current iPhone 3G models that would be sold between the months of April and June .
" April shipments , including both the current and new versions of the iPhone , could increase 40 % - 50 % month - over - month , and be up another 20 % - 30 % month - over - month in May , " he wrote .
" Accounting for the new versions of the iPhone shipping in April , total iPhone shipments in [ the second quarter ] could reach 7 - 8 million units , which equates to approximately 3 - 4 times last yearâs shipments during the same period . "
It looks like someone flipped the switch a little early .
The Windows 7 Release Candidate download page on TechNet has made a premature appearance , much like the beta download page did before the beta was released to the public .
The public RC will apparently be coming in May 2009 , and not in April as previously rumored .
The RC testing program will be available at least through June 2009 , and the actual build will expire June 1 , 2010 .
Both 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions will be available in English , German , Japanese , French , and Spanish .
This is different from the beta , which was available in English ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , German ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , Japanese ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , Arabic ( 32 - bit and 64 - bit ) , and Hindi ( 32 - bit ) .
A quick glance at the hardware requirements shows no changes between Beta and RC requirements .
I expect the download page to be pulled soon , so I 've included a screenshot of the page and the text on it below :
Windows 7 Release Candidate
Published : May 2009
Download instructions
Welcome to Windows 7 Release Candidate ( RC ) testing .
We 're on our way to Windows 7 , and the RC is a great opportunity for IT professionals like you to take Windows 7 and begin testing it in your real environment .
You get to see what 's coming , and we get to see if our changes and fixes from the Beta testing are working correctly .
We want to encourage you to install and actively test the RC code .
This will help us ensure Windows 7 is the best possible release , and help you get ready for Windows 7 deployment .
Here 's what you need to know :
This is pre-release software , so please read the following to get an idea of the risks and key things you need to know before you try the RC .
You do n't need to rush to get Windows 7 RC .
The RC release will be available at least through June 2009 and we 're not limiting the number of product keys , so you have plenty of time .
Watch the calendar .
Windows 7 RC will expire on June 1 , 2010 .
So if you install the RC release you 'll either need to upgrade to the final version of Windows 7 before that date , or install a prior version of Windows .
( For more about installing Windows , see installation instructions .
Protect your PC and data .
Be sure to back up your data and please do n’t test Windows 7 RC on your primary home or business PC .
Technical details / updates : before installing the RC please read the Release Notes , and Things to Know for important information about the release .
Keep up with the news .
You can keep up with general technical information and news by following the Springboard Series blog or Windows team blog .
Want technical guidance , tips , and tools ?
Visit the Springboard Series on TechNet .
And , you can get non-technical news , tips , and offers on the Springboard Series on TechNet
Keep your PC updated :
Be sure turn on automatic updates in Windows Update in case we publish updates for the RC .
Microsoft Partners : Learn more about Windows 7on the Microsoft Partner Portal .
Here 's what you need to have :
Internet access ( to download Windows 7 RC and get updates )
A PC with these minimum recommended specifications : 1 GHz 32 - bit or 64 - bit processor or higher 1 GB of system memory or more 16 GB of available disk space Support for DirectX 9 graphics with 128 MB memory ( to enable the Aero theme ) DVD-R / W Drive
Please note these specifications could change .
And , some product features of Windows 7 , such as the ability to watch and record live TV or navigation through the use of " touch , " may require advanced or additional hardware .
Get the download
The 32 - and 64 - bit versions of Windows 7 RC are available in five languages : English , German , Japanese , French , and Spanish .
( Note : The RC version will not be available in Hindi or Arabic . )
Just choose the version that fits the system you 'll be using , pick your language , and click go to register for and download the RC .
Downloading the Windows 7 RC could take a few hours .
The exact time will depend on your provider , bandwidth , and traffic .
The good news is that once you start the download , you wo n't have to answer any more questions - you can walk away while it finishes .
If your download gets interrupted , it will restart where it left off .
See this FAQ for details .
Existing TechNet Plus subscribers , download the Windows 7 RC software here .
Not a subscriber yet ?
Learn more about TechNet Plus .
Select the Windows 7 RC version you want to download
Choose between the 32 - bit and 64 - bit versions , based on the version of Windows you are currently running and your machine ’s hardware configuration .
Each version is available in five languages : English , French , German , Japanese , and Spanish .
Download the 32 - bit ( x86 ) version : Select Your LanguageEnglishFrenchGermanJapaneseSpanish
Download the 64 - bit ( x64 ) version : Select Your LanguageEnglishFrenchGermanJapaneseSpanish
Information about Windows 7 is preliminary and subject to change .
Some product features of Windows 7 , such as the ability to watch and record live TV or navigation through the use of " touch , " may require advanced or additional hardware .
The features and functionality you find in the pre-release product may not appear in the final version of Windows 7 .
If we change the software before it ’s released , we ’ll change this information accordingly .
We ’re not making express or implied warranties with this information .
* WHO awaits U.S. confirmation on human - to - human spread
* If confirmed , phase 5 pandemic alert could be declared
* Questions remain on low mortality in Mexico
GENEVA , April 28 ( Reuters ) -
The WHO said on Tuesday it awaited formal confirmation from U.S. authorities the new swine flu virus has spread significantly between people , a sign that could indicate an " imminent " influenza pandemic .
Confirmation infected people in two countries are spreading the new disease to their families or contacts in a sustained way would meet the World Health Organisation 's criteria for declaring a phase 5 alert on its scale of 1 to 6 .
The United Nations agency raised its pandemic alert level to phase 4 from phase 3 on Monday as the virus spread to Europe .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) said on Monday some people who have had contact with confirmed cases were also developing flu - like symptoms .
" It appears , and I think we 're still awaiting for a final confirmation from the U.S. authorities , but it appears that there 's a number of cases in New York which appear to be human - to - human transmission , " WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl told a news briefing .
Such secondary transmission of the virus was " probable " , he later told reporters , adding : " If we have a confirmation from the United States or Canada , we could move to phase 5 . "
The emergency committee which recommended moving to phase 4 late on Monday -- a " turning point " , according to Hartl -- was not scheduled to meet on Tuesday .
But its experts could be convened at any time to make such decisions .
People have occasionally caught swine flu from a pig but it has stopped there .
Avian influenza has occasionally spread from one person to just one other person and stopped there .
But the new H1N1 flu appears to be spreading beyond that limited chain , which is what worries the WHO .
CENTRAL QUESTION
More than 15 WHO epidemiological experts have been deployed in Mexico to help authorities combat the outbreaks in the capital Mexico City and two other areas .
So far , 26 swine flu cases in Mexico have been confirmed by laboratory testing , including seven deaths , according to Hartl .
" What we have seen clearly as a result of these epidemiological investigations is there have been probably three smaller waves of human - to - human transmission and now there is an amplification among suspected cases , " he said of Mexico .
In all , the WHO has official laboratory confirmation of a total of 73 cases of the new swine flu virus worldwide .
They include 40 confirmed cases in the United States , 26 in Mexico , 6 in Canada and 1 in Spain .
The WHO 's official total does not include two cases British authorities have confirmed in a Scottish couple returning from their honeymoon in Cancun , Mexico , Hartl said , nor cases which authorities in New Zealand and Israel have announced .
The Geneva - based agency requires formal legal notification of cases .
Mexican authorities say the new strain has killed up to 149 people in Mexico , but are still investigating .
A central question is why Mexico is the only country so far where deaths have been confirmed , although the mortality rate has been relatively low in relation to the number of cases , while elsewhere infections have been mild .
" We do n't understand why the disease has been more severe in Mexico , " Hartl said .
" Has there been co-infection ?
They may be infected with other illnesses which made their illness more severe .
Maybe they are immuno - suppressed .
Maybe they did n't get medicines until late , maybe the disease was n't recognised . "
Neither do health authorities know where the virus -- which has elements of avian flu and human influenza -- began .
" We are still looking for the origin of this event , " Hartl said .
So far , all suspected and confirmed cases of swine flu in the current outbreak have involved infection from another person , unlike human cases of bird flu that mostly involve contact with infected poultry .
( For more Reuters stories on swine flu , click on [ nFLU ] ) ( For more Reuters swine flu coverage , please click here :
here
) ( For WHO information on swine flu , go to :
here
) ( Editing by Jonathan Lynn and Sophie Hares )
Seeing this video of treemap for perlcritic memory usage reminded me of something …
I ’d really like to be able to use treemaps in NYTProf reports to visualize the time spent in different parts , and depths , of the package namespace hierarchy .
Currently that information is reported in a series of tables .
A much better interface could be provided by treemaps .
Ideally allowing the user to drill - down into deeper levels of the package namespace hierarchy .
( It need n’t be this flashy , just 2D would be fine :-)
In case you ’re not familiar with them , treemaps are a great way to visualise hierarchical data .
Here ’s an example treemap of the disk space used by the files in a directory tree ( from schoschie )
Perl already has a Treemap module , which can generate treemap images via the Imager module .
Treemap is designed to support more output formats by sub-classing .
I guess it would n’t be hard to write a sub-class to generate HTML client - side image map data along with the image , so clicks on the image could be used to drill - down into treemaps that have more detail of the specific area that was clicked on .
More interesting , and more flexible , would be a sub-class to generate the treemap as a Scalable Vector Graphics diagram using the SVG module ( and others ) .
I ’m not going to be able to work on either of those ideas anytime soon .
Any volunteers ?
But there are costs to the required changes in lifestyle that a reduction in carbon dioxide production will require , and those potential impacts are rarely spelled out to the public , or to the politicians who must enact the legislation to put new laws in place .
However politicians , particularly in those districts that are likely to be impacted by the changes in regulations , are already showing some sensitivity to the potential negative aspects of “ cap and trade ” and so it might be worth exploring the topic in a little more depth .
When discussions arise about Climate Change , and the possibility that carbon dioxide and the other greenhouse gases are responsible for the rise in global temperatures , one prevailing argument is that “ we cannot afford to take the risk of the AGW argument being right , without doing something . ”
However , in that discussion , there is rarely any mention of possible negative consequences to mitigating against increased levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere .
The only positions mentioned are frequently the projections of dramatic rises in sea levels , the promise of worse storms , droughts and climate conditions and other projected severe costs of inaction .
The costs of the actions themselves are not addressed , and the implications are that the world will be a better place if some of the current trends in Climate Change are , if nothing further , stopped from progressing further .
The Energy Summit in Columbia last week allowed some of the utility companies to spell out the levels of cost that will be incurred if cap and trade legislation is enacted , based on a projected cost for the allowance to generate a ton of carbon dioxide .
But they largely built their discussion around the price of that portion of the electricity that they will still be allowed to generate .
A cap and trade system , however , comes in two parts .
The first part is to look at the overall production of carbon dioxide , say 6 billion tons / year , where the program cuts this back by , say 500 million tons a year .
( This is the reduction in the capacity to produce or the “ cap . ” )
For the sake of the following discussion I will assume that 1 ton of coal produces very roughly 3 tons of carbon dioxide to make the arithmetic easier .
The first argument of those who look at this problem of a reduced supply is to suggest that the gap can be met by improving efficiency of electrical use , and conservation .
However the implementation of a cap and trade policy is not predicated on that efficiency change happening , but it will occur as a separate event .
And Jevons Paradox will tell you that “ improving energy efficiency increases energy consumption . ”
So that the savings in power required are unlikely to be realized .
Which means that if the utilities are restricted in the amount of power that they can generate with carbon - producing strategies , then they must have alternate supplies in place .
Theoretically that may well be the case .
The number of states that are including a “ sustainable source ” quotient in their mandated supplies is steadily growing .
However , as Montana , for example , is discovering there may be a difference between the targets and the practical realities .
As credit has become tight , available funds for new farms are becoming harder to raise , and without a perceived increase in demand , it is harder to justify a new investment in plant when the old coal plant is still producing at a relatively low cost .
And without the lead time being used to produce the new energy sources that will be needed , when the time comes to flip that switch , it may not yet be connected .
The problem actually is a little worse that this .
Because most of the coal - fired power plants are quite old , and while maintained to continue to produce power , they are less efficient and more polluting that the more modern plants that are planned to replace them .
But with the anticipated change in regulation now that EPA has ruled on carbon dioxide , almost all the originally about 200 planned new coal - fired power plants are holding back on commitments and roughly half have cancelled or indefinitely postponed their planned construction .
Thus the increased supply of power from new plants may not appear .
There are two additional thoughts to consider .
The first is the proposed restriction on emissions from these new plants :
The ( Waxman – Markey ) proposal unabashedly bans new coal - fired electric plants .
In 2009 new coal - fueled electric plants are limited to 1100 pounds of carbon dioxide per megawatt - hour ( MWh ) and 800 pounds after 2020 .
Present fossil - fuel electric plants emit the following pounds of CO2 per MWh : 2100 for coal , 1900 for oil , and 1300 for natural gas .
. . .
The bill that includes " security " in its title limits our plentiful secure coal supply to discharges of about one - half that allowed for oil and natural gas .
The second is that some parts of the country do not have the ability to tap into the wind and solar resources that are currently being suggested as the solution to the problem .
( h/t Robert Rapier ) .
Productive wind is only available in a limited number of states and their regions , and similarly solar power cannot be relied on in a North - Eastern Winter .
One cannot legislate an alternative technology that does not yet exist to fill in the gaps between what will be allowed from the power plants of yesterday , and the demands that a rebounding economy may place upon them .
Mandating that the older suppliers of power close , before the new plants to replace them are installed will have significant consequences to the available jobs that can be supported , if the factories and industrial base begin to lose the reliability of the power sources that they have today .
Even , however , if they find some way of meeting the target for the renewable portion of their portfolio , the utilities wo n’t be out of the wood .
Because the purchase of the allocation for the carbon dioxide they do admit will also bring additional cost .
As noted at the Energy Summit a price of $ 50 per ton of carbon allocation would likely double electric bills in Missouri .
If the price per allocation ton was raised to $ 200 per ton ( which has been suggested as being necessary to support some alternate energy choices ) this would raise the cost by a factor of five ( i.e. a current electric bill of $ 200 would rise to $ 1,000 per month ) .
In much the same way as Secretary Chu recognized at the EIA Conference that increases in the cost of oil contributed to the severity of the recession , one can equally imagine that a similar effect will be felt with an equivalent rise in the cost of electricity .
The current path forward , with a hesitation in construction of new power plants holds the risk that the United States will not have the power that it needs in the future to match industrial and domestic demands .
In those cases it is often industry that is the first to see the cutbacks in supply when load shedding is needed .
But the resulting drop in production , and international competitiveness , may well damage or destroy the recovering economy after this recession comes to an end .
That too is a risk that should be protected against .
Things are n’t looking too hot for Sony CEO Howard Stringer .
Back in October his company predicted that it would end its current fiscal year with an operating profit of $ 2.2 - billion but a Japanese newspaper is reporting Sony is well on track for a loss of at least $ 1.1 billion .
So what happened to Sony ?
For starters the Japanese economy , the second largest in the world , was one of hardest hit victims of the credit crunch .
Japan ’s largest stock market index , the Nikkei 225 , ended 2008 down 50 % from where it was back in June .
Add to this the ongoing fear of deflation due to the rapidly strengthening Yen , soaring national debt , low consumer confidence and very bleak picture is painted of an economy that just does n’t have the cash to be buying high - end consumer electronics .
And of course it does n’t help that every single nation in the Western world is having severe economic troubles of its own .
The only positive thing going for Sony ( if you can even call if that ) is that its Q4 ends in March , meaning it has a couple more months to drastically cut costs .
If Sony do n’t make some fairly major moves , its losses on the year could rise to as much as $ 2 - billion .
Guess that means the $ 399 price tag on the PS3 is n’t going to come down any time soon .
Read
DRILL SERGEANT KITTEH WANTS YOU TO DROP AND GIVE HIM 20 !
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
By Rebecca Morelle
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Scientists believe they have solved the mystery of why some chimpanzees are so good at catching termites .
A team working in the Republic of Congo discovered that the chimps are crafting brush - tipped " fishing rods " to scoop the insects out of their nests .
They filmed the wild primates using their teeth to fashion the tools .
Writing in the Royal Society journal Biology Letters , the researchers said the probes ' frayed ends helped the chimpanzees to collect more termites .
Lead researcher Crickette Sanz , from the Max Planck Institute of Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig , Germany , said : " They have invented a way to improve their termite - fishing technique . "
Surveillance techniques Previous studies have suggested that wild chimpanzees use brush - tipped tools to fish for termites .
The chimps seem to understand the function of the tool and its importance in gathering termites
Crickette Sanz
But until now it has been unclear whether this was a specially crafted design feature or whether the frayed edges were a by - product of repeated tool use .
Using remote cameras to film the chimps as they sought out their insect snacks , the team was able to find an answer .
Dr Sanz told the BBC : " We found that in the Goualougo Triangle in the Republic of Congo , the chimpanzees were modifying their termite - fishing tools with a special brush tip . "
To make their rods , the chimps first picked some stems from the Marantaceae plant and plucked off the leaves .
" They then pulled the herb stems through their teeth , which were partially closed , to make the brush and they also attended to the brush by sometimes pulling apart the fibres to make them better at gathering the termites , " Dr Sanz added .
Learned skill Further research revealed that a stem with a frayed tip collected 10 times more termites than a pointed probe .
The chimps create the rods from plant stems Dr Sanz said : " The chimps seem to understand the function of the tool and its importance in gathering termites . "
So far , the team have only found this behaviour in chimps in the Goualougo Triangle .
The apparent absence of this in populations in eastern and western Africa suggests that it is not an innate skill found in all chimpanzees .
Instead it seems that the Goualougo primates are learning the crafting techniques from other chimps .
The researchers say they now want to find out if chimps in this region are creating any other kinds of tools .
Dr Sanz said : " Large areas of central Africa have been largely unstudied and so there are many populations that could have examples of complex tool use that we just do not know about . "
However , she added that further research might be hampered as the species was under threat .
" Just as we are learning about these exciting new complex tool behaviours , the chimps that are showing us these behaviours are under danger from logging , poaching and Ebola , " she explained .
" There is a lot we need to do to conserve the chimps in the Congo Basin . "
Dr Sanz worked on the paper with Josep Call , also from the Max Planck Institute of Evolutionary Anthropology , and David Morgan from the Wildlife Conservation Society and Chicago 's Lincoln Park Zoo .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I hope this diary is appropriate for this forum .
I do not post often as I am frankly humbled by the intelligence and depth of knowledge of the diarists , and I learn so much reading DK diaries .
That being said , I am asking the indulgence of this DK community to tell the story of what I have been through the last 12 hours .
We bought our truck new in 2006 .
It is not a truck for show , it is a necessary tool for his construction business .
I have made payments since 2006 and have paid off about 75 % of the loan .
We have only one car loan , my other car is an old ( but paid for ) clunker .
I do n't need to tell you that the construction business is dead and therefore , we fell three payments behind .
We started a new business and we are working 12 + hours a day and we are starting to see a little relief .
I spoke to Bank of America this week and promised them that I would pay them by 3/31 .
I was waiting for checks to clear and was going to pay the balance , as promised this coming Monday .
This morning ( 3/27 ) at 5 am , I awoke to the sound of my husband hollering in our yard .
The repo truck had already hooked up my truck and we were unable to stop them .
The repo man threatened my husband ( he literally said back off or you will never see your truck again , which was overheard by my child ) and damaged my property .
I did my best to calm the family and then waited for B of A to open .
I borrowed the money due , brought cash to the local B of A branch and paid the bill .
B of A put me in touch with a middle man of some sort who had me contact the guys who towed the truck .
After many phone calls and delays , I was finally able to retrieve my truck just after 5 pm .
Meeting the repo guys was an experience .
They were only reachable my cell phone , and we had to meet them in the parking lot of a local drug store an hour from my home .
The whole incident was so sketchy that my husband and I considered having the local police meet us with the repo guys in case they made additional demands .
I had to give Mr Repo even more money , for which he would not provide a receipt , but they did give me the truck back .
I came home and literally took a shower immediately .
I am not running away from any of the debts I have , and I have not tried to discharge them in bankruptcy .
We have cut back whereever we can and are working like slaves to dig out of the hole we are in .
We actually count our blessings that we are able to work , still have our home , had someone to borrow money from , etc .
But tonight , I am mad .
This is the same B of A that cut the credit line for my business two years ago ( no late payments ever , paid balance every month ) without telling me and then charged me an over the limit fee .
This is the same B of A that my family and I are paying to bail out .
Is it just that I am angry and humiliated , but it bother anyone else that they are named the Bank of America ?
Not my America !
UPDATE : Thanks for your support .
I can not tell you how it helps .
Rec list ... how cool !
Prominent Republican women can't get no satisfaction .
Can psychological research help ?
Blog Archive
The Stanton Peele Addiction Website , March 12 , 2009 .
This blog post also appeared on Stanton 's Addiction in Society blog at PsychologyToday.com .
Republican Women 's Sexual Frustration
Prominent Republican women seem to have a hard time gaining sexual satisfaction .
As I have previously written , Cindy McCain just does not come across as a hot tamale in bed ; her relationship with hubby John seems distant and - well - cold ( have you ever seen the two hug , or dance , or caress one another - like the Obama 's regularly do ? ) .
Even her drug preferences - she was charged with palming off prescriptions from her charity - are downers and painkillers that do n't suggest sexuality ( think Rush Limbaugh ) .
Recently , the McCain 's 23 - year - old daughter Meghan has been griping about her lousy love life .
Perhaps this is because her own mother is infinitely better tailored , coiffed , and turned out than she - although certainly less alluring and warm .
One fetishist who was fixated on her mother ickily propositioned the younger McCain .
" One extreme fan of my mother 's recently told me I could be ' his Cindy ' and then asked me if I ever wore pearls because they probably would look as good on me as they do on my mother . "
In addition , for Meghan , " nothing kills my libido quite like discussing politics . "
Meghan is having a hard time finding sexual role models among Republican women .
The beautiful and brilliant Ann Coulter wo n't serve .
At 47 , Ms. Coulter has never been married - the My Life section of her Web site mentions no relationships of any type , and instead lists her best - sellers .
As I understand her evangelic Christianity , combined with her singleness , she abstains completely from sex .
( Query to theologians : How far are single Christian women allowed to go ? )
But Meghan is unlikely to turn to Coulter for direction in her sexual life in any case , since she believes that " certain individuals continue to perpetuate negative stereotypes about Republicans .
Especially Republican women . . . the biggest culprit ?
Ann Coulter . "
Republican women 's sexual and relationship difficulties are surely manifested most seriously by the case of Mary Cheney , the daughter of former Vice President Dick Cheney .
Although the Bush / Cheney administration supported a constitutional ban on gay marriage and relied on anti-gay sentiment to get elected , Mary has been in a committed lesbian relationship since 1992 .
Yet in 2000 when Cokie Roberts brought up to Lynne Cheney Mary 's having declared herself gay , Mary 's mother abruptly objected that her daughter had " declared no such thing , " indicating this idea was a media invention .
Good daughter that she apparently is , Mary nonetheless ardently supported her father and his administration .
Having previously been a member of the Republican Unity Coalition , a gay advocacy group , she resigned to manage her father 's 2004 Vice Presidential re-election campaign .
People have naturally been puzzled by the gulf between her political affiliation and her personal life .
In 2007 , Ms. Cheney delivered a baby , but when asked about her child , she responded , " " This is a baby ...
This is a blessing from God .
It is not a political statement .
It is not a prop to be used in a debate by people on either side of an issue .
It is my child . "
If that alligns her sexuality with her Republicanism for you , then you 're a better pyschologist than I am .
The Republican party may be rife with divisions in 2009 , but the Republican female libido is in even worse shape .
As far as I can tell , Republican women do n't have an easy time with their sexuality whether married or single , celibate or available , gay or straight .
I 'm aware that ( a ) women are more likely than men to be Democrats , ( b ) Republicanism itself is on the wane , like some nearly eradicated disease .
But that still leaves a lot of seething female sexuality out there .
If researching this topic is n't worth an earmark or two , then I suggest we rethink our national priorities .
All Antonio Maria Abbatini Adam de la Halle Adam de St. Victor John Adson Agostino Agazzari Francois d'Agincourt Maria Teresa Agnesi Lodovico Agostini Paolo Agostino Johan Agrell Alexander Agricola Georg Ludwig Agricola Martin Agricola Johann Rudolf Ahle Gregor Aichinger Pierre Alamire Domenico Alberti Gasparo Alberti Johann Friedrich Alberti Ignazio Albertini Tomaso Albinoni Giuseppe Aldrovandini Vittoria Aleotti Alfonso X of Castile Gregorio Allegri Richard Allison Francisco Antonio de Almeida Michael Altenburg Charles d'Ambeville Eloy d'Amerval Elias Nikolaus Ammerbach John Amner Cataldo Amodei Juan de Anchieta Andrea da Firenze Felice Anerio Giovanni Francesco Anerio Jean - Henri d'Anglebert Giovanni Animuccia Costanzo Antegnati Andrea Antico Antonio da Cividale Benedictus Appenzeller Thomas Appleby Juan de Araujo Francisco Correa de Arauxo Thoinot Arbeau Jacob Arcadelt Attilio Ariosti Andreas Armsdorff Thomas Arne Arnold de Lantins Floriano Arresti Christian Heinrich Aschenbrenner Thomas Ashewell Caterina Assandra Hugh Aston Pierre Attaingnant Jacques Aubert Charles Avison Azalais de Porcairagues Filippo Azzaiolo William Babell Thomas Babou Christoph Bach Georg Christoph Bach Heinrich Bach Johann Ambrosius Bach Johann Bernhard Bach Johann Christian Bach Johann Christoph Bach Johann Egidius Bach Johann Ernst Bach Johann Jacob Bach Johann Ludwig Bach Johann Michael Bach Johann Nikolaus Bach Johann Sebastian Bach Johannes Bach Wilhelm Friedemann Bach Daniel Bacheler Rosa Giacinta Badalla Girolamo Baglioni Bálint Bakfark Pietro Baldassare Noel Balduin John Baldwin Adriano Banchieri John Banister Bartolomeo Barbarino Jacobus Barbireau Ottavio Bargagni Leonora Baroni Michel de la Barre Francesco Barsanti John Bartlet Bartolino da Padova Bartolomeo da Bologna Adreana Basile Adrien Basin Philippe Basiron Giovanni Battista Bassani Giovanni Bassano John Baston Thomas Bateson Adrian Batten Noel Bauldeweyn Cyprian Bazylik Dietrich Becker Paolo Bellasio Vincenzo Bellavere Giulio Belli Paolo Benedetto Bellinzani Antonia Bembo Franz Benda Cesare Bendinelli John Bennet Jacquet de Berchem Maternus Beringer Juan Bermudo Bernard de Cluny Stefano Bernardi Bernart de Ventadorn Christoph Bernhard Antonio Bertali Bertran de Born Antoine de Bertrand Alessandro Besozzi Elway Bevin Heinrich Ignaz Franz von Biber Gilles Binchois John Bishop Blanche of Castile Michel Blavet William Blitheman John Blow Mlle Bocquet Sebastian Bodinus Georg Böhm Antoine Boësset Joseph Bodin de Boismortier Capel Bond Aurelio Bonelli Pierre Bonhomme Guillaume Boni Severo Bonini Giuseppe Bonno Antonio Maria Bononcini Giovanni Battista Bononcini Giovanni Maria Bononcini Francesco Bonporti Giovanni Andrea Bontempi Melchior Borchgrevinck Borlet Franciscus Bossinensis Loys Bourgeois William Boyce Simon Boyleau Jacques Boyvin Hans Brachrogge Jean Braconnier William Brade Per Brant Johannes Brassart Johann Georg Franz Braun Gregoire Brayssing Wolfgang Carl Briegel Estevao de Brito Riccardo Broschi Sébastien de Brossard John Browne Arnold von Bruck Joan Brudieu Nicolaus Bruhns Antoine Brumel Pablo Bruna Hans Buchner Pierre - Gabriel Buffardin John Bull Giovanni Battista Buonamente Gioan Pietro Del Buono Joachim a Burgk Antoine Busnois Pieter Bustijn Crato Butner Johann Heinrich Buttstett Jacques Buus Dieterich Buxtehude William Byrd Byttering Juan Cabanilles Antonio de Cabezon Hernando de Cabezon Francesca Caccini Giulio Caccini Settimia Caccini Pierre Cadéac Gioseppe Caimo Antonio Caldara Sethus Calvisius Robert Cambert Perissone Cambio Francois Campion Thomas Campion André Campra Cornelius Canis Martin Friedrich Cannabich Giovanni Francesco Capello Francisco Lopez Capillas Vincenzo Capirola Marco Cara Bartomeu Carceres Peire Cardenal Manuel Cardoso Giacomo Carissimi Turlough O'Carolan Firminus Caron Richard Carlton Fabrizio Caroso António Carreira Robert Carver Castelloza Girolamo Dalla Casa Gasparo Casati Dario Castello Juan Blas de Castro Maddalena Casulana Amalia Catharina Diomedes Cato Eustache Du Caurroy Giovanni Cavaccio Emilio de ' Cavalieri Pietro Francesco Cavalli Girolamo Cavazzoni Marco Antonio Cavazzoni Michael Cavendish Maurizio Cazzati Francisco de Ceballos Rodrigo de Ceballos Tommaso Cecchino Carlo Cecere Francesco Cellavenia Joan Cererols Pierre Certon Johannes Cesaris Sulpitia Cesis Antonio Cesti Jacques Champion Nicolas Champion Jehan Chardavoine Marc- Antoine Charpentier Lambert Chaumont Fortunato Chelleri William Child Bastian Chilese Johann Christenius Johannes Ciconia Antonio Cifra Giovanni Andrea Cima Giovanni Paolo Cima Ignazio Cirri Jeremiah Clarke Bernardo Clavijo del Castillo Louis- Nicolas Clérambault Pierre Clereau Jheronimus de Clibano Richard Cobb Adrianus Petit Coclico Manuel Rodrigues Coelho Jacques Colebault Pascal Collasse Monsieur de Sainte- Colombe Francesco Colombini Joan Baptista Comes Loyset Compère Giovanni Battista Conforti Johann Georg Conradi Jean Conseil Francesco Bartolomeo Conti Girolamo Conversi John Cooper Giovanni Coprario William Corbett Francesco Corbetta Baude Cordier Arcangelo Corelli William Corkine Johannes Cornago Pieter Cornet William ( ' senior ' ) Cornysh William ( ' junior ' ) Cornysh Manuel Correia Gaspard Corrette Michel Corrette Francesco Corteccia Guillaume Costeley Ambrosio Cotes Francois Couperin Louis Couperin Joachim Thibault de Courville Charles Coypeau d'Assouci Chiara Margarita Cozzolani Nicolaus Cracoviensis Thomas Crecquillon Pedro de Cristo Giovanni Croce William Croft Johann Crüger Francis Cutting Jean Cuvelier Wolfgang Dachstein Jean- Francois Dandrieu Arnaut Daniel John Danyel Louis - Claude Daquin Antoine Dauvergne Richard Davy Esteban Daza Joachim Decker Constantin Christian Dedekind Christoph Demantius Denis of Portugal Fabrizio Dentice Lady Mary Dering Richard Dering Henry Desmarets Filipe da Madre de Deus Comtessa de Dia Sixt Dietrich Charles Dieupart Girolamo Diruta Antonius Divitis Wojciech Dlugoraj Petrus de Domarto Ignazio Donati Donato da Cascia Baldassare Donato Louis -Antoine Dornel John Dowland Robert Dowland Giovanni Battista Draghi Giovanni Dragoni Gallus Dressler Cornelius Heinrich Dretzel Leonora Duarte Andreas Duben Benedictus Ducis Guillaume Dufay Francois Dulot Pierre Dumage John Dunstaple Pasquale Francesco Durante Sebastian Duron Michael East Johann Georg Ebeling Daniel Eberlin Johann Ernst Eberlin Johann Eccard Henri Eccles John Eccles Egardus Thomas Elsbeth Juan del Encina Johann Samuel Endler Christian Erbach Johann Balthasar Erben Daniel Erich Philip Heinrich Erlebach Pedro de Escobar Bartolomé de Escobedo Juan Escribano Vicente Espinel Juan Esquivel Rodrigues Esteves Paschal de l'Estocart Jacob van Eyck Heinrich Faber Werner Fabricius Adam Falckenhagen Andrea Falconieri Girolamo Fantini John Farmer Giles Farnaby Richard Farnaby Johann Friedrich Fasch Guillaume Faugues Robert Fayrfax Gaspar Fernandes Lucas Fernandez Alfonso Ferrabosco the Eldar Alfonso Ferrabosco the younger Benedetto Ferrari Giovanni Ferretti Giovanni Battista Ferrini Willem de Fesch Costanzo Festa Michael Christian Festing Robert de Févin Pierre Fevrier Giulio Fiesco Carlo Filago Heinrich Finck Hermann Finck Gottfried Finger Pietro Antonio Fiocco Johann Caspar Ferdinand Fischer Mateo Flecha Mateo Flecha el Joven Christian Flor Francesco Foggia Pierre Fontaine Giovanni Battista Fontana Alfonso Fontanelli Thomas Ford Antoine Forqueray Georg Forster Johann Philipp Fortsch Pierre - Claude Foucquet Petronio Franceschini Johann Wolfgang Franck Melchior Franck Franco of Cologne Hernando Franco Francois Francoeur Amante Franzoni Frederick the Great Girolamo Frescobaldi Jehan Fresneau Cornelius Freundt Johann Anastasius Freylinghausen Ahasverus Fritsch Johann Jakob Froberger Walter Frye Miguel de Fuenllana Friedrich Funcke Johann Wilhelm Furchheim Johann Joseph Fux Andrea Gabrieli Giovanni Gabrieli Domenico Gabrielli Franchinus Gaffurius Marco da Gagliano Michelagnolo Galilei Vincenzo Galilei Johannes Galliculus Jacobus Gallus Baldassare Galuppi Michelangelo Gamberini Jean - Baptiste Loeillet de Gant Mathieu Gascongne Francesco Gasparini Girolamo Giacobbi Giovanni Giacomo Gastoldi Severus Gastorius Denis Gaultier John Gay Christian Geist Francesco Geminiani Jean -Nicolas Geoffroy Hans Gerle Jhan Gero Claude Gervaise Bartholomaus Gesius Carlo Gesualdo Gherardello da Firenze Géry de Ghersem Johannes Ghiselin Hayne van Ghizeghem Christopher Gibbons Orlando Gibbons Joseph Gibbs Richard Gibbs Nicolas Gigault Juan Pérez de Gijón Nathaniel Giles Giovanni Giorgi Ruggiero Giovannelli Jacob Gippenbusch Giraut de Bornelh Lodovico Giustini Christoph Willibald von Gluck Pietro Gnocchi Godric of Finchale Johann Gottlieb Goldberg Nicolas Gombert Mikolaj Gomolka Grzegorz Gerwazy Gorczycki Giovanni Battista Dalla Gostena Claude Goudimel Alessandro Grandi Carl Heinrich Graun Johann Gottlieb Graun Christoph Graupner Bonifazio Graziani Caterina Benedicta Grazianini Antonio La Greca Gaetano Greco Maurice Greene Pope Gregory I Matthias Greiter Nicolas Grenon Nicolas de Grigny Giovanni Battista Grillo Maria Margherita Grimani Johann Groh Andrea Grossi Estienne Grossin Nicolas de La Grotte Gioseffo Guami Francisco Guerau Elisabeth Jacquet de La Guerre Michel de La Guerre Francisco Guerrero Guido of Arezzo Louis - Gabriel Guillemain Adam Gumpelzhaimer Cesario Gussago Carolus Hacquart Konrad Hagius Paul Hainlein Andreas Hammerschmidt George Frideric Handel Johann Nicolaus Hanff Krystof Harant Johann Gottlob Harrer Philipp Christoph Hartung Johann Adolph Hasse Nikolaus Hasse Peter Hasse Hans Leo Hassler Sir William Hawte William Hayes John Heath John Hebden Johann Heermann Johann David Heinichen Wolff Heintz George de La Hèle Lupus Hellinck Ludwig Helmbold Roy Henry Henry VIII Johann Andreas Herbst Sebastian Aguilera de Heredia Jean l'Heritier Nikolaus Herman Louis de Caix d'Hervelois Johannes Heugel Guillaume Le Heurteur Gutierre Fernandez Hidalgo Hildegard von Bingen John Hilton the Elder John Hilton the Younger Jacob Hintze Georg Melchior Hoffmann Paul Hofhaimer Anthony Holborne William Holborne Edmund Hooper William Horwood Nicolas Hotman Jacques - Martin Hotteterre Hucbald George Hudson Hugo de Lantins Humanus Tobias Hume Thomas Hunt Richard Hygons Sigismondo d'India Fernando de las Infantas Marc'Antonio Ingegneri Heinrich Isaac Giuseppe Jacchini Jacopo da Bologna Jacquet of Mantua Clement Janequin Antonius Janue Jean Japart Adam Jarzebski Johann Jeep Jehan de Lescurel John Jenkins Claude Le Jeune Maistre Jhan John IV of Portugal Hinrich Philip Johnsen Robert Johnson Charles - Alexandre Jollage Niccolo Jomelli Josquin des Prez Gilles Joye Hans Judenkönig Gilles Jullien Giovanni Girolamo Kapsberger Wilhelm Karges Kassia Georg Friedrich Kauffmann Reinhard Keiser Johann Peter Kellner Nicolaus a Kempis Abraham van den Kerckhoven Jacobus de Kerle Johann Caspar Kerll Johann Erasmus Kindermann George Kirbye Gottfried Kirchhoff Johann Philipp Kirnberger Friedrich Gottlieb Klingenberg Leonhard Kleber Andreas Kneller Sebastian Knupfer Johann Balthasar Konig Hans Kotter Hans Kraft Johann Ludwig Krebs Johann Tobias Krebs Jakob Kremberg Adam Krieger Johann Krieger Johann Kuhnau Johann Sigismund Kusser Michel - Richard de Lalande Walter Lambe Michel Lambert John Frederick Lampe Stefano Landi Francesco Landini Ulrich Lange Nicholas Lanier Colinet de Lannoy Hugo de Lantins Erasmus Lapicida Orlando de Lassus Gaetano Latilla Henry Lawes William Lawes Francesco de Layolle Ferdinando Antonio Lazzari Firmin Lebel Leonhard Lechner Jean - Marie Leclair Johannes Legrant Giovanni Legrenzi Georg Dietrich Leiding William Leighton Lorenz Lemlin Leonardo Leo Isabella Leonarda Leone Leoni Leonin Richard Leveridge Reginaldus Libert Bengt Lidner Christian Liebe Clement Liebert Johannes de Limburgia Thomas Linley Antonio de Literes Raymond Llull Alonso Lobo Duarte Lobo Pietro Antonio Locatelli Matthew Locke Jacques Loeillet Jean - Baptiste Loeillet Nicola Bonifacio Logroscino Johann Lohner Antoine de Longueval Richard Loqueville Paolo Lorenzani Lorenzo da Firenze Duchess of Lorraine Antonio Lotti Vincent Lübeck Jan z Lublina Matthaus Ludecus Nicholas Ludford John Lugge Jean - Baptiste Lully Jean - Louis Lully Johannes Lupi Ambrose Lupo Thomas Lupo Filippo de Lurano Vicente Lusitano Martin Luther Carl Luython Luzzasco Luzzaschi Thomas Mace Manuel Machado Guillaume de Machaut Giovanni de Macque Pieter Maessens Filipe de Magalhaes Michael Maier Jean Maillard Giorgio Mainerio Matthaeus Le Maistre Abertijne Malcourt Cristofano Malvezzi Pierre de Manchicourt Francesco Mancini Thomas Mancinus Francesco Manelli Francesco Onofrio Manfredini Jacquet of Mantua Marin Marais Marco Marazzoli John Marbeck Marcabru Alessandro Marcello Benedetto Marcello Louis Marchand Marchetto da Padova Luca Marenzio Dame Margot Maria de Ventadorn Tomás de Santa María Marie de France José Marín Biagio Marini Dame Maroie Maroie de Dregnau de Lille Friedrich Wilhelm Marpurg Richard Martin Giulio Cesare Martinengo Giovanni Battista Martini Johannes Martini Florentio Maschera George Mason Paola Massarenghi Jean - Baptiste Masse Johannes Matelart Nicola Matteis Matteo da Perugia Johann Mattheson Andrea Mattioli Jacques Mauduit John Maynard Ascanio Mayone Domenico Mazzocchi Virgilio Mazzocchi Giovanni Mazzuoli William McGibbon Rinaldo del Mel Alessandro Melani Jacopo Melani Diogo Dias Melgás Domenico Maria Melli Pierre Menault Manuel Mendes John Merbecke Matthias Mercker Tarquinio Merula Claudio Merulo Guillielmus Messaus Richard Mico Marcin Mielczewski Luis Mila Luis de Milán Francesco Canova da Milano Nicolas Millot John Milton Peter Mohrhardt Simone Molinaro Jean Molinet Louis de Mollier Johann Melchior Molter Jean Joseph de Mondonville Natale Monferrato Moniot d'Arras Thomas Mons Philippe de Monte Claudio Monteverdi Michel Pignolet de Montéclair Estevao Lopez Morago Cristóbal de Morales Sebastiano Moratelli Peter Morhard Thomas Morley Antonio Mortaro Robert Morton Pierre Moulu Jean - Joseph Mouret Jean Mouton Christophe Moyreau Leopold Mozart Alonso Mudarra Georg Muffat Gottlieb Muffat John Mundy Santiago de Murcia Franz Xaver Murschhauser Gilles Mureau Hubert Naich Giovanni Bernardino Nanino Luis de Narváez Jan Nasco Jacques - Christophe Naudot Juan Navarro Cesare Negri Marc Antonio Negri Neidhart von Reuenthal Johann Georg Neidhardt Pomponio Nenna Georg Neumark Hans Neusiedler Niccolo da Perugia Johann Michael Nicolai Guillaume - Gabriel Nivers Giovanni Domenico da Nola Anthoni van Noordt Notker of St. Gall Johannes Nucius Jacob Obrecht Johannes Ockeghem Odo of Cluny Bartolomeo degli Organi Giovanni degli Organi Giuseppe Maria Orlandini Philippe d'Orleans Alessandro Orologio Diego Ortiz Marbrianus de Orto Lucas Osiander Georg Osterreich James Oswald Caspar Othmayr Valerius Otto Charles Theodore Pachelbel Johann Pachelbel William Hieronymous Pachelbel Juan Gutierrez de Padilla Annibale Padovano James Paisible Heliodoro de Paiva Jacob Paix Francisco Fernandez Palero Giovanni Palestrina Benedetto Pallavicino Leonhard Paminger Paolo da Firenze Jacob Clemens non Papa Girolamo Parabosco Claudio Pari Robert Parsons Bernardo Pasquini Ercole Pasquini Pierre Passereau Pedro de Pastrana Conrad Paumann Nicolas Payen Edward Pearce Mogens Pederson David Peebles Martin Peerson Bartlomiej Pekiel Vincenzo Pellegrini Francisco de Peñalosa Hilaire Penet Johann Christoph Pepusch Marco Giuseppe Peranda Francisco Peraza Giovanni Battista Pergolesi Jacopo Peri Perotin Julien Perrichon Giacomo Antonio Perti Guglielmo Ebreo da Pesaro Giovanni Battista Pescetti Gregor Peschin Christoph Peter Ninot le Petit Francesco Petrobelli Petrus de Cruce Christian Petzold Paul Peuerl Andreas Pevernage Johann Christoph Pez Johann Christoph Pezel Philipoctus de Caserta Philippe de Vitry Peter Philips Dominique Phinot Giovanni Picchi Alessandro Piccinini Maestro Piero Francis Pilkington Luis Alvarez Pinto Matthaeus Pipelare Charles Piroye Diego Pisador Bernardo Pisano Johann Georg Pisendel Giovanni Benedetto Platti Augustin Plattner John Plummer Alessandro Poglietti Carlo Francesco Pollarolo Diego de Pontac Nicola Porpora Costanzo Porta Francesco Portinaro Isaac Posch Leonel Power Christoph Praetorius Hieronymus Praetorius Jacob Praetorius Michael Praetorius Johannes Prentzel Jorgen Presten Thomas Preston Giovanni Priuli Francesco Provenzale Joan Pau Pujol Johannes Pullois Daniel Purcell Henry Purcell Pycard Johannes de Quadris Paolo Quagliati Johann Joachim Quantz Bertin Quentin Marie - Anne- Catherine Quinault Lucia Quinciani Mikolaj Radomski André Raison Jean Philippe Rameau Bartolome Ramos de Pareja Robert Ramsey Charles Racquet Andreas Raselius Johann Valentin Rathgeber Andreas Rauch Sebastián Raval John Ravenscroft Thomas Ravenscroft Francois Rebel Jean - Féry Rebel John Redford Hoste da Reggio Johannes Regis Jacob Regnart Christian Reichardt Gottfried Reiche Sisto Reina Jan Adam Reincken Gilles Reingot Johann Georg Reinhardt Balthasar Resinarius Georg Reutter George Reutter Georg Rhau Cesarina Ricci Giovanni Battista Riccio Jean Richafort Ferdinando Richardson Ferdinand Tobias Richter Franz Xaver Richter Giovanni Antonio Rigatti Albert de Rippe Christian Ritter Martin de Rivafrecha Francois Roberday Thomas Robinson Melchor Robledo Philippe Rogier Francesco Rognoni Johan Helmich Roman Antonius Romanus Matheo Romero Cipriano de Rore Johann Rosenmüller Christian Knorr von Rosenroth Carl Rosier Francesco Rosselli Philip Rosseter Stefano Rossetto Camilla de Rossi Luigi Rossi Michelangelo Rossi Salamone Rossi Francois Roussel Gaspard Le Roux Giovanni Rovetta Francesco Rovigo Pancrace Royer Jaufre Rudel Pierre de La Rue Vincenzo Ruffo Pedro Ruimonte Meister Rumelant Claudia Rusca Bernardo Sabadini Hans Sachs Francesco Sacrati Leonard Sailer Sainte Colombe Francisco de Salinas Giovanni Battista Sammartini Giuseppe Sammartini Richard Sampson Giovanni Felice Sances Francesco Santacroce Gaspar Sanz Claudio Saracini Domenico Natale Sarro Antonio Sartorio Antonio Scandello Alessandro Scarlatti Domenico Scarlatti Pietro Filippo Scarlatti Christoph Schaffrath Heinrich Scheidemann Gottfried Scheidt Samuel Scheidt Johann Schein Johann Schelle Johannes Schenck Sebastian Anton Scherer Johann Christian Schickhardt Melchior Schildt Arnolt Schlick Johann Heinrich Schmelzer Bernhard Schmid Johann Christian Schmidt Cyriakus Schneegass Johann Schop Johann Georg Schott Leonhard Schroeter Johannes Schultz Georg Caspar Schürmann Heinrich Schütz Josef Ferdinand Norbert Seger Carlos Seixas Thomas Selle Bartolome de Selma y Salaverde Nikolaus Selnecker Ludwig Senfl Jacob Senleches Claudin de Sermisy John Sheppard Obadiah Shuttleworth William Simmes Christopher Simpson Thomas Simpson Nicolas Siret Agostino Soderini Solage Johann Sommer Francesco Soriano Francisco Soto de Langa Daniel Speer Matthias Spiegler Francesco Spinacino Annibale Stabile Johann Staden Johann Wenzel Anton Stamitz John Stanley Agostino Steffani Johann Steffens Johann Ulrich Steigleder Johann Stephani Thomas Sternhold Johann Steuerlein Caspar von Stieler Thomas Stoltzer Gottfried Heinrich Stölzel Thomas Stolzer Johannes Stomius Bernardo Storace Alessandro Stradella Giovanni Battista Strata Alessandro Striggio Barbara Strozzi Gregorio Strozzi Adam Nicolaus Strungk Jean Baptiste Stuck Manuel de Sumaya Tielman Susato Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck Jehan Tabourot Giovanni Domenico Rognoni Taeggio Pietro Taglia Thomas Tallis Johannes Tapissier Giuseppe Tartini John Taverner Silas Taylor Alonso de Tejeda Georg Philipp Telemann Zacara da Teramo Melchior Teschner John Thorne Johann Nikolaus Tischer Johannes Tinctoris Jean Titelouze Thomas Tomkins Giuseppe Torelli Francisco de la Torre Tomas de Torrejon y Velasco Marcello Tosone Giovanni Maria Trabaci Tommaso Traetta Trebor Gregorius Trehou Giuseppe Tricarico Massimo Troiano Ascanio Trombetti Bartolomeo Tromboncino Franz Tunder Tuotilo Francesco Turini Christopher Tye Marco Uccellini Vincenzo Ugolini Francesco Usper Heinrich Utrecht Jacobus Vaet Enriquez de Valderrabano Antonio Valente Giovanni Valentini Giuseppe Valentini Roberto Valentini Adriaen Valerius Francisco Valls Juan Vásquez Orazio Vecchi Claudio Veggio Antonio Veracini Francesco Maria Veracini Philippe Verdelot Cornelis Verdonck Daniel Vetter Nicolaus Vetter Lodovico Grossi da Viadana Gil Vicente Tomas Luis de Victoria Jacobus Vide Pedro Alberto Vila Pietro Vinci Jheronimus Vinders Robert de Visee Filippo Vitali Giovanni Battista Vitali Tomaso Antonio Vitali Loreto Vittori Antonio Vivaldi Sebastian de Vivanco Giovanni Buonaventura Viviani Lucrezia Orsina Vizzana Johann Caspar Vogler Jacob Vredeman de Vries Melchior Vulpius John Francis Wade Hubert Waelrant Georg Gottfried Wagner William Walond Johann Walter Walther von der Vogelweide Johann Gottfried Walther Johann Jakob Walther John Ward Unico Wilhelm van Wassenaer William Webb Georg Weber Georg Caspar Wecker Matthias Weckmann Thomas Weelkes Gaspar van Weerbeke Sylvius Leopold Weiss Gregor Joseph Werner Giaches de Wert Johann Paul von Westhoff Robert White Thomas Whythorne Erasmus Widmann John Wilbye Philip van Wilder Johann Hugo von Wilderer Wilhelmine Adrian Willaert William Williams Christian Friedrich Witt Christian Michael Wolff Wolfram von Eschenbach Oswald von Wolkenstein Henry Youll Zacara da Teramo Nicolaus Zacharie Friedrich Wilhelm Zachau Friedrich Wilhelm Zachow Giovanni Zamboni Nikolaus Zangius Andrea Zani Gioseffo Zarlino Jan Dismas Zelenka Juan García de Zéspedes Martin Zeuner Tobias Zeutschner Mikolaj Zielenski Domenico Zipoli Annibale Zoilo Manuel de Zumaya Other Medieval Other Renaissance Other Baroque
Medieval -- Medieval Composers A - B -- Adam de la Halle Adam de St. Victor Alfonso X of Castile Andrea da Firenze Antonio da Cividale Arnold de Lantins Azalais de Porcairagues Bartolino da Padova Bartolomeo da Bologna Bernard de Cluny Bernart de Ventadorn Bertran de Born Gilles Binchois Blanche of Castile Borlet Byttering -- Medieval Composers C- F -- Peire Cardenal Castelloza Johannes Cesaris Johannes Ciconia Baude Cordier Jean Cuvelier Arnaut Daniel Denis of Portugal Comtessa de Dia Donato da Cascia John Dunstaple Egardus Franco of Cologne -- Medieval Composers G- K -- Gherardello da Firenze Giraut de Bornelh Godric of Finchale Pope Gregory I Guido of Arezzo Hildegard von Bingen Hucbald Hugo de Lantins Jacopo da Bologna Jehan de Lescurel Kassia -- Medieval Composers L- M -- Francesco Landini Leonin Raymond Llull Richard Loqueville Lorenzo da Firenze Duchess of Lorraine Guillaume de Machaut Marcabru Marchetto da Padova Dame Margot Maria de Ventadorn Marie de France Dame Maroie Maroie de Dregnau de Lille Matteo da Perugia Moniot d'Arras -- Medieval Composers N - Q -- Neidhart von Reuenthal Niccolo da Perugia Notker of St. Gall Odo of Cluny Paolo da Firenze Perotin Petrus de Cruce Philipoctus de Caserta Philippe de Vitry Maestro Piero Leonel Power Pycard -- Medieval Composers R- Z -- Mikolaj Radomski Jaufre Rudel Meister Rumelant Jacob Senleches Solage Johannes Tapissier Trebor Tuotilo Walther von der Vogelweide Wolfram von Eschenbach Zacara da Teramo Other Medieval
Life 's nice for mice - and there 's more of them - now the cats are too fat and lazy to catch them
You'd think the only place where mice run rings around cats is on children ’s TV .
But these days , it seems the Tom And Jerry story is closer to fact than fiction .
For pampering is making our cats fatter and more unfit .
And just like Jerry , the rodent in the popular cartoons , the mice are taking advantage .
Lacking in energy : Pampering is making our cats fatter and more unfit , which is great news for mice
Rodent infestations are soaring in the UK .
Last year , Rentokil noted a 36 per cent rise in callouts – and a 26 per cent increase the previous year .
Wet summers are said to be driving mice indoors – and middle - class householders make the situation worse because they are too embarrassed to report infestations .
But cats should also take some of the blame , experts say .
In the last 20 years , the number of obese cats has doubled .
Out of the nine million we keep as pets , a third are overweight .
Apart from the health problems this causes , the extra pounds also make the animals listless and lacking in energy – leaving them too unfit to hunt .
Savvas Othon , technical director for Rentokil , explained the problem .
‘ Mice are satellite feeders – they feed from a lot of points during the night .
They will happily live in a house with a cat .
‘ If cats are too well fed they have no impetus to catch a mouse . ’
But good mousers appear to be more in need than ever .
He added : ‘ We are getting more calls about rodents in general which usually spend the summer outdoors but were driven indoors by the wet summers of the last two years .
‘ They have also benefited from the increase in food waste on the streets , and poor standards of hygiene in the home . ’
However , it ’s a myth that mice like dirty homes .
They are happy to live in clean houses , as long as there are a few crumbs around .
They need just 3g of food a day to survive .
Keeping quiet about an infestation instead of tackling it could lead to real problems .
A pair of mice can produce up to 120 young a year .
Each one can breed by the age of 12 weeks .
Within a few months , a home can have hundreds or even thousands of rodents scampering around .
‘ In a row of terraced houses , usually the floors run all the way through the terrace as do the attics and that ’s a great place for them to travel .
‘ If you have mice , the chances are your neighbour has them too , ’ he added .
‘ When I was a pest control technician I had a van and I went to my mum ’s for lunch , she asked me to park the van round the corner .
That stigma still persists today . ’
The office worker ’s culture of eating at their desks has helped the spread of mice too .
Pest controllers are getting a growing number of calls to deal with infestations in the workplace .
Most householders know if they have mice .
Aside from the telltale scampering noises , they leave tiny black droppings on floors and work surfaces .
Dear Diane ,
A great Tuesday letter .
It has outraged some of my friends — whose strategic approach now is to applaud anything moving in our direction and speak quietly about anything we profoundly disagree with .
Yes , alas : Duncan ’s office is not yet offering a change either of us can believe in .
To stimulate the economy , Obama ’s education plan includes more focus on charters , and for teachers , schools , and districts that implement so - called “ merit pay ” based on student test scores .
Aside from misdirecting the goals of education , it misdirects the path to a good education .
By confusing test scores with “ being well - educated , ” and the motivation to do a good job as synonymous with financial reward , we undermine values essential to democracy .
The “ rulers ” of our economy had plenty of incentives to build a healthy economy .
Trillions .
They spent their smarts on making sure they increased their share of the pie .
And if their pay had depended on decreasing the earning gap , I suspect they ’d have hired statisticians to play with that data , just as they did with the economy — and just as their educational counterparts have done with education data .
Diane , you have been a steady voice in alerting us to misinformation , especially on the NYC front .
Who will be doing this for the new Duncan DOE ?
Hopefully it wo n’t be people who perhaps need to speak softly to avoid placing themselves outside the circle of power .
Critics are needed as much when we win an election as when we lose one .
One advantage of being older and retired is that we have less to lose .
The more high stakes the data , the more corrupt become the data — which I ’m told is called Campbell ’s Law .
We poison the well once we promise folks more money for “ better data . ”
When “ data ” ( e.g. test scores ) are in the driver ’s seat , beware .
We also need more independent “ juries ” to analyze and make recommendations based on independent information .
The phrase itself “ data - driven , ” rather than “ data - informed , ” gives me the chills .
We also need sensible longitudinal research , to explore the connection between test scores , school models , etc. , and “ doing better ” 10 years out .
This is uncharted territory .
We might explore , in short , what “ doing better ” could or should mean in real life .
I recently read about a high and mighty American who was lauded for “ freezing ” his pay — at $ 11 million a year .
It ’s not merely that such wages are a waste , maybe even bad for his particular business operation , but that they corrupt the concept of democratic society ( one vote per citizen , et al ) .
It reminds me of the story about Marie Antoinette offering to give the poor cake , or the joke about how even a poor man was guaranteed a place to sleep — if only under the bridges of Paris .
( I have no doubt messed up both stories , but I suspect , Diane , you know their mythical sources . )
Whether we ’re talking about schools that teach the academic disciplines or the interdisciplinary “ habits of mind ” and “ heart ” that underlie a complex democratic society , or even “ 2lst Century skills , ” we should be alarmed at the direction the newly staffed Department of Education seems headed .
The most heralded change is in finding a new title for NCLB , rather than tackling its basic hypocrisy .
Despite ( or because ) those closest to our schools — school boards , parents , teachers — oppose the testing mania , those in D.C. seem as disposed as ever to ignore such “ self - interested ” opinions .
Tests , as we know them today , are not even good sources for knowing if Johnny can read .
Does becoming “ skilled ” at the components of reading tests translate to becoming “ whole ” readers ” ?
And , if it does , can we assume this translates into reading more and more wisely ?
There are ways to make for technically better readers that do not make for a better - educated citizen or employee , much less a creative and inventive one .
Being taught early , over and over , that making a predetermined “ wrong answer ” ( out of a predetermined four or five ) has serious intellectual and social consequences is dangerous .
It leads to bad pedagogy .
It ’s precisely in school that it ’s important to value the exercise of judgment based on evidence rather than being taught how to slyly “ guess ” at the one “ right ” answer .
Children , starting from birth , as well as at ages 3 , 4 , and 5 , are still highly motivated to make sense of the world without any prodding .
Regardless of their backgrounds .
In fact , you have to prod children to stop doing so .
Which is what we do at the average school — by state design .
I can attest to this based on evidence from almost any source .
So I am alarmed at hearing that we plan to stimulate the economy by doing this with kids younger and younger .
Such schooling will , over time , undermine both our economy and democracy .
We need funds for our youngest — including publicly supported child care of high quality and an end to conditions highlighted in The New York Times , Page One , " In Turnabout , Children Take Caregiver Role " .
It 's referring to preteen caretakers !
My visits to Chicago and DeKalb kindergartens ( with exceptions ) scared me — the absence of playfulness has become so normal !
I ’d love to know where you stand on this , Diane .
We could even use a little disagreement !
Deb
P.S. One and all , read Mike Rose ’s blog — or did I already suggest that ?
Also Mike Klonsky ’s , who disagrees with me for our sharp critique of Duncan .
Finally , I 'd also point our readers to your recent piece for Politico.com , Diane .
Nancy Reagan praises Obama 's reversal of Bush stem cell ban RAW STORY
Published : Monday March 9 , 2009
Print This Email This President Barack Obama Monday lifted his predecessor George W. Bush 's curbs on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research , promising a " new frontier " for US science free of political ideology .
The Democratic president signed an executive order reversing a policy that critics say has hampered the fight into finding treatments for grave diseases such as Alzheimer 's , Parkinson 's and diabetes .
One prominent figure pushing for the reversal of the Bush administration ban was former first lady Nancy Reagan .
Warning that scientists were deserting the United States for other nations , Obama said " medical miracles " come about only through painstaking research and rejected the " false choice " between sound science and moral values .
" When government fails to make these investments , opportunities are missed .
Promising avenues go unexplored , " he said at the White House , lauding the potential to help victims of debilitating illnesses and catastrophic injury .
" Ultimately , I cannot guarantee that we will find the treatments and cures we seek .
No president can promise that , " Obama said .
" But I can promise that we will seek them -- actively , responsibly , and with the urgency required to make up for lost ground , " he said , paying tribute to advocates of the research such as late Superman actor Christopher Reeve .
" Not just by opening up this new frontier of research today , but by supporting promising research of all kinds , including groundbreaking work to convert ordinary human cells into ones that resemble embryonic stem cells . "
Obama directed the National Institutes of Health to formulate guidelines within 120 days on how to proceed with federal research on lines of stem cells procured from private laboratories such as fertility clinics .
His order cannot affect a congressional ban on federal money being used directly to create new stem cells , which are primitive cells from early - stage embryos capable of developing into almost every tissue of the body .
Addressing an audience of US lawmakers , scientists including three Nobel laureates and religious leaders , Obama also issued a presidential memorandum " restoring scientific integrity to government decision making . "
The memorandum marked another break from claims that Bush intervened for partisan political reasons in federal science in areas such as climate change , endangered species and family planning .
Obama directed the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy to ensure that " we base our public policies on the soundest science , " and appoint scientific advisors based on expertise and " not their politics or ideology . "
He vowed that he would not permit stem cell research to stray into the wilder bounds of science such as human cloning , which he said " has no place in our society , or any society . "
" Under fire from congressional Republicans for lifting restrictions on stem - cell research , President Barack Obama got a powerful endorsement for his move Monday from Nancy Reagan , the formers presidents wife , " Politico 's Craig Gordon reports .
In a statement released shortly after Obama 's briefing , Nancy Reagan praised the decision .
 Im very grateful that President Obama has lifted the restrictions on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research ,  Reagan wrote .
 These new rules will now make it possible for scientists to move forward .
I urge researchers to make use of the opportunities that are available to them , and to do all they can to fulfill the promise that stem cell research offers .
Countless people , suffering from many different diseases , stand to benefit from the answers stem cell research can provide .
We owe it to ourselves and to our children to do everything in our power to find cures for these diseases  and soon .
As Ive said before , time is short , and life is precious . 
Gordon notes , " Nancy Reagan has been an outspoken advocate of stem - cell research  and scientists hope that the research could someday lead to a cure for Alzheimers disease , which afflicted her late husband , Ronald Reagan . "
But there was still fierce fire from social conservatives and right - to - life groups , who back research on cells taken from human adults rather than embryos .
House of Representatives Republican leader John Boehner said Obama had undermined " protections for innocent life , further dividing our nation at a time when we need greater unity to tackle the challenges before us . "
Tony Perkins , president of the anti-abortion Family Research Council , called Obama 's announcement " a slap in the face to Americans who believe in the dignity of all human life . "
But Reeve Foundation president Peter Wilderotter said : " With a stroke of his pen , President Obama acknowledged the will of the majority of Americans and harnessed the power of the federal government to move research forward .
" By removing politics from science , President Obama has freed researchers to explore these remarkable stem cells , learn from them and possibly develop effective therapies using them . "
Bush barred federal funding from supporting work on new lines of stem cells derived from human embryos in 2001 , allowing research only on a small number of embryonic stem cell lines that existed at the time .
The former president argued that using human embryos for scientific research -- which often involves their destruction -- crossed a moral barrier and urged scientists to consider alternatives .
Remarks of President Barack Obama - As Prepared for Delivery
Signing of Stem Cell Executive Order and Scientific Integrity Presidential Memorandum :
####
Today , with the Executive Order I am about to sign , we will bring the change that so many scientists and researchers ; doctors and innovators ; patients and loved ones have hoped for , and fought for , these past eight years : we will lift the ban on federal funding for promising embryonic stem cell research .
We will vigorously support scientists who pursue this research .
And we will aim for America to lead the world in the discoveries it one day may yield .
At this moment , the full promise of stem cell research remains unknown , and it should not be overstated .
But scientists believe these tiny cells may have the potential to help us understand , and possibly cure , some of our most devastating diseases and conditions .
To regenerate a severed spinal cord and lift someone from a wheelchair .
To spur insulin production and spare a child from a lifetime of needles .
To treat Parkinson's , cancer , heart disease and others that affect millions of Americans and the people who love them .
But that potential will not reveal itself on its own .
Medical miracles do not happen simply by accident .
They result from painstaking and costly research - from years of lonely trial and error , much of which never bears fruit - and from a government willing to support that work .
From life - saving vaccines , to pioneering cancer treatments , to the sequencing of the human genome - that is the story of scientific progress in America .
When government fails to make these investments , opportunities are missed .
Promising avenues go unexplored .
Some of our best scientists leave for other countries that will sponsor their work .
And those countries may surge ahead of ours in the advances that transform our lives .
But in recent years , when it comes to stem cell research , rather than furthering discovery , our government has forced what I believe is a false choice between sound science and moral values .
In this case , I believe the two are not inconsistent .
As a person of faith , I believe we are called to care for each other and work to ease human suffering .
I believe we have been given the capacity and will to pursue this research - and the humanity and conscience to do so responsibly .
It is a difficult and delicate balance .
Many thoughtful and decent people are conflicted about , or strongly oppose , this research .
I understand their concerns , and we must respect their point of view .
But after much discussion , debate and reflection , the proper course has become clear .
The majority of Americans - from across the political spectrum , and of all backgrounds and beliefs - have come to a consensus that we should pursue this research .
That the potential it offers is great , and with proper guidelines and strict oversight , the perils can be avoided .
That is a conclusion with which I agree .
That is why I am signing this Executive Order , and why I hope Congress will act on a bi-partisan basis to provide further support for this research .
We are joined today by many leaders who have reached across the aisle to champion this cause , and I commend them for that work .
Ultimately , I cannot guarantee that we will find the treatments and cures we seek .
No President can promise that .
But I can promise that we will seek them - actively , responsibly , and with the urgency required to make up for lost ground .
Not just by opening up this new frontier of research today , but by supporting promising research of all kinds , including groundbreaking work to convert ordinary human cells into ones that resemble embryonic stem cells .
I can also promise that we will never undertake this research lightly .
We will support it only when it is both scientifically worthy and responsibly conducted .
We will develop strict guidelines , which we will rigorously enforce , because we cannot ever tolerate misuse or abuse .
And we will ensure that our government never opens the door to the use of cloning for human reproduction .
It is dangerous , profoundly wrong , and has no place in our society , or any society .
This Order is an important step in advancing the cause of science in America .
But let 's be clear : promoting science is n't just about providing resources - it is also about protecting free and open inquiry .
It is about letting scientists like those here today do their jobs , free from manipulation or coercion , and listening to what they tell us , even when it 's inconvenient - especially when it 's inconvenient .
It is about ensuring that scientific data is never distorted or concealed to serve a political agenda - and that we make scientific decisions based on facts , not ideology .
By doing this , we will ensure America 's continued global leadership in scientific discoveries and technological breakthroughs .
That is essential not only for our economic prosperity , but for the progress of all humanity .
That is why today , I am also signing a Presidential Memorandum directing the head of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy to develop a strategy for restoring scientific integrity to government decision making ..
To ensure that in this new Administration , we base our public policies on the soundest science ; that we appoint scientific advisors based on their credentials and experience , not their politics or ideology ; and that we are open and honest with the American people about the science behind our decisions .
That is how we will harness the power of science to achieve our goals - to preserve our environment and protect our national security ; to create the jobs of the future , and live longer , healthier lives .
As we restore our commitment to science , and resume funding for promising stem cell research , we owe a debt of gratitude to so many tireless advocates , some of whom are with us today , many of whom are not .
Today , we honor all those whose names we do n't know , who organized , and raised awareness , and kept on fighting - even when it was too late for them , or for the people they love .
And we honor those we know , who used their influence to help others and bring attention to this cause - people like Christopher and Dana Reeve , who we wish could be here to see this moment .
One of Christopher 's friends recalled that he hung a sign on the wall of the exercise room where he did his grueling regimen of physical therapy .
It read : " For everyone who thought I could n't do it .
For everyone who thought I should n't do it .
For everyone who said , ' It 's impossible . '
See you at the finish line . "
Christopher once told a reporter who was interviewing him : " If you came back here in ten years , I expect that I 'd walk to the door to greet you . "
Christopher did not get that chance .
But if we pursue this research , maybe one day - maybe not in our lifetime , or even in our children 's lifetime - but maybe one day , others like him might .
There is no finish line in the work of science .
The race is always with us - the urgent work of giving substance to hope and answering those many bedside prayers , of seeking a day when words like " terminal " and " incurable " are finally retired from our vocabulary .
Today , using every resource at our disposal , with renewed determination to lead the world in the discoveries of this new century , we rededicate ourselves to this work .
Thank you , God bless you , and may God bless America .
####
( with wire reports )
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
WARNING : SPOILERS AHEAD !!!
This essay ends with cheating .
Specifically , my friend Greg and I , after playing a particular videogame for 11 hours straight , are stuck .
We call a fellow gamer to learn what moves we need to make to get to the next level .
With the new information in hand , we finally complete the game .
OK , there ya go .
No need to read the rest of this piece — seriously , there 's an annoying rant up ahead anyway .
Skip to the next article .
You certainly could — you could skip the whole magazine .
Of course , I hope you do n't .
Some painstaking work went into this incredibly cool issue .
( There are things occurring within these pages that are not apparent at first or second glance .
That 's the only hint I will give you . )
I urge you to dig .
Give in to the unknown for a while and ponder the mystery .
It 's worth it .
Which , I suppose , is the topic of this very essay .
The one that I 've already suggested you skip .
For more , visit wired.com / video J.J. Abrams , creative director Scott Dadich , deputy editor Thomas Goetz , and senior editor Chris Baker discuss the evolution of Wired 's May issue .
Mystery , obviously , is everywhere .
Is there a God ? Mystery .
What about life after death ?
Mystery .
Excuse me , what material is the ShamWow made of ?
Mystery .
Stonehenge ?
Big Foot ?
Loch Ness ?
Mystery mystery mystery .
McDonald 's Special Sauce ?
I do n't care how many bottles of Thousand Island Dressing you show me , it 's Special Sauce .
Mystery .
And yet :
For all that mystery , why does it feel like the world has been ripped open , all parts exposed ?
Why does so much seem absolutely and thoroughly demystified ?
These days we can leap , all of us , from a casual curiosity about anything to a sense of satisfying understanding .
Instantly .
Want to fold origami ?
There are more than 200,000 Google results on that subject available to you , now .
Need to know the capital of Mauritania ?
A recipe for sticky buns ?
How to pick a bicycle lock ?
You could answer all these questions in less time than it will take you to finish reading this article ( which , for a second time , I suggest you skip .
Remember :
You know how it ends , so why are you still here ? ) .
What I 'm getting at is hardly news to anyone :
We 're smack dab in the middle of the Age of Immediacy .
True understanding ( or skill or effort ) has become bothersome — an unnecessary headache that impedes our ability to get on with our lives ( and most likely skip to something else ) .
Earning the endgame seems so yesterday , especially when we can know whatever we need to know whenever we need to know it .
People often ask me how Lost is going to end .
I usually tell them to ask Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse , who run that series .
But I always wonder , do they really want to know ?
And what if I did tell them ?
They might have an aha moment , but without context .
Especially since the final episode is a year away .
That is to say , the experience — the setup for a joke 's punch line , the buildup to a magic trick 's big flourish — is as much of a thrill as the result .
There 's discovery to be made and wonder to be had on the journey that not only enrich the ending but in many ways define it .
Think back , for example , to how we used to buy music .
You would have to leave your apartment or house and actually move your ass to another location .
You 'd get to the store , where music would be playing on the stereo .
Music you may not have heard before .
Perhaps you 'd ask the clerk what it was and she 'd send you to a bin — those wooden containers holding actual albums or CDs — and you 'd look through it , seeing other album covers that might catch your eye .
You 'd have a chance to discover something .
But wait , you say , iTunes gives you the chance to browse !
To that I nod , concede the point , and say , " Bullshit . "
Those little icons you scroll past mean almost nothing to most of us .
Why ?
Because we did n't get on the train , brave the weather , bump into strangers , and hear music we did n't choose .
In other words , we did n't earn the right to casually scan those wooden bins .
Lately I go to Amoeba Music in Hollywood just to watch people flip through albums .
It 's a lost art .
J.J. , MAN OF MYSTERY
An Abrams production does n't just mean a good story — it also means puzzles and Easter eggs .
Here , we tap into our fave J.J. mysteries .
Meghan 's Box in Felicity In Abrams ' college drama , there was one unanswered question that sustained throughout :
What 's in Meghan 's wooden box ?
The Number 47 in Alias CIA agent Sydney Bristow 's search for the elusive Milo Rambaldi 's works frequently featured clues involving the number 47 .
They drove us mad .
The Rabbit 's Foot in Mission : Impossible III
The plot focused on the struggle for the " rabbit 's foot , " but in the end even Ethan Hunt did n't find out what was really in that canister .
The " Observer " in Fringe
This enigmatic character writes in an unknown language , lacks eyebrows , and manages to be always around the corner .
Stay tuned …
Sure , in the days before recorded music , you 'd need a live performance to hear music at all .
So is n't technology actually enriching our lives ?
Well , of course .
This is not meant to be an antitechnology diatribe — some clichè9d Luddite treatise ( in an issue of Wired , no less ) .
On the contrary , I 'm a massive fan of most everything electronic .
I use , appreciate , and drool over far too many high tech innovations .
I 'm an embarrassed whore for the stuff .
But tech has made us thankless .
Back in the day , it would 've been unthinkable to go to the music store , actually purchase a record , and then get home and not listen to it .
But today ?
How many of us have downloaded albums or songs that are still sitting , months or years later , unplayed in our iTunes library ?
My hand just slowly went up , too .
In my profession , this mentality is illustrated by the spoiler : that piece of information meant to be kept secret , like the end of a movie or TV show or novel .
Spoilers give fans the answers they want , the resolution they crave .
As an avid fan of movies and TV myself , I completely understand the desire to find out behind - the - scenes details in a nanosecond .
Which , given technology , is often how long it takes — to the frustration of the storytellers .
Efforts to gather this intel and the attempts to plug leaks create an ongoing battle between filmmakers and the very fans they are dying to entertain and impress .
But the real damage is n't so much that the secret gets out .
It 's that the experience is destroyed .
The illusion is diminished .
Which may not matter to some .
But then what 's the point of actually seeing that movie or episode ?
How does knowing the twist before you walk into the theater — or what that island is really about before you watch the finale — make for a richer viewing experience ?
It 's telling that the very term itself — spoiler — has become synonymous with " cool info you can get before the other guy . "
What no one remembers is that it literally means " to damage irreparably ; to ruin . "
Spoilers make no bones about destroying the intended experience — and somehow that has become , for many , the preferred choice .
In some cases , spoilers do n't just prevent the intended experience of something , they prevent the very existence of it .
Case in point : I had spent close to two years working on a version of a Superman script for Warner Bros .
Then an early draft was leaked , reviewed , and spectacularly decimated on a Web site that I still adore and read daily .
It was n't just that the review was bad .
Which it was .
I mean , like , kraptastically bad .
And probably deserved ( I'm the idiot who made Lex Luthor a Kryptonian ) .
What was so depressing was n't just that the thing being reviewed was an old version of a work in progress .
What killed me was that the reviewer — and then readers of that reviewer — were n't just judging my writing .
They were judging the movie .
A movie that was barely in preproduction and many drafts away from final .
A film that ultimately never got made — in small part because that review , and subsequent posts , made studio decisionmakers nervous .
The fact is , that Superman film might have been awful .
Or it could have been something else .
We 'll never know .
Recently my production company , Bad Robot , decided to be ultra-secretive about a movie called Cloverfield [ guest ed. note : Apologies to anyone who got motion sick ] .
When the trailer hit the screens right before Transformers , people freaked out .
Not necessarily because of the content of the trailer , but because it was a surprise — they knew nothing about it beforehand .
That was the point :
The intended effect was to make a teaser trailer that actually teased .
It worked like gangbusters , all because we had n't prepublicized the film on entertainment shows and in magazines .
It was a small experiment that proved what most everyone knows :
Having all the information is n't always better .
I guess the question is , who among us has the self - control to choose not to go for the easy answer ?
This time my hand stays down .
In 1989 , I was living with my best friend since kindergarten , Greg Grunberg .
He 's an actor — currently on NBC's Heroes .
We had recently purchased a Nintendo videogame system and were playing Super Mario Bros .
2 . Actually , playing is the wrong word .
We were obsessed freaks .
For us , getting to the end screen of that game was more important than anything in the history of time .
And this particular game was lacking a certain feature I like to call The Ability To Fucking Save ( or TATFS ) .
This meant that playing Super Mario Bros. 2 was an all - or - nothing activity .
Yeah , you could pause it , but then when you left your house the thing might catch fire and kill people .
No , you had to play that damn thing in one hideous sitting .
Weeks into this pathetic example of two 23 - year - old men not having a life , Greg and I decided to complete Super Mario Bros .
2 . And because it lacked TATFS , this meant giving up any human activity until the job was done .
So early one morning , we stockpiled some food and began playing .
Around lunchtime , taking turns with the controller at every stage , we were at level 4 - 2 .
Which , for the uninitiated , is more than halfway through the game .
We were feeling pretty cocky and had probably high - fived a few times .
Anyway , again for those not in the know , you start off with something like four Marios ( meaning you can die three times and still play ) .
But you can gain extra lives as you play .
As it approached eight o'clock that night , the controller was in my hands , we were on level 7 - 1 , and we had 22 Marios .
That 's right : 22 .
We were feeling pretty good about ourselves .
7 - 1 is so close to the end , you can almost smell having to get a life again .
But to get past 7 - 1 , you need to jump through a series of clouds — which sounds easy as hell but is n't :
There was this one particular cloud I could n't get past .
Every time I tried , the little Mario would fall , spinning , to his demise .
I can see it in my head now , and it still infuriates me .
Our 22 Marios quickly dwindled to 15 , and I was freaking out .
When we were down to around a dozen Marios , I started getting pissed .
" This is bullshit ! " I yelled .
" OK , OK , " Greg said , picking up the phone .
" I 'm gonna call my cousin . "
This was good news .
As he dialed , I kept playing .
And kept dying .
Ten Marios left .
I heard Greg on the phone , explaining our situation to his cousin .
" Uh -huh .
OK , thanks , " Greg said and hung up .
" Someone 's gonna call us back . "
" Good , " I said , having paused the game to take a deep breath , only to resume and subsequently die again .
" Damn it ! "
A few minutes later , the phone rang .
" Yeah , thanks for calling , " Greg said in a grim voice , like there was a family emergency .
He explained to the guy what was going on , and I heard Greg say , " Uh- huh .
OK .
OK , hold on . "
And then Greg told me , " Move to the right edge , then double - jump up and you should get to the next cloud . "
" Double - jump ? " I asked .
Oh , good .
This was information .
This was new and helpful , and hope coursed through my veins .
" Thanks — OK — " And I tried it .
And died .
" DAMN IT !!! "
Greg told the guy on the phone that it did n't work .
Then he told me , " Yeah , he knows exactly where you are .
Go to the edge of the cloud , then double - jump .
He swears it works . "
I tried it again and failed .
Repeatedly .
I now had five Marios left .
FIVE MARIOS .
" Greg , " I said , my heart sinking .
" We 're gonna die here . "
" No , " Greg insisted .
" Try it again . "
I did .
Three more times — WE WERE DOWN TO TWO MARIOS AND I WAS GOING INSANE .
Greg reported this to the guy on the phone , then said to me , " Try it one more time . "
Sweating , shaking my head , I tried again and lost my penultimate Mario , and I could n't take it anymore , and I yelled out , " WILL YOU TELL THAT GUY HE DOESN'T KNOW WHAT THE FUCK HE'S TALKING ABOUT ?! "
Greg quickly covered the mouthpiece and said to me , quietly , admonishingly , " Dude .
He 's 7 . "
And that was when I really felt it .
Cheating is humiliating .
No matter what form it takes .
Skipping ahead — even without the help of someone in Underoos — lessens the experience .
Diminishes the joy .
Makes the accomplishment that much duller .
Perhaps that 's why mystery , now more than ever , has special meaning .
Because it 's the anomaly , the glaring affirmation that the Age of Immediacy has a meaningful downside .
Mystery demands that you stop and consider — or , at the very least , slow down and discover .
It 's a challenge to get there yourself , on its terms , not yours .
It turns out the 7 - year - old was right .
His tip finally worked , and Greg and I finished the game that day .
But I 'd traded any true satisfaction for a cheat .
I can't even remember seeing that end screen .
The point is , we should never underestimate process .
The experience of the doing really is everything .
The ending should be the end of that experience , not the experience itself .
So , if you 're still reading , I say please :
Dig .
J.J. Abrams is the creator of Alias , cocreator of Lost and Fringe , and director of the new Star Trek movie .
Magic and the Brain : Teller Reveals the Neuroscience of Illusion
Mystery Spots : Places Where Bizarre Forces Obscure Reality
Playlist : J.J. Abrams Picks What 's Wired This Month
Musical Mystery Tour : Messages Embedded in Your Favorite Album
President Obama 's proposed budget for fiscal year 2010 all but sinks prospects to store America 's nuclear waste at Nevada 's Yucca Mountain .
But it leaves wide open the role of nuclear power in building " a new economy powered by clean and secure energy " – and the question of what to do with existing , highly toxic nuclear waste .
" The nation has already accumulated 60,000 metric tons of spent nuclear waste , and the material is going to have to be isolated from the environment for hundreds and thousands of years , " says Edwin Lyman , senior scientist at the Union of Concerned Scientists in Washington .
" There 's no way to make the waste disappear .
No matter what the French say , there 's no alternative to having a mined geological repository , " he says .
The challenge is to find one that is technically and politically acceptable .
The president , who campaigned against the Yucca Mountain site , could have withdrawn the license application , currently before the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) .
Instead , he opted to scale back funding to cover only those costs " necessary to answer inquiries " from the NRC .
Moreover , the budget document released by the White House last week makes no mention of nuclear power as an element in a transition to a low - carbon economy .
Instead , it cites the need for increased support for solar , biomass , geothermal , wind , and low - carbon - emission coal power .
For Senate majority leader Harry Reid – who battled the Yucca Mountain project against long odds from his first year in the Senate , and who is up for reelection next year – it's a career victory .
" It was very easy working with the Obama administration to bring about these cuts , " he said .
" In the future , people will say that President Obama kept his promise to the people of Nevada . "
" It 's a vote of no confidence for a plan and a process that has been flawed from the beginning , " says Anna Aurillo , director of the Washington office of Environment America .
The 1982 Nuclear Waste Policy Act gave Washington responsibility for setting up a permanent , high - level nuclear waste repository .
Eight proposed sites were narrowed to three , then to one .
Over the strong objections of Nevada 's congressional delegation – and controversy over flawed studies – Congress voted in 1987 to approve Yucca Mountain as the sole candidate for a permanent nuclear waste repository .
In 2002 , President Bush designated Yucca Mountain as the site , and in June 2008 , the Department of Energy submitted its license application to the NRC .
Since 1994 , ratepayers have contributed $ 10.8 billion to help pay for it , according to the Nuclear Energy Institute , an industry group .
Moreover , nuclear provides most of the nation 's carbon - free electricity generation , company officials say .
" We have 104 reactors in 31 states providing one - fifth of the nation 's electricity generation overall , " says Steve Kerekes , an NEI spokesman .
" When you look at carbon - free electricity generation – hydroelectric power plants , wind , solar , geothermal , nuclear – of those sources , nearly 75 percent comes from nuclear power plants .
We are far and away the leading source of carbon - free generation . "
The decision to abandon Yucca Mountain leaves the administration and the Congress with big questions to resolve .
" We have no good Plan B for dealing with the problem of nuclear waste at this point , " says Sen. Jeff Bingaman ( D ) of New Mexico , who chairs the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee .
" My own view is that we should continue to keep Yucca Mountain as an option , " including allowing the application process to continue , he says .
" The liability issue does n't go away .
The issue of where we store our waste does n't go away , " says Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R ) of Alaska , the top Republican on the Senate energy panel .
" The budget can be a pretty heavy - handed tool for eliminating programs , but I 'm really troubled about the decisions made with Yucca , " she says .
Since failing to complete a storage facility by 1998 , as provided in the contract , the US Energy Department has faced open - ended court challenges over billions in liability payments to utilities now having to store toxic waste on site .
" The government is going to pay one way or another .
You can get rid of Yucca , but you can't get rid of the government 's contract obligations , " says Jerry Stouck , a Washington attorney who represents several utilities in this dispute .
To date , courts have awarded utilities more than $ 1 billion , with appeals pending .
But those suits typically cover costs through 2004 ; a second wave of lawsuits is already under way for subsequent costs .
" What we 're going to have if the government does nothing is 50 mini - storage facilities , which the government is going to have to pay for .
The cost of consolidating that in one place or two places will be a lot less , " Mr. Stouck says .
By Jonathan Head
BBC News , Bangkok
Thailand 's strict lese - majeste laws protect King Bhumibol from criticism Police in Thailand have arrested the editor of a leading political website , on charges of carrying content that threatens national security .
The Bangkok - based Prachatai website is well - known for carrying content that Thai newspapers will not publish .
The charge carries a maximum five - year jail sentence .
Thailand 's reputation for media freedom has suffered in recent years , in particular through lese - majeste laws , which ban criticism of the monarchy .
Armed with an arrest warrant
Thai police entered the offices of Prachatai , and detained Chiranuch Premchaiporn , the woman who founded the popular news website five years ago .
She has been charged under a new law which makes it an offence to carry computer content that endangers national security .
Freedom of expression
When asked to explain what kind of content had brought about the charge , the police refused to comment , saying it was too sensitive .
But one officer , who did not want to be named , told the BBC it was comments about the monarchy posted by readers on the website at the end of last year that were at issue .
The Thai authorities have been increasingly intolerant of perceived criticism of the monarchy in recent months .
Thousands of websites have been blocked , and a number of people charged and arrested , including a well - known academic , who fled to Britain before he could be detained .
However the use of the severe lese - majeste law has provoked widespread condemnation around the world , and a campaign by academics to have the law changed .
By instead invoking the new computer crimes law - passed just 18 months ago - the authorities may be hoping to stifle debate about the monarchy without stirring up another outcry over freedom of expression in Thailand .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ digg-reddit-me ]
This excerpt is of David Sanger speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations , discussing “ Obama ’s Foreign Policy Inbox . ”
The nexus of all of our fears and worries about terrorism and Islamic extremism is in Pakistan today – as Barton Gellman explained in The Angler :
The nexus , if it was anywhere , was in Pakistan – a nuclear state whose national hero sold parts to the highest bidder , whose intelligence service backed the Taliban , and whose North - West Frontier Province became a refugre for al Qaeda .
WMD proliferation , al Qaeda , assorted other religious extremists – all these combine in the unstable nation of Pakistan which the New York Times explained is “ edging ever closer to the abyss . ”
Pakistan ’s military and intelligence services are not clearly on America ’s side – perhaps hoping to outlast our interest in the region .
Niall Ferguson reports that Pakistan ’s stabilizing middle class has been hit hard by this financial crisis ; the religious extremists have fought the central government almost to a standstill in the frontier regions of Pakistan – and a truce is now being negotiated .
Pakistan ’s civil society movement which drove General Musharaff from power is now rising up against the civilian government thanks to political shenanigans to marginalize opposition parties .
Corruption seems endemic .
The military and intelligence services seem to be implicated in some way in the recent Mumbai attacks – as well as numerous other terrorist incidents and A. Q. Khan ’s nuclear black market .
All of this helps explain why America likely has special ops troops stationed over the border in Afghanistan ready to secure it ’s nuclear sites in the event the nation suffers “ a rapid and sudden collapse ” – which the Pentagon ’s Joint Operating Environment determined was a not insignificant possibility .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
B.C. NDP candidate Ray Lam resigned after ' inappropriate ' photos on his private Facebook page became public .
( ( Facebook ) )
B.C. NDP Leader Carole James says the party 's former candidate for Vancouver - False Creek showed a " lack of judgment " over pictures displayed on his Facebook page .
Ray Lam resigned on Sunday over the photographs , one of which showed him palming a woman 's breast and another with his pants down and two people pulling at his underwear .
" Ray felt that they were inappropriate .
Certainly it shows a lack of judgment , and he made the decision to step down , " James said on Monday .
" He did n't want it to distract from the campaign , so we are moving on . "
James said candidates had been warned something like this could happen , saying even though the pictures were posted on a private page , " once you become a public figure , everything is public . "
" I saw the pictures on TV .
I thought they showed a lack of judgment .
It 's his age , you know , we all recognize that , but when you 're in politics and you are going to be a public figure , it 's important that you recognize that , " she said .
NDP responsible , Campbell says
B.C. Liberal Leader Gordon Campbell said the B.C. NDP has to take responsibility for the appearance of the images online .
" This was public information .
It was on the NDP website and they have some responsibilities in terms of that .
…
They were totally inappropriate pictures and the NDP has some questions to answer for , " he said Monday while campaigning near Vancouver .
The B.C. NDP needs to take responsiblity for racy images of former candidate Ray Lam that were posted on a Facebook page , according to B.C. Liberal Leader Gordon Campbell . ( ( Facebook ) )
Lam should have realized pictures from his private life , if posted online as part of his Facebook profile , would become part of the public record , Campbell said , adding Liberal candidates undergo a strict vetting process that includes online checks .
Campbell himself is no stranger to the troubles the private lives of politicians can cause their public careers .
In 2003 he fended off demands from the B.C. NDP to resign after he was arrested while on vacation in Hawaii and pleaded guilty to several charges related to driving while impaired .
The NDP has until Friday at noon to nominate a replacement and get the necessary papers to Elections BC in order to have a candidate included on the ballot for the May 12 provincial election .
Netbook has become as trendy a word as " cloud " and analysts predict sales are will grow 65 percent this year from 2008 's totals .
But the netbook pricing game is getting complicated as OEMs try to simultaneously add features and keep prices down .
The bad news for Microsoft ?
No matter whether the OEMs stick to $ 300 price points or push higher , Microsoft 's overall profits are vulnerable , say industry analysts .
On one hand , Microsoft today is running Windows XP Home with Intel Atom chips very successfully on 90 percent of all netbooks , according to research firm The NPD Group .
Yet cheaper , Linux - based netbooks that plan to run on low - cost but efficient processors from ARM pose a steady threat to Microsoft , one that could increase if Google puts its smartphone OS , Android , on netbooks .
Further confusing matters : PC OEMs such as Asus , Dell , Hewlett - Packard and Samsung , can't seem to decide whether they want netbooks to have more features and cost more than $ 500 or be ultra - basic tiny laptops that cost less than $ 300 .
Analyst Michael Cherry of independent research firm Directions on Microsoft says that netbooks will continue to be defined by price , not features .
" Soon it will be hard to consider something over $ 500 to be a netbook , " he says , adding that inexpensive netbooks offer the " greatest potential for Linux to grow with consumers . "
Microsoft partner Hewlett - Packard may have just contributed to that Linux growth .
This week , the Wall Street Journal reported that HP is considering running Android on its netbooks .
It is still unknown if HP will use ARM processors or Intel 's lower - end Atom processors .
Microsoft could take a hit whether netbook prices move up or down , analysts say .
If netbook OEMs load on features such as DVD drives and higher - resolution screens and start running pricier versions of Windows 7 ( Microsoft has said it will run Windows 7 Ultimate on netbooks ) , the price points will carry over into the realm of regular laptops - a troubled market that Microsoft wants to protect from further bleeding .
Gartner reported in January that revenue from the sale of PCs dropped between 15 and 20 percent during the fourth quarter of 2008 as sales of cheaper netbooks forced OEMs to reduce laptop prices .
One recent development that could also cut into the market for higher - priced laptops and leave Microsoft vulnerable is the acceptance of netbooks in recession - weary enterprises , analysts say .
Inexpensive and lightweight netbooks provide enough computing power for positions such as account managers and traveling salespeople .
Microsoft will still benefit from corporate netbooks , but not the way it would with the more profitable sales of traditional laptops .
Netbook OEMs HP , Acer and Asus have either launched or are preparing to launch enterprise model netbooks with increased battery life and higher resolution screens .
Veteran tech analyst Roger Kay says that a rise in netbook prices will likely come as OEMs adjust to run Windows 7 .
" It 's unlikely that Home Premium will be sold at the same price as XP Home Basic is now selling for netbooks .
So , if the OEMs beef up the specs on the products a little , they could end up running 7 Home Premium , and the whole bill of materials will rise . "
Yet if netbook prices continue the other way and keep dropping , Microsoft falls victim to the thrifty combination of Linux and ARM , which has said that 10 ARM - based netbooks are likely to hit stores by the end of this year .
Says analyst Cherry : " If the price gap between Windows and Linux - based netbooks widens , buyers may stop caring about the operating system . "
ARM has been candid about its desire to have its processors run on Windows , but so far Microsoft has refused to comment on any plans to port Windows to ARM - based processors .
This story , " Netbook Price War Could Hurt Microsoft " was originally published by CIO .
Barney Frank was responsible for shepherding the " Pay for Performance " bill through the House , and once again he demonstrated what a capable legislator he is .
And if you want to see how to cut through the wingnut talking heads ' disinformation campaign , watch Frank in action Wednesday night against CNN 's Lou Dobbs .
As you can see , Dobbs rigs the game -- laying out a string of misrepresentations and distortions and outright falsehoods about how the legislation proceeded -- and then telling Frank he has only " 2 seconds " to respond .
Frank does n't let him get away with it unscathed .
Indeed , Dobbs looks pretty rattled by the end .
But then , he 's been looking ghastly lately anyway .
I gather he 's been reading his ratings .
Transcript below :
DOBBS : Tonight in Washington , the House of Representatives passing the so - called Pay for Performance Bill mostly along party lines .
The bill is a response to the raging battle over bonuses and compensation in those companies and banks that received federal money .
The bill imposes new rules and limits on executive bonuses of companies receiving T.A.R.P. funds .
By the way , gives treasury secretary Timothy Geithner the power to decide reasonable compensation at all levels of any company .
Congressman Barney Frank , the chairman of the House Financial Services Committee , joins us here tonight .
Good to have you with us .
REP .
BARNEY FRANK , ( D - MA ) CHAIRMAN , HOUSE FINANCIAL SERVICES COMMITTEE :
Thank you .
DOBBS : This legislation has had a lot of people start scratching their heads .
Some of the same people by the way who are complaining about the fact that you all had not put any conditions on T.A.R.P. money you are now more than a little concerned that you 're going to give the treasury secretary the power to overreach .
What 's your reaction ?
FRANK : Well that it 's typical of the people who are determined to say we 're wrong no matter what we do .
First , I would make one correction , Lou .
It 's not the secretary treasury that was in the original bill .
People raised the question about expertise .
So is the secretary of the treasury subject to the approval of the major bank regulators , the head of the credit union administration .
As a matter of fact , three of the five will be Bush administration appointees so there 's some balance there .
DOBBS : Now I feel better .
FRANK : The fact is -- secretary of the treasury .
I understand , you say one thing and that 's just not accurate --
DOBBS : Well , wait a minute , Congressman , do n't be a snit .
I simply said I feel better about it being three members of the Bush administration .
FRANK : No , and you were being sarcastic about that .
DOBBS : I was being sarcastic about that .
FRANK : Yes , you are .
What I 'm saying is it 's a typical --
DOBBS : Let me ask you this Congressman --
FRANK : Lou , can I finish a sentence ?
DOBBS : You certainly may , because you 're off on such a good start , I would n't impede you .
FRANK : The point is , it 's not just the secretary of the treasury .
You made that point as if it was a criticism of too much power for one man .
I believe that that was a dimwit point and we amended it to include a number of people so that we get some balance .
Secondly it does respond directly to the outrage that we had heard about the fact that when the recovery bill was passed , an amendment was added to the language that Senator Dodd put .
Senator Dodd in my judgment deserves credit for pushing the whole area .
He did n't get everything he wanted .
We undid the part that said it could n't be retroactive .
Whether or not that holds up legally , the courts will determine .
But there was a great deal of anger that this amendment had been put in there .
People should have a chance to vote on whether they want to take it out or not .
DOBBS : A chance to vote on it ?
They 've also had a -- you know , I mean , Congressman , I have to say , I 'm sort of stunned .
You 're saying that you 're putting legislation through because people are angry , not because it has an effect that 's desirable on the economy or the institutions --
FRANK : No , no , they 're both .
You of all people should not think that people being angry and something being appropriate are mutually exclusive , Lou .
DOBBS : I did n't say they were mutually exclusive .
FRANK : Well with , that 's --
DOBBS : I 'm quoting you saying that was the reason that you did it .
FRANK : No , I said that was part of it --
DOBBS : Part of it ?
What 's the other part ?
FRANK : Lou , Lou , look , I 'm sorry but it 's been a long day .
If we can have complete sentences from each other , that would be useful .
DOBBS : I 'm waiting .
FRANK : The fact is -- good .
The fact is that I think this is a case where the public anger was justified , that the assumption of public policy is correct .
So it 's not only done because of public anger , but that is a legitimate factor .
There were complaints not just -- and it's not just anger .
There was an argument that it was procedurally inappropriate for there to have been a substantive change made in the recovery bill without people having had a chance to vote for it one way or the other .
I do think that 's a legitimate argument for reversing that and having opened this .
Then given the fact there 's going to be a vote whether they are for it or not .
I found it hypocritical , the Republicans who complained that this was put in there and said it was terrible who then voted to keep it there , but members were free to vote either way .
DOBBS : Well , Congressman , I mean , when you say -- start this partisan stuff , I mean , if you believe that you and Senator Dodd have showered yourselves with glory on the oversight of the financial institutions of this country , you know , I 'm stunned by that .
I accept your criticism of the Republicans .
But I do n't understand what you 're saying about your own roles .
FRANK : Well I will tell you what I say about my own role .
That we in fact done good over site .
I did n't say I showered myself with glory .
I have said this , when the Republican administration came to us in the fall and said we had to have it we resisted the speed with which they wanted and we were able to get some oversight in there , not as much as we liked .
But we did have the inspector general who has made good reports .
We had the GAO .
By the way , we 've also begun to get some money back , $ 29 million paid in dividends already .
We also pressed for restrictions on compensation and restrictions on the excessive and lavish entertainment .
We have been sufficiently successful in that , in cooperation with the Obama administration .
A number of recipients are now complaining that it 's too tough .
So in response to that in the recovery bill , I did find some language that said , if it 's too tough , give the money back .
Because it was originally hard for them to do that so we have made it possible for them to give their money back .
I 'm encouraging any of them who think we 're being too tough to do it .
But I would say the fact that they have begun to say now we are going to give the money back , is an indication that we have finally been able in cooperation with the Obama administration to put some real oversight over them .
DOBBS : If you would , listen to what AIG CEO Edward Liddy had to say as he defended the bonus payments that he made , which by the way were made possible through Senator Dodd 's oversight ?
If you would listen to Mr. Liddy .
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
EDWARD LIDDY , AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL
GROUP CEO :
The Americans are asking quite simply why pay these people anything at all .
Here 's why .
I 'm trying desperately to prevent an uncontrolled collapse of that business .
This is the only way to improve AIG 's ability to pay taxpayers back quickly and completely .
And the only way to avoid a systemic shock to the economy that the U.S. government helps was meant to relieve .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
DOBBS : The house -- I 'm sorry .
FRANK : Do you want me to comment or should I wait ?
DOBBS : Please .
FRANK : First , it 's wrong to say Senator Dodd 's amendment or his language allowed them to happen .
The bonuses happened after the Federal Reserve without Congressional input agreed to give the money last September .
This is not like the one we voted on .
They just did it .
The bonuses were paid then .
What Senator Dodd did was try to restrict this .
He was not able to get everything he wanted and so the treasury under the Obama administration did succeed in getting a restriction , making it retroactive .
But if Senator Dodd did nothing they would have been paid .
But what we have now said is , OK , the point you make , Senator Dodd made it possible .
The language change that said they could n't be done retroactively is what we tried to change today .
So again if people are critical of what happened in the Senate in that regard or in the recovery bill , we have undone it .
Secondly , I disagree with Mr. Liddy 's statement .
He said , people have said why pay them anything .
I do n't expect people to work for nothing .
I expect good people to work for significant increases .
What we say in the bill today is there should be bonuses that are performance - based .
I do object to extortion in bonuses .
I object to people saying , we know the secrets and if you do n't pay us a lot more money just to stay here , we 're going to quit , especially when someone did quit a few months later .
We specifically say no , of course people should n't work for nothing .
They should work for good salaries and they should be performance - based .
DOBBS : And set by as reasonable or not excessive by whom ?
FRANK : The control of the currency , the FDIC and the secretary treasury .
When you said before that we have n't done good oversight , but I do n't know what you meant by that .
We did oversight in saying you shall not -- this only applies to people who are getting a capital infusion from the Federal government while they have it .
If they think these things are a problem , they can pay the money back and have no further restriction .
DOBBS : Let me be clear then as we wrap up here .
The reason I said that the oversight had been lamentable is for a couple of reasons .
First , there was no conditions precedent in the bailout money itself as passed by the Congress .
FRANK : Not true .
DOBBS : Back in -- well , excuse me , I 'm going to give you my version of the truth because you insisted we speak complete sentences without interruption so I 'm sure you 'll reciprocate the courtesy .
FRANK : You 're right .
I will .
DOBBS : In point of fact , the Democratic led Congress along with the Bush presidency pushed through the bailout which did not have sufficient conditions precedent to the bailout money that addressed the issues of compensation , nor did it have any of the necessary oversight , including by your own committee , established , and your own chairman of the oversight panel that you have put in place , Professor Elizabeth Warren , said she 's not getting sufficient cooperation to carry out her job .
FRANK : May I respond ?
DOBBS : Those are the statements .
FRANK : May I respond ?
DOBBS : If you can do it in like 2 seconds please --
FRANK : Oh , you 're going to make that accusation and give me only 2 seconds to respond ?
That 's just totally unfair , Lou , you have misstated --
DOBBS : You are sir an absolute exempt particular of absolute nonpartisan objectivity .
FRANK : May I finish ?
DOBBS : Go ahead , please .
FRANK : You engage in that hyperbole .
There is a real difference between the Democrats and Republicans here .
DOBBS : Oh , my --
FRANK : Come on , Lou .
DOBBS : Congressman Frank , you are far better than that .
FRANK : Are we going to have a rational conversation or not ?
DOBBS : I 'm perfectly willing to end it , but you go right ahead .
FRANK : You made a bunch of accusations and you want to shut me off .
DOBBS : OK .
FRANK : We did put oversight in there in advance , including the creation of the Elizabeth Warren panel .
Which the Republicans debate having appointed , including a special inspector general , including big powers of the GAO , and the other thing is , you say you do n't want the secretary of the treasury to have power .
We wanted to restrict compensation .
You cannot write a number in there because these things have to change and be flexible .
So yes , we did write in restrictions in advance on restricting compensation .
They were not well used under the Bush administration .
They 've been better used under the Obama administration .
But there were conditions present there and elsewhere .
DOBBS : Congressman Barney Frank .
Thank you , sir .
Lee Redmond had not cut her nails since 1979
An American woman listed in the Guinness Book of World Records for having the world 's longest fingernails has had them broken off in a car crash .
Lee Redmond from Salt Lake City , Utah , had not cut her nails since 1979 .
Their combined length was more than 28ft ( 8.5 m ) , with the longest nail - on her right thumb - measuring 2ft 11in ( 89 cm ) , Guinness said .
Ms Redmond suffered serious injuries in the crash , but is expected to make a full recovery .
A local newspaper , the Deseret News , said she was a passenger in a sports utility vehicle ( SUV ) at the time of the accident .
Her nails were " damaged beyond repair " , according to the Guinness World Records website .
The organisation said she had been a " fantastic ambassador " for them , and that her nails had been " a fundamental part of her life and unique character " .
THOUSANDS of people who posted messages of hate and threats on the internet relating to accused arsonist Brendan Sokaluk in the days after he was charged potentially face serious criminal charges , lawyers and internet regulators warn .
Since Friday , at least five groups on social networking site Facebook had attracted about 3500 people , with most users either threatening or inciting violence towards the accused .
" Burn him like he burned those innocent people … just a lot slower , " wrote one man .
Another man , who described himself as a volunteer firefighter , said the accused arsonist " deserves to suffer " .
Science
NASA Spacecraft Detects Buried Glaciers on Mars
NASA / JPL Artist concept of glacier on Mars .
Courtesy of National Aeronautics and Space Administration
PASADENA , Calif . - NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has revealed vast Martian glaciers of water ice under protective blankets of rocky debris at much lower latitudes than any ice previously identified on the Red Planet .
Scientists analyzed data from the spacecraft 's ground - penetrating radar and report in the Nov. 21 issue of the journal Science that buried glaciers extend for dozens of miles from edges of mountains or cliffs .
A layer of rocky debris blanketing the ice may have preserved the underground glaciers as remnants from an ice sheet that covered middle latitudes during a past ice age .
This discovery is similar to massive ice glaciers that have been detected under rocky coverings in Antarctica .
" Altogether , these glaciers almost certainly represent the largest reservoir of water ice on Mars that is not in the polar caps , " said John W. Holt of the University of Texas at Austin , who is lead author of the report .
" Just one of the features we examined is three times larger than the city of Los Angeles and up to one - half - mile thick .
And there are many more .
In addition to their scientific value , they could be a source of water to support future exploration of Mars . "
Scientists have been puzzled by what are known as aprons - gently sloping areas containing rocky deposits at the bases of taller geographical features - since NASA 's Viking orbiters first observed them on the Martian surface in the 1970s .
One theory has been that the aprons are flows of rocky debris lubricated by a small amount of ice .
Now , the shallow radar instrument on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has provided scientists an answer to this Martian puzzle .
" These results are the smoking gun pointing to the presence of large amounts of water ice at these latitudes , ” said Ali Safaeinili , a shallow - radar instruments team member with NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
Radar echoes received by the spacecraft indicated radio waves pass through the aprons and reflect off a deeper surface below without significant loss in strength .
That is expected if the apron areas are composed of thick ice under a relatively thin covering .
The radar does not detect reflections from the interior of these deposits as would occur if they contained significant rock debris .
The apparent velocity of radio waves passing through the apron is consistent with a composition of water ice .
Scientists developed the shallow radar instrument for the orbiter to examine these mid-latitude geographical features and layered deposits at the Martian poles .
The Italian Space Agency provided the instrument .
" We developed the instrument so it could operate on this kind of terrain , " said Roberto Seu , leader of the instrument science team at the University of Rome La Sapienza in Italy .
" It is now a priority to observe other examples of these aprons to determine whether they are also ice . "
Holt and 11 co-authors report the buried glaciers lie in the Hellas Basin region of Mars ' southern hemisphere .
The radar also has detected similar - appearing aprons extending from cliffs in the northern hemisphere .
" There 's an even larger volume of water ice in the northern deposits , ” said JPL geologist Jeffrey J. Plaut , who will be publishing results about these deposits in the American Geophysical Union 's Geophysical Research Letters .
" The fact these features are in the same latitude bands , about 35 to 60 degrees in both hemispheres , points to a climate - driven mechanism for explaining how they got there . "
The rocky debris blanket topping the glaciers apparently has protected the ice from vaporizing , which would happen if it were exposed to the atmosphere at these latitudes .
" A key question is , how did the ice get there in the first place ? ” said James W. Head of Brown University , Providence , R.I . " The tilt of Mars ' spin axis sometimes gets much greater than it is now .
Climate modeling tells us ice sheets could cover mid-latitude regions of Mars during those high - tilt periods .
The buried glaciers make sense as preserved fragments from an ice age millions of years ago .
On Earth , such buried glacial ice in Antarctica preserves the record of traces of ancient organisms and past climate history . "
JPL manages the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington .
For more about the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , visit : http://www.nasa.gov/mro
Media contacts : Guy Webster 818-354-6278
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov
Dwayne Brown 202-358-1726
NASA Headquarters , Washington
dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov
Back to News »
The trouble - makers are out in force again .
Dressed in black , their faces partly obscured , some of them appear to be interested only in violent confrontation .
It 's almost as if they are deliberately raising the temperature , pushing and pushing until a fight kicks off .
But this is n't some disorganised rabble : these people were bussed in and are plainly acting in concert .
There 's another dead giveaway .
They are all wearing the same slogan : Police .
The police have been talking up violence at the G20 protests for weeks .
They briefed journalists and companies in the City of London about the evil designs of the climate campaigners intending to demonstrate there , but refused to let the campaigners attend the briefings and put their own side of the story .
They also rebuffed the campaigners when they sought to explain to the police what they wanted to do .
The way officers tooled themselves up in riot gear and waded into a peaceful crowd this afternoon makes it look almost as if they were trying to ensure that their predictions came true .
Their bosses appear to have failed either to read or to heed the report by the parliamentary committee on human rights last week , about the misuse of police powers against protesters .
" Whilst we recognise police officers should not be placed at risk of serious injury , " the report said , " the deployment of riot police can unnecessarily raise the temperature at protests . "
But there has always been a conflict of interest inherent in policing .
The police are supposed to prevent crime and keep the streets safe .
But if they are too successful , they do themselves out of a job .
They have a powerful interest in exaggerating threats and , perhaps , an interest in ensuring that sometimes these threats materialise .
This could explain what I 've seen at one protest after another , where peaceful demonstrations turn into ugly rucks only when the police attack .
The wildly disproportionate and unnecessary violence I 've sometimes seen the police deploy could scarcely be better designed to provoke a reaction .
If this is so , they lose nothing .
They might get the occasional rap over the knuckles from MPs or the police complaints commission .
It does n't seem to bother them .
By planting the idea in the public mind that the streets could erupt into catastrophic violence at any time , were it not for the thick blue line thrown around even the mildest protest , they establish the need for a heavy police presence .
While the public lives in fear , no government dares to cut the policing budget .
Monbiot.com
But it turns out that the recession has also had some less - heralded -- but possibly even more depressing -- effects .
Like these .
We all hate home foreclosures , rising unemployment rates and Wall Street CEOs bitching about how tough it 's going to be to afford chauffeurs and summer homes on $ 500,000 salaries .
Every Saturday , we get our favorite writers to throw a guest article together , while we pass out somewhere outside and sleep the weekend away .
Today , we have Lia and Nick Romeo from ThingsToBeMiserableAbout.com .
Not only do they run that blog , but they also have a book , 11,002 Things to be Miserable About .
Want a copy ?
Find out how at the end of the article !
6 People Are Getting Fatter
Since the recession began , workers at the Spam plant in Austin , Texas have been putting in overtime , churning out batches of the pink , glistening , vaguely meat - like substance with " a mere hint of sodium nitrite " for the millions of Americans who can no longer afford real meat .
Anyone up for Spam , Spam , Spam , Spam , Spam , Spam , Spam , baked beans , Spam , Spam and Spam ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The disturbing surge in the sales and consumption of Spam is part of a larger trend , in which people are choosing cheaper -- and generally more fattening -- food ( or vaguely food - like ) products , and packing on what media outlets are cutely calling " recession pounds . "
McDonald 's sales are up , even as privately owned restaurants fail right and left , and Americans -- 3.8 million of whom already weigh over 300 pounds -- are getting even fatter .
In fact , one study estimates that a 10 percent increase in the poverty rate would lead to a six percent increase in the obesity rate .
Just what we need .
[ subtitle ] [ num ] 5 [/num ]
And Uglier [ / subtitle ]
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Well , there 's always plastic surgery , right ?
Not during the recession .
For most Americans , the option of having that extra fat vacuumed out of their thighs has gone the way of new clothes , Caribbean vacations and being able to retire before they 're 85 or so .
Rates of lipo , as well as rhinoplasty , boob jobs , Botox and all those other little enhancements that make it possible to look at our neighbors -- and ourselves -- without grimacing , are down .
Way down .
In plastic surgery hub Orange County , business has dropped 30 - 40 percent .
Keep in mind , this does n't affect the country club wives who get new boobs because they 're bored .
That 30 percent is coming out of the middle class .
The folks who 've been saving up to have the goiter removed so they do n't cause children to run screaming from the room .
And what about the plastic surgeons ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So sad .
And if you can't get depressed about a drop in plastic surgery , in an unrelated but also uglifying trend , ever since the economy tanked , men , for some unexplained reason , have been much more likely to grow bushy facial hair .
Yes , that 's right , beards are back .
Maybe men are trying to protect themselves -- metaphorically -- from all the turmoil out there .
Or maybe they 're just too depressed to shave .
[ subtitle ] [ num ] 4[/num ]
And Can't Afford Beer [ / subtitle ]
The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , or SAMHSA , is the Federal Government ’s lead agency for improving the quality and availability of substance abuse prevention , addiction treatment , and mental health services in the United States .
They have released the results of their 2007 Treatment Episode Data Set , or TEDS , showing the National Admissions to Substance Abuse Treatment Services .
Let ’s take a look at the statistics for marijuana , shall we ?
In 1997 , about 200,000 people checked into treatment for marijuana .
By 2005 , that number has risen to over 300,000 people , though it has tapered off a bit these last couple of years .
By any account , this is a huge rise in the number of people seeking rehab for marijuana in just a decade .
It would seem like the powerful new “ Not Your Father ’s Woodstock Weed ” has given rise to a 50 % increase in reefer addicts !
However , when you look behind the numbers , you find that this increase has more to do with the rapid increase of drug courts in the late ’90s , early ’00s .
By far , most of the people who are in treatment for marijuana are forced there !
57 % are forced into treatment by the criminal justice system , while only 15 % admitted themselves to treatment .
For comparison ’s sake , over all drugs combined , 1 /3rd of all admissions are self - admissions , marijuana is the drug with the lowest self - admission rates ( lower than meth ) and highest criminal justice - admission rates ( higher than meth ) , and for alcohol , self - admission is around 29 % and criminal justice ( including DUI ) admissions are only 42.5 % .
Even more interesting is a look at the actual substance use of the people admitted to treatment .
Almost 4 out of ten marijuana smokers who are in treatment have n’t even used marijuana in thirty days !
Again , for comparison , only 1 out of 4 alcohol admissions did n’t drink in the past month , and the number is only 1 in 6 for heroin .
Another interesting figure : almost 58 % of marijuana admissions are first - time admissions to drug treatment , a number that seems suspisciously close to the 56.9 % of admissions from criminal justice .
That ’s the highest first - time figure of all the common drugs ( marijuana , alcohol , heroin , cocaine , and meth ) .
Of those drugs , marijuana and alcohol are the only ones where the majority of drug treatment admissions are not returns to treatment .
Also , 31 % of marijuana users in treatment are employed , a number twice that of heroin or cocaine admissions , but lower than the 42.5 % of employed alcohol users in treatment .
Finally , 3/4ths of marijuana rehabbers are male , half are white , 2/3rds are under age 25 .
Marijuana has the lowest average age of admittance ( 24 years old ) , with all other drugs but inhalants and hallucinogens having average ages in the 30’s .
The average alcohol or crack cocaine rehabber is 39 years old .
While we certainly prefer any marijuana smoker caught by law enforcement to be sent to rehab rather than jail , the sentencing of people to rehab who do n’t really need it means we are wasting resources that could be better directed to the unfulfilled needs of hard drugs addicts .
If alcohol and crack ’s average rehab age was closer to 20 than to 40 , how much time , money , and misery would we save in this country ?
Instead we arrest mostly young people for their marijuana use , then sentence them to rehab , then cite the increasing numbers of young people in rehab for marijuana as proof of the increasing danger of marijuana , which is then used to justify arresting more mostly young people for their marijuana use .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
A strange thing happened in the scientific literature recently .
A pair of creationists , who have seemingly legitimate scientific credentials , attempted to publish some creationist assertions in a peer - reviewed journal .
Their effort was nearly successful , mostly because they hid their pseudoscience in the middle of the article , surrounded by legitimate scientific discussion of unrelated topics .
Luckily , they were caught just in time , and it turned out that they were pretty clumsy .
In fact , if they had been just a bit more clever , they might have gotten away with it .
First , let us examine the facts : the two authors , Mohamad Warda and Jin Han , submitted a review paper to the mainstream journal Proteomics .
This is a well - regarded journal , with a distinguished editorial board , which focuses on novel technologies for studying the protein content ( the " proteome " ) of a cell or a tissue sample .
Virtually all scientists reading this journal are familiar with evolutionary theory , but the journal itself is not a forum for discussion of evolution .
No one would expect a paper on creationism to appear here .
The paper submitted by Warda and Han was a review paper about mitochondria .
The mitochondrion is an organelle contained within the cells of most multicellular life , including plants and animals .
Mitochondria are often referred to as the " energy factories " of the cell , because they produce adenosine triphosphate , ATP , which is the source of much of the chemical energy that a cell uses .
Of course , mitochondria do not " make " energy — they merely help to convert energy from food into another form of energy that the body can use .
Review papers are different from other scientific papers : rather than describing novel experiments and results , they review and summarize the work of others on a particular topic .
Reviews do not normally contain new conclusions , but once in a while a review paper might distill many related findings into a broader result than any of the individual papers discussed in the review .
The Warda and Han paper professed to be a summary of how proteins in the cell interact with the mitochondrial genome .
Fair enough .
It turned out , though , that Warda and Han are creationists , and their " review " was a stealth attempt to get their creationist claims into the peer - reviewed literature .
This report describes what they did and how they got caught .
The paper and the " mighty creator "
Like many journals , Proteomics releases papers on - line before the official publication appears .
In early February 2008 , I was alerted by Andrew MacArthur , an evolutionary biologist , that there was a new paper in Proteomics that gave a " mighty creator " credit for designing the mitochondrion .
The paper was titled " Mitochondria , the missing link between body and soul : Proteomic prospective evidence . "
Much of the paper reads like any review paper , with considerable technical detail and 239 references to the literature .
However , the paper had four major red flags that the journal 's reviewers and editors should have caught before accepting it for publication :
The title
The abstract
The creationist claim
The conclusions
The title .
Scientific papers do not talk about the " soul " , and although this could be just a clever metaphorical usage of that word , the title should raise suspicions that the paper contains something other than science .
The abstract .
The very first paragraph of most papers is the abstract , a short summary of the main results .
Warda and Han write that their review includes " novel proteomics evidence to disprove the endosymbiotic hypothesis of mitochondrial evolution that is replaced in this work by a more realistic alternative . "
First of all , novel evidence does not belong in a review , so the reviewers should have been on the alert when they saw that .
But more important , this claim should be quite startling to any evolutionary biologist .
The endosymbiotic hypothesis proposes that the mitochondria found in many organisms today are the remnants of an ancient bacterium that was engulfed by an early , single - celled ancestor of eukaryotes about two billion years ago .
This hypothesis dates back many decades ( see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endosymbiotic_theory) and has been gaining support since the 1960s ; for example , see the papers by Kurland and Andersson ( 2000 ) and Gray and others ( 2001 ) .
The sequencing of the mitochondrial genomes of many animals and plants has greatly strengthened the endosymbiotic hypothesis .
So what do Warda and Han have to offer as an alternative ?
The abstract does not say .
The creationist claim .
The paper reviews the literature in a rather dry fashion until page 8 , in a section titled " Mitochondrial integrated function disproves endosymbiotic hypothesis of mitochondrial evolution . "
In this section , Warda and Han do some funny things .
First , they cite a number of references that have nothing to do with the findings in this section .
Then they offer up the statement that attracted the most attention from the blogosphere :
Alternatively , instead of sinking into a swamp of endless debates about the evolution of mitochondria , it is better to come up with a unified assumption .
...
More logically , the points that show proteomics overlapping between different forms of life are more likely to be interpreted as a reflection of a single common fingerprint initiated by a mighty creator than relying on a single cell that is , in a doubtful way , surprisingly originating all other kinds of life .
Aside from the fact that this sentence is so badly written as to be nearly incomprehensible , the phrase " mighty creator " sticks out like a sore thumb .
Boiled down to its essence , Warda and Han are saying " God did it . "
The conclusion .
Does the article contain any more creationist assertions ?
After the " mighty creator " section , it just jumps back into review mode and continues like that almost until the end — until the very last paragraph .
There , Warda and Han had one more surprise .
They concluded that " many controversial questions still need to be answered , e.g. , how signaling molecules ... precisely translocate from or to mitochondria in a matter of milliseconds while crossing a huge ocean of soluble and insoluble barriers . "
Perhaps this is a legitimate question , but then they wrote : " we still need to know the secret behind this disciplined organized wisdom .
We realize so far that mitochondria could be the link between the body and this preserved wisdom of the soul devoted to guaranteeing life . "
This is simply nonsense — the mitochondria are linked to the " wisdom of the soul " ?
It is gibberish , and nothing in the article supported it , but somehow it slipped past the reviewers .
The plagiarism is uncovered
Thanks to the rapid action of the blogosphere , and four blogs in particular , this paper came to the attention of many scientists before the print version appeared .
I first blogged on the paper on February 7 , 2008 ( http://genefinding.blogspot.com/2008/02/stealth-attempt-to-sneak-creationism.html).
Attila Cordas ( http://pimm.wordpress.com/2008/01/29/http://pimm.wordpress.com/2008/01/29/can-you-tell-a-good-article-from-a-bad-article-based-on-the-abstract-and-the-title/) and Lars Juhl Jensen ( http://larsjuhljensen.wordpress.com/2008/02/10/commentary-neither-buried-nor-treasure) also blogged about it .
PZ
Myers mentioned it a day before I did on his widely - read Pharyngula blog ( http://scienceblogs.com/pharyngula/2008/02/a_baffling_failure_of_peer_rev.php), and within a matter of hours a commenter named Sili asked , " has anyone yet checked to see whether this might be plagiarized ? "
The disjointed style was the first clue — much of the article appears technically competent , although the writing style varies , and the creationist claims are written very poorly .
Within a few more hours , the first evidence of plagiarism was uncovered : an entire paragraph copied verbatim from another article .
From there , the evidence quickly snowballed .
Within a few days there were dozens of examples , and it appeared that the majority of the text was simply copied wholesale from other sources .
John MacDonald , a professor at the University of Delaware , compiled many of these into a document ( http://udel.edu/~mcdonald/wardahan.pdf) showing that Warda and Han stole much of their article from six different articles plus a scientific website .
The examples fill eight pages .
In all cases , Warda and Han copied text word - for - word without attribution .
Plagiarism is a gross violation of scientific ethics .
From the journal 's point of view , it represents another problem : copyright violation .
Because the text was taken without attribution and without permission , the authors were violating the copyright of the original authors .
Ironically , the discovery of plagiarism by the bloggers gave Proteomics an easy out : because of the plagiarism , editor - in - chief Michael Dunn insisted that Warda and Han retract the paper .
The article was removed from the journal website , which now says only that the retraction is " due [ to ] a substantial overlap of the content of this article with previously published articles in other journals . "
Further adding to the irony , the article remains the fourth most highly - accessed article for the journal in the past year , no doubt because of the controversy .
The authors
Mohamad Warda and Jin Han submitted the article from Inje University in Korea , a relatively new university that as yet has little international stature for scientific research .
Han has published multiple scientific articles in respectable journals ; Warda was apparently working as Han 's student or postdoc , and now lists his address as Cairo University in Egypt .
Warda and Han had published together previously , including at least one paper in the journal Proteomics .
The authors were contacted directly by James Randerson of The Guardian , who reported the incident on his blog ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/blog/2008/feb/13/thankstocjv5040forputting).
Only Warda responded , and his response makes it clear that ( a ) he is a creationist , and ( b ) he can not write English well .
In an e-mail quoted by Randerson , Warda wrote :
The problem is that we described in very clear and definite way the disciplined nature that takes part inside our cells .
We supported our meaning with define proteomics evidences that cry in front of scientists that the mitochondria is not evolved from other prokaryotes .
They want to destroy us because we say the truth ; only the truth .
And in response to a question about plagiarism , he wrote " I not burrow [ sic ] any sentences from others , " despite the obvious evidence that he borrowed voluminously .
PZ Myers was able to get a response ( see http://scienceblogs.com/pharyngula/2008/02/one_author_responds.php) from Jin Han , who explained that :
I found the serious mistakes in the paper during the process of edits , which I confused between the early drafts and the latest versions : I did not check the use of the sentences in the references ( more than 200 references ) .
Finally I made serious error to make the final version .
In order to rectify an error , I requested to retract the paper to the editorial office of Proteomics .
Myers pointed out , correctly , that this response does not really explain anything : not the creationist claims , nor the bizarre title , and certainly not the extensive plagiarism .
Clearly , based on their efforts to sneak false creationist claims past reviewers , Warda and Han are dishonest scientists whose work should be viewed with great skepticism in the future .
Their extensive plagiarism is a second offense , and that alone would disqualify them from work in most legitimate scientific laboratories .
In the United States , plagiarism is one of the few activities that can ( and has , in some cases ) lead to the firing of a tenured professor .
Warda and Han should at a minimum be censured by their universities , but thus far there is no evidence that any action was taken .
The editor 's response
I contacted the editor - in - chief of Proteomics , Michael Dunn , to find out more about what happened .
Many scientists have speculated publicly that the peer review process went seriously wrong for this paper .
Dunn assured me that the paper was reviewed by two " well - respected and highly competent reviewers " both of whom recommended minor revisions .
For some reason , though , " neither picked up the references to creationism , nor did they recognize that sections of the text were plagiarized , " according to Dunn .
It is not too surprising that the reviewers missed the plagiarism , but the title and abstract should have raised huge red flags warning the reviewers that this article had questionable science .
I have to conclude that the reviewers were very sloppy , incompetent , or both ; at the very least they were inattentive in this case , despite the editor 's claims to the contrary .
And Dunn himself is not without responsibility in this case : he must have seen the reference to " the soul " in the article 's title , and he should have been more pro-active .
His failure to make any public statement about the creationist claims in the article also raises questions about the leadership at the journal .
Conclusion
This entire episode points out a weakness in scientific peer review that creationists and other pseudoscience proponents may try to exploit again .
We only caught this attempted fraud thanks to the diligence of bloggers : the journal itself had already missed it .
What is perhaps more troubling is the fact that the journal relied solely on the plagiarism to force the retraction : if not for that , the article might have been published despite its unsubstantiated creationist claims .
I asked Dunn specifically about this issue , but he declined to comment .
The Warda and Han paper demonstrates a new strategy that proponents of creationism might attempt again , and perhaps next time they will not be so foolish as to plagiarize their text .
We can only hope that the publicity surrounding this incident will alert both reviewers and editors of scientific journals to be on the lookout for " stealth " creationist claims in the future .
February 2009
Yes , but Is It Good ?
It ’s a question we skirt around all the time as science fiction critics .
We ’re comfortable asking : can it be bad science fiction but a good novel ?
That one ’s easy : of course it ’s possible .
There ’s any number of mainstream attempts at science fiction out there that have all the qualities we associate with well - wrought fiction : finely delineated characters , lyrical prose , and so on and so forth .
But when it comes to the science fictional idea the whole thing collapses in a mess of idiocy , of over - used gimmicks and under - developed thought .
Turn the question round , however , and we start to stumble .
Can a work be good science fiction but a bad novel ?
When you consider the question in the abstract it ’s simple .
No , of course it ’s not possible .
We want it all : great ideas and great literary values .
After all , how are you going to get those rich , complex , fascinating ideas across to your reader if you ca n’t drive the language properly ?
There ’s a certain arrogance in this position , of course .
Science fiction has to be better than any other form of literature because it does all the stuff the mainstream does , with extra added ideas .
However , start to name individual writers or novels and this position starts to come unstuck .
What about Isaac Asimov ?
The only thing female about Susan Calvin in all the robot stories is her name , yet those stories shaped the genre despite the feeble characterisation .
How about Robert Heinlein ’s Starship Troopers ?
It has all the literary sensibility of a Tonka toy , but it is an important work of science fiction nonetheless .
Or let ’s take a current example : Incandescence by Greg Egan .
I do n’t know if Egan could ever make it as a literary novelist , but he ’s the ideas man par excellence of contemporary science fiction .
A large part of this new novel involves complex ideas from mathematics and physics being rediscovered and explained in simple , non-mathematical language that has even someone like me , who has difficulty with simple sums , feeling like I can grasp what is going on .
It is the very model of a modern hard sf novel .
Take the " hard sf " out of that sentence , however , and you ’re on dodgy ground .
Plotting is rudimentary at best , particularly the feeble trigger that sends Rakesh and Parantham off on their space operatic quest into the heart of the galaxy .
As for character , Roi and Zak and the other insectoid creatures on whom Egan focuses most of his attention are hardly brilliantly defined individuals .
Though that is largely the point , given the nature of their race and civilisation .
So we have a book that thrills as science fiction , but barely satisfies as fiction .
Do we count that success ?
Or failure ?
Actually , what we should do is acknowledge that we are asking the wrong questions .
When we ask if it is possible for a work to be good science fiction and a bad novel ( or even the other way round ) we are making an assumption that there is some absolute standard for what makes good science fiction , and some absolute standard for what makes a good novel .
There is neither .
I am tempted to describe a novel ( or indeed any piece of writing , fiction or nonfiction ) as no more than a vehicle designed to convey a cargo ( story , ideas , impressions ) from point A ( the mind of the writer ) to point B ( the mind of the reader ) .
Such a description , of course , raises more than enough questions of its own to have any self - respecting academic foaming at the mouth , but I ’m not inclined to go into here ; let it stand for the moment at least .
None of us can ever know both point A and point B ( in a very real sense , no one can be the reader of their own writing ) , and most of us only ever know point B , so our assessment of the efficacy of the conveyance ( or the communication , if you will ) must always be partial .
That ’s part of the territory , we must live with it .
Good writing , therefore , can perhaps best be described not in terms of verisimilitude or poetic imagery or any of the other normal attributes we associate with the term .
Such attributes , rather , delineate distinct forms of good writing , particular genres if you will .
No , good writing , in broad and general terms , should be described simply as whatever writing best conveys the novel ’s cargo .
So , for certain ideas you may need a very simple , unadorned , fact - laden prose ; certain images might be better conveyed by a prose that aspires to be poetry .
Similarly , leaden and repetitive writing is bad if it is put at the service of a story that is meant to carry the reader away with wonder ; while prose that is heavy on the adjectives and allusions does n’t really work if you are trying to get across something crisp and clear and unequivocal .
This is a rather dull , prosaic , empirical approach to good writing : it ’s what works best for the story being told .
Goodbye to absolute standards of quality , and goodbye also to any notion that " good writing , " however defined , is in and of itself enough to mark any work as good .
Okay , there may be some books whose sole intent is to make the reader swoon at the beauty of the words , but they are few and far between .
Most works of fiction ( and , indeed , most works of nonfiction , most dramas , most poems , most business reports , most blog posts , what have you ) have something more in mind than the enchantment of language alone .
What that something more might be will , of course , vary .
It might be story or character or description or sense of place or facts or argument or a myriad other things , and the way the prose is used to convey that will inevitably vary also .
And that does not mean that one type of writing must necessarily be used for one type of purpose -- far from it .
The unutterably beautiful and the deliberately flat might each work perfectly well to tell a story or present a set of facts .
On the contrary , what I am trying to stress is that there are any number of forms that good writing might take , and they depend on any number of other things that are going on in the work .
So let us go back to those original questions : is it possible for something to be bad science fiction and a good novel , or to be good science fiction and a bad novel ?
The questions are meaningless .
They only work if you assume that there is some absolute standard of " good novel " that holds whatever else that novel might be doing , and that is just ridiculous .
You can ask : is it a good novel ?
Or you can ask : is it a good science fiction novel ?
( In reality , the two amount to the same thing . )
But you can not set one against the other .
If the elements that make the story science fiction fail , then it is a bad novel regardless of how good the writing or the characterisation or any other things that go around it might be , because you read a book as a totality not as a set of distinct and separable parts .
Similarly , if a science fiction novel is full of great ideas but is written in a prose style that either makes interesting ideas dull or that so overwhelms the ideas with extravagant prose that the ideas are lost , then it is a bad novel .
Science fiction sets high standards for itself , because we value the ideative content of the work as much as everything else that normally goes to make a good novel .
But that only means it is easier to fail , since there are more things that can go wrong .
Yet those high standards are not different standards , all that is required to make a good science fiction novel is exactly what is required to make a good novel of any other genre : the prose may be plain or ornate , but it must make what is important in making the novel work sing in the mind of the reader .
The move , which have infuriated traditionalists , has come about because traditional red balls cannot be seen against a night sky , while trials with other coloured balls such as pink or orange have proved unsuccessful .
If a white ball is to be used , the cricketers ' clothing must be some other colour .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Notice a decrease in water pressure coming from your bathroom shower head ?
Got the faucet wide open and it still takes forever to get wet ?
Do n't rush off to the home improvement store for a new fixture just yet .
The solution might be in your kitchen .
While there are several styles and methods that contractors use to supply water to your shower , some matters are universal .
For instance , behind the front wall of your shower , behind the decorative ceramic tile and water resistant sheet rock is a vertical piece of galvanized pipe which is connected to a galvanized 90 degree angle pipe fixture .
From this pipe connection is a horizontal piece of galvanized pipe which extends through the shower wall , the bathroom tile and into your shower area .
This is a given .
Now connected to the end of this pipe you have a myriad of choices with which to spew water .
You have giant rainfall shower heads , or adjustable , flexible shower hoses , or hand - held models which allow greater reach , or stainless steel types which swivel and provide water adjustments by turning a plastic restrictor plate .
But regardless of how much money the contractor spent on the fixture to soak you , all shower heads suffer from the same downfall .
LIME .
Lime is a natural element in water and thus , builds up naturally inside plumbing fixtures , water lines and faucets .
This lime does nothing other than to slowly reduce the amount of water pressure available for you to use .
So the questions is , " How to rid the fixture of lime build - up ?
And the answer is , go to the kitchen !
First however , you need to remove the shower head , and this simple operation is based on the type of shower head you have .
If you have the flexible plastic hose set - up , you simply unscrew the shower head from the hose .
If yours shower head if made of steel or other metal steel and threaded onto the supply line , you will need a wrench , or at least some Channel locks or large pliers to remove it .
No matter what type shower head you have , however , always place a rag around the fixture before grabbing with a wrench or pliers to avoid scratching the finish on the fixture .
With the rag in place , and pliers firmly around the shower head , exert steady pressure and turn the fixture counterclockwise to remove from the supply line .
Looking inside the shower head , it may appear to be fine , but take it to the kitchen and place in a 4 - quart stock pot .
Put 1 cup of vinegar , either white or yellow , to the pot and add enough water to cover the shower head .
Obviously , if your shower head is one of the giant rainfall shower heads you will need a much larger pot , and a lot more vinegar !
With the the shower head submerged in water and vinegar , put the pot on the stove and heat .
If your fixture is stainless steel or metal , you can turn the heat setting on your stove to high .
Should yours be plastic , just heat to medium high heat .
After some time , which will vary depending on the material of your shower head and the amount of lime present , you will begin to see small white particles floating in the water which is the result of the vinegar loosening the lime deposits inside the shower head .
When new deposits stop appearing , you are done ' cooking ' your shower head .
Carefully remove the shower head from the pot and run under cold water in the kitchen sink to cool .
When cool enough to handle , return to the bathroom and re-connect the shower head to the supply line , turning clockwise with the rag once again in place .
Finally , when tightened , turn the water on and check for leaks .
No leaks ?
Then turn the water all the way on and check for improvement .
You should be pleased and happy with the money you saved by not buying a new new shower head and instead using a quarter 's worth of vinegar .
Meet Robo - Croc :
Ten - foot crocodile gets four metal plates and 41 screws in his head after reconstructive surgery
A 10 - foot crocodile is recuperating in a Florida zoo after undergoing reconstructive surgery .
The ground breaking four - hour operation took place at Miami's Metrozoo facility yesterday .
The giant male predator , affectionately named Robo - Croc following the operation , had been close to death after having its head crushed by a car in the Florida Keys last year .
All patched up : Robo - Croc recuperates after the four metal plates and 41 screws are drilled into his head
Staff took four hours to put Robo - Croc 's head back together during the surgery
With its snout hanging limp , the distressed animal has not eaten for three months .
Fearing the worst vets at the zoo had almost given up hope of saving the crocodile before Douglas Mader , of the Marathon Veterinary Hospital , gave him a final chance - by reconstructing the reptile 's dry , textured face .
Robo - Croc'had two metal rods placed between its eyes extending down to the bridge of its nose , and another on each side .
Forty - one metal screws were drilled into its hide , keeping the skull and snout together .
Staff work on Robo - Croc
The metal rods holding Robo - Croc 's broken jaws together
' Robo - Croc is doing just fine , ' said Ron Magill , spokesman for Miami Metrozoo .
' We have a certain responsibility to our endangered , native species and it was either he die on the table today , or die a horrible , slow death .
' There has been reconstructive surgery undertaken on crocodiles before but not to this extent as far as we know .
' We did n't even know if he would survive the surgery so we are delighted that he is now recuperating .
But Robo - Croc is not out of the woods yet .
In the best - case scenario , Mader hopes he will be able to open his mouth and eat again .
' Now its a case of time , making sure the wounds do n't become infected and then eventually making sure he has a good meal , ' he said .
But if the crocodile does survive Magill said , it will be , the most remarkable thing he has seen in his 30 years at Metrozoo .
The Conservative government of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has introduced a crime and drugs package it had hoped to quickly push through Parliament , but with opposition , the Liberals stalling and the New Democratic Party ( NDP ) opposing , passage is starting to look much less certain .
Meanwhile , a leading Liberal MP has introduced a bill to decriminalize marijuana possession .
Libby Davies
The pair of government bills , C - 14 and C - 15 , would impose mandatory minimum sentences on some violent and gang crimes and on some drug crimes , respectively .
The latter would impose a mandatory minimum sentence of one year for someone possessing as little as one marijuana plant , if that plant were to be determined to be destined for distribution .
The Conservatives are hoping to capitalize on a spate of highly - publicized , prohibition - related crimes of gang violence in the Vancouver area to push their agenda , but it is starting to look like the Liberals and NDP wo n't go along despite earlier indications they would not fight the Conservative package .
But last Friday , NDP Vancouver East MP Libby Davies lambasted C - 15 during a lengthy parliamentary speech , and on Wednesday , Liberal Health Promotion critic Dr. Keith Martin , MP for Esquimalt - Juan de Fuca , BC , announced he would introduce a bill for the decriminalization of marijuana this week .
" The ' war on drugs ' approach , characterized by zero tolerance , has been a complete failure , " said Martin .
" It has not reduced the rate of violent crime or drug use , nor has it saved money or lives .
To realize meaningful change on our city streets , we must decriminalize the possession of small amounts of pot .
This will cause drug abuse to be addressed in the public health system , rather than through the courts .
It will sever the connection between organized crime and drug users .
This bill is bad news for criminal gangs because it would collapse the demand for drug product , " Martin argued .
" In the medical profession our first principle is ' do no harm , ' " Martin continued .
" We are actually doing terrible harm if we continue to address substance abuse uniquely as a criminal issue from the federal level .
The blinders have to come off ; we have to take a medical perspective if we are going to turn this thing around . "
That would be fine with MP Davies , who serves as the New Dems ' drug policy critic .
Citing statistics showing a large increase in the number of Canadians who reported having used illegal drugs in the past 15 years , Davies called prohibitionist policies " completely ineffective " and pointed to the US as a bad example .
" We only have to look south of the border , where the so - called war on drugs has unleashed billions and billions of dollars and where we see massive numbers of people incarcerated , to see what a failure it is . "
Citing successes with Canada 's four pillar approach -- prevention , treatment , law enforcement , harm reduction -- Davies said the Conservative bill would be " a radical departure " and that the Conservatives were playing the politics of fear .
There is no question that it is the core of the Conservative government 's agenda around crime .
It is about the political optics .
I have called it the politics of fear . "
Instead of responding with heavy - handed sentencing measures , why not go in a different direction , Davies asked .
" We dealt with the marijuana decriminalization bill [ when the Liberals were in power ] .
I know there are members in the House who were on the committee .
We heard there were 600,000 Canadians who had a record for possession of marijuana .
Why are we not at least beginning there and saying we will decriminalize and then legalize marijuana ?
We would begin at a place where there is strong public support .
We should change the regime we have . "
Davies also called out the Liberals to help defeat C - 15 .
" I am very interested to see what the Liberal caucus does with this bill , " she said .
" I hope that we can defeat it .
I hope we can say it is not the right way to go .
The NDP does not think the bill should go through .
It is not based on good public policy .
It is going to be harmful and expensive .
It is really time to embark on a common sense approach and accept the overwhelming evidence that the war on drugs has caused more death , pain , harm and crime than we can bear .
It is time to stop it . "
The mandatory minimum bills are now before the House of Commons Justice and Human Rights Committee .
No hearings or vote have yet been scheduled .
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - A proposal to give religion lessons the same status as ethics classes in Berlin schools was defeated in a referendum on Sunday , having sparked a debate across Germany on tolerance and the integration of Muslims .
Secular ethics has been a compulsory topic in Berlin since 2006 after the “ honor killing ” of a Turkish woman who was murdered by her brother because of her western lifestyle .
Religion , compulsory in most other German states , is only optional in the capital .
Advocates wanted to change the rules so that pupils could choose between ethics and religion -- with Muslims , Catholics and Protestants taught separately .
But only about 14.1 percent of total eligible voters in Berlin cast their ballots in favor of the ‘ Pro Reli ’ proposal , election officials said .
That fell far short of the 25 percent “ yes ” votes needed -- or a total of 611,422 -- among 2.45 million eligible voters .
Official data showed 51.5 percent opposed the proposal and 48.4 percent backed it .
Voter turnout was 29 percent .
The referendum aroused strong feelings in Berlin .
Ethics campaigners said faith - based religion lessons risked opening divisions and setting a predominantly Christian agenda .
“ This shows that those in ‘ Pro Reli ’ who were portraying this as a ‘ freedom ’ issue -- as if the Russians were about to invade -- are out of touch with the real situation in Berlin , ” said Mayor Klaus Wowereit , a fierce opponent of the measure .
Christoph Lehmann , who had led the ‘ Pro Reli ’ campaign that enlisted celebrities from around Germany as well as conservative Chancellor Angela Merkel , said he was disappointed with the vote but pleased with the referendum ’s impact .
“ It was a valuable discussion , ” he told ARD television .
“ For months Berlin , which many always thought of as an ‘ atheist ’ city , was discussing religion . ”
After World War
Two , authorities tried to use churches to strengthen values in a people shaken by the horrors of war and the Holocaust .
While Germany has roughly equal numbers of Catholics and Protestants , Berlin has a long secular tradition .
It is also home to Germany ’s biggest Muslim , mainly Turkish , community of about 220,000 people .
Slide 1 of 12 ,
Like a dozen or so other cities across the nation , Fresno and Sacramento are dealing with the arrival of modern - day Hoovervilles .
The illegal encampments of homeless people are reminiscent , on a far smaller scale , of Depression - era shanty towns .
A group of tents along the American River near downtown Sacramento .
Jim Wilson / The New York Times
Advice for the Young Scientist
John Baez
May 24 , 2019
For a version in Portuguese go here .
I have reached the stage where young mathematicians and physicists sometimes ask me for advice .
Here is my advice .
Most of it applies to grad students and postdocs in any branch of science who seek an academic career involving research .
The stuff on giving good talks will be helpful to almost all scientists , since most give pretty bad talks .
Near the end I have a section on a more specialized question that vexes many students who email me : should I go into math or physics ?
On Keeping Your Soul
The great challenge at the beginning of ones career in academia is to get tenure at a decent university .
Personally I got tenure before I started messing with quantum gravity , and this approach has some real advantages .
Before you have tenure , you have to please people .
After you have tenure , you can do whatever the hell you want — so long as it's legal , and you teach well , your department does n't put a lot of pressure on you to get grants .
( This is one reason I 'm happier in a math department than I would be in a physics department .
Mathematicians have more trouble getting grants , so there 's a bit less pressure to get them . )
The great thing about tenure is that it means your research can be driven by your actual interests instead of the ever - changing winds of fashion .
The problem is , by the time many people get tenure , they 've become such slaves of fashion that they no longer know what it means to follow their own interests .
They 've spent the best years of their life trying to keep up with the Joneses instead of developing their own personal style !
So , bear in mind that getting tenure is only half the battle : getting tenure while keeping your soul is the really hard part .
To do this , you have to make sure you never lose that raw naive curiosity that got you interested in science in the first place .
Do n't get too wrapped up seriousness .
The universe is a cool place ; exploring it is fun !
As Grothendieck put it :
In our acquisition of knowledge of the Universe ( whether mathematical or otherwise ) that which renovates the quest is nothing more nor less than complete innocence .
It is in this state of complete innocence that we receive everything from the moment of our birth .
Although so often the object of our contempt and of our private fears , it is always in us .
It alone can unite humility with boldness so as to allow us to penetrate to the heart of things , or allow things to enter us and taken possession of us .
This unique power is in no way a privilege given to " exceptional talents " — persons of incredible brain power ( for example ) , who are better able to manipulate , with dexterity and ease , an enormous mass of data , ideas and specialized skills .
Such gifts are undeniably valuable , and certainly worthy of envy from those who ( like myself ) were not so " endowed at birth , far beyond the ordinary " .
Yet it is not these gifts , nor the most determined ambition combined with irresistible will - power , that enables one to surmount the " invisible yet formidable boundaries " that encircle our universe .
Only innocence can surmount them , which mere knowledge does n't even take into account , in those moments when we find ourselves able to listen to things , totally and intensely absorbed in child 's play .
But while I 'm in pontification mode , let me add some more " practical " — some might even say cynical — words of advice as well .
To succeed , you must be both idealistic and practical .
Some Practical Tips
Go to the most prestigious school and work with the best possible advisor .
A good advisor will give you a hot topic to work on where you can get results that people will find interesting .
A good advisor will be so famous that merely being their student will cause people to be interested in you .
A good advisor will go to bat for you when it comes time for you to get a job .
A good advisor will be politically well - connected and lubricate your way straight to the holy groves of academe .
A good advisor will also work your butt off and scare the crap out of you by expecting you to know about millions of things — do n't let that put you off .
Publish .
Publish papers that get definitive results on fashionable subjects , so they 'll get cited .
Publish papers that open up promising new lines of investigation .
Publish papers that people can actually read — but do n't tell anyone else this trick , or everyone will start doing it , and then where will you be ?
Publish papers that show you have your own research program .
Publish papers that create a shock wave the moment they hit the archive !
But most importantly : publish .
Go to conferences .
There 's an infinite number of conferences , and you should go to them .
Give lots of talks , chat with lots of people , make connections , find out where the jobs are , find out what people are working on , find out what people will be working on .
Have fun and be friendly .
And most of all : give good talks !
On Giving Good Talks
People should leave your talks feeling happier and wiser than when they came in .
So often it 's the opposite .
Be an exception .
Your talks should be clear , concise , fun , exciting , and never ever run over time .
For each extra minute your talk runs over , 10 % more of the audience will decide you are a jerk and start fantasizing about you falling down a trap door .
Practice your talks !
Give them in front of a video camera and see how silly you look staring at the overhead projector , blocking the view for the audience with your own shadow , mumbling " omega squared phi times psi cubed d theta " like some mad scientist when you could actually be looking at the audience and telling them something cool .
Watch yourself struggling to turn on the laser pointer , tripping over the microphone wire , fumbling around , desperately struggling against Microsoft to get your Powerpoint presentation to work , engaging in all sorts of pointless antics that distract from the subject matter , wasting precious time , boring people to death .
And resolve to do better !
You are on stage : be entertaining !
Do n't show people equations they do n't really need to see — that 's what journal articles are for .
Convey your wisdom in memorable sentences .
Be eloquent .
Be formidable , yet fun .
And most of all , convince people that you are someone they would like to have around .
Yes , someone they would want to give tenure .
Rota 's Advice on Talks
I also urge you to ponder this advice taken from Gian - Carlo Rota 's Ten Lessons I Wish Had Been Taught .
I 've paraphrased it at some points .
Lecturing
The following four requirements of a good lecture do not seem to be altogether obvious , judging from the mathematics lectures I have been listening to for the past forty - six years .
Every lecture should make only one main point .
The German philosopher G. W. F.
Hegel wrote that any philosopher who uses the word " and " too often cannot be a good philosopher .
I think he was right , at least insofar as lecturing goes .
Every lecture should state one main point and repeat it over and over , like a theme with variations .
An audience is like a herd of cows , moving slowly in the direction they are being driven towards .
If we make one point , we have a good chance that the audience will take the right direction ; if we make several points , then the cows will scatter all over the field .
The audience will lose interest and everyone will go back to the thoughts they interrupted in order to come to our lecture .
Never run overtime .
Running overtime is the one unforgivable error a lecturer can make .
After fifty minutes ( one microcentury as von Neumann used to say ) everybody 's attention will turn elsewhere even if we are trying to prove the Riemann hypothesis .
One minute overtime can destroy the best of lectures .
Relate to your audience .
As you enter the lecture hall , try to spot someone in the audience with whose work you have some familiarity .
Quickly rearrange your presentation so as to manage to mention some of that person 's work .
In this way , you will guarantee that at least one person will follow with rapt attention , and you will make a friend to boot .
Everyone in the audience has come to listen to your lecture with the secret hope of hearing their work mentioned .
Give them something to take home .
It is not easy to follow this advice .
It is easier to state what features of a lecture the audience will always remember , and the answer is not pretty .
I often meet , in airports , in the street , and occasionally in embarrassing situations , MIT alumni who have taken one or more courses from me .
Most of the time they admit that they have forgotten the subject of the course and all the mathematics I thought I had taught them .
However , they will gladly recall some joke , some anecdote , some quirk , some side remark , or some mistake I made .
Blackboard Technique Two points .
Make sure the blackboard is spotless .
It is particularly important to erase those distracting whirls that are left when we run the eraser over the blackboard in a nonuniform fashion .
By starting with a spotless blackboard you will subtly convey the impression that the lecture they are about to hear is equally spotless .
Start writing on the top left - hand corner .
What we write on the blackboard should correspond to what we want an attentive listener to take down in his notebook .
It is preferable to write slowly and in a large handwriting , with no abbreviations .
Those members of the audience who are taking notes are doing us a favor , and it is up to us to help them with their copying .
When slides are used instead of the blackboard , the speaker should spend some time explaining each slide , preferably by adding sentences that are inessential , repetitive , or superfluous , so as to allow any member of the audience time to copy our slide .
We all fall prey to the illusion that a listener will find the time to read the copy of the slides we hand them after the lecture .
This is wishful thinking .
Geroch 's Advice on Talks
Robert Geroch 's advice is also valuable :
Robert Geroch , Suggestions for giving talks .
Math or Physics ?
This is for people who are torn between a research career in math and one in physics .
Nobody can stop you from learning and thinking about both math and physics — you should go on doing both !
The real issue is whether you want to work in a math department or a physics department .
It 's possible to switch from one discipline to another after grad school , but it 's not easy , since departments prefer to hire people with an appropriate degree .
So , it 's wise to decide which job suits you best before you apply for grad school — if not sooner .
To decide , you need to know how these two jobs differ .
For this , it 's best to talk to as many mathematicians and physicists as you can , and find out what their jobs are like .
Talk to your professors !
It 's also great to go to some conferences — there 's often money for students to attend conferences .
I can only summarize :
Mathematicians get promoted by publishing in math journals ; physicists by publishing in physics journals .
Read both kinds of journals and see which you can best imagine yourself publishing in .
Spend time in a good library and browse .
I spent my whole undergraduate career doing this !
There are some journals at the boundary of math and physics , like Advances in Theoretical and Mathematical Physics and Communications in Mathematical Physics .
Look at these .
But also look at a bunch of journals that are full - fledged physics , like Physical Review A , B , C , D , and E , and Physical Review Letters , or solidly mathematical , like Annals of Mathematics or the Transactions of the American Mathematical Society .
You 'll see these come from different worlds !
Mathematicians typically write in the definition / theorem / proof style , while physicists write shorter papers , and more of them , often packed with formulas , but usually leaving out all the details of calculations .
Physics is a faster , looser , more energetic discipline .
You are also evaluated more heavily on how much grant money you can pull in .
Here 's another way to put it : do you like things to be clearly stated in a rigorous way , or do you like to use your physical intuition to get to the answers ?
Where To Go For More Advice
Steven G. Krantz , A Mathematician 's Survival Guide : Graduate School and Early Career Development , American Mathematical Society , Providence , Rhode Island , 2003 .
Steven G. Krantz , How to Teach Mathematics , American Mathematical Society , Providence , Rhode Island , 1999 .
Cameron Sawyer , A Timeline for a Job Search in Mathematics , MathDL , 2001 .
© 2020 John Baez
baez@math.removethis.ucr.andthis.edu
Mark Silver commented on “ Do Epic Shit ” and addressed a critical point that needs more discussion .
I ’ll quote the bit of his comment that I think is most salient :
Keeping small , and not aiming to be “ epic ” can actually be incredibly , powerfully effective , one small step at a time . ”
In many ways , I could’t agree more .
The way I see the “ Do Epic Shit ” mantra is not a prescription for how to do things , but instead a prescription for what to do .
The distinction that I ’d like to draw out is “ doing small things ” vs. “ doing big things in small steps . ”
“ Epic ” is Contextual
Doing epic things requires us to do two things : 1 ) take the long view , and 2 ) know where we ’re starting from .
Following the thread of Mark ’s comment , Dr. King clearly had both things in mind .
In his time , racial animosity made it such that a meal shared between the two races was huge .
At the same time , Dr. King was realistic enough to know that such a change would take time ; he had the long view .
Similarly , what seems to be the small feat of changing socio- economic classes is epic for some people .
To arrive in this country with nothing and be able to build a future for your children such that they can have a life you could n’t is a feat because of a ) where you ’re starting from and b ) how long it can take to attain that future .
That said , it ’s hard to say what ’s audacious and epic in general terms .
But it ’s the ideal that we ’re seeking – the ideal to push the limits of ourselves and actualize our potential .
It ’s recreating ourselves each new day with the long view in mind and understanding that we are each writing a chapter in the story of humanity .
The Journey of A Thousand Miles …
Every great thing that anybody or any society has done has started with one small step .
Every building started with a shovel breaking the earth , every painting started with a stroke , every book began with one word that began with one letter .
The difference between the great things and the small things is not in how they were done , but why they were done and how tenacious the people doing the creating were .
Some people never dared to dream and took small steps ; others were daunted by the journey and stopped partway ; a rare few looked to the horizon , smiled , and resolved to take the small steps along the long , weary path .
Let ’s not forget that epic shit is about people as much as it is about things .
The conversation hitherto has been focused on great “ things , ” and some of that is a misfortune of the English language .
Inspiring people to do epic things is epic itself ; being a positive social change agent is epic ; building a strong community is epic .
So the call to “ Do Epic Shit ” is merely a call to look to the horizons and dream , but we ca n’t focus merely on the bigness of the dream or be content to dream .
It ’s the call to see the world different than the way it is and to accept that it ’s within our power to change it .
I ’ll end with one of my favorite quotes by Oliver Wendell Holmes :
I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand , as in what direction we are moving … we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it , but we must sail , and not drift , nor lie the anchor .
Your two small steps : 1 ) look to the horizon , and 2 ) put up your sails .
( Thanks to Andre for the title of this post . )
A large majority of Korean legislators has voted in favour of a special bill that mandates an investigation .
"
The full truth will be uncovered whether a special counsel is appointed or not , " Korean president Roh Moo-hyun said on Saturday , according to reports in Chosunilbo " They can investigate [ Samsung 's ] slush funds .
I did not receive a cash gift from Samsung to congratulate me on my election .
" However , government sources hinted to local reporters that Roh Moo -hyun could still block the investigation on the ground that prosecutors are already working on the case .
The bill also calls for an investigation into allegations by opposition politicians that effective control of Samsung could have been transferred illegally from group chairman Lee Kun - hee to his son .
Samsung 's former chief counsel claimed that he is able to name 40 high ranking judicial officials , politicians and bureaucrats whom he alleges have received bribes from the company .
Last week , a presidential aide claimed that a Samsung executive had tried to give him a $ 5,000 gift in 2004 .
He described it as a " brazen attempt to bribe a presidential aide in charge of fighting corruption " .
Up to 40 officials will spend three months on the investigation , if it is approved , led by an independent counsel .
The investigation is expected to begin in January , according to the Korea Herald .
"
If an independent counsel is brought in at the current juncture it would hurt the companies and state agencies in a way that would make it hard for them to regain the public 's confidence , " justice minister Chung Soung - jin warned legislators .
"
There could be serious damage done to the national economy and the country 's international credit rating . "
What better way to ease relations with Cuba than iPhones , Twitter , and satellite TV ?
A new plan by President Obama would do just that .
What better way to ease relations with Cuba than iPhones , Twitter , and satellite TV ?
President Obama on Monday unveiled a plan that will allow U.S. residents to send cell phones , computers , satellite receivers , and more to friends and family in Cuba , and also allow U.S. telecom companies to do business in the country .
Obama has " directed that steps be taken to enable the freer flow of information among the Cuban people and between those in Cuba and the rest of the world , as well as to facilitate the delivery of humanitarian items directly to the Cuban people , " White House press secretary Robert Gibbs said Monday .
U.S. citizens will be able to send or receive " donated personal communications devices " like cell phones , computers , software , and satellite receivers .
The move expands on an announcement made by former President George Bush in May 2008 that allowed U.S. citizens to send cell phones only .
In addition , U.S. telecom companies will be able to enter into agreements to provide fiber - optic cable or satellite links between the U.S. and Cuba .
Wireless providers will also be allowed to set up roaming service agreements with Cuban service providers , while U.S. satellite radio and TV providers would also be allowed to offer their services .
Meanwhile , Cubans would be able to obtain licenses  subject to U.S. jurisdiction  to activate and pay for telecom , satellite radio and TV services provided by U.S. carriers .
Senior Communist Party and Cuban government officials would not be allowed to participate .
Infowars
March 23 , 2009
Last week on the Alex Jones Show , former presidential candidate and Baptist minister Chuck Baldwin said he would co-author with former presidential candidate and House member Ron Paul and former federal prosecutor , former member of the United States House of Representatives and presidential candidate Bob Barr a letter ( see PDF ) to the Governor of Missouri , Jeremiah Nixon , protesting the Missouri Information Analysis Center ’s document designating Baldwin and his co-authors as terrorists .
Baldwin , Paul , and Barr “ respectfully demand ” the document in question “ be immediately removed from any and all websites associated with or maintained by the state of Missouri or any agency thereof , including the MIAC . ”
In addition , they demand “ said document no longer be circulated by the state of Missouri ” and the state repudiate its references to Baldwin , Paul , and Barr .
The letter insists action be taken within three days of receipt .
On March 20 , Prison Planet reported Missouri Governor Jay Nixon ’s defense of the MIAC report .
“ Getting information , especially public information , out of our fusion center out to local law enforcement agencies is we do every day and we ’re going to continue to do , ” said Nixon .
“ Any way they take that information and can analyze what the threat levels are is important to make sure the public stays safe . ” ConnectMidMissouri reported .
In other words , Nixon will continue to permit MIAC to designate Baldwin , Paul , and Barr as terrorists .
In regard to the content of the MIAC report , see our Police Trained Nationwide That Informed Americans Are Domestic Terrorists , posted on the Infowars and Prison Planet websites on March 13 .
After Alex Jones received the MIAC document and it was posted on his websites , the news story went viral and was covered by the Associated Press and other corporate media outlets ( Alex Jones , Infowars , and Prison Planet did not receive attribution for breaking the story , however . )
Read the letter : Page One , Page Two , Page Three .
Chuck Baldwin discusses the MIAC report on the Alex Jones Show , March 19 , 2009 .
Part 2 .
[ efoods ]
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Rupert Murdoch , the owner of News Corp. and The Wall Street Journal , says Google and Yahoo are giant copyright scofflaws that steal the news .
" The question is , should we be allowing Google to steal all our copyright ... not steal , but take , " Murdoch says .
" Not just them , but Yahoo . "
But whether search - engine news aggregation is theft or a protected fair use under copyright law is unclear , even as Google and Yahoo profit tremendously from linking to news .
So maybe Murdoch is right .
Murdoch made his comments late Thursday during an address at the Cable Show , an industry event held in Washington .
He seemingly was blaming the web , and search engines , for the news media 's ills .
" People reading news for free on the web , that 's got to change , " he said .
Real estate magnate Sam Zell made similar comments in 2007 when he took over the Tribune Company and ran it into bankruptcy .
We suspect Zell and Murdoch are just blowing smoke .
If they were not , perhaps they could demand Google and Yahoo remove their news content .
The search engines would kindly oblige .
Better yet , if Murdoch and Zell are so set on monetizing their web content , they should sue the search engines and claim copyright violations in a bid to get the engines to pay for the content .
The outcome of such a lawsuit is far from clear .
It 's unsettled whether search engines have a valid fair use claim under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
The news headlines are copied verbatim , as are some of the snippets that go along .
Fred von Lohmann of the Electronic Frontier Foundation points out that " There 's not a rock - solid ruling on the question . "
Should the search engines pay up for the content ?
Tell us what you think .
See Also :
Quick Facts Essential Facts Interesting Facts
The human body is made up almost entirely of protein .
It is next to water as the most abundant component of our mass .
Protein is the main component of muscles , bones , organs , skin , and nails .
Proteins serve different functions in the body .
Proteins are made of 20 amino acids Protein , fat , and carbohydrates are the three macronutrients .
It came from the Greek word proteios , which means “ primary ” or “ holding the first place . ”
Our bodies can produce 13 proteins , but the remaining 9 can only be sourced from food intake .
Polypeptides refer to long amino acid chains .
Protein folding is a process that determines a protein ’s purpose .
Their average lifespan is 1 – 2 days in mammalian cells , but they can either last for minutes or years .
Protein is found in all cells of our body .
Fat is nine calories per gram , while protein and carbohydrates provide four calories per gram .
100,000 different types of protein are found in the human body .
Eggs contain the highest relative protein amount for food .
Protein deficiency can lead to health issues such as kwashiorkor , immunodeficiencies , edema , thinning nails and hair , muscle and joint pain , and weakness .
Enzymes are proteins that trigger chemical reactions in the body .
Antibodies are proteins responsible for our immune system .
Extracellular and membrane proteins send and receive signals in the body .
Structural proteins give stiffness and rigidity to otherwise fluid elements in the body .
Insects have the best fat to protein ratio .
Table of Contents 01
Your hair and nails are made of protein .
02 The bigger the bean , the more protein it has .
03 Beef used to be the most globally - consumed meat .
04 Your blood is red because of protein .
05 Protein lets you see .
06 Human meat is rich in protein .
07 A typical human male ejaculation contains 150 mg of protein .
08 Proteins often cause allergies .
09 Most microorganisms and plants are capable of synthesizing all 20 standard amino acids .
10 Low - sodium parmesan cheese is the richest in protein .
11 Tuna has the highest protein content for fish .
12 Seeds are a protein - rich snack .
13 Protein keeps your body from swelling up .
14 Once protein is digested , it is broken down into its amino acids .
15 Eating excessive protein can damage your organs .
16 Protein can be fatal .
17 Sonic the Hedgehog is a protein .
18 Pikachu is also a protein .
19 Turkey breast is the leanest part of the animal .
20 Middle - aged people need to consume more protein .
21 Collagen is the most abundant protein in your body .
22 Protein keeps chicken eggs sturdy .
23 India eats the least amount of meat in the world .
24 They ’re social butterflies .
25 There ’s a giant protein… 26 … and its chemical name has 189,819 letters !
27
The smallest protein in the human body is the thyroid releasing hormone ( TRH ) .
28 Protein bars are n’t a meal substitute .
29 Myosins are motor proteins in charge of muscle contraction .
30 Hormones are proteins .
Protein is the holy grail of fitness buffs and dieters alike .
But what ’s all the fuss ?
These protein facts will show you just what it is about this miracle of a molecule .
Your hair and nails are made of protein .
Keratin is a fibrous structural protein that makes up hair , nails , and the outer layer of our skin .
In animals , it forms feathers , horns , claws , and hooves .
It also protects epithelial cells from damage .
The bigger the bean , the more protein it has .
The longer , bigger , and older a legume grows , the more protein it has .
Fully - grown roasted soybeans are the legumes most abundant protein , with 39.6 grams of protein for every 100 grams serving .
Read also : More Amazing Biology Facts
Beef used to be the most globally - consumed meat .
Now , that title belongs to pork .
Your blood is red because of protein .
Hemoglobin is a protein in red cells that carries oxygen from the lungs to the body ’s cells and disposes of harmful waste products like carbon dioxide .
Protein lets you see .
Rhodopsin is a protein in our eyes helps us see light .
Human meat is rich in protein .
However , cannibalism was not really practiced because of diet or starvation .
Historical instances of human meat consumption were symbolic or religious gestures .
A typical human male ejaculation contains 150 mg of protein .
The sperm also contains a protein that encourages women to ovulate .
Proteins often cause allergies .
Certain foods often cause allergies because the structure of their protein contents triggers immune responses .
For example , many people are allergic to gluten , a protein found in wheat and grains .
Most microorganisms and plants are capable of synthesizing all 20 standard amino acids .
However , animals and humans can only get 9 of these essential amino acids through food .
Low - sodium parmesan cheese is the richest in protein .
Dairy products such as milk , yogurt , and cheese are all sources of protein , but this particular cheese has the richest protein content .
Low - sodium parmesan cheese contains 41.6 grams per 100 grams serving .
Tuna has the highest protein content for fish .
Bluefin and yellowfin tuna are especially rich in protein .
Bluefin offers 29.91 grams of protein per 100 grams of dry- cooked fish , and yellowfin provides 29.15 grams .
A few other contenders are the following : anchovies ( 29 gr ) , salmon ( 27 g ) , halibut ( 27 g ) and tilapia ( 26 grams ) .
Seeds are a protein - rich snack .
Pumpkin seeds provide 33 grams of protein per 100 grams , while watermelon seeds provide around 28 grams per 100 grams .
Protein keeps your body from swelling up .
The protein albumin keeps the entire human body from being swollen from liquids .
In third world countries , protein diet and lack of food are common problems that cause the swelling of the abdomen from the lack of albumin and osmotic imbalance of body fluids .
Once protein is digested , it is broken down into its amino acids .
These amino acids are then reused to make the proteins your body needs to maintain muscles , bones , blood , and body organs .
Eating excessive protein can damage your organs .
Eating excessive protein than required will put stress on the kidneys and liver because these organs will work harder to break down the extra protein .
Not only this , but the broken down protein will then be stored as body fat and result in weight gain .
Protein can be fatal .
There has been one recorded death from protein consumption : A 20 - year - old hockey athlete died from ammonia poisoning due to a high - protein diet .
Ammonia poisoning is n’t really an effect of too much protein , but in this case , the athlete had a rare genetic condition that prevents his body from metabolizing and synthesizing protein properly .
The protein turned into ammonia in his system and ended up poisoning him .
Sonic the Hedgehog is a protein .
Gotta go fast !
Sonic hedgehog is a secreted protein crucial to the development of animals and humans .
It is responsible for the growth of digits and brain organization .
Pikachu is also a protein .
Pikachurin is a retinal protein named after the lightning Pokemon , Pikachu for its nimbleness .
Good pikachurin bonds are crucial to good eyesight .
Misaligned or misshapen bonds cause eye ailments .
Turkey breast is the leanest part of the animal .
An 85 gram serving of roasted , skinless turkey breast contains 24 grams of protein and 115 calories .
It is also rich in niacin , vitamin B6 , selenium , phosphorus , and zinc .
Middle - aged people need to consume more protein .
Because protein is essential for cell regeneration , many researchers argue that protein is the main reason for aging .
Collagen is the most abundant protein in your body .
This is the main structural component of ligaments , bones , skin , and muscles .
Protein keeps chicken eggs sturdy .
A special form of keratin keeps eggshells firm .
Without this protein , the shell will be too brittle .
India eats the least amount of meat in the world .
With just 7 pounds of meat yearly per person , the people of India are quite peckish with meat .
On the other hand , Australians consume the most meat annually at 205 pounds per person .
They ’re social butterflies .
Proteins interact with other types of molecules , including other proteins , lipids , carboyhydrates , and DNA .
You could say that they ’re the life of the party .
There ’s a giant protein …
Titin is the biggest discovered protein .
It is also known as connectin and is responsible for muscle contraction .
… and its chemical name has 189,819 letters !
Overall , it takes about 3.5 hours to pronounce .
Good luck with that .
The smallest protein in the human body is the thyroid releasing hormone ( TRH ) .
The thyroid releasing hormone has only 234 amino acids .
Meanwhile , the smallest polypeptide in the human body is insulin at 54 amino acids .
Protein bars are n’t a meal substitute .
Good protein bars should ideally have 8 to 10 grams of protein , about 3 grams of fiber , and balanced sugar amounts .
However , man ca n’t live on protein bar or protein shake alone .
You ’d need the other macronutrients to keep yourself healthy .
Myosins are motor proteins in charge of muscle contraction .
These proteins transmit signals to the rest of your body and result in motion .
On the heavily wooded grounds of a Texas power plant , archaeologists have found the spot where Mexican troops under the command of Col. Juan Almonte surrendered to Sam Houston ’s force of Texas irregulars along the San Jacinto River , ending Texas ’ war of secession .
The 1836 surrender “ resulted in the loss of all Mexican territory west to California , ” said archaeologist Roger Moore of Moore Archaeological Consulting in Houston , who led the team that found the site .
“ The whole continental expansion of the U.S. to the West Coast hinged on this battle , ” he said .
The discovery was announced Thursday .
In the early 1800s , Texas was a Mexican territory , but many Americans had moved into it and they grew tired of the oppressive Mexican rule , eventually fomenting rebellion .
Advertisement
The Battle of San Jacinto occurred six weeks after the battle of the Alamo , in which Mexican forces led by Gen. Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna besieged the fortress and eventually killed all 350 secessionists inside , including Davy Crockett and James Bowie .
Santa
Anna then went after Houston ’s troops with an overwhelming force , but , confident in his chances , he made the fatal mistake of splitting his troops .
The force led by Almonte that encountered Houston was only 1,100 to 1,200 men strong , about the same size as Houston ’s group .
But the Texans had been enraged by the slaughter at the Alamo .
Houston , moreover , was able to take advantage of deep swales in the landscape to march his soldiers close to Almonte ’s force and , in effect , ambush them .
In a battle that lasted only 18 minutes , Houston ’s forces routed the Mexicans , who threw down their guns and ran .
Almonte was able to slow them down in another gully and organize them into a cohesive mass that surrendered without further casualties .
“ It probably saved their lives , ” Moore said , because the enraged Texans would probably have slaughtered the Mexicans if they had been running away individually .
Santa Anna was later captured nearby and was persuaded to order all his troops out of Texas .
Advertisement
Most of the locations of the battle are well known , but not the site of the surrender , which had been mismarked by veterans of the battle in 1890 .
Some historians suspected that the actual location was in the middle of a 50 - acre triangular plot of land on the grounds of a natural gas plant owned by NRG Energy Inc .
The problem was that the site was so overgrown with imported Chinese tallow trees and local shrubs that it was virtually impassable -- a fact that probably protected the artifacts from treasure hunters , Moore said .
With permission from NRG and $ 50,000 in grants , Moore was hired to check out the area .
The conventional way to look for battlefield artifacts is with metal detectors , but the brush prevented this .
So the team went in with a device called a Woodgator , which has a huge drum on the front that spins and grinds up trees and shrubs , reducing them to mulch .
Advertisement
After making several passes across the site , the team found two deposits of musket balls and other items .
The team eventually uncovered an area about 130 yards by 20 yards that was littered with piles of 10 to 20 unfired musket balls , uniform buttons and other metal artifacts -- a total of several hundred in the small space .
Many of the musket balls were in piles indicating that they were still inside soldiers ’ pouches when thrown down , a sign of surrender .
“ The balls are the equivalent of lithic flakes and potsherds , and are the ubiquitous material in a battle site of this period , linking together rarer artifacts , ” Moore said .
“ They show where people were standing , kneeling -- or lying dead . ”
All of the artifacts have been taken to Texas A&M ; University for cleaning and preservation and will be given to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department for display .
Advertisement
Moore and others will present the new findings Saturday at the annual Battle of San Jacinto Symposium at the University of Houston .
--
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
Showcase Of Beautiful Shadow Photography
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Shadows can add a lot to a photograph .
They can emphasize emotions , create surreal images , and be used in a variety of ways .
While strong use of shadows in color photographs tends to be mostly used in silhouettes , it can also appear in a variety of other forms in color photos as well .
In my opinion though , shadows are most powerful when used in black and white photographs .
can add a lot to a photograph .
They can emphasize emotions , create surreal images , and be used in a variety of ways .
While strong use of shadows in color photographs tends to be mostly used in silhouettes , it can also appear in a variety of other forms in color photos as well .
In my opinion though , shadows are most powerful when used in black and white photographs .
Below we present a showcase of truly outstanding photos that make strong use of shadows in a variety of ways .
All images are linked to the sources where they were found .
Please feel free to explore further works of photographers showcased in this post .
Shadows can add a lot to a photograph .
They can emphasize emotions , create surreal images , and be used in a variety of ways .
While strong use of shadows in color photographs tends to be mostly used in silhouettes , it can also appear in a variety of other forms in color photos as well .
In my opinion though , shadows are most powerful when used in black and white photographs .
Below we present a showcase of truly outstanding photos that make strong use of shadows in a variety of ways .
All images are linked to the sources where they were found .
Please feel free to explore further works of photographers showcased in this post .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
45 Beautiful Examples Of Shadow Photography
Ricky Montalbano
Just a neat , artistic picture of a skateboarder and his shadow .
deadstar
Philippe Sainte - Laudy
Newbaro
Vic Nicholas
John Sloan
Vilhjálmur Ingi Vilhjálmsson
Nuuttipukki
teddymb
Thomas Mues
Bill Hinton
TJ Scott
Valerie ( pearceval )
Gazza or Garry
Darvin Atkeson
F. A. Ecker
William Hundley
madolina
Kap ’n’ Kaos ( Mike )
Jason Swain
Lara Fairie
A stunning silhouette of a beautiful young lady .
The light and shadows here create and excellent beauty shot .
Paul Bredow
Rosie Hardy
A very creative use of shadows to help portray a powerful feeling and emotion in this picture .
Massi Miliano
A combination of deep shadows , dark colors , creativity , and perfect time make for a very interesting and surreal photo .
David Herreman
“ View from the top of ‘ Levant Terril ’ at Mons in Belgium .
A ‘ terril ’ is a hill made from mining waste .
There are still a lot of them in the old mining regions like Mons , now being appreciated as green areas .
I ’ve used a ND1000 filter in order to have an ‘ evening effect ’ even if the sun was high in the sky .
This is NOT a tone - mapped HDR but a digital blending of 3 exposures .
The main exposure was of 30 sec . ”
Alonso Díaz
Leley Noronha
Fred Eerdekens
Katarina Stefanovic
Kevin McNeal
Josh Exell
ms4jah
Michael McAreavy
Watari Goro Original picture – no Photoshop or image manipulation is used .
duesentrieb
ViaMoi
Ciscophotography
Sarah France
Gloredel Create use of shadows to create some abstract tears .
Last Click
Joshua Liberman
President Barack Obama today refrained from branding the massacre of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians in Turkey a “ genocide , ” breaking a campaign promise while contending his views about the 20th century slaughter had not changed .
The phrasing of Obama ’s written statement attracted heightened scrutiny because of the sensitivity of the issue and because the two countries are nearing a historic reconciliation after years of tension .
The Obama administration is wary of disturbing that settlement .
Marking the grim anniversary of the start of the killings , the president referred to them as “ one of the great atrocities of the 20th century . ”
“ I have consistently stated my own view of what occurred in 1915 , and my view of that history has not changed , ” Obama said .
“ My interest remains the achievement of a full , frank and just acknowledgment of the facts . ”
“ The best way to advance that goal right now , ” Obama said , “ is for the Armenian and Turkish people to address the facts of the past as a part of their efforts to move forward . ”
For Obama , referring to the killings as genocide could have upended recent pledges of a closer partnership with Turkey , a vital ally in a critical region .
Steering around the word , however , put him at odds with his own pledges to recognize the slaughter as genocide .
Obama said the Armenians who were massacred in the final days of the Ottoman Empire “ must live on in our memories . ”
He said unresolved history can be a heavy weight .
“ Reckoning with the past holds out the powerful promise of reconciliation , ” he said .
“ I strongly support efforts by the Turkish and Armenian people to work through this painful history in a way that is honest , open , and constructive , ” he said .
The administration closely coordinated its statement about the apparent breakthrough with the Turkish government and Swiss mediators .
Turkey and Armenia announced on Wednesday they were closing in on some kind of reconciliation .
The dispute involves what scholars widely view the event as the first genocide of the 20th century .
Turkey denies that the deaths constituted genocide , contending the toll has been inflated and that the casualties were victims of civil war and unrest .
During a trip to Turkey this month , Obama emphasized U.S. support for the reconciliation efforts and avoided the term genocide in a speech to the Turkish parliament .
Turkey and Armenia agreed Wednesday on a road map for normalizing relations and reaching reconciliation .
But it was not immediately clear how they would tackle the bitter dispute over the Ottoman - era killings of ethnic Armenians .
On Thursday , Vice President Joe Biden spoke by telephone with Armenian President Serge Sarkisian and welcomed that announcement .
Turkey and Armenia have no diplomatic ties , and their border has been closed since 1993 because of a Turkish protest of Armenia ’s occupation of land claimed by Azerbaijan .
In September , Turkish President Abdullah Gul became the first Turkish leader to visit Armenia , where he and Sarkisian watched their countries ’ soccer teams play a World Cup qualifying match .
The Armenian government appears to be interested in further talks .
Armenian - American groups and supporters in Congress are focused on passing a resolution that describes the killings as genocide and argue that it should not undermine diplomatic efforts .
Gul said Friday in Ankara that he expected Obama to deliver a statement that would reinforce the reconciliation talks .
“ I believe that ( Obama ’s statement ) should be one that is supportive of our good intentioned efforts , ” Gul told reporters .
Tags
Bank bailouts , homeowner bailouts , auto - industry bailouts , and now massive stimulus packages ; the federal government spending list goes on and on .
Goldman Sachs projects the federal deficit for this fiscal year to be as high as $ 2.5 trillion .
That 's 5.5 times the fiscal 2007 federal deficit and 1.5 times gross US savings .
A $ 2.5 trillion deficit will create quite a waterfall on this graph , do n't you think :
Figure 1
And according to our president , there is more " water " to come .
Starting with his first address to a joint session of Congress , as recapped by Hans Nichols and Juliana Goldman in a February 25 Bloomberg article , we learn :
Obama Casts Crisis as Chance to Overhaul Banking , Health Care President Barack Obama framed the U.S. economic crisis as an opportunity to solve some of the nation 's most intractable issues …
" The cost of action will be great , " he said .
" I can assure you that the cost of inaction will be far greater . " …
Obama … called for sweeping initiatives on energy , health care and education , saying they are " absolutely critical to our economic future . " …
" History reminds us that , at every moment of economic upheaval and transformation , this nation has responded with bold action and big ideas , " he said .
Not limiting these " bold ideas " to merely energy , health care , and education — and to win universal support —
Obama concluded by promising money for everyone :
I will not spend a single penny for the purpose of rewarding a single Wall Street executive , but I will do whatever it takes to help the small business that can't pay its workers or the family that has saved and still can't get a mortgage …
That 's what this is about .
It 's not about helping banks — it 's about helping people .
Then , on February 26 , we see this headline on the MarketWatch website : " Obama unveils far - reaching $ 3.6 trillion 2010 budget … while predicting big deficits . "
Such is the mindset of this president , this government , and , it seems , the majority of the voting public .
Never let a good crisis prevent you from expanding the role of government .
This is shaping up as the biggest expansion in government since the days of FDR and LBJ .
What impact will this spending extravaganza have on US Treasury interest rates ?
So far , it seems to have had little impact .
Figure 2
The impact on US Treasury rates in the future ?
In the final analysis , it will depend on how this spending extravaganza is funded .
Funding can come from only three places :
Higher government taxes
More government borrowing More , freshly printed Federal Reserve notes , if that borrowing is monetized by the Federal Reserve
First up , taxes .
The recently passed stimulus packages have no new taxes .
To the contrary , they will be providing " middle class " tax rebates .
And while Obama 's 2010 budget proposal includes new taxes on the " rich , " its revenue potential , though estimated at $ 640 billion by the administration , is likely to be far less .
Why is that ?
Higher tax rates discourage entrepreneurs from starting new business ventures and expanding existing ones .
They discourage the marginal worker from taking overtime , or a spouse from seeking employment to help with the family budget .
Combined with unemployment insurance , they may even discourage an unemployed worker from seeking new employment .
And , most importantly , higher tax rates discourage people from saving and investing , especially when such taxes target the rich .
They deprive the economy of the funds necessary to grow production , income , and employment .
Without these people , at the margin , there is no new tax revenue .
Besides , when is the last time the government met a revenue projection ?
Suffice it to say , the funding for these new spending programs will largely NOT be coming from taxes .
Enter option two , more government borrowing .
This will place the government 's funding burden directly on the credit market and put upward pressure on US Treasury rates .
How much pressure ?
Let 's start by sizing the funding take relative to US savings .
Fourth - quarter federal debt was $ 10,700 billion — nearly 7 times US gross savings .
From a historical perspective , this is already a big take .
Debt Ratio
to
Gross
Saving 1960s 318 2.1x 1970s 560 1.7x 1980s 1756 2.4x 1990s 4671 3.9x 2000s 7456 4.3x 4Q08 10700 6.9x
Adding another $ 2.5 trillion to the debt , at the same savings rate , yields a debt to saving ratio of 8.5 , more than double the level of the last 20 years .
Yes , a very big take .
But there 's more .
It just so happens that those pay - as - you - go government trust funds , the ones with some $ 50 trillion in unfunded liabilities , have been a big help in funding the government 's borrowing needs for years .
Why is that important ?
Because it means the government did not have to tap the credit markets , the public , for the full amount of its funding needs .
In the fourth quarter of 2008 , government trusts held 40 % of the federal debt , 1.4 times 1990 levels and about double the levels seen in the 1960s , 70s and 80s .
Gross
Debt Trust
Funds % Public
Held
Debt % 1960s 318 63 20 % 255 80 % 1970s 560 136 24 % 425 76 % 1980s 1756 344 20 % 1412 80 % 1990s 4671 1304 28 % 3367 72 % 2000s 7456 3150 42 % 4306 58 % 4Q08 10700 4330 40 % 6369 60 %
Unfortunately , that help is waning , because the aging baby boomers , now entering retirement , are about to turn this positive dynamic into a very large negative for the federal government and its borrowing costs .
Pressed by declining " contributors " relative to growing beneficiaries , the trust funds ' contributions to the federal government 's funding needs could very well have peaked at 44 % of gross federal debt in the second quarter of 2008 .
Demographics suggest it 's likely .
That means the public credit markets will increasingly be the source of funding for the federal government .
Public held debt front and center .
Let us first look at some trends :
Public
Held
Debt Ratio
to
Gross
Saving Ratio
to
Net
Saving * 1960s 255 1.7 x 3.3 x 1970s 425 1.3 x 2.4x 1980s 1412 1.9x 3.7 x 1990s 3367 2.8x 7.0 x 2000s 4306 2.5 x 9.3x 4Q08 6369 4.1x 23.2x
Can we say parabolic ?
With public held debt already at a spiking 4.1 times gross US savings and an even more eye - popping 23 times net private , state and local savings , one should expect even more upward pressure on US Treasury interest rates as our spend - happy government is forced to expand its take of the public credit market .
These are pretty big spikes , you say .
Forget going forward .
Why are US Treasury rates still plumbing historic lows ?
Give a big thanks to foreign investors and central banks .
They do so love US Treasuries .
Here 's the historical record of foreign holdings of Federal Debt :
Foreign
Held
Debt % Gross
Debt % Public
Held
Debt 1960s 12 4 % 5 % 1970s 70 12 % 16 % 1980s 231 13 % 16 % 1990s 830 18 % 25 % 2000s 1722 23 % 40 % 4Q08 3244 30 % 51 %
That 's right , over 50 % of the public held federal debt is owned by foreign investors and central banks , twice as much as in the 1990s and ten times as much as in the 1960s .
In fact , in this decade , foreigners have absorbed nearly 80 % of the government 's public debt offerings .
Clearly , without China , in fact all of Asia , the BRICs , and the Middle East too , US Treasury rates would not be at historic lows .
Which leads back to an examination of US savings .
If foreign buyers have taken 80 % of the government 's borrowing needs this decade , then , by definition , US buyers have taken just 20 % .
Consider this : if foreign buyers back away , could US buyers fill the void ?
Does the US buyer have the savings ?
Sad to say , and well - documented by numerous analysts , the US savings rate has been going down , for years .
The buy - now - pay - later mentality has put the US in debt up to it ears .
And the prospects going forward are not so encouraging .
Witness
a US consumer facing the prospect of rising job layoffs and higher cost of living ; falling business profits and retained earnings , reflecting the weakening economy ; mounting state and local deficits , reflecting falling income and property tax revenue ; a Federal Reserve discouraging savings by stubbornly holding interest rates near zero ; and now , a Federal Government hell - bent on making things worse by raising tax rates on income and capital .
In other words , do n't expect a lot from the US investor , certainly not at these low interest rates .
Now consider this : what if foreign buyers back away , at least with respect to new purchases ?
Yes , I know , you have heard this before .
No one is going anywhere .
The foreign buyer is here to stay .
Consider these observations by Naufal Sanaullah in his recent essay , The Future of Gold :
Foreign nations do n't have the means or will to continue financing our debt .
Commodity prices have collapsed , cutting deeply into foreigners ' export revenues .
Oil is down from highs around $ 150 / barrel this past summer to around $ 40 / barrel now .
And with respect to the all important Chinese , Sanaullah has this to say :
In November , China announced a $ 585 billion economic stimulus package to be fully invested by the end of 2010 .
The Chinese government agreed to provide only $ 170 billion of the funds .
How will China raise the other $ 415 billion for continuous use until the end of 2010 ?
Surely , local governments and private banks and businesses can't finance such a large package in the midst of a historic recession .
The only reserve China can tap into to finance its stimulus package is its $ 1.9 trillion foreign exchange reserves , $ 585 billion of which is in US Treasury securities .
Financing its stimulus package would require selling Treasury securities
As Sanaullah points out , given " the political and even militaristic consequences , " China may not sell its holdings , but " what seems certain … is that China can no longer purchase more American debt to finance the US Treasury . "
China , of course , is not the only foreign buyer at risk .
Sanaullah sums up the state of the US Treasury 's largest remaining foreign creditors :
Japan is facing enormous headwinds as its quality - focused exports are suffering massive demand destruction as its consumers abroad lose wealth at epic proportions ….
The British demand for American debt represented Middle Eastern oil - financed investment , but with oil prices collapsing , it will be next to impossible for this proxy demand from the UK to rise and finance additional debt .
The demand for US debt by Caribbean banking centers is because of their tax laws but as the credit crunch leads to liquidity destruction in Caribbean banks , these banking centers will no longer be able to buy additional debt .
OPEC nations ' US debt demand , similar to the UK's , is tied to Middle Eastern oil revenues financing American consumption ( of their oil exports ) .
As oil prices tank , so will OPEC nations ' economies and they too will have no wealth to buy up more American debt .
Sanaullah may be right .
I would add that it is not just about " foreign nations not having the means or will to continue financing our debt , " but also about debt - laden US consumers not having the means or will to continue consuming foreign products .
For years the US has printed money in return for foreign goods , with foreigners recycling those dollars right back into US Treasuries .
We could be nearing the end of this virtuous cycle .
For you skeptics , this is not just a theoretical argument .
We may be seeing an inflection point developing now .
Have you seen the shape of retail sales lately ?
More to the point , feast your eyes on a possible turn in the US current account figures :
Figure 3
Mark the crash in US imports :
Figure 4
Before leaving this thread , there is another important trend that must play out before we can declare the foreign buyer as no longer in the game .
Foreign central banks want out of Fannie and Freddie , and it looks like the United States has " obliged , " buying back those agencies in return for a show at US Treasury auctions .
According to the Federal Reserve 's H.4.1 release , on July 16 , 2008 , foreign central banks held $ 985 billion in US government agencies , up from about $ 150 billion at the start of the housing bubble .
As of February 25 , 2009 , they had reduced those positions to $ 813 billion .
Over that same period , those same foreign central banks bought about $ 400 billion in US Treasuries .
An upgrade , perhaps , but clearly a positive for US Treasuries these last 6 months .
Agency sales have been slowing of late , but this trend could have a bit more to run .
On the other hand , when the run is over , this will put more pressure on US Treasury interest rates .
Where does that leave us ?
In Sanaullah 's words , it leaves us with option 3 , monetization , because
[ w ] ith an insolvent public and no foreign demand for Treasuries , the Federal Reserve will monetize debt to finance its continued bailouts and economic stimulus .
If this taxing and borrowing gets too hard , why not issue government IOU's and have the Federal Reserve buy them with money printed out of thin air ?
That way the federal government gets it 's financing — and at continued low rates .
Indeed , if foreigners back off , given the sorry state of US savings , what choice will the Federal Reserve have ?
This may work for a while and keep US Treasury rates contained .
The problem is that money printing means reducing the purchasing power of the dollar .
In other words , price inflation .
When investors begin accounting for this inflation in their buying decisions , the inflation premium demanded by US Treasury buyers will cause US Treasury interest rates to rise , and rise in earnest .
And who are among the most US dollar sensitive market participants in the world ?
Foreigners .
And who is the biggest marginal buyer of US Treasuries ?
The foreign buyer .
This is an unprecedented dynamic in US history .
Add this dynamic to these disastrous spending , saving , and funding dynamics , and we could see US Treasury rates explode .
You say : deflation is the concern now .
There 's no reason for any inflation premium .
That 's tomorrow 's worry .
US Treasuries are the safest asset in the world !
Investors , foreign and American both , would not be piling into US Treasuries if they were worried about inflation .
And you would be right .
No one is worried about inflation .
Everyone is worried about safety .
And that 's precisely the point .
I say , safety from what ?
If you are a contrarian , that should tell you something .
Do I hear crowded trade ?
What 's this ?
Maybe those dollar - sensitive foreign buyers are beginning to see the point , and are making some " adjustments . "
In the recent essay , Bill Bonner writes ,
We are bearish on U.S. government paper — in all its forms .
And here 's why .
The latest estimate from Goldman Sachs puts U.S. government borrowing for this fiscal year at $ 2.5 trillion .
Meanwhile , foreigners are showing less and less interest in U.S. debt .
They 're switching to short term paper — bills and notes , which are less vulnerable to inflation and currency declines … [ emphasis added ]
Steve Saville , one of my favorite analysts and proprietor of The Speculative Investor , believes gold may be helpful in flagging the point where deflation concerns abate and worries over inflation return .
I agree .
To start , a gold price break above the March 2008 highs would perhaps signal that inflation is back .
Bonner , in another recent essay , " The United States : The Largest Ponzi Scheme in the World , " seems to agree .
He recaps the conundrum the US Treasury buyer faces , and by extension how close we may be to much higher rates on US Treasuries :
What is odd is that while gold goes up , so does the dollar .
And so do U.S. Treasury bonds .
It is as if investors could n't make up their minds .
They bid up the price of U.S. Treasuries … and bid up the price of anti-Treasuries at the same time .
What gives ?
On the right side of their brains , they figure that U.S. Treasury bonds are the only place you can put your money and be sure of getting it back .
Stocks are a disaster .
Bonds — except for U.S. Treasuries — are too risky … Commodities ?
We 've seen what can happen there …
Even gold could easily take a 20 % haircut .
But wait … the left side of the brain is sending a message too .
Buy gold , it says ; something fishy is going on in the Treasury bond market …
How is it possible that the feds can borrow trillions of dollars without causing interest rates to rise ?
How can they increase the quantity of something so much … without lowering its quality ?
One question leads to another one : ' How are they going to pay this money back ? ' the left side wants to know .
The more the left side thinks about it , the more it does n't understand what is going on .
Let 's see … the biggest spendthrift on the planet issues trillions more in IOUs … with no obvious way to pay back the money … and let 's see … this same spendthrift actually has the right to pay off its IOUs with more IOUs that it prints up itself … and it actually WANTS to make its IOUs less valuable … so that people wo n't hold on to them .
It wants people to spend its IOUs on goods and services … as fast as possible … in order to " get the economy moving again . "
Bonner concludes that
[t ] he fearful world is buying Treasuries , but not because the tax revenues of the American state are so reliable ; they 're buying Treasuries because the United States is the only substantial debtor in the world that can make good on its debts with money of its own making …
The only way to pay off the old lenders is to bring in new ones — or run the printing press .
That 's all lenders have to worry about — inflation .
And for the moment , prices are going down .
Yes they are , until , as Bonner says , " they start going up . "
Before I wrap this up , one more table to underscore these points , this one showing federal debt held by the Federal Reserve :
FRB
Debt
Held % Public
Debt
Held 1960s 39 12 % 1970s 86 15 % 1980s 171 10 % 1990s 352 8 % 2000s 641 9 % 4Q08 476 4 %
Note the decline in Federal Reserve debt held as a percent of public debt held , beginning in the 1980s , which is about the time foreign buyers began stepping up .
Note also the largest percentage take occurred in the inflationary 1970s .
Most importantly , observe the plunge in Federal Reserve debt , in dollars and as a percent of publicly held debt , in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
In fact , from a peak of $ 790 billion in the third quarter of 2007 , Federal Reserve holdings of US Treasuries are off 40 % .
While foreigners were buying US Treasuries in size , the Federal Reserve was selling US Treasuries in size — in exchange for agency debt , mortgage debt , consumer debt , and other toxic paper .
Now , look at what the Federal Reserve has done to its balance sheet , despite the help of foreign US Treasury buyers :
Figure 5
Do we already have inflation in the pipeline ?
I think so .
Imagine what the Federal Reserve 's balance sheet — and inflation — will look like when the Federal Reserve has to step in and monetize the federal debt too .
Now if that does n't put an inflation premium into US Treasury rates , nothing will .
My thinking is to short sell US Treasuries .
Maybe it 's a bit early , especially if we have another deflation scare , but if you are not already in at these historically low rates , scaling in — building a Treasuries position over time , starting now — may not be such a bad idea .
Speakers at MIT 's fourth annual student - led Energy Conference on Saturday emphasized the historic opportunity now open to proponents of clean energy : a global economic crisis that can be directly addressed by sweeping changes to the way we produce and use energy .
And research universities , they said , could play a major role in helping to bring about such a transformation .
" We need to focus on alternative energy because reviving the economies of the world requires a return to fundamental economic growth , " MIT President Susan Hockfield said .
" I 'm convinced that the next wave of economic growth will rise from the same source that powered the information and biotechnology revolutions : from innovation .
And today , by far the most powerful potential for immediate , catalytic innovation is alternative energy . "
The sold - out conference , organized by the MIT Energy Club and the MIT Sloan Energy and Environment Club , attracted hundreds of energy professionals , investors , entrepreneurs , policy makers , academics and students .
Saturday 's gathering was preceded by an Energy Showcase on Friday night that featured more than 60 students ' posters about academic research projects on energy as well as displays from dozens of energy companies , many of them spinoffs from MIT research , and a variety of interactive exhibits .
Conference keynote speaker Lars Josefsson , CEO of Swedish energy company Vattenfall , recently announced plans for his company -- which operates in several other European nations -- to achieve complete carbon neutrality in all its power production by 2050 , making it the world 's first major energy supplier to make such a sweeping commitment .
" If we can do it , anyone can do it , " said Josefsson , adding that the global nature of climate problems requires coordinated worldwide action .
He emphasized that although the sweeping changes needed will take decades to implement , it is essential to begin the process immediately .
If bold action is taken now , the problems " will be solvable , " he said .
But " if we carry out business as usual for 10 years , the equation will have no solution , it wo n't be possible , which means the time to act is now .
If we delay , we 'll reach the point of no return . "
If Josefsson is right , however , not all action will be painful .
About a third of mankind 's carbon emissions , he asserted , could be eliminated by measures that have " negative costs . "
Such measures , typically in the form of improvements in efficiency , save more money than they cost to implement , but often fail to be implemented solely because of the way their costs are allocated ( as when it is the owner of a building who pays for efficiency improvements , but the tenants who enjoy the resulting savings ) .
For the most part , Josefsson contended , these can be addressed simply with changes in regulations and standards .
Josefsson also spoke of the importance , as the world works to curb emissions , of carbon capture and sequestration , which holds the promise of reducing greenhouse gases from the production of energy from fossil fuels .
Already , a pilot coal - fired plant Vattenfall operates in Germany has demonstrated the feasibility of capture and sequestration , he said .
" Technically , it 's possible to do 100 percent " capture of the carbon emissions , he said , although it remains to be seen whether that can be achieved economically .
Vattenfall is investing aggressively in wind power , including a new project under way to provide 6,000 megawatts from a string of wind turbines off the coast of England .
It is also investing in new nuclear plants , as well as wave power and biomass plants .
' A liberating event '
U.S. Rep. Jay Inslee ( D - Wash . ) , a member of the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming , said in his keynote talk , " I believe the clean energy revolution can succeed , " and that it 's scientists and engineers rather than politicians who will lead the way .
What 's needed now , he said , is a national commitment to energy research and development similar to that of the Apollo program .
Inslee said that , contrary to some people 's feeling that in the present economic crisis we should scale back plans to fund energy research and address global warming , he sees this as " a liberating event " and a chance to " break with old investment practices and start anew . "
New approaches to energy are now " an economic necessity , " he said , and " it would be a crime not to recognize and seize " this opportunity .
" An economic crisis sets the psychological conditions for change . "
Inslee detailed seven steps that he said need to be implemented to deal with our energy and economic problems .
First and foremost , he said , is to " level the playing field " by requiring that energy costs reflect the true costs to society .
Currently , he said , " the deck is stacked â€¦ Fossil fuels get a free ride . "
A crucial step , he said , is for the government to set emissions limits and then auction off permits for emissions -- a cap - and - trade system -- raising essential capital for research and development in the process .
In addition , he called for national renewable energy standards for utilities , incentives for energy efficiency and an overhaul of the nation 's electric transmission grid .
Overall , he said , " I believe all these things have a good chance of happening this year . "
We also need creative new ways of financing energy improvements , he said : Right now , the utility industry spends less money on R&D than the dog food industry .
While global climate change continues to be politically controversial , Inslee said , energy issues overall cut across partisan divides , because the issue of energy security " unites everyone in the country . "
And the present financial situation behooves us to " turn this crisis into green , " he said , " not just ecologically , but economically . "
Hockfield opened the conference by paying tribute to the student leaders who plan and manage every aspect of the annual gathering , which she said has become " one of the premier energy conferences in the nation . "
The event gives the world " an inkling of what MIT students are capable of , " she said .
A version of this article appeared in MIT Tech Talk on March 11 , 2009 ( download PDF ) .
I.B.M. withdrew its $ 7 billion bid for Sun Microsystems on Sunday , one day after Sun ’s board balked at a reduced offer , according to three people close to the talks .
The deal ’s collapse after weeks of negotiations raises questions about Sun ’s next step , since the I.B.M. offer was far above the value of the Silicon Valley company ’s shares when news of the I.B.M. offer first surfaced last month .
Sun , an innovative pioneer in computer workstations , servers and Internet - era software , has struggled in recent years and spent months trying to secure a suitor .
With I.B.M. and others shying away from a deal , a bruised Sun could be forced to continue pursuing a solo business model whose prospects have been questioned by many analysts .
Had it bought Sun , I.B.M. would have become the dominant supplier of high - priced Unix servers and gained the rights to a number of popular business software franchises , including the Java technology used on many Web sites .
The deal would have also helped I.B.M. compete against the hardware breadth of rival Hewlett - Packard and given it some momentum to combat Oracle ’s ever - expanding business software empire .
However , I.B.M. also faced the likelihood of antitrust reviews tied to the stronger positions in Unix servers and mainframe storage that it would have gained under the deal .
Nearly one in three children admit to having carried a knife or a gun , a Youth Justice Board survey has found .
Seventeen per cent of 11 - to 16 - year - olds reported carrying a penknife and 15 per cent said they had carried a ball - bearing gun in the past year .
One in 20 boasted of having carried a flick knife .
Almost half of the boys and one in six girls admitted carrying a knife or a gun .
One in 20 said they had carried an airgun ; 3 per cent had carried a " real " gun .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
However , the survey of 4,750 young people by the pollsters Ipsos MORI found significantly fewer young people were carrying weapons compared with 2005 .
Overall , just under a quarter of children admitted offending in the past 12 months , down from 27 per cent in 2005 .
The findings were issued as the killer of the Harry Potter actor Rob Knox was given four life sentences .
Karl Bishop was told he would be imprisoned for at least 20 years for the knife attack on Mr Knox , 18 , and four of his friends .
Chris Grayling , the shadow Home Secretary , said : " These findings are absolutely shocking .
Ministers tell us we are wrong to talk about a broken society .
What clearer evidence do they need that Gordon Brown 's Britain is going badly wrong ? "
Chris Huhne , the Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman , said ministers had failed to get a grip on knife culture .
" It is a serious failing of our society that our young people feel the need to arm themselves for protection .
" Instead of posturing on penalties , Labour and the Tories should focus on what works to cut knife - carrying – increasing the likelihood of getting caught .
This means hot - spot policing , intelligence - led stop and search , and restorative justice that brings offenders face to face with their own victims . "
The Mayor of London , Boris Johnson , said yesterday that the judiciary was failing to tackle knife crime .
" I am worried that the criminal justice system is not fit for purpose and is too often letting us down , " he told the London Crimestoppers annual dinner .
" I am worried that where someone is convicted of a knife crime on too few occasions do we get the sentence we need . "
The survey found young people who broke the law commonly did so because they were bored .
Alcohol and peer pressure were also blamed .
Fare - dodging was the most common offence , followed by shoplifting , minor assault , property damage and graffiti .
One in five young people said they had sent a text message threatening someone .
One in six said they had been involved in " happy slapping " by using their phone to film a prank or assault .
There was an increase in the proportion of young people caught by police .
Half of those who admitted committing crimes said they had been caught , compared with 29 per cent in 2005 .
Frances Done , the chairman of the Youth Justice Board , said : " This survey shows that the majority of children are law - abiding and know right from wrong .
Unfortunately , there is still a minority that can blight the lives of their community with their offending . "
The Home Office minister Vernon Coaker said police had seized 3,400 knives in the past 10 months : " Only a small minority of young people are regularly involved in serious violence and we are determined to get knives and other weapons off our streets . "
A post -mortem examination revealed that Mr Liu was shot 34 times
Australian police have released an X - ray image showing the skull of a murdered Chinese immigrant shot repeatedly with a nail gun .
Police are appealing for help to solve the murder of Chen Liu , 27 , whose body was found by two children last year in marshland in south Sydney .
Detectives said the weapon was a gas nail gun used in construction , firing nails up to 85 mm ( 3.3 in ) long .
Mr Chen arrived in Melbourne in 2000 on a student visa , and moved to Sydney .
A post -mortem examination revealed that Mr Liu was shot 34 times in the head and neck with a high - powered nail gun , police said .
The weapon has not yet been recovered .
Police have appealed for information from anyone who may have been in the area at the time of Mr Chen 's death .
Brutal murder
" In 36 years , I 've never seen a murder of this nature , " Homicide Squad Superintendent Geoff Beresford told reporters .
" It 's a particularly brutal and vicious murder and hence the reason we are seeking information from the public , " he said .
Mr Chen 's badly decomposed body was found on 1 November 2008 , wrapped in plastic , wire and an electrical cord .
" We believe the perpetrators had every intention of the body not being discovered , " Supt Beresford said .
" Certainly there were efforts made to perhaps weigh it down if you like , and it was the force of nature , the tides , whereby the body has been discovered on the river bank . "
Autos und Autoreifen im Internet kaufen
Trotz hoher Spritpreise ist ein Auto für viele Menschen aus dem Alltag nicht mehr wegzudenken .
Heutzutage ist es sehr wichtig mobil zu sein , nicht nur im Beruf , sondern auch im Privatleben .
Große Einkäufe , Besuche bei Verwandten oder der Familienausflug , sind ohne ein Auto fast nicht machbar .
Nun sollte man meinen , dass der Kauf eines Autos nicht schwer ist , doch weit gefehlt .
An ein Auto setzt man viele Voraussetzungen .
Es sollte groß genug für die ganze Familie sein , aber doch günstig in den Unterhaltskosten .
Eine sehr große Auswahl für den Autokauf bietet das Internet .
Im Gegensatz zu einem Autohändler , der nur sehr wenig Platz in seinem Laden hat , findet man im Internet eine viel größere Auswahl an allen Autos , die zurzeit auf dem Markt zu finden sind .
Was nicht heißt , dass man sein Auto nur von Privatanbietern kaufen kann , im Internet bieten auch schweizer Händler ihre Autos und Autoreifen zum Kauf an .
So wird man von jeder Automarke , auch eine Webseite der Hersteller und Verkäufer im Internet finden .
Die meisten Webseiten der Autoverkäufer sind so gestaltet , dass man anhand seiner Wünsche und Vorstellungen auf der Webseite ein Formular ausfüllt und nach ein paar Sekunden werden verschiedene Automodelle angezeigt , die den Wünschen und Anforderungen angepasst sind .
Autos und Autoreifen im Internet kaufen
Im Internet kann man beispielsweise auf folgenden Seiten Autos suchen , die zum Verkauf stehen :
mobile.de
autoscout24.de
auto.de
Autogesuche : Autos aktiv suchen
Eine weitere Möglichkeit im Internet ein Auto zukaufen ist es , eine eigene Autogesuch aufzugeben .
Im Internet gibt es verschiedene Anbieter und Verkaufsmärkte in denen man sein Wunschauto finden und kaufen kann .
In sogenannten Auktionshäusern , die im Internet zu finden sind , werden jeden Tag zahlreiche Autos zum Kauf angeboten , ob es sich nun um Neuwagen , oder um ein gebrauchtes Auto handelt .
Und wenn man einige wichtige Regeln beachtet , kann auch der Autokauf im Internet ohne Probleme stattfinden .
You hold a lot more influence over your credit picture than you might think .
Even though things are difficult right now for many consumers , it actually plays more into your favor when it comes to working with creditors for relief on loans and credit cards .
The reason is that they would rather negotiate with you and get some money from you rather than having to incur the costs of taking you to court and expending energy in trying to contact you to settle your debt .
Now , there are limits that they will probably not extend beyond , but at least it is good to know that you are in good position for a favorable outcome .
The type of consumer loan depends on the success that you will have in negotiating a better rate of interest .
For example , your first mortgage company will be loathe to sit down at a bargaining table over your interest rate since the profitability of the loan is at stake and the principle and interest is a much higher amount .
The converse is true , however , in that credit card companies are relatively easy to work with on interest rate changes .
In fact , they have built into their business model the accepted practice of changing rates in order to keep customers happy .
If you have a strong credit history , you will be more likely to be successful in working out a better rate because you have already demonstrated your ability and willingness to pay your debts .
Also , consumers have other easy options .
You can take your credit card balance to another company easily and quickly which will leave the company with no income realized on your account .
Here are some negotiating tips you can use in your quest .
Write and send certified letters .
These documents are admissible in court and it places the creditor on the defense if they say that have not received any communication from you when you can show that clearly , they have signed for one that you have sent .
Keep your cool .
Do not threaten or become verbally abusive .
This will only exacerbate the situation and likely prevent you from getting anywhere in obtaining a lower rate .
Be fair minded .
You accepted the terms of the creditor when you signed on the dotted line , so be sure to acknowledge that fact .
Also , be sure that you let the creditor know that you are willing to go through this so that they can benefit , too .
This carries a lot of weight when they can see that they will be better off with a resolution rather than a rejection .
Leave out Bankruptcy .
Do not talk about options beyond not being able to settle with them .
These do not place you in a good light with the creditor and do nothing to further your request .
Finally , if you are given a lower rate , be sure to rigorously adhere to the change in order to remain a customer in good standing .
Remember that you stand to benefit from this on your credit report as well because you will be in a better position to keep making your payments on time .
Be sure to have all of the facts in hand that you need in order to make your case when you contact your creditor .
They will appreciate your thoroughness and hopefully reward your efforts .
This is part of an Erlang tutorial built around a tic - tac - toe program .
The program is stuffed into one file , called tic.erl and available here .
There are also smaller Erlang modules for analyzing game - spaces called tic_count.erl and tic_game_space.erl .
There are also alternative versions of tic.erl and tic_game_space.erl called tic2.erl and tic_game_space2.erl .
With these alternatives you can experiment with different rules for playing .
For example , you can set the rules so 3 - in - a - row does NOT win , but a Y - shaped arrangment does .
There are a lot of alternative combinations of rules to choose from .
The tutorial is organized as follows :
Alternative rules
In my last post I mentioned that , according to Wikipedia , some people treat a Y - shaped arrangment of marks as a tic - tac - toe win .
That started me wondering how special rules affect the tic - tac - toe game - space .
So I hacked tic.erl ( alternative - rules version : tic2.erl ) and tic_game_space.erl ( alternative rules version : tic_game_space2.erl ) to find out .
The alternative - rule code has the following functions to check for winning games :
% -------------------------------------------------------------- % is_board_won_all_rows (
Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_all_columns ( Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_rising_diagonal (
Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_falling_diagonal (
Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_upright_Y (
Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_tilt_right_Y (
Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_upside_down_Y (
Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_tilt_left_Y (
Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_four_corners ( Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_four_sides ( Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_nw_bend ( Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_ne_bend ( Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_sw_bend ( Board , Mark ) % is_board_won_se_bend ( Board , Mark ) % %
All possible winning board patterns , including % experimental ones controlled by preprocessor macros .
%
--------------------------- %
Check for 3 - in -a- row : is_board_won_all_rows ( { X , X, X , _ , _ , _ , _ , _ , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_all_rows ( {_ , _ , _ , X , X , X , _ , _ , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_all_rows ( {_ , _ , _ , _ , _ , _ , X , X , X} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_all_rows ( _ , _ ) -> false .
% --------------------------- %
Check for 3 - in - a- column : is_board_won_all_columns ( { X , _ , _ , X , _ , _ , X , _ , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_all_columns ( {_ , X , _ , _ , X , _ , _ , X , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_all_columns ( {_ , _, X , _ , _, X , _ , _, X} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_all_columns ( _ , _ ) -> false .
% --------------------------- %
Check the diagonals . is_board_won_rising_diagonal ( {_ , _, X , _ , X , _ , X , _, _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_rising_diagonal ( _ , _ ) -> false. is_board_won_falling_diagonal ( { X , _ , _ , _ , X , _ , _ , _, X} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_falling_diagonal ( _ , _ ) -> false .
% --------------------------- %
Check the Y's is_board_won_upright_Y ( { X , _ , X , _ , _ , _ , _ , X , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_upright_Y ( _ , _ ) -> false. is_board_won_tilt_right_Y ( {_ , _, X , X , _ , _ , _ , _, X} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_tilt_right_Y( _ , _ ) -> false . is_board_won_upside_down_Y ( {_ , X , _ , _ , _ , _ , X , _, X} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_upside_down_Y( _ , _ ) -> false . is_board_won_tilt_left_Y (
{ X , _ , _ , _ , _, X , X , _ , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_tilt_left_Y ( _ , _ ) -> false .
% --------------------------- %
Check corners - 4 - mark pattern is_board_won_four_corners ( { X , _, X , _ , _ , _ , X , _, X} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_four_corners ( _ , _ ) -> false .
% --------------------------- %
Check sides - 4 - mark pattern is_board_won_four_sides ( {_ , X , _ , X , _, X , _ , X , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_four_sides ( _ , _ ) -> false .
% --------------------------- %
Check the corner bends is_board_won_nw_bend ( { X , X , _ , X , _ , _ , _ , _ , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_nw_bend ( _ , _ ) -> false. is_board_won_ne_bend ( {_ , X,X , _ , _, X , _ , _ , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_ne_bend ( _ , _ ) -> false. is_board_won_sw_bend ( {_ , _ , _ , X , _ , _ , X , X , _} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_sw_bend ( _ , _ ) -> false. is_board_won_se_bend ( {_ , _ , _ , _ , _, X , _ , X , X} , X ) -> true ; is_board_won_se_bend ( _ , _ ) -> false .
You control which of these rules is in force with the following preprocessor macros , which expand to either true or false .
== Normal Rules - default true == c_win_pattern_all_rows c_win_pattern_all_columns c_win_pattern_rising_diagonal c_win_pattern_falling_diagonal == Rules for Y - shaped patterns - default false == c_win_pattern_upright_Y c_win_pattern_tilt_right_Y c_win_pattern_upside_down_Y c_win_pattern_tilt_left_Y == 4 - mark rules - default false == c_win_pattern_four_corners c_win_pattern_four_sides == Rules for corner - bend patterns - default false == c_win_pattern_nw_bend c_win_pattern_ne_bend c_win_pattern_sw_bend c_win_pattern_se_bend
You can set these preprocessor macros when you compile / load the module .
For example , to get ?c_win_pattern_all_rows to expand to false and ?c_win_pattern_upright_Y to expand to true , do the following .
It ’s flexible , but a little difficult to type .
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 1 > [ {d , c_symmetry_collapse , false} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upright_Y , true} ] ) .
{ok,tic_game_space2}
An alternative would be to add function params or UI to specify these options .
But I used preprocessor flags because it ’s a quick ( albeit dirty ) solution .
Good enough when you ’re just experimenting .
Normal rules
First of all , remember the game - space for normal - rules tic - tac - toe looks something like this .
I ’ve covered this before in earlier posts .
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 1 > {d , c_symmetry_collapse , false} ) .
{ok, tic_game_space2} 2 > tic_game_space2:report0 ( ) .
Full tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all moves Player 2 : all moves Large game space -- no symmetry collapse Total number of game paths : 255168 Total number of boards : 5478 Player 1 winning boards : 626 Player 2 winning boards : 316 Player 1 must respond to : 2423 Player 2 must respond to : 2097 Tie boards : 16 Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 2739 Boards produced by player 2 : 2738 ok
When you reduce the game space by collapsing symmetries ( treating all rotated and reflected tic - tac - toe boards as equal ) you end up with this .
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 1 > {d , c_symmetry_collapse , true} ) .
{ok, tic_game_space2} 2 > tic_game_space2:report0 ( ) .
Full tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all moves Player 2 : all moves Reduced game space -- 8 - fold symmetry collapse Total number of game paths : 26830 Total number of boards : 765 Player 1 winning boards : 91 Player 2 winning boards : 44 Player 1 must respond to : 338 Player 2 must respond to : 289 Tie boards : 3
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 383 Boards produced by player 2 : 381 ok
If you just analyze “ smart ” moves ( moves that do not worsen your position ) , the game space shrinks even further .
This gets rid of all winning games because either player can force a draw .
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 1 > {d , c_symmetry_collapse , false} ) .
{ok, tic_game_space2} 2 > tic_game_space2:report1 ( ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Large game space -- no symmetry collapse Total number of game paths : 3584 Total number of boards : 884 Player 1 winning boards : 0 Player 2 winning boards : 0 Player 1 must respond to : 417 Player 2 must respond to : 451 Tie boards : 16 Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 467 Boards produced by player 2 : 416 ok
And when you collapse symmetries in the smart game space you have an even smaller game - space .
You end up with only distinct 336 tie games and 125 boards .
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 1 > {d , c_symmetry_collapse , true} ) .
{ok, tic_game_space2} 2 > tic_game_space2:report1 ( ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Reduced game space -- 8 - fold symmetry collapse Total number of game paths : 336 Total number of boards : 125 Player 1 winning boards : 0 Player 2 winning boards : 0 Player 1 must respond to : 58 Player 2 must respond to : 64 Tie boards : 3
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 67 Boards produced by player 2 : 57 ok
What if Y - shaped patterns also win ?
So what if we expand the rules of tic - tac - toe so that you can also win by playing a Y - shaped pattern ( or a rotated Y - shape ) .
You get this :
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 1 > [ {d , c_symmetry_collapse , false} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upright_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_right_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upside_down_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_left_Y , true} ] ) . {ok, tic_game_space2} 2 > tic_game_space2:report0 ( ) .
Full tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all moves Player 2 : all moves Large game space -- no symmetry collapse Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins < wins ^ wins > wins Winning patterns are symmetric Total number of game paths : 209520 Total number of boards : 5214 Player 1 winning boards : 846 Player 2 winning boards : 428 Player 1 must respond to : 2131 Player 2 must respond to : 1809 Tie boards : 0
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 2655 Boards produced by player 2 : 2558 ok
The game space is somewhat smaller with the new rules , but not much ( 255168 vs 209520 games and 5478 vs 5214 boards ) .
This is because more games end early with one player winning .
In fact you can see tie games are not possible — all games end in a win .
You can still collapse out symmetries because all winning patterns , including the Ys , are still rotation / reflection symmetric .
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 1 > [ {d , c_symmetry_collapse , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upright_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_right_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upside_down_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_left_Y , true} ] ) . {ok, tic_game_space2} 2 > tic_game_space2:report0 ( ) .
Full tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all moves Player 2 : all moves Reduced game space -- 8 - fold symmetry collapse Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins < wins ^ wins > wins Winning patterns are symmetric Total number of game paths : 22100 Total number of boards : 727 Player 1 winning boards : 120 Player 2 winning boards : 59 Player 1 must respond to : 298 Player 2 must respond to : 250 Tie boards : 0
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 370 Boards produced by player 2 : 356 ok
Again we see a small reduction in the number of possible games in the game space ( 26830 vs 22100 ) and the number of boards ( 765 vs 727 ) .
The smart game - space looks like this , in full and with collapsed symmetries .
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 1 > [ {d , c_symmetry_collapse , false} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upright_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_right_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upside_down_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_left_Y , true} ] ) .
{ok, tic_game_space2}
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Large game space -- no symmetry collapse Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins < wins ^ wins > wins Winning patterns are symmetric Total number of game paths : 33424 Total number of boards : 2985 Player 1 winning boards : 788 Player 2 winning boards : 0 Player 1 must respond to : 1619 Player 2 must respond to : 578 Tie boards : 0
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 1366 Boards produced by player 2 : 1618 ok 3 > c( ' / erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 3 > [ {d , c_symmetry_collapse , true} , 3 > {d , c_win_pattern_upright_Y , true} , 3 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_right_Y , true} , 3 > {d , c_win_pattern_upside_down_Y , true} , 3 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_left_Y , true} ] ) .
{ok, tic_game_space2} 4 > tic_game_space2:report1 ( ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Reduced game space -- 8 - fold symmetry collapse Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins < wins ^ wins > wins Winning patterns are symmetric Total number of game paths : 3495 Total number of boards : 412 Player 1 winning boards : 109 Player 2 winning boards : 0 Player 1 must respond to : 220 Player 2 must respond to : 83 Tie boards : 0
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 192 Boards produced by player 2 : 219 ok 5 > tic_game_space2:report1 ( ply_overview ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Reduced game space -- 8 - fold symmetry collapse Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins < wins ^ wins > wins Winning patterns are symmetric Player 1 moves , leading to ply 1 2 boards ( all continue ) 2 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 2 10 boards ( all continue ) 10 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 3 22 boards ( all continue ) 22 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 4 81 boards ( all continue ) 81 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 5 80 boards ( 53 continuing ) 27 boards won by player 1 53 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 6 121 boards ( all continue ) 121 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 7 81 boards ( 6 continuing ) 75 boards won by player 1 6 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 8 7 boards ( all continue ) 7 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves ( last move ) 7 boards won by player 1 ok
Oddly enough , although the total game space shrinks with the new rules , the smart game space expands .
The number of smart games goes from 3584 with normal rules to 33424 with these new rules .
The board count goes from 884 to 2985 .
The reason for this expansion is that with the new rules , the second player cannot avoid losing no matter how smart he is .
So the smart game space with the normal rules always leads to tie games , while with the alternative game space there are no ties and all smart games end with the first player winning .
The tie game space necks down to just a few boards at the end , but the first - player - wins game space stays wide , especially with the alternative rules .
Here ’s a view of the blank board with predicted outcomes for each starting move .
1> c( '/ erlang/tic2 ' , 1 > [ {d , c_init_board_predictions , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upright_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_right_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upside_down_Y , true} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_left_Y , true} ] ) . {ok , tic2} 2 > tic2 : play ( ) .
Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins < wins ^ wins > wins Welcome to tic - tac - toe , the game that predicts the outcomes of every move and lets you erase X's and O's and skip turns .
Starting a new game . [ ] []
1 Wins in [ ]
2 Wins in [ ]
3
Wins in three turns [ ] four turns [ ] three turns after this [ ] after this [ ] after this [ ] [ ]
===============##===============##=============== [ ] [ ]
4 Wins in [ ] 5 Loses in [ ]
6
Wins in four turns [ ] four turns [ ] four turns after this [ ] after this [ ] after this [ ] [ ]
===============##===============##=============== [ ] []
7 Wins in [ ]
8 Wins in [ ]
9
Wins in three turns [ ] four turns [ ] three turns after this [ ] after this [ ] after this [ ] []
It is X's turn to move .
What do you want to do ( h=help , q=quit ) ?
This confirms that Y - shaped winning patterns confers a huge advantage on the starting player .
By starting in a corner , he can win in just three moves , the minimun ever needed .
Even with no mistakes the second player can lose with only two Os on the board .
I was a surprised to see that if the first player starts in the middle , the second player can force a win .
Let ’s see what that game space looks like , where we force the first move to be in the middle and only look at smart moves after that .
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , [ {d , c_symmetry_collapse , true} , {d , c_win_pattern_upright_Y , true} , {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_right_Y , true} , {d , c_win_pattern_upside_down_Y , true} , {d , c_win_pattern_tilt_left_Y , true} ] ) .
{ok, tic_game_space2} 2 > tic_game_space2:report( summary , middle_init_move , smart_moves , smart_moves ) .
Tic - tac - toe game - space : First moves ( player 1 ) : Middle only ( 1 move )
Player 1 move filter : Smart moves only Player 2 move filter : Smart moves only Reduced game space -- 8 - fold symmetry collapse Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins < wins ^ wins > wins Winning patterns are symmetric Total number of game paths : 84 Total number of boards : 62 Player 1 winning boards : 0 Player 2 winning boards : 20 Player 1 must respond to : 10 Player 2 must respond to : 32 Tie boards : 0
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 32 Boards produced by player 2 : 29 ok 3 > tic_game_space2:report(
3 > ply_overview , middle_init_move , 3 > smart_moves , smart_moves ) .
Tic - tac - toe game - space : First moves ( player 1 ) : Middle only ( 1 move )
Player 1 move filter : Smart moves only Player 2 move filter : Smart moves only Reduced game space -- 8 - fold symmetry collapse Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins < wins ^ wins > wins Winning patterns are symmetric Player 1 moves , leading to ply 1 1 boards ( all continue ) 1 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 2 1 boards ( all continue ) 1 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 3 4 boards ( all continue ) 4 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 4 3 boards ( all continue ) 3 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 5 15 boards ( all continue ) 15 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 6 15 boards ( 5 continuing ) 10 boards won by player 2 5 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 7 12 boards ( all continue ) 12 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 8 10 boards ( 0 continuing to ties ) 10 boards won by player 2 Player 1 moves ( last move ) ok
Yep , that confirms it .
With these alternative rules , player 2 can always win if player 1 starts in the middle .
The following shows that at least player 1 can delay the loss and force player 2 to make 4 moves .
4> tic2 :play ( ) .
Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins < wins ^ wins > wins Welcome to tic - tac - toe , the game that predicts the outcomes of every move and lets you erase X's and O's and skip turns .
Starting a new game . [ ] []
1 Wins in [ ]
2 Wins in [ ]
3
Wins in three turns [ ] four turns [ ] three turns after this [ ] after this [ ] after this [ ] [ ]
===============##===============##=============== [ ] [ ]
4 Wins in [ ] 5 Loses in [ ]
6
Wins in four turns [ ] four turns [ ] four turns after this [ ] after this [ ] after this [ ] [ ]
===============##===============##=============== [ ] []
7 Wins in [ ]
8 Wins in [ ]
9
Wins in three turns [ ] four turns [ ] three turns after this [ ] after this [ ] after this [ ] []
It is X's turn to move .
What do you want to do ( h=help , q=quit ) ?
5 Marking X at position 5 . [ ] [ ]
1 Wins in [ ] 2 Loses in [ ]
3
Wins in four turns [ ] three turns [ ] four turns after this [ ] after this [ ] after this [ ] [ ]
===============##===============##=============== [ ] XXX XXX [ ] 4 Loses in [ ]
XX XX [ ] 6 Loses in three turns [ ] XXX [ ] three turns after this [ ] XX XX [ ] after this [ ] XXX XXX [ ]
===============##===============##=============== [ ] []
7 Wins in [ ] 8 Loses in [ ]
9
Wins in four turns [ ] three turns [ ] four turns after this [ ] after this [ ] after this [ ] []
It is O 's turn to move .
What do you want to do ( h=help , q=quit ) ?
What if just one Y - pattern wins ?
The above analysis shows that making all the Ys winning patterns in tic - tac - toe distorts the game , allowing player 1 to easily win .
But what if only one Y - pattern is a winner , instead of all 4 rotations ?
Maybe that will balance the game a little .
The winning patterns no longer have 8 - fold symmetry , but we can still explore the game space .
1> c( ' /erlang/tic_game_space2 ' , 1 > [ {d , c_symmetry_collapse , false} , 1 > {d , c_win_pattern_upright_Y , true} ] ) . {ok, tic_game_space2} 2 > tic_game_space2:report0 ( ) .
Full tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all moves Player 2 : all moves Large game space -- no symmetry collapse Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins Winning patterns are not symmetric Total number of game paths : 243252 Total number of boards : 5412 Player 1 winning boards : 688 Player 2 winning boards : 351 Player 1 must respond to : 2343 Player 2 must respond to : 2022 Tie boards : 8
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 2718 Boards produced by player 2 : 2693 ok 3 > tic_game_space2:report1 ( ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Large game space -- no symmetry collapse Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins Winning patterns are not symmetric Total number of game paths : 21094 Total number of boards : 2755 Player 1 winning boards : 656 Player 2 winning boards : 0 Player 1 must respond to : 1507 Player 2 must respond to : 592 Tie boards : 0
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 1248 Boards produced by player 2 : 1506 ok
It looks like player 1 can still always force a win .
But at least tie games are possible with these rules .
Let ’s see what the first move looks like .
4> c( '/ erlang/tic2 ' , 4 > [ {d , c_init_board_predictions , true} , 4 > {d , c_win_pattern_upright_Y , true} ] ) . {ok , tic2} 5 > tic2 : play ( ) .
Playing with special rules : V ( Y ) wins Welcome to tic - tac - toe , the game that predicts the outcomes of every move and lets you erase X's and O's and skip turns .
Starting a new game . [ ] []
1 Wins in [ ] 2 Leads to [ ]
3
Wins in four turns [ ] CAT game [ ] four turns after this [ ] [ ] after this [ ] [ ]
===============##===============##=============== [ ] [ ]
4 Leads to [ ]
5 Leads to [ ]
6 Leads to CAT game [ ] CAT game [ ] CAT game [ ] [ ] [ ] [ ]
===============##===============##=============== [ ] []
7 Wins in [ ]
8 Wins in [ ]
9
Wins in four turns [ ] four turns [ ] four turns after this [ ] after this [ ] after this [ ] []
It is X's turn to move .
What do you want to do ( h=help , q=quit ) ?
There are still plenty of ways for the first player to force a win , just not as quickly as before when player 1 could win in just 3 moves instead of 4 .
So maybe this is a slightly more balanced game .
Also , whereas before starting in the middle let player 2 win , this time starting in the middle will probably just lead to a tie game .
I admit I kind of liked it the other way .
It suggested a more chaotic , and thus less predictable , game space .
Conclusion
And that ’s what happens to tic - tac - toe when you start changing the rules .
We ’ve talked about 2 sets of alternative rules , where the Y pattern and its rotations can win the game , and where just one Y pattern can win .
Here ’s how the sizes of the game space and the total board counts vary under the rule changes .
Game space Symmetries Rules Game paths Board count Full Expanded Normal 255168 5478 All Ys 209520 5214 One Y 243252 5412 Collapsed Normal 26830 765 All Ys 22100 727 Smart Expanded Normal 3584 884 All Ys 33424 2985 One Y 21094 2755 Collapsed Normal 336 125 All Ys 3495 412
These rules decrease the size of the entire game space slightly , because they lead to more winning situations early in the game .
And the smart game spaces are quite a bit larger under the new rules , but only because player 2 can be forced into a loss , and even under normal rules there are many more paths leading to losses than to ties .
So the smart game spaces are not really comparable .
The one surprise is that the 2nd player can always win if the first player starts in the middle , but only when all 4 Y - patterns are winners .
It ’s like the game space gets unstable board gets very crowded with possible winning patterns .
I hesitate to compare tic - tac - toe to the game of go , but one thing that makes go fascinating is the chaotic nature of the game space , where tiny perturbations in initial conditions can lead to widely varying results .
It makes it hard to predict pattern evolution and cost boards in the early / middle plys .
There are many other variations yet to be explored .
tic2.erl and tic_game_space2.erl can both be set up to recognize other winning patterns .
And more exotic explorations are easily imaginable , even if we ’re confined to a 3×3 board .
For example , you could play a game where the object is to AVOID getting 3 - in - a - row or any “ winning ” pattern .
Does the 2nd player have the advantage then ?
And since tie games are not possible when the 4 Y rotations are winning patterns , either the 1st or 2nd player can always force the other to lose .
Or what if instead of alternating turns , we have the 1st player put down a mark , and then the 2nd player put down two marks , and then the first player put down 2 marks , etc .
Or what if you add more winning patterns but then only play 8 plys instead of 9 , so the game ends when there is one empty spot .
That makes tie games again possible when Y patterns are winners .
Or what if the first player starts normally , but then the 2nd player not only marks down the first O but also circles three spots on the board as an extra winning combination .
And after that play continues like in normal tic - tac - toe , except with the one extra winning pattern .
This expands the game space quite a bit because it effectively adds an extra ply .
Does it shift the advantage away from the starting player ?
Maybe I ’ll look at some of these possibilities in a later post .
This is part of an Erlang tutorial built around a tic - tac - toe program .
The program is stuffed into one file , called tic.erl and available here .
There are also smaller Erlang modules for analyzing game - spaces called tic_count.erl and tic_game_space.erl .
The tutorial is organized as follows :
Smart game space
In the previous post we talk about the full tic - tac - toe game space and all possible board arrangements .
The tic_game_space : report0 ( ) function from tic_game_space.erl tells us there are 255,168 possible tic - tac - toe games and 5478 distinct tic - tac - toe board arrangements .
Or if we treat all rotations and reflections of a board as equal , those counts are reduced to 26,830 games and 765 boards .
But some of these games are very unlikely , and require one or both players to pass up obvious wins and make other mistakes .
Most players are unlikely to ever encounter many of these boards without perverse effort .
So the question arises , how big is tic - tac - toe if you assume the players are rational .
There is code in tic_game_space.erl to answer that question .
Starting from the full game space , the function smart_game_space (.. ) is able to strip out all the unwise moves and leave us with only the “ smart ” game paths .
The number of boards for each ply in the smart game space is given in the following table .
Number of marks on board Number of boards treating rotations and reflections as unique Number of boards treating rotations and reflections as equal 0 ( 0+0 ) 1 1 1 ( 1+0 ) 9 3 2 ( 1+1 ) 24 5 3 ( 2+1 ) 102 16 4 ( 2+2 ) 136 18 5 ( 3+2 ) 176 23 6 ( 3+3 ) 180 24 7 ( 4+3 ) 164 22 8 ( 4+4 ) 76 10 9 ( 5+4 ) 16 3 Totals 884 125
All smart games end after 9 moves in a tie so there are no winning boards in this game space .
You can only win in tic - tac - toe if the other player makes a mistake .
The number of boards is reduced from 5478 in the full game space to 884 in the smart game space .
In the modulo all - reflections - rotations game space the board count is reduced from 765 to 125 .
The reports from tic_game_space.erl provide more details .
For example , we learn there are only 3584 games in the smart game space , reduced from 255,168 in the full space .
Here are the reports that treat rotated and reflected boards as unique .
Eshell V5.6.5 ( abort with ^G ) 1 > c( 'c:/src/erlang/tic_game_space' , 1 > {d , no_rotation_relection_collapse} ) .
{ok, tic_game_space} 2 > tic_game_space:report1 ( ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Total number of game paths : 3584 Total number of boards : 884 Player 1 winning boards : 0 Player 2 winning boards : 0 Player 1 must respond to : 417 Player 2 must respond to : 451 Tie boards : 16 Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 467 Boards produced by player 2 : 416 ok 3 > tic_game_space:report1( ply_overview ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Player 1 moves , leading to ply 1 9 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 2 24 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 1 moves , leading to ply 3 102 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 4 136 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 1 moves , leading to ply 5 176 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 6 180 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 1 moves , leading to ply 7 164 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 8 76 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 1 moves ( last move ) 16 tie boards ok
Here are the reports that treat rotated and reflected boards as equal .
The boards in the first three plys are also listed .
Notice there are only 336 games in the game space , down from 26,830 in the full game space .
Eshell V5.6.5 ( abort with ^G ) 1 > c( 'c:/src/erlang/tic_game_space' ) .
{ok, tic_game_space} 2 > tic_game_space:report1 ( ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Total number of game paths : 336 Total number of boards : 125 Player 1 winning boards : 0 Player 2 winning boards : 0 Player 1 must respond to : 58 Player 2 must respond to : 64 Tie boards : 3
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 67 Boards produced by player 2 : 57 ok 3 > tic_game_space:report1( ply_overview ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Player 1 moves , leading to ply 1 3 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 2 5 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 1 moves , leading to ply 3 16 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 4 18 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 1 moves , leading to ply 5 23 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 6 24 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 1 moves , leading to ply 7 22 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 8 10 boards ( all continue to ties ) Player 1 moves ( last move ) 3 tie boards ok 4 > tic_game_space:report1( 0 ) .
Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Boards in ply 0 ... X.. .X. ... ... -> ... ... .X. ... ... ... ... ok 5 > tic_game_space:report1( 1 ) . Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Boards in ply 1 X.. X.. ... -> .O. ... ... .X. OX . .X. .X. ... -> ... .O. ... ... ... ... .O. ... O.. .X. -> .X. ... ... ok 6 > tic_game_space:report1( 2 ) . Smart tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all smart moves Player 2 : all smart moves Boards in ply 2 X.. XX . X.X X.. X.. .O. -> .O. .O. .OX .O. ... ... ... ... ..X OX . X.O X.. OX .
OX . ... -> .. X ..X X.. .X. ... ... .. O ... ... O.. X.O X.. OX .
O.. .X. -> .X. .X. .X. .XX ... ... .. O ... ... .X. XX . X.. .X. .O. -> .O. .OX XO . ... ... ... ... .X. XX. XO . .X. .X. ... -> ... ... X.O .X. .O. .O. .X. ... .O. ok
It ’s interesting to see that the first player can start anywhere , but the 2nd player ’s first move is constrained .
If the first player starts in the middle , the 2nd player must play a corner to avoid losing .
If the 1st player starts in the corner the 2nd player must respond by marking the middle .
And if the first player starts on the side , the 2nd player must play a corner next to the first player ’s mark , or play the middle , or play the side directly opposite .
The listing of the boards for ply 8 ( which is n’t shown here ) also includes one board where the middle is the one space not filled in .
I did n’t expect to see this —
I assumed the middle would always be marked after the first 3 or 4 ply .
Even tic - tac - toe can hold surprises .
Hmmm , the Wikipedia entry for tic - tac - toe mentions some people also treat a Y - shaped arrangement of marks as a win .
I wonder how that affects the game space ?
This is part of an Erlang tutorial built around a tic - tac - toe program .
The program is stuffed into one file , called tic.erl and available here .
There are also smaller Erlang modules for analyzing game - spaces called tic_count.erl and tic_game_space.erl .
The tutorial is organized as follows :
Full game space
In my last post ( Tic - tac - toe in Erlang — game space symmetries ) I talk about how many tic - tac - toe boards there are in the entire tic - tac - toe game space .
Using the Erlang function tic_count : report ( ) in tic_count.erl , I put together the following table of all the possible boards in the tic - tac - toe game space .
Number of marks on board Number of winning boards Number of continuing boards Total number of boards Potential number of boards 0 ( 0+0 ) 0 1 1 1 1 ( 1+0 ) 0 3 3 9 2 ( 1+1 ) 0 12 12 72 3 ( 2+1 ) 0 38 38 252 4 ( 2+2 ) 0 108 108 756 5 ( 3+2 ) 21 153 174 1260 6 ( 3+3 ) 21 183 204 1680 7 ( 4+3 ) 58 95 153 1260 8 ( 4+4 ) 23 34 57 630 9 ( 5+4 ) 12 ( ties ) 3 15 126 Totals 135 630 765 6,055
This table treats all rotated and reflected boards as equivalent .
The last - column calculation is explained in original post , where this table first appeared .
The last column shows how many possible boards there are at each ply , not treating rotated and reflected boards as equivalent and NOT PRUNING boards that do n’t appear in the game space .
A board with three - in - a - rows for both X and O is not in the tic - tac - toe game space but is still counted in the last column .
So what are the actual board counts for the game space when you do n’t factor out rotations and reflections ?
The last column above was meant as an estimate , but really it ’s an upper bound .
I assumed it would n’t be too far wrong , but I was n’t sure .
To find out I wrote a simple program .
It ’s in tic_game_space.erl if you want to see it .
It reports the un-rotated / un - reflected board counts as follows .
Number of marks on board Number of winning boards Number of continuing boards Total number of boards Potential number of boards 0 ( 0+0 ) 0 1 1 1 1 ( 1+0 ) 0 9 9 9 2 ( 1+1 ) 0 72 72 72 3 ( 2+1 ) 0 252 252 252 4 ( 2+2 ) 0 756 756 756 5 ( 3+2 ) 120 1140 1260 1260 6 ( 3+3 ) 148 1372 1520 1680 7 ( 4+3 ) 444 696 1140 1260 8 ( 4+4 ) 168 222 390 630 9 ( 5+4 ) 62 ( ties ) 16 78 126 Totals 942 4,536 5,478 6,055
The 9 - mark row tells us there are 16 tied ( cat ) boards possible , including all rotations and reflections as separate boards .
Which means there are 958 final boards ( 942 winning boards and 16 ties ) .
The 4536 in the last row counts all continuing boards , including the initial blank board , and the 16 ties .
Subtracting out the ties tells us there are 4520 boards that are not finished games .
Since there are 6055 possible boards and only 5478 boards in the actual game space , there must be 577 boards with the right number of Xs and Os that you ’ll never see in a legal game of tic - tac - toe .
All have at least 3 Xs and 3 Os. 48 ( 126 – 78 ) have no empty spots .
The reports from tic_game_space.erl provide a little more detail , so I ’ll list them here .
First we instruct the program to treat rotations and reflections as different .
Eshell V5.6.5 ( abort with ^G ) 1 > c( 'c:/src/erlang/tic_game_space' , 1 > {d , no_rotation_relection_collapse} ) .
{ok, tic_game_space} 2 > tic_game_space:report0 ( ) .
Full tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all moves Player 2 : all moves Total number of game paths : 255168 Total number of boards : 5478 Player 1 winning boards : 626 Player 2 winning boards : 316 Player 1 must respond to : 2423 Player 2 must respond to : 2097 Tie boards : 16 Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 2739 Boards produced by player 2 : 2738 ok 3 > tic_game_space:report0 ( ply_overview ) .
Full tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all moves Player 2 : all moves Player 1 moves , leading to ply 1 9 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 2 72 boards ( all continue ) 24 boards lead to ties 48 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 3 252 boards ( all continue ) 138 boards lead to ties 64 boards lead to a win by player 1 50 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 4 756 boards ( all continue ) 136 boards lead to ties 36 boards lead to a win by player 2 584 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 5 1260 boards ( 1140 continuing ) 120 boards won by player 1 264 boards lead to ties 336 boards lead to a win by player 1 540 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 6 1520 boards ( 1372 continuing ) 148 boards won by player 2 200 boards lead to ties 116 boards lead to a win by player 2 1056 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 7 1140 boards ( 696 continuing ) 444 boards won by player 1 200 boards lead to ties 80 boards lead to a win by player 1 416 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 8 390 boards ( 222 continuing ) 168 boards won by player 2 80 boards lead to ties 142 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves ( last move ) 16 tie boards 62 boards won by player 1 ok
These break up board counts between between the first and second player , and report predictions as well as final board totals .
Here is the same report , but treating rotations and reflections the same .
These numbers agree with the first table above , and with the counts reported in the last post .
Eshell V5.6.5 ( abort with ^G ) 1 > c( 'c:/src/erlang/tic_game_space' ) .
{ok, tic_game_space} 2 > tic_game_space:report0 ( ) .
Full tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all moves Player 2 : all moves Total number of game paths : 26830 Total number of boards : 765 Player 1 winning boards : 91 Player 2 winning boards : 44 Player 1 must respond to : 338 Player 2 must respond to : 289 Tie boards : 3
Total number of boards can also be broken down as : Initial board count : 1 Boards produced by player 1 : 383 Boards produced by player 2 : 381 ok 3 > tic_game_space:report0 ( ply_overview ) .
Full tic - tac - toe game space : Player 1 : all moves Player 2 : all moves Player 1 moves , leading to ply 1 3 boards ( all continue to ties )
Player 2 moves , leading to ply 2 12 boards ( all continue ) 5 boards lead to ties 7 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 3 38 boards ( all continue ) 21 boards lead to ties 9 boards lead to a win by player 1 8 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 4 108 boards ( all continue ) 18 boards lead to ties 5 boards lead to a win by player 2 85 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 5 174 boards ( 153 continuing ) 21 boards won by player 1 35 boards lead to ties 46 boards lead to a win by player 1 72 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 6 204 boards ( 183 continuing ) 21 boards won by player 2 27 boards lead to ties 17 boards lead to a win by player 2 139 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves , leading to ply 7 153 boards ( 95 continuing ) 58 boards won by player 1 27 boards lead to ties 12 boards lead to a win by player 1 56 boards lead to a win by player 2 Player 2 moves , leading to ply 8 5 7 boards ( 34 continuing ) 23 boards won by player 2 11 boards lead to ties 23 boards lead to a win by player 1 Player 1 moves ( last move ) 3 tie boards 12 boards won by player 1 ok
These board counts describe the entire tic - tac - toe game space , and include plenty of unlikely and perverse games .
But what if you remove some of these unusual games ?
How much do you reduce the game space ?
I ’ll report on that in the next post .
Next Page →
What is a Whizometer ?
The Whizometer is a revolutionary product that , placed in any standard urinal , accurately measures the speed of Peeing in Miles Per Hour .
Thereby , answering the question ,
How Fast Ya Goin ?
Who needs a Whizometer ?
The Whizometer adds an element of competition and entertainment in the , typically mundane , act of " whizzing " .
Bars , restaurants , Sporting arena , rest stops , university dormitories .... and any facility equipped with a standard urinal , can benefit from this product :
· Improves the cleanliness of your restroom
· Creates lots of Competition and Conversation
· Entertains your customers
Give your male customers something to shoot for .
Give them a Whizometer .
Studies for public restrooms have shown that , when given a target , men instinctively aim at it .
The image of a black fly printed on the porcelain at the center of the urinals back wall at the Schiphol airport in Amsterdam supposedly reduced spillage by 80 percent .
The Whizometer is going to help keep your restroom clean and will provide your customers much much more .
The Whizometer will put the fun back into peeing !
Joe has been pounding them for about two hours and decides it 's time to break the seal .
As he stands and says to the bartender Sam , " I gotta piss like a race horse ! "
Sam is smiling when he says " Prove it , a race horse goes about 45 MPH " .
The competition will make them wonder .
It 's going to make them laugh .
The Whizometer is a simple , high quality product that is inexpensive to operate .
It costs less than $ 0.05 a day .
There are merchandising and promotional opportunities .
Whizolympics
Pissing Contests
CLICK HERE FOR ORDER INFO
G20 world leaders have revealed their communiqué to tackle the global economic crisis .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown announced the $ 1.1 trillion deal as he closed the G20 summit .
Here is a summary of the key points : FINANCIAL REGULATION
A new Financial Stability Board , with a strengthened mandate , will replace the Financial Stability Forum
Financial regulation and oversight will be extended to all financial institutions , instruments and markets
This includes bringing hedge funds within the global regulatory net for the first time
Members are committed to implementing tough new rules on pay and bonuses at a global level
International accounting standards will be set
Credit rating agencies will be regulated in order to remove their conflicts of interest
A common approach to cleaning up banks ' toxic assets has been agreed TAX HAVENS
There will be sanctions against tax havens that do not transfer information on request
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development has published a list of countries assessed by the Global Forum against the international standard for exchange of tax information
IMF Resources available to the International Monetary Fund will be trebled to $ 750bn
This includes a new overdraft facility , or special drawing rights allocation , of $ 250bn
Additional resources of $ 6bn from agreed IMF gold sales will be made available for lending to the poorest countries
The G20 also supports increased lending to the world 's poorest countries of at least $ 100bn by the multilateral development banks GLOBAL TRADE
There will be a commitment of $ 250bn of support for trade finance made over the next two years
This will be made available through export credit and investment agencies , as well as through multilateral development banks
National regulators will be asked to make use of available flexibility in capital requirements for trade finance PROTECTIONISM
The G20 has pledged to resist protectionism
There will be a commitment to naming and shaming countries that breach free trade rules
The G20 will notify the World Trade Organization ( WTO ) of any measures that constrain worldwide capital flows
The G20 has called on the WTO to monitor and report publicly on these undertakings on a quarterly basis FISCAL STIMULUS Although there is no new fiscal stimulus , Gordon Brown said G20 countries are already implementing " the biggest macroeconomic stimulus the world has ever seen " - an injection of $ 5tn by the end of next year
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A new analysis confirms what we already knew - the evolutionary relationships among animals are not simple and the traditional idea that animal evolution has followed a trajectory from simple to complex — from sponge to chordate — had met a dramatic exception in the metazoan tree of life .
But the new study suggests that the so - called " lower " metazoans ( including Placozoa , corals , and jellyfish ) evolved in parallel to " higher " animals ( all other metazoans , from flatworms to chordates ) .
They say that means Placozoans — large amoeba - shaped , multi-cellular animals — have passed over sponges and other organisms as an animal that most closely mirrors the root of this tree of life .
Placozoans were discovered just over 100 years ago , gliding along the glass in laboratory aquariums .
Placozoans are simple animals that lack a nervous system and have only four kinds of somatic cells .
Because they have never been studied in their oceanic home , however , further characterization of this group has been problematic .
The genome of the placozoan species Trichoplax adharens was sequenced in the middle of 2008 by the Trichoplax Genome Consortium team , which was initiated by first author Bernd Schierwater , Director of ITZ , Ecology and Evolution , Tierärztliche Hochschule Hannover in Germany and a research associate at the Museum .
" To make inferences about the origin of Bilaterians — animals with a bilateral symmetry , like humans — earlier studies suggested sponges , ctenophores ( comb jellies ) , or a small , interesting group called Placozoa as the most basal or primitive animal , " says senior author Rob DeSalle , Curator at the Sackler Institute for Comparative Genomics at the American Museum of Natural History .
" But our new analysis implies that the first major event in animal evolution split bilateral animals from all others , and our work firmly places Placozoa as the most primitive of the nonbilaterian animals .
" Maximum Likelihood Phylogenetic Tree of Metazoan Relationships Using the Concatenated Data Matrix .
Node support is based on the best ML tree filtered through 1,000 rapid bootstrap replicates .
Only support values below 100 % are shown .
Bayesian inference supported strongly ( posterior probability = 1.0 ) all nodes with the exception of monophyly of Cnidaria .
The maximum a posteriori and the Bayesian 50 % majority - rule consensus trees disagreed with the best ML tree in supporting a Ctenophora–Anthozoa clade with posterior probability of 0.98 .
Please note that “ Coelenterata ” is not a taxonomic unit , but rather it is a traditional grouping for reasons of convenience .
The alpha shape parameters of the Gamma distribution were 0.507454 and 0.651659 for the nucleotide and amino acid partitions , respectively .
Log-likelihood = −261429.821426 .
From : Concatenated Analysis Sheds Light on Early Metazoan Evolution and Fuels a Modern “ Urmetazoon ” Hypothesis Schierwater B , Eitel M , Jakob W , Osigus HJ , Hadrys H , et al. PLoS Biology Vol. 7 , No. 1 , e20 doi:10.1371 / While several previous studies placed Placozoans at the base of the animal tree of life , these results attracted little attention .
The current research may provide the final word , since the number of traits considered was very large and the resulting phylogeny was supported very strongly .
Researchers lumped data from many different sources , including mitochondrial and nuclear DNA sequences and information about the morphological structure of RNA molecules , to find over 9,400 variable characters that contain parsimony information — the shared , derived traits that help biologists infer the tree of life , or phylogeny .
The phylogeny drawn from the new analysis places Placozoans as basal within the Diptoblasta , a group of animals that includes sponges , comb jellies , jellyfish , corals , and anemones .
This means that sponges and comb jellies , both previously considered candidates for the most basal animal , fall within the clade as more derived than Placozoans and as sister taxa to each other .
Trichoplax .
Credit : W. JakobStudy results also identify a very deep division between the Diptoblasta and the Bilateria / Triploblasta : when looking at all animals , scientists now see that Placozoans and their relatives are in a separate lineage from all other metazoans ( starfish , bivalves , anthropoids , crustaceans and chordates ) .
This means that the nervous system , once thought to have arisen once , must have evolved twice from the DNA that coded for these complex systems ( keeping in mind that while Placozoans and sponges do not have nervous systems , many of the taxa related to them do . )
New Cladogram of Metazoans - tree of life presented in Schierwater , et al. 2009 .
Credit : AMNH" Some people might initially be shocked to see that nerve cells in cnidarians and higher animals ( Bilateria ) , the group of animals that includes humans , evolved independently , " says Schierwater .
" But with this new phylogeny , we can take a closer look at the anatomy of these organisms — and we can see that their nervous systems are not all that similar at the morphological level after all .
" DeSalle agrees .
" It is the underlying genetic tool kit that is similar amongst these basal animals .
Placozoa have all of the tools in their genome to make a nervous system , but they just do n't do it .
" Citation : Schierwater B , Eitel M , Jakob W , Osigus HJ , Hadrys H , et al. ( 2009 ) Concatenated Analysis Sheds Light on Early Metazoan Evolution and Fuels a Modern “ Urmetazoon ” Hypothesis .
PLoS Biol 7 ( 1 ) : e1000020 doi:10.1371/journal.pbio.1000020
MOORHEAD , Minn .  Residents of about 2,700 homes were urged to leave this riverside city on Friday , as the Red River surpassed its highest level in history .
And as volunteers here noted wearily , the river was likely to bloat further on Saturday .
“ This has all been kind of an oddball deal , ” said George Tokheim , 98 , as he sat in his wheelchair inside a school gymnasium that has been turned into a shelter , pondering the airboat ride that took him from his home on Friday .
“ Just last night , we all figured we would tough it out .
But today , everyone seemed to have changed their minds completely . ”
There was no end in sight for those who were advised to leave their homes , including hundreds more in threatened neighborhoods across the river in Fargo , N.D. , and in smaller communities to the south where the houses now poke out of the icy waters like islands .
The Red River is expected to crest on Saturday in Fargo , but it is then expected to sit swollen for days .
Coast Guard workers in boats and helicopters have already rescued more than 80 people in the region .
Who knew , Mr. Tokheim said , when he might leave his cot -filled gymnasium ?
Massive Profits Fueling Rogue Antivirus Market
In the cyber underworld , more and more individuals are generating six - figure paychecks each month by tricking unknowing computer users into installing rogue anti-virus and security products , new data suggests .
One service that exemplifies a very easy way these bad guys can make this kind of money is TrafficConverter.biz , one of the leading " affiliate programs " that pays people to distribute relatively worthless security software .
Affiliates are given a range of links and Javascript snippets they can use to embed the software in hacked and malicious Web sites , or tainted banner advertisements online .
Unsuspecting users who view one of these hacked sites or ads see a series misleading warnings saying their computers are infected with malware , and offering a free scan .
Those who agree are prompted to download a program that conducts a bogus scan and warns of non-existent threats on the user 's system .
The software also blocks the user from visiting legitimate security Web sites .
The user is then pestered with increasingly deceptive and incessant prompts to purchase the software ( see the screen shots above and below for some of the more subtle examples ) .
The user 's system remains in this state until he or she figures out how to remove the software or relents and pays for a license .
At that point , the affiliate responsible for generating that installation is paid by TrafficConverter . biz about $ 30 .
The software is sold for between $ 50 and $ 75 per license .
Whether the distribution of this software violates the law may depend on how it is distributed .
The Federal Trade Commission has taken civil actions against purveyors of this rogue anti-virus software for unfair and deceptive trade practices .
If , however , affiliates are distributing this software via Web sites or PCs that they have hacked , that would be illegal by almost any standards .
TrafficConverter.biz was dismantled on Nov. 29 , 2008 , most likely because the same domain was referenced deep inside the guts of the Conficker worm , a family of malware that is estimated to have infected at least 10 million Microsoft Windows systems .
Prior to site 's demise , security researchers managed to snag a copy of the database for the TrafficConverter affiliate program .
While that data set is incomplete , the information available on the top- earning affiliates helps explain why so many consumers are reporting infections from rogue anti-virus products :
Successful affiliates are making money hand over fist with these programs .
The graphics below show the Top 10 earners in the TrafficConverter program , broken out by earnings over two - week periods from mid-June to mid-August 2008 .
Some of the biggest earners made more than $ 330,000 a month in commissions .
June 16 , 2008 - June 30 , 2008
July 1 , 2008 - July 15 , 2008
July 16 , 2008 - July 31 , 2008
Aug. 1 , 2008 - Aug. 15 , 2008
Joe Stewart , senior malware researcher for SecureWorks , published research late last year showing similarly large profits made by affiliates of Baka Software , another rogue anti-virus distribution program .
Stewart said his analysis of the TrafficConverter affiliate earnings suggests that some of the highest - grossing affiliates declined to have their names and incomes listed on the top stats pages .
" Some of these people also choose to not be on the ' top earners ' list .
I 'm guessing they are earning way too much so it would be discouraging to the lower - level affiliates , " Stewart said .
" They might also be doing money laundering of stolen credit cards instead of relying on victim software installs , which we suspected was going on in the Baka program as well . "
TrafficConverter.biz was also sought by Microsoft Windows systems infected with the first variant of the Conficker worm .
Conficker infected systems were instructed to visit that domain and download a specific file name that suggested it would attempt to install rogue anti-virus software .
By the time Conficker first surfaced , TrafficConverter was nearing the end of a contest in which the top - selling affiliates competed for prizes , such as computers , fancy cell phones and other electronics .
The grand prize ?
A Lexus IS250 , a sports sedan that starts at $ 36,000 .
At first glance , it is tempting to assume that the Conficker worm authors were in league with the operators of TrafficConverter.biz , and thus trying to drive traffic to the site -- perhaps in an attempt to push the contest in favor of one or more affiliates .
On the other hand , this may have been an attempt by the Conficker authors or a competing affiliate program to hinder and ultimately shutter TrafficConverter .biz , either by causing law enforcement and the security community to focus their attention on it , or by flooding the site with traffic from hundreds of thousands of Conficker - infected systems .
And flood the site it did .
According to Stewart 's review of the traffic log files for TrafficConverter.biz , during a 12 - hour period on Nov. 24 , the site was bombarded by more than 83 million hits from at least 179,000 unique Internet addresses .
The traffic from Conficker .
A infected systems to TrafficConverter .biz might have translated into monster installs for affiliates of the site .
Ironically , all of that traffic from Conficker - infected systems appears to have gone to a non-existent page on TrafficConverter .biz , Stewart said .
In short , the site missed a pretty huge opportunity to convert a whole lot of traffic .
Still , had the curators of TrafficConverter .
biz actually placed a file at that link for download , the resulting traffic from 179,000 systems trying to download that file at the same time probably would have crashed the site entirely , Stewart said .
TrafficConverter.biz was forced offline at the end of November , but it was resurrected just a few days later at TrafficConverter2.biz .
The site to this day boasts at least 500 active affiliates , all pushing a new rogue product called Antivirus360 .
What 's more , a new contest -- for luxury goods , including a Mercedes S - Class -- is already underway .
One final observation :
As we noted last month , Microsoft has issued a $ 250,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the individual ( s ) responsible for unleashing the Conficker worm .
I wonder , though , if that amount is at all enticing to any of these affiliates if they know who was responsible , since apparently that kind of money can already be earned in a little more than a month 's time .
Inspired by Earth Day ( and eerily in sync with Julianne ! )
I have been looking for good views of the planet from space .
In fact , two nights ago my TV satellite provider Dish Network launched the Earth Channel , with a 24/7 view of the earth from the EchoStar 11 satellite .
There is also a video with a compressed 24 hour series of stills taken from the camera .
At one point you see the moon passing behind the earth .
Of course since it 's a TV satellite , it 's geosynchronous and you 'll only ever see the western hemisphere .
As far as I can tell , though , you can not get it online anywhere .
And this one is pretty cool .
Even though the image is not very sharp , you can actually control a little web cam on a the Tate satellite , in polar orbit 400 km above the earth ...
Add a focus button !
I cannot seem to get NASA 's ISS webcam stream to work .
Darn .
Too popular ?
Not Mac compatible ?
Sadly , Al Gore 's 1990 's vision of an Earth - viewing satellite , originally called Triana , and later renamed DSCOVR , sits in storage at Goddard , having been built but cancelled in 2006 .
Speaking of which , it appeared for some time that a similar fate awaited Nobel Prize winner Sam Ting 's Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer , designed to search for antimatter ( antihelium nuclei , in fact ) and other things in space .
Construction of the $ 1.5 billion satellite was completed , and it awaits launch at CERN .
An additional , final Space Shuttle mission , STS - 134 , was added to the 2010 NASA schedule .
It was authorized by Congress in the fall but I am not sure if funding has been appropriated yet .
( My money is on Sam Ting , though . )
Anyway , where are the cool views of our planet from space ?
Their grievances were stoked by a young militant , Maulana Fazlullah , who set up an FM radio station in 2004 to appeal to the disenfranchised .
The broadcasts featured easy - to - understand examples using goats , cows , milk and grass .
By 2006 , Mr. Fazlullah had formed a ragtag force of landless peasants armed by the Taliban , said Mr. Hussain and former residents of Swat .
At first , the pressure on the landlords was subtle .
One landowner was pressed to take his son out of an English - speaking school offensive to the Taliban .
Others were forced to make donations to the Taliban .
Then , in late 2007 , Shujaat Ali Khan , the richest of the landowners , his brothers and his son , Jamal Nasir , the mayor of Swat , became targets .
After Shujaat Ali Khan , a senior politician in the Pakistan Muslim League - Q , narrowly missed being killed by a roadside bomb , he fled to London .
A brother , Fateh Ali Mohammed , a former senator , left , too , and now lives in Islamabad .
Mr. Nasir also fled .
Later , the Taliban published a “ most wanted ” list of 43 prominent names , said Muhammad Sher Khan , a landlord who is a politician with the Pakistan Peoples Party , and whose name was on the list .
All those named were ordered to present themselves to the Taliban courts or risk being killed , he said .
“ When you know that they will hang and kill you , how will you dare go back there ? ” Mr. Khan , hiding in Punjab , said in a telephone interview .
“ Being on the list meant ‘ Do n’t come back to Swat . ’ ”
One of the main enforcers of the new order was I bn - e - Amin , a Taliban commander from the same area as the landowners , called Matta .
The fact that Mr. Amin came from Matta , and knew who was who there , put even more pressure on the landowners , Mr. Hussain said .
According to Pakistani news reports , Mr. Amin was arrested in August 2004 on suspicion of having links to Al Qaeda and was released in November 2006 .
Another Pakistani intelligence agent said Mr. Amin often visited a madrasa in North Waziristan , the stronghold of Al Qaeda in the tribal areas , where he apparently received guidance .
The Amazing Rusting Aluminum
Rust can hold an airplane together or dissolve it to bits
President on course to be first leader in a century to win two consecutive terms after exit polls give him 54 % of the vote
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Ecuador was on course to re-elect President Rafael Correa after yesterday 's voting in an emphatic endorsement of his leftwing rule , which would make him the first incumbent in a century to win two consecutive terms .
Exit polls gave the combative and charismatic leader more than 50 % support , far ahead of his presidential rivals and possibly enough to give him a majority in the national assembly .
" This revolution is on the march , and nobody and nothing can stop us , " he told cheering supporters in his home town of Guayaquil .
" The people have given us the most splendid victory of probably the last 50 years . "
Correa , 46 , has shaken up one of South America 's poorest countries by doubling state spending on health care , education , pensions and infrastructure , clashing with the United States and foreign lenders and erecting trade barriers .
The middle - class economist , educated in Belgium and the US , says he is a socialist leading a " citizens ' revolution " .
He is a member of the region 's " pink tide " of leftist leaders and an ally of Venezuela 's president Hugo Chávez .
Critics worry about recession and a looming financial black hole from tumbling oil revenues , as well as repercussions from Correa 's decision last year to default on $ 3.3 bn ( £ 2.2 bn ) of debt he deemed " illegal " .
Opponents also warn of an authoritarian drift under Correa 's aggressive , centralising style of leadership .
After a decade of economic shocks , revolving - door governments and political turmoil , however , most Ecuadoreans seem to welcome the president 's firmness and resolve to tackle poverty .
Most also approved his decision to expel two US diplomats and to not renew the lease on a small US military base .
" We have formal democracy , our great challenge now is to build true democracy , which means a more fair and more equal homeland , " Correa said after voting .
Turnout was expected to be high among the population of 14 million scattered across Pacific coastal ports , Andean mountain villages , Amazon tribes and the Galápagos islands .
Ecuador is so named because it straddles the equator .
To win in the first round Correa needs more than 50 % or at least 40 % with a 10 - point margin over his closest competitor .
Exit polls gave Correa at least 54 % and placed Lucio Gutiérrez , a former president and coup leader , second with 28 % .
Alvaro Noboa , a banana magnate and perennial presidential candidate , was third with 10 % .
Gutiérrez said he would wait for official results before conceding .
Correa , a former finance minister , stormed to power as a political outsider in 2006 .
Booming oil revenues allowed him to double state spending from $ 9.5 bn to $ 21bn in two years and gave him momentum to rewrite the constitution , paving the way for yesterday 's election and the chance to run for two further successive four - year terms .
Before Correa the country earned a reputation as South America 's most turbulent by going through 10 presidents in a decade .
My opinion :
No attacks since 9/11 .
Best economy on the planet .
Anyone who is n't working , does n't want to .
We have in the White House a man of honor who has been happily married to the same woman for 20 + years .
A happy man could be a good leader if given a chance .
His achievements were limited because of bipartisanship and the continued fight over the 2000 election and the failure of the democratic party to accept what 3 independent investigations showed -- the vote was unbelievably close , but Pres .
Bush won .
An Openbox Guide
Contents
1. Introduction
Welcome .
This guide is meant to help you set up and configure the window manager Openbox on Ubuntu ( though much of the information below will also be useful for users of other Linux distributions ) .
This guide is not meant to help you set up a minimal install of Ubuntu with Openbox , though it might be useful for anyone attempting to do that .
I only cover how to set up , configure and use Openbox , and assume you already have Ubuntu up and running , either in a command line install , a normal Ubuntu install , or something in between .
( If you need help with a minimal install of Ubuntu , have a look here and here )
You can use Openbox on its own , or as a window manager in Gnome , KDE or Xfce .
This guide is meant for a stand - alone Openbox set - up .
For help how to use Openbox in one of these desktop environments , have a look at the Openbox website .
You can use both Gtk ( Gnome ) and Qt ( KDE ) applications in Openbox and I have tried to give both equal attention , though there are generally more solutions using Gtk apps than Qt apps .
Openbox is very minimalistic and does little more than manage the windows ( but does that extremely well ! ) .
This often intimidates new users , who may find Openbox too spartan or simplistic .
Rather than being a flaw , Openbox ’ minimalism is actually its strength .
It does n’t come with panels or desktop configuration tools , but , as you will see , there are plenty of applications available that accomplish such tasks very well .
You can pick and choose whatever you like best .
By doing less , Openbox thus gives you more control , and the option to turn your desktop environment into something that is exactly what you like it to be ( or at least close ) .
I mention a lot of applications in the following pages , and often mention some configuration options .
I recommend reading the manual pages of whatever application you are interested in ( open a terminal and type ‘ man nameoftheapplication ‘ ; press ‘ q ’ to exit ) as you ’ll find plenty more options to try out .
The websites of the applications often give helpful guides as well .
If an application has a website , I have linked to it .
Many applications are much more configurable than they initially appear to be !
Explore and settle on the configuration that suits you best .
I have tried to give guidelines for doing things both from the command line and a graphical interface ( using file managers , text editors , etc. ) .
Pick whatever method you prefer .
In the end , they both accomplish the same thing .
For those who may find it useful , I have uploaded my own Openbox configuration files .
You can access the rc.xml file here , and the menu.xml file here .
There is nothing very special about them ( other than that they work for me ) , but I have learned a lot and gathered many ideas from looking at the configuration files of other users ; perhaps you will too .
If you ’ve never used Openbox before and are wondering what it can look like , behold some of my screenshots here .
2. Sources
Most of the information presented here is drawn from other sources .
I am particularly indebted to
Special thanks also to those that have helped me discover Openbox and offered assistance when problems arose : fuscia , K. Mandla , moore .
bryan , bonzodog , ynnhoj , and raublekick ( all from the Ubuntuforums ) , and the folks on the IRC #openbox channel .
A lot of their instructions , guidelines and ideas are incorporated into this guide .
3. Installing Openbox
The latest version of Openbox ( 3.4.7 ) is not in the Ubuntu repositories .
Though it is much easier to install the Openbox version that is in the repositories ( 3.4.6 in Hardy ) , the latest version has plenty of features that make it worth it to do it the ( slightly ) harder way .
Compiling from source is not as hard as it looks , though .
First , you ’ll need to make sure you have installed the proper dependencies that are needed to compile and run Openbox .
To do so , open a terminal and enter the following command :
sudo aptitude install build - essential pkg- config checkinstall sudo apt - get build - dep openbox
The first command will install some basic packages that you need to compile and install applications from source .
I ’ve added checkinstall , as it is a useful tool to install packages compiled from source in Ubuntu .
Checkinstall creates a .deb package and installs that .
This allows you to remove the application very easily using apt or Synaptic .
If you prefer not to use it , leave it out and replace ‘ sudo checkinstall ‘ with ‘ sudo make install ‘ everywhere below .
The second command tells apt , the package manager of Ubuntu , to install all the dependencies that are needed to build Openbox .
Next , download the Openbox source code from the Openbox website , extract the archive and open a terminal in the newly extracted directory .
To do all this from the command line , use the following commands :
wget http://icculus.org/openbox/releases/openbox-3.4.7.2.tar.gz tar xzvf openbox -3.4.7.2.tar.gz cd openbox -3.4.7.2 /
Now you can build and install the package :
./configure -- prefix=/usr -- sysconfdir= /etc make sudo checkinstall
All those commands will produce a lot of output in the terminal .
You can ignore all of it , unless it reports an error in which case only the first error reported is important .
What do these commands actually do ?
The first command checks whether you have all the required dependencies installed and builds a ‘ make ’ file suited to your system .
The ‘ make ’ command builds the source code with the ‘ make ’ file ( which may take a while , so be patient ) , and checkinstall installs that source code using your computer ’s package management software ( apt / dpkg in the case of Ubuntu ) .
On some computers that I have tried to install Openbox in this way , checkinstall would abort ( ‘ chmod : changing permissions of `/usr/lib/libobparser .a ’ :
No such file or directory was the reason given ) .
If you run into this , you should be able to install it with sudo make install ( instead of sudo checkinstall ) .
If you ’d still like a .deb package ( to be able to remove Openbox through apt or Synaptic ) , you should be able to reinstall it with checkinstall after you ’ve installed it with ‘ make install ’ without any difficulties .
If all goes well , Openbox is now installed .
If you use GDM or KDM , you should be able to select Openbox in the sessions menu ( F10 > Sessions ) .
If you have KDE or Gnome installed , you should also see options to use Openbox as a window manager in either desktop environment ( ‘ KDE / Openbox ’ and ‘ Gnome / Openbox ’ ) .
Select Openbox , and login .
Now you can start the configuration .
4. Configuring Openbox
4.1 Menus
The first time you log into Openbox , you ’ll be greeted almost instantly with a blank screen .
This is Openbox .
Right click on the desktop and you will find your root - menu .
Middle click on it and you will have the client - list –combined - menu , which shows all running applications on all desktops .
The ‘ Exit ’ entry on the root - menu is to log out of Openbox ( be aware that it does n’t ask for a confirmation and will automatically kill all running applications ) ; ‘ Reconfigure ’ reconfigures Openbox , which you will need to do to apply changes you made to your configuration files .
The default menu in Openbox is very bare and empty , but editing the menu is relatively easy , so do n’t despair !
First of all , copy the default menu.xml file , found in / etc / xdg / openbox / , to the Openbox configuration folder in your home directory , / home / USERNAME/.config/openbox/ .
This last directory is where all your configuration files for Openbox will be stored , so remember the location !
You can copy the file using the file manager of your choice , or using the terminal by entering the following command :
cp /etc/xdg/openbox/menu.xml ~/.config/openbox/menu.xml
Now you can open the menu file ( texteditorofyourchoice ~/.config/openbox/menu.xml in the terminal ) and start editing it à volonté .
Editing the root - menu is very simple and straightforward , and is done by editing this single file .
To make things even easier you can use Obmenu , a graphical application to edit the Openbox menu .
Obmenu is in the Hardy and Gutsy - backports repositories .
Use the following command to install it :
sudo aptitude install obmenu
Unfortunately , Obmenu is not any other Ubuntu repository .
If you are using a version older than Gutsy , you ’ll have to build it from the source code .
First install its dependencies :
sudo aptitude install python2.5 python - glade2 python-gtk2
Now download the source code from the Obmenu website .
Extract the package and move into newly extracted Obmenu directory with the terminal .
tar xzvf ~/ obmenu - 1.0.tar.gz
cd obmenu - 1.0
Install the application with the following command :
sudo python setup.py install
Once it is installed , you can start Obmenu with the command ‘ obmenu ’ .
Once it is loaded , you can edit your menu by clicking a few buttons and typing the entries of your choice .
It could n’t be easier !
Here is what Obmenu looks like :
If you want to have all the applications installed on your computer to appear in your menu , you could use Menumaker .
Download the source code , unpack the archive and move into the extracted directory with the terminal
tar xzvf menumaker - 0.99.7.tar.gz cd menumaker *
You can install Menumaker with the usual commands (./ configure , make and sudo checkinstall ) , but you can also run it without installing with the following command :
./ mmaker OpenBox3
( If you installed menumaker , run it with the command mmaker OpenBox3 ) .
You should now have a full menu available .
Note that Menumaker will not overwrite existing menu.xml files .
If you have already changed your menu.xml file , you ’ll need to back it up , remove it , and then add the changes to the new menu.xml file Menumaker created , or force Menumaker to overwrite any existing file with the -f flag ( mmaker -f OpenBox3 ) .
If you would like to use the Debian menu in Openbox , follow the instructions found here .
Be creative with the menus , and make your life easier !
You can enter basically any command in the command part .
If the application needs administrative privileges ( such as Synaptic ) , add ‘ gksudo ’ before the application command and you will be asked to give your password before you can run the program .
You can create submenus for wallpapers , using Feh ( see below ) ; add entries to change configuration files ( TEXTEDITOR “ / path/to/text / file ” ) or to open certain folders ( FILEMANAGER “ / directory / of / choice ” ) ; you can add entries to back up documents ( cp - a /original /directories / destination / directory ) ; etc .
If you like entries to turn off applications , such as panels or conky , you can create a new entry with the following command : killall nameoftheapplication .
You can also use ‘ pipe menus ‘ , menus that are automatically generated every time you select them .
There are pipe menus available for Gnome ’s ‘ Places ’ , Gmail , rss feeds , mpd players , changing of themes , setting wallpapers , and much more .
You can find several pipe menus and installation instructions here .
When you edit your menu.xml file manually make sure to ‘ Reconfigure ’ Openbox ( in the root - menu ) so the changes become visible .
Obmenu should do so automatically when you ‘ Save ’ the menu you are working on .
If your menu file contains broken xml code , Obmenu will not start .
When you launch it in the terminal , you ’ll get an error message that ends with a line like this : xml.parsers.expat.ExpatError : not well - formed ( invalid token ) followed by the line of the menu.xml file that contains the error .
Luckily Openbox 3.4.7 warns you whenever it starts or reconfigures when your menu and configuration files contain errors .
You can also create custom menus , that can be launched separately from the root menu .
For more info on this , see the Openbox documentation .
Note that , unlike Fluxbox or Icewm , Openbox does not support icons in the menus .
4.2 Obconf
Once Openbox is installed and your menus are set up to your liking , you can configure Openbox further .
All of the Openbox ’s configuration is done in the rc.xml file in /home / USERNAME/.config/openbox .
You can edit this file manually , in your chosen text editor , but you can also use Obconf to change many of the settings in that file .
The latest version of Obconf is in the Hardy ( and Gutsy - backports ) repositories , but you wo n’t be able to use it , as it has been compiled for the older versions of Openbox .
You will , in other words , have to build it yourself from source .
Note that if you already you have Obconf installed you will also need to recompile it to be able to use it with the latest version of Openbox .
Download the source code , extract the files and move the terminal into extracted directory .
To do so from the command line , type the following :
wget http://icculus.org/openbox/obconf/obconf-2.0.3.tar.gz tar xzvf obconf -2.0.3.tar.gz cd obconf -2.0.3
Compile Obconf as follows :
PKG_CONFIG_PATH=/usr/local/lib/pkgconfig
./ configure – prefix= / usr make sudo checkinstall
Once Obconf is installed , run the following commands in the terminal to associate the .obt file type ( used by Openbox theme files ) with Obconf :
update - mime - database /usr / share / mime update - desktop - database /usr / share / applications
You can then run Obconf with the command ‘ obconf ’ .
Here is what it looks like :
The many options in Obconf should be fairly straightforward .
The dock of the rightmost tab is the place where you can load ‘ dock apps ’ , such as system trays , launchers , pagers , clocks , etc. ( more info about these below ) .
4.3 Keyboard bindings , mouse bindings , and application settings
Not all settings in the rc.xml file can ( at present ) be changed with Obconf .
You ’ll have to edit the rc.xml file for those .
Keyboard bindings
Openbox makes it very easy to assign particular key combinations ( keyboard bindings ) to particular commands ( such as launching an application , showing a menu , or switching to a particular workspace ) .
These bindings can be added or edited in the “ keyboard ” section of the rc.xml file .
Here are some example settings :
1. For an application or command , using Thunar as an example :
< keybind key= " A - F4 " >
< action name = " Execute " >
< execute > thunar </ execute >
</action >
</keybind >
2 . For a menu , using the root - menu as an example :
< keybind key= " A - F1 " >
< action name = " ShowMenu " >
< menu>root - menu</menu >
</action >
</keybind >
3 . For switching to a particular workspace :
< keybind key = " A - 1 " >
< action name = " Desktop " >
< desktop>1</desktop >
</action >
</keybind >
A= Alt , C= Control , W= Windows key .
Escape= escape key , Delete= delete key .
If you want to use a particular key , but are unsure of its name , you can use xev to find out what it is called : type xev into a terminal and then press the key you want to use .
A lot of information will appear ; you need what comes after ‘ keycode ’ .
To assign two ( or more ) commands to a single keybinding , you ’ll have to use the following syntax :
< keybind key= " A - F4 " >
< action name = " execute " >
< command > thunar </ command >
</action >
< action name = " execute " >
< command > osdctl -s ' Thunar ' < / command >
</action >
</keybind >
This will launch the file manager Thunar and prompt osdsh to display the text “ Thunar ” on my screen .
For more information on keybindings , have a look at the Openbox documentation .
If you ’re insterested in my keybindings , have a look at this post .
Mouse bindings
The next section in the rc.xml file concerns the mouse .
It governs the things that happen when you click , drag or press a particular mouse button in a particular area .
For more information , have a look at the Openbox documentation .
For some examples of what you can do with both keybindings and mousbindings , have a look here .
Applications
At the end of the file , you will find settings that affect the way applications are run .
For example , if you want your terminal only to appear on workspace 2 , or would like xclock to always hide its window decorations , or you want orage to skip the taskbar , or you would like to combine several of these actions for one application , you can set these settings here .
Here is an example :
< application name= " xfce4- terminal " >
< desktop>3</desktop >
< layer > below </ layer >
< decor>no</ decor >
< maximized >yes </ maximized >
</application >
Everytime you now run xfce4 - terminal , it will open on workspace 3 , maximized , without window decorations , but below all other applications .
If you want remove all window decorations , you can use the following settings :
< application class= " * " >
< decor>no</ decor >
</application >
For more info , read this
When you change your rc.xml file make sure to ‘ Reconfigure ’ Openbox ( in the root - menu ) so the changes take effect .
The changes made through Obconf should appear immediately .
5 . Themes
5.1 Openbox themes and fonts
Changing the theme for Openbox is very simple .
Open Obconf , and select the theme of your choice .
To install new themes , you can either use the option in Obconf to install an .obt archived theme , or just extract the theme archive to /home / USERNAME /. themes and then select the theme in Obconf ( you ’ll have to restart Obconf if it was running before you copied the theme files there ) .
Alternatively , you can edit the rc.xml file manually to change the theme ( search for “ theme ” ) .
Good places to find more Openbox themes are Box-look.org and Freshmeat.org .
There is also a package called openbox - themes in the Ubuntu repositories that contains a large number of Openbox themes .
You can easily create or modify your own Openbox themes .
For more info on this , have a look at the theme options .
To change the font used by Openbox ( in the window decorations , menus , and on - screen - display , you can use Obconf ( under the second tab ‘ Appearance ’ )
5.2 Gtk themes , fonts and icons in Openbox
When you start Openbox , you will notice that your Gtk applications use the default ( ‘ ugly ’ ) grey theme and icons and the default font .
There are several ways in which you can change the Gtk themes in Openbox :
1. Use LXappearance , Gtk - theme - switch or Gtk-chtheme
LXappearance , Gtk - theme - switch and Gtk-chtheme are three small applications that enable you to change the Gtk themes and fonts .
Of these three , LXappearance has the most options : it can set the Gtk themes , fonts and icons .
Gtk - chtheme is a little more polished than Gtk - theme - switch , though Gtk - theme - switch allows you to change both Gtk - 1.2 themes ( using ‘ switch ’ as command ) and Gtk - 2.0 themes ( using the command ‘ switch2 ’ ) .
Both allow you to change the Gtk theme and font , but neither allows you to change the icon theme , for which you will have to use the second method ( below ) .
All three offer a preview window .
They save the theme information in the ~/.gtkrc - 2.0 file ( see below ) .
Gtk-chtheme and Gtk - theme - switch are in the Gutsy and Hardy repositories .
Earlier versions of Ubuntu only have Gtk - theme - switch in the repositories .
LXappearance can be downloaded from Sourceforge.net .
2 . Use the gtkrc -2.0 and gtkrc.mine files
You can force all Gtk applications to use a particular theme , icon and font by specifying those in the /home / USERNAME /.gtkrc -2.0 and /home / USERNAME/.gtkrc.mine files .
To specify a Gtk theme , add the following to your ~/.gtkrc - 2.0 file ( create it if it does n’t exist ) :
# -- THEME AUTO -WRITTEN DO NOT EDIT include " / path/to/your/themes/gtkrc/ file " include " /home/USERNAME/.gtkrc.mine "
# -- THEME AUTO -WRITTEN DO NOT EDIT
For themes you installed in your home directory , the path to your gtkrc file is generally / home / USERNAME / .
themes / THEMENAME/gtk-2.0/gtkrc.
For themes installed system - wide ( as with themes installed through Synaptic or apt - get ) , this is /usr / share / themes / THEMENAME / gtk-2.0/gtkrc
In this file , you can also specify what font or icon theme Gtk applications should use .
If you use Gtk- chtheme or Gtk - theme - switch ( as in the first method ) it is best to specify your icon and font details in the ~/.gtkrc.mine file ( in /home / USERNAME / ) , though , as changing the theme with these applications overrides the settings in the ~/.gtkrc - 2.0 file , but leaves the ~/.gtkrc. mine untouched .
Make sure you specify the path to your ~/.gtkrc.mine in your ~/.gtkrc - 2.0 ( as shown above ) and add the following to that file ( create it if it does n’t exist yet ) :
style " Sans " { font_name = " Sans 10 " } widget_class " * " style " Sans " gtk - font - name = " Sans 10 " gtk-icon - theme - name = " nameoficontheme " gtk-toolbar - style = GTK_TOOLBAR_ICONS
Change ‘ Sans ’ and ’ 10 ’ with the font name and size of your choice .
Make sure the name of your icon theme matches the name of the folder where they are stored , either in /home / USERNAME /.icons or /usr / share / icons / , or it will not display .
The last line allows you to change the toolbar style of Gtk applications .
You can choose from the following options ( you can remove the comments ) :
gtk-toolbar- style = GTK_TOOLBAR_ICONS
# Only icons gtk- toolbar - style = GTK_TOOLBAR_TEXT
# Only text gtk - toolbar - style = GTK_TOOLBAR_BOTH
# Both icons and text ; default , used if nothing is specified .
gtk-toolbar-style = GTK_TOOLBAR_BOTH_HORIZ
# Icons and text next to the icons
If you want smaller icons in the toolbar , add the following line :
gtk-toolbar-icon-size = GTK_ICON_SIZE_SMALL_TOOLBAR
If unspecified , the icons in the toolbar will be large .
For more Gtk options , see the Gtk+ Reference Manual
If you want to easily change or add keyboard shortcuts ( accelerators ) to entries in the menus of Gtk applications by pressing the new keybinding while you select the menu entry , add the following to that file :
gtk-can-change-accels = 1
Note that the settings in the ~/.gtkrc - 2.0 file will affect all Gtk applications run with your username , even when logged in another window manager or desktop environment .
3 . Use the Xfce settings
If you add ‘ xfce - mcs - manager & ’ to your autostart file ( see below ) , all Gtk applications will use the Gtk theme , icons and fonts specified in the Xfce settings dialog .
To change these , just start ‘ xfce- setting - show ’ and change everything you want .
( To make things easy , add an entry in your Openbox menu for this )
Note that these changing these settings will also change your Gtk settings in Xfce .
4 . Use the Gnome settings .
If you add ‘ gnome - settings - daemon & ’ to your autostart file ( see below ) , all Gtk applications will use the Gtk theme , icons and fonts specified in the Gnome settings dialog .
To change these , just start ‘ gnome - control - panel ’
( To make things easy , add an entry in your Openbox menu for this ) .
Gnome - settings - daemon will also set your wallpaper .
If you prefer gnome - settings - daemon not to handle this , you can disable this with gconf - editor , under / apps/gnome_settings_daemon/plugins /background / active ( untick the box ) , or with the following command :
gconftool - 2 -- set /apps/gnome_settings_daemon/plugins/background/active -- type bool False
Gnome - settings - daemon controls more than just the Gtk theme and the wallpaper : it also governs keyboard settings , mouse settings , etc .
Gnome - settings - daemon will therefore override any changes you try to make to these settings with commands like xset in your autostart.sh file , though you can change those settings through gconf - editor .
Note also that these changing the settings of gnome - settings - daemon will also change your Gtk settings in Gnome .
5.3 Qt themes and icons in Openbox
To control and change the theme settings of Qt or KDE applications , you can use Qt3- qtconfig ( for Qt3 ) or Qt4-qtconfig ( for Qt4 ) .
It allows you to change the Qt theme and fonts .
The theme configuration options it offers are rather limited , though , and you can also not use it to change the icon theme .
For more control , you ’ll have to rely on the robust Kcontrol , which governs every KDE setting ( but note that this carries some heavy dependencies ! ) .
Qt themes are more complex than Gtk themes , and are therefore harder to change through text files than Gtk themes are .
But if you want to edit the Qt theme settings manually , you can do so in ~/.qt/qtrc .
In that folder , you can also specify or edit the Qt theme engine settings .
You can change the icons in ~/.kde/share/config/kdeglobals .
5.4 More on Fonts
Earlier I mentioned how you can set the Openbox , Gtk and Qt fonts , but if you do n’t use gnome - settings - daemon or xfce- mcs - manager , these fonts could look rather ugly .
How can you have sharper , antialiased fonts without the use of these daemons ?
The font configuration for X is done through a single xml file , either /etc/ fonts / fonts.conf ( default , system - wide ) or in ~/.fonts.conf ( you can create this file if it does n’t exist yet ) .
The Arch Linux Wiki has an excellent page detailing what to do with this file ; at the bottom of that page , you ’ll also find a sample fonts .
conf file you can experiment with .
If you want to use the artwiz fonts in your Gtk , Qt or Openbox themes , this post will help you install these fonts .
5.5 Mouse cursor themes
What do you do when you want to change the mouse cursor theme ?
You can do this in two ways : system - wide , or for a single user .
If you install an X cursor theme , such as dmz - cursor - theme , system - wide ( in /usr / share / icons ) you can change the default X cursor theme with the command : sudo update - alternatives –config x-cursor - theme , which will show you a list of available cursor themes .
Select the one you like , and when you restart X the new cursor theme should be used .
The same is also accomplished if you edit /usr / share / icons / default / index .
theme and add or adjust the following lines ( using the cursor theme DMZ - White as an example ) :
[ Icon Theme ] Inherits =DMZ -White
You can also specify the mouse cursor theme in /home / USERNAME / .
Xdefaults to change the theme for a single user only .
To change the mouse cursor theme in this way , add the following to that file :
Xcursor.theme:NAMEOFTHETHEME
Xcursor.size : SIZE #optional
Change the mouse Xcursor .
theme to whatever your preferred theme is named .
Some cursor themes support can display more than one size ; if you use such a theme , you can specify the size with the second line ( normal sizes are 32 , 48 or 64 ) .
If the cursor theme only has a single size , this line is meaningless .
You can install cursor themes in /home / USERNAME/.icons or /usr / share / icons / .
Make sure the name you specify in ~/. Xdefaults matches the name of the folder the theme is stored in ( as always case sensitive ) .
When you restart X , the new cursor theme should be applied .
If you prefer graphical tools , you could try out gcursor , a Gtk application to change cursor themes ( with previews ) .
6. Autostarting applications
To start applications automatically when Openbox starts is very simple .
You can achieve this by editing the autostart file .
If you have n’t done so already , create a file called autostart.sh in /home / USERNAME/.config/openbox .
In this file you can add any applications that you want to be started whenever openbox - session is started .
If you do not have such a file in >/.config/openbox /
Openbox will launch the default system - wide autostart.sh script , located at / etc /xdg / openbox / .
The default autostart file loads quite a lot .
If sets a plain colour background , loads either gnome - settings - daemon or xfce- mcs - manager if you have them installed to govern your wallpaper and Gtk settings , and launches kdeinit if you have KDE installed so that your KDE applications start faster .
If you desire , you can start the default autostart file with the following command : .$ GLOBALAUTOSTART &.
I generally build up my own autostart.sh file and load only those things that I need .
Here is what a typical autostart.sh file on my computer looks like :
numlockx on &
. HOME /. fehbg &
docker &
lal &
bbpager &
gtodo &
Make sure that you have a & after each entry , or any program after it will not run !
If you want your disks and removable media to be mounted automatically , you can use Thunar ’s volume manager ( thunar - volman ) , gnome - volume - manager ( as in the above example ) , or ivman using the command “ ivman & ” .
If you use Thunar as your file manager , thunar - volman is the lightest as it does n’t require an extra daemon running but is activated automatically whenever you run Thunar .
If you want Thunar to load faster , you can launch it as a daemon with this file using the command thunar – daemon & .
If an application mentioned in your autostart.sh file does not load when you start Openbox , you might want to try moving it up or down in the list .
Sometimes an application loads best before or after another application is loaded .
You can also use the ‘ sleep ‘ option , and force the application to wait some seconds before loading .
This is especially useful for panels , which can easily pull Openbox down if they do not load properly .
Here is an example :
( sleep 3 && pypanel ) &
Pypanel will now load with a delay of three seconds , i.e. after Openbox has fully loaded .
If you use the Xfce or Gnome settings for your Gtk themes , you ’ll want to add either of the following two lines as well :
gnome - settings - daemon & xfce-mcs - manager &
The above example illustrates how to set the wallpaper using Feh ( see infra ) .
If you prefer to use Nitrogen , add this command :
nitrogen -- restore &
If you run a lot of KDE applications in Openbox , it might be worth it to add the following to your autostart list :
kdeinit &
If you ’d like your dockapps to start in a particular order , read this .
Note that when you use Openbox as a window manager in Gnome , KDE or Xfce , Openbox ’s autostart.sh file is not used .
You ’ll have to use the autostart options of the desktop environment you are using .
7. Managing the Desktop — Wallpapers and Icons
7.1 Wallpapers
Openbox itself does not manage the desktop , but using other applications , you can set your wallpaper in many different ways .
I will illustrate two methods here at length – Feh and Nitrogen – as these are the most popular , More are mentioned at the end of this section .
7.1.1 Wallpapers with Feh
Feh is a very fast and light image viewer that is also capable of setting the wallpaper .
This is a simple method , but my favourite .
First we need to install Feh :
sudo aptitude install feh
Once you have Feh installed , you can set a wallpaper with Feh using one of the following commands :
To scale the image :
feh -- bg- scale “ / path/to/image ”
To tile the image :
feh -- bg- tile “ / path/to/image ”
To centre the image :
feh -- bg-center “ / path/to/image ”
If you use Feh also as an image viewer , open the image , right click on it and go to File > Background and select your preferred option .
If you use Thunar , you can also create a custom action ( Edit > Configure custom action > ) .
Create a new action called ‘ Set as Background ’ and use the following command : feh –bg - scale %f ( or tile / center / etc. ) and select ‘ Image files ’ in the ‘ Appearance condition ’ tab .
Now you ’ll just have to right click on an image file in Thunar and select the ‘ Set as Background ’ .
To make sure Feh loads the wallpaper again when you start Openbox , add this to your autostart file ( see above ) :
. HOME /. fehbg &
If you would like to use a graphical user interface in combination with Feh , you can use CWallpaper or the simpler Oboinus .
For more information on CWallpaper , have a look here ( little over half way down ) .
7.1.2 Wallpapers with Nitrogen
Nitrogen is graphical application that allows you set a desktop wallpaper , and it provides previews of the wallpapers .
Nitrogen is only in the Ubuntu repositories from Intrepid onwards .
If you use an earlier version of Ubuntu you can easily build it from source .
First you ’ll have to install the dependencies :
sudo aptitude install libgtkmm -2.4-dev libgtk2.0-dev libglib2.0-dev
Download the latest version of Nitrogen here .
Extract the archive , configure , make and install :
tar - xzvf nitrogen - 1.4.tar.gz cd nitrogen - 1.4 ./ configure -- prefix= '/usr ' make sudo checkinstall
To run the application use the command ‘ nitrogen / path / to / your /wallpapers / directory ’ , and select the wallpaper you like .
To restore the last used wallpaper when you log into Openbox , add this to your autostart file :
nitrogen -- restore &
7.1.3 Other tools
There are other applications as well you can use to set a desktop wallpaper , such as hsetroot , Habak , or xli .
See this post for more information .
7.2 Icons on the desktop
To have icons on the desktop , you can use iDesk , though it only supports launchers .
There is a graphical configuration tool for iDesk available , called iDesktools that should make using iDesk even simpler , but I ’ve never managed to get it to work properly .
Others , though , have had more success .
If you want the files and directories that are in your / home / USERNAME / Desktop / folder to show on the desktop , you can use a file manager that draws the desktop , such as PCMan - FM , Rox-filer , or Gnome ’s Nautilus .
Note that when some file managers , like Nautilus , draw the desktop you will also lose your right and middle click Openbox menus on the desktop .
8. Panels and the like
Unlike Fluxbox , Blackbox or Icewm , Openbox does not come with a panel .
If you do want to use a panel , you ’ll have to add one yourself , but , since you have a wide selection of panels to choose from , this allows you to have everything just the way you want it .
8.1 Panels
The following are some panels that are popular with Openbox users :
Pypanel : A very minimalistic panel , that is light and quite configurable .
Supports launchers , a system tray , a clock with time and / or date , and a workspace indicator .
I give some tips on what to do with Pypanel in this post .
Fbpanel : A light panel with many plug-ins ( pagers , task bar , menu , clock , etc. ) that follows your Gtk theme and supports transparency .
You can run two panels at the same time ( top & bottom ) , Gnome - style .
Lxpanel : A light panel with all the things that normally come with a panel .
Lxpanel is similar to fbpanel , but easier to configure .
It is part of the the LXDE project .
Perlpanel :
As the name suggests , perlpanel is written in perl .
It is heavier on resources than the above mentioned panels , but has a lot of extensions that can be loaded .
BMpanel : A lightweight panel with a taskbar , system tray , desktop switcher and a clock .
The panel is themeable .
It is based on fspanel , which is no longer developed .
Barpanel : A themeable panel with lots of plugins and nice menus .
It is a continuation of Foopanel .
I ’ve had some issues with this panel ( it only showed up on one workspace ) , but others seemed to have had more luck with it .
Xfce4 - panel :
The panel that is used in Xfce .
Everything will work in Openbox , including all the applets ( clocks , pagers , launchers , etc. ) , except for the power options ( shut down , restart , etc. ) .
Gnome - panel : The panel that is used in Gnome .
Everything will work in Openbox , including all the applets ( clocks , pagers , launchers , etc. ) , except for the power options ( shut down , restart , etc. ) .
Kicker :
The panel that is used in KDE .
Everything will work in Openbox , including all the applets ( clocks , pagers , launchers , etc. ) , except for the power options ( shut down , restart , etc. ) .
8.2 Task lists
There are also some applications that offer only a task list :
Tint2 : Tint2 is a continuation of Tint task manager , a text - only task list that is very configurable in looks .
Tint2 added more configuration options , as well as a clock to it .
It seems launcher icons are also planned for future releases .
visibility : Visibility is a simple icon - box task list .
A python / gtk version is also available , which will follow your Gtk2 theme .
Instead or in addition of a task list , you can also use Skippy , a full - screen task - switcher that shows you the ( non-iconified ) windows that are running in your current workspace .
8.3 System trays
For an system system tray / notification area , you can either use those that come with one of the above panels , or a stand - alone system tray ( some of with can appear in Openbox ’ dock ) .
There are several of these available :
docker : A very simple and very light system tray that runs in the dock .
It is my favourite system tray : does what it needs to do well , without any complications .
peksystray : A system tray that appears in the dock , and is a bit more configurable than docker .
stalonetray : A stand alone tray , that is somewhat configurable , and can be placed in the dock ( if you run it in the withdrawn mode : stalone -w )
trayer : A lightweight GTK2 - based system tray , extracted from fbpanel ‘s code .
It supports transparency .
If you use Gkrellm , you can use the gkrellm trayicons plugin to add a system tray to it .
8.4 Launchers and docks
If you want icons to launch the programs of your choice , here is what you can use ( besides panels with launchers ) :
Wbar :
Wbar is a quick launch bar that is fairly configurable .
It does n’t autohide ( yet ) , so do n’t spend hours looking for that option .
WMdrawer : A drawer with launchers that goes in the dock .
Like most dockapps , it is quite ugly with its default settings , but its looks can easily be changed .
Apwal : A simple icon -box application launcher .
It is quite neat and fast and gives you quick ( graphical ) access to whatever commands you configure .
Tablaunch : A quick launch bar that is configurable and remains hidden when not used .
It is based on yeahlaunch .
Simdock : A light and customizable dock , that does n’t require compositing to work .
It seems still in early stages of development , but is functional .
Tabble : Tabble is “ a small alternative X shell which presents your programs in tabs for easy launch ” ( have a look at the picture on the website ; that will explain better what Tabble actually is ) .
You can use it as a light - weight graphical menu , if you add it to your panel .
BBDock : BBDock is an application launcher that loads into the dock .
You can configure it so that clicking on already launched icons will raise the corresponding application instead of invoking a new instance .
The default size of the icons ( no matter what size your image file is ) is 64×64 .
If you ’d like it smaller , read this post
Docks that require compositing , such as Avant - window - navigator , Cairo dock , or Kooldock , can be used in Openbox with xcompmgr ( see below ) .
( Since a lot of new users ( including me ! ) are terribly confused by this , let me clarify : the Openbox ‘ dock ’ ( which is configured through Obconf ) is nothing like these docks .
It is a place where dockapps are loaded , and that is its only use .
Have a look here for more information . )
8.5 Pagers
For pagers , you can either use a panel that has a pager , or use a standalone pager .
Here are a few standalone pagers :
Obpager : Obpager is a pager specifically designed for Openbox .
I ’ve never liked it , as I find the pager squares too big , but tastes vary .
It is in the repositories .
Netwmpager : Netwmpager is a simple pager application that can be run on the desktop or on top of all other windows .
It is my favourite pager .
Its size , colours and basic behaviour can be changed in a simple text file .
Netwmpager supports transparency if xcompmgr is running .
You can download it here .
Ipager : A transparent pager with some nice touches .
It has an ( optional ) mouse - over effect , and its colour and size can be configured .
It is not in the Ubuntu repositories , and despite what the website says , you do n’t need Fluxbox installed to compile this .
BBpager : This is the Blackbox pager .
BBpager can run in the dock , and allows some basic configuration : it can use whatever colours and size you want it to use , and the number of rows and columns can be changed .
It is in the repositories .
Minipager : A very minimilastic pager that represents the desktops as very small coloured squares .
8.6 Clocks
If you want to know what time it is in Openbox , you again have plenty of choice .
Use a panel that has a clock to display the time Use conky or gkrellm to display the time ( If you want conky to remain always visible , you could adjust Openbox ’s margin settings in Obconf )
Use a dock app .
There are several clocks available that you can load into Openbox ’ dock .
The best available , in my opinion , is Lal , a great simple dock clock that is light , and somewhat configurable .
You can also use bbtime and / or bbdate , two very simple Blackbox apps that display the time and date respectively ; if you run them in a withdrawn mode ( ‘ bbtime - w ’ or ‘ bbdate - w ’ ) they will appear in the dock .
There are also several WindowMaker dockapps available , though most are ugly .
Have a look here and here .
Use xclock .
To make it more attractive , you can configure its colours and looks ( have a look at ‘ man xclock ‘ ) , and set it to display without window decorations ( change the settings in Openbox ’ rc.xml file ) .
Use a desklet .
Both gdesklets and adesklets have clock desklets .
Display the time in the root menu of Openbox : use the pipe menu mentioned in this thread on the Ubuntuforums Use Osdsh to display the time .
Use the command osdctl -c 1 and osdctl -c 0 to turn the clock on and off .
Run osdshconfig to configure colours , fonts and position on the screen .
Place a clock next to your computer . 🙂
9 . Shadows , Fade - in / out menus , and more fancy stuff
9.1 Shadows and Fading menus
If you thought that drop shadows , fading menus and true transparency were only possible in heavyweight desktop environments , here is a surprise .
All of this is possible in Openbox ( provided your hardware supports it – check this thread first ) when you use xcompmgr .
Here is how you do it :
Install xcompmgr through Synaptic or apt :
sudo aptitude install xcompmgr
Enable compositing in your Xorg file .
Open a terminal and open the Xorg file :
sudo your_text_editor
/etc/X11/xorg.conf
and add the following to the end of the file :
Section " Extensions " Option " Composite " " Enable " EndSection
Save and close the file .
You ’ll now have to restart X ( the graphical environment ) .
Make sure you have everything saved that is still open , and press Ctrl + Alt + Backspace .
You will be back at your login screen .
Once you are back in Openbox , you can start using xcompmgr .
You have plenty of options to experiment with .
Have a look at jdong ’s thread about xcompmgr on the Ubuntuforums ; you ’ll find it very useful in finding the right xcompmgr settings for you ( drop shadows , acceleration , fading menus , etc. ) .
I prefer the following settings , which only displays drop shadows :
xcompmgr - cC -t - 3 -l -5 -r5
Xcompmgr is quite light .
The above settings consume about 1 - 2 MB on my laptop .
If you ’d like a pipe - menu to control xcompmgr from your Openbox menu , this will make you happy .
Xcompmgr may interfere with conky .
You ’ll need the following settings in your ~/. conkyrc file to run conky and xcompmgr together without any issues :
own_window yes own_window_transparent yes own_window_type desktop own_window_hints undecorated , below , sticky ,skip_taskbar, skip_pager double_buffer yes
9.2 Transparency
But what about true transparency ?
For that you ’ll need an additional application : transset .
Install the application :
sudo aptitude install transset
Make sure xcompmgr is running , and then run transset by typing :
transset
Your cursor will change , and the next window you click on will become transparent .
You can change the level of transparency by adding a value after the command ( 0 is fully transparent , 1 is fully opaque ) :
transset .4
If you want to bind transset to the scroll button on your mouse , you ’ll need transset - df .
It is not in the repositories , so you ’ll have to compile it from source .
Download the source code here , extract it and install it :
tar xzvf transset - df - 6.tar.gz cd transset - df - 6 make sudo checkinstall
You can bind transset to the mouse wheel ( thanks K.Mandla ) if you add the following to your rc.xml in the mousebind section ( make sure you have n’t assigned the mouse binding to something else already )
< mousebind button = " C - Up " action = " Click " >
< action name= ” Execute ” >
< execute > transset - df -p --inc 0.2 </ execute >
</action > </ mousebind >
< mousebind button = " C - Down " action = " Click " >
< action name= ” Execute ” >
< execute > transset - df -p --min 0.2 -- dec 0.2</execute >
</action ></ mousebind >
The first of these makes Ctrl +mousewheel - up on the titlebar of a window increase the opacity of the window , the second makes the window grow more transparent when you do Ctrl + mousewheel - down on the titlebar of the window .
9.3 Desktop cubes
If you like desktop - cubes ( when you change the workspace ) , you can play around with 3ddesktop .
Install it :
sudo aptitude install 3ddesktop
Add the preferred keybindings to the rc.xml file ( Ctrl + Alt + Left and Right Arrows , or whatever else you like to use to change workspaces ) , and use the command 3ddesk .
Note that it does n’t run too well if you are on older hardware or have limited RAM , especially when used with xcompmgr and transset .
10 . File Managers
You can use any file manager you like in Openbox .
Thunar , PCMan - FM , Rox-filer , Xfe , or Nautilus seem to be popular graphical file managers with Openbox users .
If you are a KDE fan , you can also use your favourite KDE file manager : Konqueror , Dolphin and Krusader all run fine in Openbox .
If you want to use Nautilus , make sure it does n’t draw the desktop , as you will lose your Openbox desktop menu .
To prevent this , run Nautilus with the following command :
nautilus -- browser -- no- desktop
Alternatively , you can prevent Nautilus from drawing the desktop in gconf - editor , under apps / nautilus / preferences / show_desktop ( untick the box ) , or with the following command :
gconftool - 2 -- set /apps/nautilus/preferences/show_desktop -- type bool False
11 . OpenOffice in Openbox
When you load OpenOffice in Openbox , it will look very ugly ( grey with huge ugly blueish icons and big fonts ) .
To change this , and make OpenOffice follow your Gtk theme , do the following :
Install openoffice.org-gtk ( sudo aptitude install openoffice.org - gtk ) and add this to the very beginning of your autostart file ( right after #!/bin/sh )
export OOO_FORCE_DESKTOP=gnome
When you login next time , OpenOffice should follow your general Gtk theme .
If you prefer KDE or Qt styles , you can force OpenOffice to use the Qt widgets .
To do so , install openoffice.org - kde ( sudo aptitude install openoffice.org - kde ) , and add the following line to your autostart file :
export OOO_FORCE_DESKTOP=kde
12 . Tile windows in Openbox
If you want to be able to tile windows in Openbox , here is what you have to do :
You can use a small application , called ’ tile ’ , to tile windows in any window manager .
Download the appropriate .deb package from the tile website ( that website seems to be down frequently , so I ’ve uploaded the source code here and the deb package for i386 here ; rename the files to remove the pdf extension and turn them into .tar. gz and .deb files respectively ) .
Double click on the package to install , or use the terminal and install it with the following command ( make sure you are in the right directory ! ) :
sudo dpkg - i tile_0.7.4_i386.deb
Once installed , all you need to tile windows is use the command ’ tile ’ .
Add a menu entry or a keyboard binding with that command , and your windows are tiled instantly .
Alternatively , you can use whaw to tile a selected number of windows either horizontally or vertically , using either the entire screen , or a selected area of it .
Note that cascading of windows ( un- tiling ) is not possible , as far as I know .
Neither tile nor whaw support it .
13 .
Shut down and reboot , hibernate , suspend and locking the screen
13.1 Shut down , reboot , and suspend
Gnome , KDE and Xfce are all able to shut down , restart , hibernate or suspend your computer without administrative privileges .
Window managers , such as Openbox or Fluxbox , are unable to do this on their own .
Even if you use gnome - panel or xfce4 - panel , you wo n’t be able to use the power buttons that come with it ( they depend on gnome - sessions and xfce4 - sessions to work if I ’ve understood correctly ) .
Advanced shutdown applications like gshutdown or kshutdown wo n’t work either .
Shutdown , reboot and suspend using gdm-control
In the latest Openbox release ( 3.4.7 ) , you can shutdown , reboot or suspend from within Openbox with gdm-control , by telling GDM ( The Gnome Display Manager ) to perform these actions .
To shutdown the computer with gdm-control , use the following command :
gdm-control -- shutdown && openbox -- exit
To restart , use this command :
gdm-control -- reboot && openbox -- exit
And to suspend , use the following line :
gdm-control -- suspend
If you ’d like a little dialog for these options , have a look here ( using PyGtk ) , or modify this appropriately ( using Gmessage ) .
Other options
If you are not using GDM , are not using the latest version of Openbox , or prefer not to use this method , there are two other ways in which you can perform these tasks : one that requires administrative privileges , one that does n’t .
Shut down and reboot with administrative privileges
Add the following lines to your menu.xml file , wherever you want them to be in your menu .
If you want to use Obmenu , add what is specified in the “ Label ” part in the “ Label ” box and what comes between the “ execute ” tags in the “ Execute ” box .
< item label= " Reboot " >
< action name = " Execute " > < execute > gksudo ' shutdown -r now '</ execute > </action > < /item >
< item label =
" Shut down " >
< action name = " Execute " > < execute > gksudo ' shutdown -h now '</ execute > </action > < /item >
< item label= " Suspend " >
< action name = " Execute " > < execute > gksudo pm-suspend</execute > </action > < /item >
< item label = " Hibernate " >
< action name = " Execute " > < execute > gksudo pm-hibernate</execute > </action > < /item >
The good thing about this method is that you get some sort of confirmation before you shut down or reboot , as you ’ll be asked to give your sudo password first .
This might be useful to prevent your computer from shutting down unexpectedly when you accidentally press the Shut down entry in your menu .
Note that you need gksu installed for this to work .
Shut down and reboot without administrative privileges
If you do n’t want to have to give your sudo password every time you shut down or restart , you can edit the sudoers file ( in /etc / sudoers ) to allow anyone to shut down or reboot the computer without administrative privileges .
The sudoers file specifies who has administrative privileges on your computer and what user can do what .
You ’ll edit the file so that any user can use the ‘ shutdown ’ command without the need to give your sudo password .
To do so , open a terminal and type sudo visudo ( It is best to edit the sudoers file with visudo , as visudo will check for possible errors before saving , thus preventing you from messing up your system )
Add the following at the bottom of the page : ALL ALL=NOPASSWD:/sbin/shutdown
Save and exit , and you wo n’t be needing your password to reboot or shut down .
You can then add the following to your menu.xml file , wherever you want them to be in your menu .
If you want to use Obmenu , add what is specified in the “ Label ” part in the “ Label ” box and what comes after “ execute ” in the “ Execute ” box .
< item label= " Reboot " >
< action name = " Execute " > < execute > sudo ' shutdown -r now '</ execute > </action ></item >
< item label =
" Shut down " >
< action name = " Execute " > < execute > sudo ' shutdown -h now '</ execute > </action ></item >
You will no longer be asked to give your password to shut down or reboot now , or be a user with administrative privileges .
( Note , though , that you ’ll still need to preface the command with sudo ! )
The downside is that you also will no longer receive any warning before your computer shuts down .
If you would like a confirmation window that comes up whenever you want to shut down , have a look at this post .
13.2 Lock screen
You can easily add an entry in your Openbox menu or assign a keyboard binding in the rc.xml file to lock the screen .
You can use xlockmore for this .
Read the man page to see the many ways in which you can use this .
I prefer a simple black screen ( no animation ) that asks for your password when a key is pressed or the mouse is moved , and use the following command for it :
xlock - mousemotion + description - mode blank - bg black - fg grey30 - font '- adobe-helvetica-bold-r-normal--*-110-*-*-*-*-*-*'
- planfont '- adobe-helvetica-bold-r-normal--*-110-*-*-*-*-*-*' - timeout 6 - info " " - username " " - password " " - icongeometry 30x30
If you use xscreensaver , you can also use that to lock the screen with the following command :
xscreensaver - command - lock
To use this , you need xscreensaver running , so make sure you add a line for it to your autostart file ( cf. supra ) :
xscreensaver - no - splash &
14 . More useful applications
There are several other useful applications that can be used with Openbox .
Here are a few of them :
14.1 System monitors
In Openbox you can use the system monitor from Gnome or KDE , but if you ’d like something a lot more lighter have a look at Gmemusage , gPS , gTaskmanager , or htop .
There are also quite a few applications available that enable you to display system information , such as cpu and memory usage , hard disk and network status , etc. , on the desktop , in Openbox ’ dock , or in a panel - like form .
Here are a few of these :
Conky Conky is a light - weight system monitor that can display system information ( such as uptime , kernel version , cpu and memory usage , etc ) on the desktop .
It is highly configurable .
For examples of conky setups , have a look at this thread on the Ubuntuforums .
It is in the repositories .
Dzen2 Dzen is a “ general purpose messaging , notification , and menuing application . ”
You can use it to display all sorts of information .
Have a look at the wiki to comprehend its potential .
Dzen2 is in the Hardy repositories .
Gkrellm Like conky , Gkrellm is a light - weight system monitor .
It looks a little less nice than conky can look , but you can use themes to change its looks ( use the ‘ Invisible ’ theme if you would like to see only the stats and no borders ) .
There are a lot of plugins available .
Gkrellm is in the repositories .
Light - monitor Light - monitor is a light transparent panel - like system monitor that can display and / or manage the volume , cpu and memory usage , network traffic , battery and power status , as well as the date and time .
A component of light - monitor is light - calendar , which you can use to display a transparent calendar on your desktop ( which allows you to also cycle through the next and previous months ) .
Noteo Noteo is a little app that runs in the system tray and displays notifications .
It can notify you of the status of your laptop battery , emails in your Gmail account , what mpd is playing , etc .
14.2 Other applications
Backstep Backstep draws icons of your iconified applications on your desktop .
If enabled , it can also draw miniature versions of the iconified windows on the desktop .
It is a bit rough , and since long no longer developed , but it works .
It is in the repositories .
Dmenu Dmenu is the application menu developed for dwm and used by several other tiling window managers .
It can easily be used in Openbox as well ; read this post for more info on using Dmenu in Openbox .
Dmenu can be used for a wide variety of things : see , for example , here for how to use dmenu with mpd , or this post on how to easily access your configuration files with it .
Gmrun Gmrun is a small run dialog , in which you can enter commands , application names , or files to run or open .
You can easily bind it to Alt + F2 in your rc.xml file , to have it work like the run dialog in Gnome , KDE or Xfce .
It is in the repositories .
Gtk - tray - utils Gtk - tray - utils is set of little Gtk utilities that load in the system tray .
It consists of gbatt ( a battery status indicator ) , gtim ( a clock ) , gdat ( a date indicator ) and gvtray ( a volume control ) .
David Barr ( mulberry ) made a modification of gvtray you might be interested in .
OSDsh OSDsh ( and its component osdctl ) is a little application that enables you to display all battery status , a clock , volume levels or any text on your screen .
It is themeable , allowing you to change the font , colours , and position on the screen .
Unfortunately , the volume control applet causes your CPU to be fully consumed on recent versions of Ubuntu .
Parcellite Parcellite is a light and simple Gtk based clipboard manager .
There is a deb package available at GetDeb.net .
Unclutter Unclutter is an application that runs in the background , and hides the mouse cursor when it has not moved and no buttons are pressed and the mouse is not on the desktop .
This is a useful tool if you like things uncluttered .
It is in the repositories .
VolWheel VolWheel is a little application which lets you control the volume through a tray icon you can scroll on .
It is written in Perl / Gtk2 .
You can download it here .
Wmctrl Wmctrl is a command - line application that can interact with EWMH / NetWM compatible X window managers .
It does n’t add any functionality to your window manager , but allows you to control it from the command line .
For an indication of its potential , see this post .
Wmctrl is in the repositories .
Xautolock Xautolock “ monitors input devices under the X Window System , and launches a program of your choice if there is no activity after a user - configurable period of time .
You can use this to automatically start up a screen locker if you have left your computer unattended for some period of time .
The program launched need not be a screen locker such as xlock . ”
See this post for how to use it with Skippy .
It is in the repositories .
15 . Conclusion
That ’s it .
Now you are fully ready to use Openbox !
Configure it more to your liking and needs , and do n’t feel afraid to try things out .
Openbox is small and light , but is highly configurable .
Settle on what you like best .
Where do you go from here ?
You can visit Planet Openbox , a feed aggregator for blogs with ( some ) Openbox content , or you can hang out on the Openbox IRC channel and join the active Openbox mailing list ( see here for more info ) .
If you run into problems , do n’t be afraid to ask for help .
There are a large number of knowledgeable Openbox users on the Ubuntuforums .
If you ca n’t find a solution for your problems elsewhere , try the mailing list or IRC channel .
I ’d like to receive feedback on this guide .
If you find errors or inconsistencies , if you think sections could be improved on , or you have material that could be added to it , please let me know .
Leave a comment , send me a pm on the Ubuntuforums ( user urukrama ) or send me an email at ukdasa AT yahoo DOT com .
Thank you .
To access the full resolution single images of Envisat 's Advanced Synthetic Aperture Radar ( ASAR ) acquisitions of the Wilkins Ice Shelf that have been used to compile the animation , please click on the thumbnails below .
David MacKay
Professor of Physics , University of Cambridge
When it comes to saving the planet , " every little helps ! "
Or does it ?
Maybe if we all do a little , we 'll achieve only a little .
Newspapers and television programmes are full of suggestions on how we can be more green .
But how can we tell what works ?
Can we cut fossil fuel consumption enough to save the planet ?
As I argue in this week 's More or Less on BBC Radio 4 , what we need is a single unit of measurement .
I would like to suggest measuring energies in kilowatt - hours , and measuring how fast activities use or produce energy in kilowatt - hours per day .
One kilowatt - hour ( 1 kWh ) is the electrical energy used by leaving a 40 watt bulb on for 24 hours ( and it might cost you 10 or 15 pence ( 15 or 20 US cent ) ) .
The chemical energy in the food we eat to stay alive amounts to about 3 kWh per day .
Taking one hot bath uses about 5 kWh of heat .
Driving an average car 50 kilometres uses 40 kWh of fuel .
In total , the British lifestyle ( and I apologise to international readers but my study is based on British numbers ) uses 125 kWh per day per person for transport , heating , manufacturing , and electricity .
So , how do green lifestyle ideas fare under the quantitative spotlight ?
Well , some of these sacred cows do not fare too well , and some come through with flying colours .
Here are four important examples .
Simple individual actions
Here are two simple individual actions .
One is useless , one is very effective .
Turning phone chargers off when they are not in use is a feeble gesture , like bailing the Titanic with a teaspoon .
The widespread inclusion of " switching off phone chargers " in lists of " 10 things you can do " is a bad thing , because it distracts attention from more effective actions that people could be taking .
In contrast , turning the thermostat down ( or the air - conditioning in hot climates ) is the single most effective energy - saving technology available to a typical person .
Every degree you turn it down will reduce your heating costs by 10 % ; and , speaking of Britain at least , heating is likely to be the biggest form of energy consumption in most buildings .
Transport , by numbers
When it comes to transport , people talk about " the hydrogen economy " .
But they also talk about electric cars .
The truth is that today 's hydrogen - powered vehicles are an energy disaster .
Most prototype hydrogen - powered vehicles use more energy than the fossil - fuel vehicles they replace .
The average fossil car in Britain uses 80 kWh per 100 km , the BMW Hydrogen 7 uses 254 kWh per 100 km .
Drivers can recharge their electric cars at power points like this one in London
In contrast , prototype electric vehicles are far more efficient , using ten times less energy : 20 kWh per 100 km or even 6 kWh per 100 km .
Even if the electricity for electric vehicles comes from traditional fossil - fuel power stations , electric cars are still more efficient than petrol cars ; and if in the future we switch over the nation 's electricity production from fossil fuels to greener sources , then electric vehicles will win by a mile .
Heating , by numbers Small - scale combined heat and power is another looming mistake .
Yes , combined heat and power ( that is , putting individual power stations in each building , generating local electricity and heat to keep the buildings warm ) can be a slightly more efficient way of using fossil fuels than the standard way ( namely , centralised power stations and local condensing boilers ) .
But these CHP systems are only about 7 % more efficient .
And they use natural gas , which is a fossil fuel !
The good news is , there is a much better way to generate local heat : heat pumps .
Even if we imagine strong efficiency measures and smart technology switches , we should not kid ourselves about the scale of the energy challenge which would remain
Heat pumps are back - to - front refrigerators .
Powered by electricity , they pump heat into the building from the outside - either from the air , or from the ground .
The best heat pumps , recently developed in Japan , have a coefficient of performance of 4.9 ; this means that using 1 kWh of electricity , the heat pump delivers 4.9 kWh of heat in the form of hot air or hot water .
This is a far more efficient way to use high - grade energy to make heat , than simply setting fire to high - grade chemicals , which achieves a coefficient of performance of only 0.9 .
Decentralized power generation , by numbers Roof - mounted micro-wind turbines are an utter waste of resources .
They never pay for themselves .
A typical " 600 W " micro-turbine mounted on a typical roof in England generates only 0.04 kWh per day - that 's one twentieth of the power of a lightbulb .
In contrast , roof - mounted solar water heaters are a no- brainer .
They really work : even where the sunniness is only about 30 % , a modest 3 - square - metre panel can supply half of a typical family 's hot water : about 3.8 kWh per day , on average .
Installing windmills on your rooftop could be a waste of time and money So : how can we power a modern lifestyle without fossil fuels ?
Individual actions saving 10 % here and 40 % there will not get us off fossil fuels .
To eliminate fossil fuel use , we will surely also need to increase the amount of energy we get from non -fossil - fuel sources .
Even if we imagine strong efficiency measures and smart technology switches , halving our energy consumption from 125 kWh per day per person to 60 kWh per day , we should not kid ourselves about the scale of the energy challenge which would remain .
Britain could , for example , get 60 kWh per day per person by building wind farms with an area equal to Wales ( which would deliver on average 20 kWh per day per person ) and a hundred more nuclear power stations ( which would deliver 40 kWh per day per person ) .
I am not pro-wind or pro-nuclear : I am just pro-arithmetic .
We need an energy plan that adds up .
It is not going to be easy , but it is possible .
BBC Radio 4's More or Less is broadcast on Friday , 23 April at 1330 BST and repeated on Sunday , 25 April at 2000 GMT .
Subscribe to the More or Less podcast .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- Canadian researchers say they have discovered the smallest known North American dinosaur , a carnivore that roamed areas of the continent 75 million years ago and weighed less than most modern - day house cats .
Researchers say Hesperonychus , whose name means " western claw , " was about 1.6 feet tall .
Hesperonychus elizabethae , a 4.4 - pound ( 2 - kilogram ) creature with razor - like claws , ran through the swamps and forests of southeastern Alberta , Canada , during the late Cretaceous period , the researchers said .
The diminutive dinosaur likely hunted insects , small mammals and other prey , perhaps even baby dinosaurs , said Nick Longrich , a paleontology research associate in the University of Calgary 's Department of Biological Sciences .
" It 's basically a predator of small things , " Longrich said .
Longrich co-wrote a paper on the dinosaur with University of Alberta paleontologist Philip Currie .
The paper appeared in Monday 's Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The researchers said the clawed dinosaur was slight , ran on two legs and had dagger - like teeth .
It had an enlarged sickle - shaped claw on its second toe , the researchers said .
Although fossilized remains of Hesperonychus were collected in 1982 , they remained unstudied until Longrich came across them in the University of Alberta 's collection in 2007 , the university said .
Because of their size , some of the fossilized parts had been thought to be from juveniles .
Longrich said he suspected the claws had come from another , smaller adult species , but said finding a fossilized pelvis in which the hip bones were fused -- which happens only once an animal is fully grown -- convinced him .
" The claws were kind of a bread - crumb trail that we followed along , " until finding the well - preserved pelvis , Longrich said .
Longrich and Currie determined that Hesperonychus , whose name means " western claw , " stood about 1.6 feet ( 50 centimeters ) high .
Albertonykus borealis , a 2.5 - foot - long insectivore , had been previously thought to be the smallest North American dinosaur .
Longrich came across the dinosaur 's bones in storage at the Royal Tyrrell Museum in Drumheller and decided to analyze them , Canadian Broadcasting Company reported in September .
A dinosaur smaller than Hesperonychus has been found in China , Longrich said .
He said he found searching through museums ' storage more productive in the short term than working in the field .
" People collect stuff so much more quickly than they can process , " he said .
CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .
All About Canada • Paleontology
Panos
THE overthrow of Madagascar 's president in mid-March was partly caused by water problems — in South Korea .
Worried by the difficulties of increasing food supplies in its water - stressed homeland , Daewoo , a South Korean conglomerate , signed a deal to lease no less than half Madagascar 's arable land to grow grain for South Koreans .
Widespread anger at the terms of the deal ( the island 's people would have received practically nothing ) contributed to the president 's unpopularity .
One of the new leader 's first acts was to scrap the agreement .
Three weeks before that , on the other side of the world , Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger of California declared a state of emergency .
Not for the first time , he threatened water rationing in the state .
“ It is clear , ” says a recent report by the United Nations World Water Assessment Programme , “ that urgent action is needed if we are to avoid a global water crisis . ”
Local water shortages are multiplying .
Australia has suffered a decade - long drought .
Brazil and South Africa , which depend on hydroelectric power , have suffered repeated brownouts because there is not enough water to drive the turbines properly .
So much has been pumped out of the rivers that feed the Aral Sea in Central Asia that it collapsed in the 1980s and has barely begun to recover .
Yet local shortages , caused by individual acts of mismanagement or regional problems , are one thing .
A global water crisis , which impinges on supplies of food and other goods , or affects rivers and lakes everywhere , is quite another .
Does the world really face a global problem ?
Water , water everywhere …
Not on the face of it .
There is plenty of water to go around and human beings are not using all that much .
Every year , thousands of cubic kilometres ( km3 ) of fresh water fall as rain or snow or come from melting ice .
According to a study in 2007 , most nations outside the Gulf were using a fifth or less of the water they receive — at least in 2000 , the only year for which figures are available .
The global average withdrawal of fresh water was 9 % of the amount that flowed through the world 's hydrologic cycle .
Both Latin America and Africa used less than 6 % ( see table ) .
On this evidence , it would seem that all water problems are local .
The trouble with this conclusion is that no one knows how much water people can safely use .
It is certainly not 100 % ( the amount taken in Gulf states ) because the rest of creation also has to live off the water .
In many places the maximum may well be less than one fifth , the average for Asia as a whole .
It depends on how water is returned to the system , how much is taken from underground aquifers , and so on .
But there is some admittedly patchy evidence that , given current patterns of use and abuse , the amount now being withdrawn is moving dangerously close to the limit of safety — and in some places beyond it .
An alarming number of the world 's great rivers no longer reach the sea .
They include the Indus , Rio Grande , Colorado , Murray - Darling and Yellow rivers .
These are the arteries of the world 's main grain - growing areas .
Freshwater fish populations are in precipitous decline .
According to the World Wide Fund for Nature , fish stocks in lakes and rivers have fallen roughly 30 % since 1970 .
This is a bigger population fall than that suffered by animals in jungles , temperate forests , savannahs and any other large ecosystem .
Half the world 's wetlands , on one estimate , were drained , damaged or destroyed in the 20th century , mainly because , as the volume of fresh water in rivers falls , salt water invades the delta , changing the balance between fresh and salt water .
On this evidence , there may be systemic water problems , as well as local disruptions .
Two global trends have added to the pressure on water .
Both are likely to accelerate over coming decades .
The first is demography .
Over the past 50 years , as the world 's population rose from 3 billion to 6.5 billion , water use roughly trebled .
On current estimates , the population is likely to rise by a further 2 billion by 2025 and by 3 billion by 2050 .
Demand for water will rise accordingly .
Or rather , by more .
Possibly a lot more .
It is not the absolute number of people that makes the biggest difference to water use but changing habits and diet .
Diet matters more than any single factor because agriculture is the modern Agasthya , the mythical Indian giant who drank the seas dry .
Farmers use about three - quarters of the world 's water ; industry uses less than a fifth and domestic or municipal use accounts for a mere tenth .
Different foods require radically different amounts of water .
To grow a kilogram of wheat requires around 1,000 litres .
But it takes as much as 15,000 litres of water to produce a kilo of beef .
The meaty diet of Americans and Europeans requires around 5,000 litres of water a day to produce .
The vegetarian diets of Africa and Asia use about 2,000 litres a day ( for comparison , Westerners use just 100 - 250 litres a day in drinking and washing ) .
So the shift from vegetarian diets to meaty ones — which contributed to the food - price rise of 2007 - 08 — has big implications for water , too .
In 1985 Chinese people ate , on average , 20kg of meat ; this year , they will eat around 50kg .
This difference translates into 390 km3 ( 1km3 is 1 trillion litres ) of water — almost as much as total water use in Europe .
The shift of diet will be impossible to reverse since it is a product of rising wealth and urbanisation .
In general , “ water intensity ” in food increases fastest as people begin to climb out of poverty , because that is when they start eating more meat .
So if living standards in the poorest countries start to rise again , water use is likely to soar .
Moreover , almost all the 2 billion people who will be added to the world 's population between now and 2030 are going to be third - world city dwellers — and city people use more water than rural folk .
The Food and Agriculture Organisation reckons that , without changes in efficiency , the world will need as much as 60 % more water for agriculture to feed those 2 billion extra mouths .
That is roughly 1,500 km3 of the stuff — as much as is currently used for all purposes in the world outside Asia .
The other long - term trend affecting water is climate change .
There is growing evidence that global warming is speeding up the hydrologic cycle — that is , the rate at which water evaporates and falls again as rain or snow .
This higher rate seems to make wet regions more sodden , and arid ones drier .
It brings longer droughts between more intense periods of rain .
Climate change has three big implications for water use .
First , it changes the way plants grow .
Trees , for example , react to downpours with a spurt of growth .
During the longer droughts that follow , the extra biomass then dries up so that if lightning strikes , forests burn more spectacularly .
Similarly crops grow too fast , then wilt .
Second , climate change increases problems of water management .
Larger floods overwhelm existing controls .
Reservoirs do not store enough to get people or plants through longer droughts .
In addition , global warming melts glaciers and causes snow to fall as rain .
Since snow and ice are natural regulators , storing water in winter and releasing it in summer , countries are swinging more violently between flood and drought .
That is one big reason why dams , once a dirty word in development , have been making a comeback , especially in African countries with plenty of water but no storage capacity .
The number of large dams ( more than 15 metres high ) has been increasing and the order books of dam builders are bulging .
Third , climate change has persuaded western governments to subsidise biofuels , which could prove as big a disaster for water as they already have been for food .
At the moment , about 2 % of irrigated water is used to grow crops for energy , or 44 km3 .
But if all the national plans and policies to increase biofuels were to be implemented , reckons the UN , they would require an extra 180 k m3 of water .
Though small compared with the increase required to feed the additional 2 billion people , the biofuels ' premium is still substantial .
In short , more water will be needed to feed and heat a world that is already showing signs of using too much .
How to square that circle ?
The answer is by improving the efficiency with which water is used .
The good news is that this is possible : vast inefficiencies exist which can be wrung out .
The bad news is it will be difficult both because it will require people to change their habits and because governments , which might cajole them to make the changes , are peculiarly bad at water policy .
… nor any drop to drink
Improving efficiency is doable and industrial users have done it , cutting the amount of water needed to make each tonne of steel and each extra unit of GDP in most rich countries ( see first chart ) .
This can make a difference .
The Pacific Institute reckons that , merely by using current water - saving practices ( ie , no technological breakthroughs ) California , a water - poor state , could meet all its needs for decades to come without using a drop more .
Still , industry consumes less than a fifth of the world 's water and the big question is how to get farmers , who use 70 - 80 % , to follow suit .
It takes at least three times as much water to grow maize in India , for example , as it does in America or China ( see second chart ) .
In some countries , you need 1,500 litres of water to produce a kilo of wheat ; in others , only 750 litres .
It does not necessarily follow that water is being used unsustainably in the one place and not the other ; perhaps the high - usage places have plenty of water to spare .
But it does suggest that better management could reduce the amount of water used in farming , and that the world could be better off if farmers did so .
Changing irrigation practices can improve water efficiency by 30 % , says Chandra Madramootoo , of the International Commission on Irrigation and Drainage .
One can , for example , ensure water evaporates from the leaves of the plant , rather than from the soil .
Or one can genetically modify crops so they stop growing when water runs dry , but do not die — they simply resume growth later when the rains return .
The world might also be better off , at least in terms of water , if trade patterns more closely reflected the amount of water embedded in traded goods ( a concept called “ virtual water ” invented by Tony Allan of King 's College London ) .
Some benign effects happen already : Mexico imports cereals from America which use 7 billion cubic metres ( m3 ) of water .
If it grew these cereals itself , it would use 16 billion m3 , so trade “ saves ” 9 billion m3 of water .
But such beneficial exchanges occur more by chance than design .
Because most water use is not measured , let alone priced , trade rarely reflects water scarcities .
To make water use more efficient , says Koichiro Matsuura , the head of UNESCO , the main UN agency dealing with water , will require fundamental changes of behaviour .
That means changing incentives , improving information flows , and improving the way water use is governed .
All that will be hard .
Water is rarely priced in ways that reflect supply and demand .
Usually , water pricing simply means that city dwellers pay for the cost of the pipes that transport it and the sewerage plants that clean it .
Basic information about who uses how much water is lacking .
Rainwater and river flows can be measured with some accuracy .
But the amount pumped out of lakes is a matter of guesswork and information on how much is taken from underground aquifers is almost completely lacking .
The governance of water is also a mess .
Until recently , few poor countries treated it as a scarce resource , nor did they think about how it would affect their development projects .
They took it for granted .
Alongside this insouciance goes a Balkanised decision - making process , with numerous overlapping authorities responsible for different watersheds , sanitation plants and irrigation .
To take a small example , the modest town of Charlottesville in Virginia has 13 water authorities .
Not surprisingly , investment in water has been patchy and neglected .
Aid to developing countries for water was flat in real terms between 1990 and 2005 .
Within that period , there was a big shift from irrigation to drinking water and sanitation — understandable no doubt , but this meant less aid was going to the main users of water , farmers in poor countries .
Aid for irrigation projects in 2002 - 05 was less than half what it had been in 1978 - 81 .
Angel Gurría , the head of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development , talks of “ a crisis in water financing ” .
As is often the way , business is ahead of governments in getting to grips with waste .
Big drinks companies such as Coca Cola have set themselves targets to reduce the amount of water they use in making their products ( in Coke 's case , by 20 % by 2012 ) .
The Nature Conservancy , an ecologically - minded NGO , is working on a certification plan which aims to give companies and businesses seals of approval ( a bit like the Fairtrade symbol ) according to how efficiently they use water .
The plan is supposed to get going in 2010 .
That sort of thing is a good start , but just one step in a long process that has barely begun .
7 Things To Remember When Borrowing Money
Page 1 of 2
Whether you 're starting a small business , remodeling your home or just paying some bills , from time to time you 'll need to borrow money .
Whether you choose to use your line of credit or take advantage of some equity in your home , you 'll want to know what you 're getting yourself into before you sign the deal .
Here are some things to consider .
1- Shop for the best interest rate
The main thing that you 'll be comparing when you 're looking for a loan is the best interest rate , which is essentially the price of the money .
It 's easy to fall for a good sales pitch , but a prudent borrower does his homework .
Ask several banks for quotes and then do the same with brokers .
You 'll get an idea of the price range , but do n't be afraid to tell the lowest - priced broker that you think he can do better , especially if other quotes are close .
Of course , you need to make sure that you 're comparing apples to apples , so be certain that your loan quotes reflect the same amount and time period , and be sure to account for fees .
2- Consolidate your loan
Loan consolidation can have two advantages :
It 's easier to manage one bill at the end of the month instead of three or more .
You can lock in a low interest rate .
Of course , you take a risk ; if interest rates continue to drop , you may not be able to reconsolidate , which means you 'll be paying more for your money .
But if they rise , you 'll be sitting pretty .
3- Use equity
Your home equity is actually your money , and sometimes it pays to use it .
You can take equity out ( essentially , get a check from the bank equal to some or all of your equity ) , or you can open a line of credit against your equity ( essentially using your home as security for the loan ) .
Because this is a secured loan , you should get a better interest rate than a credit card , but on the downside , if you default , you could lose your home .
If you take out a home equity loan , make sure you do so to finance a worthwhile project .
Use that line of credit and whatever you do , avoid payday loans ...
Originally from Long Beach , California , Bond entered the Adult film industry in 2005 when she turned 18 .
She has been nicknamed the " Box Cover Queen " in the industry for having appeared on numerous DVD covers during the summer of 2005 . [ 2 ]
On the May 18 , 2005 episode of Jay Walking on The Tonight Show , Bond was interviewed by Jay Leno and asked whether or not she had ever posed nude ; as her response Bond displayed an adult magazine for which she had been the centerfold .
She appeared on The Jerry Springer Show on July 26 , 2006 , and revealed to her mother that she made " 45 to 50 " " blue " movies in one year . [ 4 ]
In October 2007 , her official site was launched courtesy of the Medium Pimpin network of adult sites . [ 5 ]
Healing prayer starts with knowing the will of God .
He said , " I am the God that healeth thee . "
Christ is no respecter of persons .
If he ever healed anyone ( and he has ) , he will heal you too .
Jesus knows what you need .
He said , " If thou can believe , all things are possible to him that believeth " ( Mark 9:23 ) .
HEALING PRAYER
Healing prayer is a fundamental teaching in Bible .
When Apostle Peter introduced the gospel to the first Gentile believers he spoke of Christ healing power .
" That word , I say , ye know , which was published throughout all Judaea , and began from Galilee , after the baptism which John preached ; How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power : who went about doing good , and healing all that were oppressed of the devil ; for God was with him " Acts 10:37 -38 ) .
Christ is not only your savior , he is also your healer .
Jesus is the same yesterday , today , and forever .
As a Christian , you are a person of faith .
Faith takes God at His word .
He said , " I am the God that healeth thee " ( Exodus 15:26 ) .
This is an important Scripture when you are praying for healing , strength , and protection .
We thank God for doctors , but doctors are still practicing medicine .
There is one that knows exactly what you need .
His name is Jesus , your Great Physician .
If you are sick , take God at his word .
Meditate on these Scriptures for healing , His healing promises .
Jesus Christ is no respecter of persons .
If he ever healed anyone ( and he has ) , then he will heal you too .
You already know that " faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the Word " ( Romans 10:17 ) .
This means faith starts where the will of God is known .
HEALING IS THE WILL OF GOD
There was a sick leper needing healing that came to Christ .
He knew that Christ could heal , he just did n't know if it were Christ 's will to heal .
Jesus made it clear to him and to you .
" And it came to pass , when he was in a certain city , behold a man full of leprosy : who seeing Jesus fell on his face , and besought him , saying , Lord , if thou wilt , thou canst make me clean .
And he put forth his hand , and touched him , saying , I will : be thou clean .
And immediately the leprosy departed from him " ( Luke 5:12 - 13 ) .
Settle this in your mind , it is Christ 's will to heal you .
Holy Spirit Led
MEDITATE ON THESE SCRIPTURES FOR HEALING PRAYER
" Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree , that we , being dead to sins , should live unto righteousness : by whose stripes ye were healed . "
( 1 Peter 2:24 )
" And Jesus went about all the cities and villages , teaching in their synagogues , and preaching the gospel of the kingdom , and healing every sickness and every disease among the people . " ( Matthew 9:35 )
" Bless the LORD , O my soul , and forget not all his benefits :
Who forgiveth all thine iniquities ; who healeth all thy diseases . " ( Psalms 103:2-3 )
" Surely he hath borne our griefs , and carried our sorrows : yet we did esteem him stricken , smitten of God , and afflicted .
But he was wounded for our transgressions , he was bruised for our iniquities : the chastisement of our peace was upon him ; and with his stripes , we are healed . " ( Isaiah 53:4-5 )
" O LORD my God , I cried unto thee , and thou hast healed me . " ( Psalms 30:2 )
" Then they cry unto the LORD in their trouble , and he saveth them out of their distresses .
He sent his word , and healed them , and delivered them from their destructions . " ( Psalms 107:19 - 20 )
" My son , attend to my words ; incline thine ear unto my sayings .
Let them not depart from thine eyes ; keep them in the midst of thine heart .
For they are life unto those that find them , and health to all their flesh . " ( Proverbs 4:20 - 22 )
" Is any sick among you ?
let him call for the elders of the church ; and let them pray over him , anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord :
And the prayer of faith shall save the sick , and the Lord shall raise him up ; and if he have committed sins , they shall be forgiven him . " ( James 5:14 - 15 )
" And when Jesus was come into Peter 's house , he saw his wife 's mother laid , and sick of a fever .
And he touched her hand , and the fever left her : and she arose , and ministered unto them .
When the even was come , they brought unto him many that were possessed with devils : and he cast out the spirits with his word , and healed all that were sick :
That it might be fulfilled which was spoken by Esaias the prophet , saying , Himself took our infirmities , and bare our sicknesses . "
( Matthew 8:14 - 17 )
" Heal me , O Lord , and I shall be healed ; save me , and I shall be saved , for You are my praise . " ( Jeremiah 17:14 )
" And Jesus went about all Galilee , teaching in their synagogues , and preaching the gospel of the kingdom , and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of disease among the people .
And his fame went throughout all Syria : and they brought unto him all sick people that were taken with divers diseases and torments , and those which were possessed with devils , and those which were lunatic , and those that had the palsy ; and he healed them . " ( Matthew 4:23 - 24 )
" Then saith he to the man , Stretch forth thine hand .
And he stretched it forth ; and it was restored whole , like as the other .
Then the Pharisees went out , and held a council against him , how they might destroy him .
But when Jesus knew it , he withdrew himself from thence : and great multitudes followed him , and he healed them all . " ( Matthew 12:13 - 15 )
" And Jesus went forth , and saw a great multitude , and was moved with compassion toward them , and he healed their sick . "
( Matthew 14:14 )
" And great multitudes came unto him , having with them those that were lame , blind , dumb , maimed , and many others , and cast them down at Jesus ' feet ; and he healed them :
Insomuch that the multitude wondered , when they saw the dumb to speak , the maimed to be whole , the lame to walk , and the blind to see : and they glorified the God of Israel . " ( Matthew 15:30 - 31 )
" And Jesus went into the temple of God , and cast out all them that sold and bought in the temple , and overthrew the tables of the moneychangers , and the seats of them that sold doves , And said unto them ,
It is written , My house shall be called the house of prayer ; but ye have made it a den of thieves .
And the blind and the lame came to him in the temple , and he healed them . " ( Matthew 21:12 - 14 )
" Now when the sun was setting , all they that had any sick with divers diseases brought them unto him ; and he laid his hands on every one of them , and healed them . " ( Luke 4:40 )
FAITH IN ACTION
I love this testimony of the women with the issue of blood .
It 's amazing to read her faith in action .
She knew Christ was the answer to her miracle .
All she needed to do was touch him .
You too can touch Christ , you touch him through praying in faith .
" And a certain woman , which had an issue of blood twelve years , And had suffered many things of many physicians , and had spent all that she had , and was nothing bettered , but rather grew worse , When she had heard of Jesus , came in the press behind , and touched his garment .
For she said ,
If I may touch but his clothes , I shall be whole .
And straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up , and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague .
And Jesus , immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out of him , turned him about in the press , and said , Who touched my clothes ?
And his disciples said unto him ,
Thou seest the multitude thronging thee , and sayest thou , Who touched me ?
And he looked round about to see her that had done this thing .
But the woman fearing and trembling , knowing what was done in her , came and fell down before him , and told him all the truth .
And he said unto her , Daughter , thy faith hath made thee whole ; go in peace , and be whole of thy plague . " ( Mark 5:25 - 34 )
Your heavenly father knows what you need .
God heals .
Her faith touched the power of God and brought here complete healing .
Physical healing is promised to every sick person because Jesus heals yesterday , today , and forever .
HEALING PRAYER
There are lots of Scriptures for healing prayer .
Christ knows what you need .
If it 's healing , meditate on His promises of healing to you .
Jesus said , " If thou canst believe , all things are possible to him that believeth " ( Mark 9:23 ) .
Finally , remember this Scripture .
" And this is the confidence ( the assurance , the privilege of boldness ) which we have in Him : [ we are sure ] that if we ask anything ( make any request ) according to His will ( in agreement with His own plan ) , He listens to and hears us .
And if ( since ) we [ positively ] know that He listens to us in whatever we ask , we also know [ with settled and absolute knowledge ] that we have [ granted us as our present possessions ] the requests made of Him " ( 1 John 5:14 - 15 AMP ) .
Your partner ,
Apostle Jonas Clark
www.JonasClark.com
Recommendations by international health agencies , doctors , nutritionists , and the media to consume more fish for better health ignore the fact that fish stock are collapsing worldwide , reports a new study published in the Canadian Medical Association Journal .
“ Even at current levels of fish consumption , fisheries globally have reached a state of severe crisis .
Already , the demand from affluent and developing economies , particularly newly affluent China , cannot be met by the world ’s fisheries , ” states the new report .
Not only are recommendations to consume more fish — sometimes two to three times current levels — driving fisheries to the brink and species to extinction , they are also harming developing nations that have depended on fish as a local source of protein for centuries .
Most wealthy nations have already depleted their fish stocks , leading them to increasingly turn to poorer nations for fish .
Red anchovies at fish market in Ranteapo , Sulawesi .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
“ Declining catches are increasingly diverted toward affluent markets rather than local ones , with dire consequences for the food security of poorer nations , islands and coastal communities , ” write the authors .
While the authors note that the science remains inconclusive regarding the health benefits of increasing fish consumption , the peril to fisheries is clear .
According to the study , fisheries have been declining since the 1980s while the number of collapsed stocks have risen exponentially .
“ These trends imply the collapse of all commercially exploited stocks by mid-century , ” state the authors .
“ Yet the dire status of fisheries resources is largely unrecognized by the public , who are both encouraged to eat more fish and are misled into believing we live in a sea of plenty . ”
Live eels for sale at fish market in Ranteapo , Sulawesi .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
In addition the authors argue that one of the widely touted solutions to fishery collapse , i.e. fish farming , is more of a “ distraction ” than a solution , since the practice comes with its own environmental problems .
Most notably , fish farming depends on stocks of small wild fish like anchovies to feed the large predatory fish which they sell , further threatening wild stocks .
A better solution , write the authors , may be the development of alternative sources of omega - 3 fatty acids ; currently such sources are being developed from algae , yeast , and plants .
The authors conclude that due to the plight of global fish stocks , health agencies should rethink their policy of encouraging fish consumption .
Related articles
One - third of global marine catch used as livestock feed
( 10/30/2008 )
Despite continuous warnings of emptying oceans due to overfishing , a new report finds that one - third of the world ’s total marine catch is not feeding humans , but livestock .
The fish are ground - up into meal and fed to pigs , poultry , and even farm - raised fish .
A solution to worldwide fishery collapse ?
( 09/18/2008 )
In November 2006 a study on global fisheries received a lot of attention : employing 53 years worth of fishery data , Boris Worm predicted that by 2048 the ocean would be empty of fish .
Essentially there would be nothing left to catch .
Already , Worm reported , fishing stocks had collapsed in 29 percent of the world ’s fisheries .
Although scientists called for rapid and overhauling changes to fisheries , the fishing industry carried on business - as - usual .
Now , two years later , a study in Science proposes to have found the solution to the global fishery - collapse .
Small - scale fisheries are “ best hope ” for sustainability in developing world
( 09/08/2008 )
Fish stocks are declining globally .
While the consumer in the industrial world has yet to feel the full impact of this decline , those in the developing world know it well .
Local small - scale fishermen are catching less fish to feed growing populations .
Jennifer Jacquet of the Sea Around Us Project believes the hope for sustainable seafood lies in these very fisheries .
The long - ignored ocean emergency and what can be done to address it
( 08/18/2008 )
This year has been full of bad news regarding marine ecosystems : one - third of coral species threatened with extinction , dead - zones spread to 415 sites , half of U.S. reefs in fair or bad condition , increase in ocean acidification , tuna and shark populations collapsing , and only four percent of ocean considered pristine .
Jeremy Jackson , director of the Scripps Center for Marine Biodiversity and Conservation at the University of California , San Diego , synthesizes such reports and others into a new paper , published in the journal Proceedings of the Naional Academy of Sciences , that boldly lays out the scope of the oceanic emergency and what urgently needs to be done .
The global rich are eating the poor ’s fish : new report shows tropical fish catch gravely under-estimated
( 07/10/2008 )
After a week of bad news regarding marine life — it was reported that half of U.S. coral reefs are in fair to poor condition and one - third of all coral species are threatened globally — there is still more : a study of twenty tropical islands showed that recreational and subsistence fishing has gone almost completely unreported from 1950 to 2004 .
In fifteen of twenty cases the fish take was at least doubled when local fish catches were added , and in the most extreme case , American Samoa , the amount of fish collected was 17 times what was previously recorded .
Large shark populations fall 97 % in the Mediterranean
( 06/12/2008 )
Populations of some shark species in the Mediterranean have plunged by more than 97 percent over the past 200 years , report researchers writing in the journal conservation Biology .
Several species are at risk of extinction .
6 min read
Now starting from a working Apache installation , what can Lighttpd offer us ?
Improved performance for most cases ( as in more hits per second )
Reduced CPU time and memory usage
Improved security
Of course , the move to Lighttpd is not a small one , especially if our Apache configuration makes use of its many features .
Systems tied into Apache as a module may make the move hard or even impossible without porting the module to a Lighttpd module or moving the functionality into CGI programs , if possible .
We can ease the pain by moving in small steps .
The following descriptions assume that we have one Apache instance running on one hardware instance .
But we can scale the method by repeating it for every hardware instance .
When not to migrate
Before we start this journey , we need to know that our hardware and operating systems support Lighttpd , that we have root access ( or access to someone who has ) , and that the system has enough space for another Lighttpd installation ( yes , I know , Lighttpd should reduce space concerns , but I have seen Apache installations munching away entire RAID arrays ) .
Probably , this only makes sense if we plan on moving a big percentage of traffic to Lighttpd .
We also might make extensive use of Apache module , which means a complete migration would involve finding or writing suitable substitutes for Lighttpd .
Adding Lighttpd to the Mix
Install Lighttpd on the system that Apache runs on .
Find an unused port ( refer to a port scanner if needed ) to set server . port to .
For example , if port 4080 is unused on our system , we would look for server . port in our Lighttpd configuration and change it to :
server.port = 4080
If we want to use SSL , we should change all occurrences of the port 443 to another free port , say 4443 .
We assume our Apache is answering requests on HTTP port 80 .
Now let ’s use this Lighttpd instance as a proxy for our Apache by adding the following configuration :
server.modules = (
#...
" mod_proxy " ,
#...
)
#...
proxy.server = (
" " => ( # proxy everything
host => " 127.0.0.1 " # localhost
port => " 80 "
)
)
This tells our Lighttpd to proxy all requests to the server that answers on localhost , port 80 , which happens to be our Apache server .
Now , when we start our Lighttpd and point our browser to http://localhost:4080/ , we should be able to see the same thing that our Apache is returning .
What is a proxy ?
A Proxy stands in front of another object , simulating the object by relaying all requests to it .
A proxy can change requests on the fly , filter requests , and so on .
In our case , Lighttpd is the web server to the outside , whilst Apache will still get all requests as usual .
Excursion : mod_proxy
mod_proxy is the module that allows Lighttpd to relay requests to another web server .
It is not to be confused with mod_proxy_core ( of Lighttpd 1.5.0 ) , which provides a basis for other interfaces such as CGI .
Usually , we want to proxy only a specific subset of requests , for example , we might want to proxy requests for Java server pages to a Tomcat server .
This could be done with the following proxy directive :
proxy.server = (
" .jsp " => ( host => " 127.0.0.1 " , port => " 8080 " )
# given our tomcat is on port 8080
)
Thus the tomcat server only serves JSPs , which is what it was built to do , whilst our Lighttpd does the rest .
Or we might have another server which we want to include in our Web presence at some given directory :
proxy.server = (
" / somepath " => ( host => " 127.0.0.1 " , port => " 8080 " )
)
Assuming the server is on port 8080 , this will do the trick .
Now http://localhost/somepath/index.html will be the same as http://localhost:8080/index.html.
Reducing Apache Load
Note that as most Lighttpd directives , proxy . server can be moved into a selector , thereby reducing its reach .
This way , we can reduce the set of files Apache will have to touch in a phased manner .
For example , YouTube™ uses Lighttpd to serve the videos .
Usually , we want to make Lighttpd serve static files such as images , CSS , and JavaScript , leaving Apache to serve the dynamically generated pages .
Now , we have two options : we can either filter the extensions we want Apache to handle , or we can filter the addresses we want Lighttpd to serve without asking Apache .
Actually , the first can be done in two ways .
Assuming we want to give all addresses ending with .cgi and .
php to Apache , we could either use the matching of proxy .
server :
proxy.server = (
" .cgi " => ( host = " 127.0.0.1 " , port = " 8080 " ) ,
" .php " => ( host = " 127.0.0.1 " , port = " 8080 " )
)
or match by selector :
$ HTTP [ 'url ' ] =~ " (.cgi|.php ) $ " {
proxy.server = ( " " => ( host = " 127.0.0.1 " , port = " 8080 " ) )
}
The second way also allows negative filtering and filtering by regexp — just use !~ instead of =~ .
mod_perl , mod_php , and mod_python
There are no Lighttpd modules to embed scripting languages into Lighttpd ( with the exception of mod_magnet , which embeds Lua ) because this is simply not the Lighttpd way of doing things .
Instead , we have the CGI , SCGI , and FastCGI interfaces to outsource this work to the respective interpreters .
Most mod_perl scripts are easily converted to FastCGI using CGI :: Fast .
Usually , our mod_perl script will look a lot like the following script :
use CGI ;
my $q = CGI -> new ;
initialize ( ) ; # this might need to be done only once
process_query ( $q ) ; # this should be done per request
print response ( $q ) ; # this , too
Using the easiest way to convert to FastCGI :
use CGI : Fast # instead of CGI
while ( my $ q = CGI : Fast -> new ) { # get requests in a while - loop
initialize ( ) ;
process_query ( $q ) ;
print response ( $q ) ;
}
If this runs , we may try to put the initialize ( ) call outside of the loop to make our script run even faster than under mod_perl .
However , this is just the basic case .
There are mod_perl scripts that manipulate the Apache core or use special hooks , so these scripts can get a little more complicated to migrate .
Migrating from mod_php to php-fcgi is easier — we do not need to change the scripts , just the configuration .
This means that we do not get the benefits of an obvious request loop , but we can work around that by setting some global variables only if they are not already set .
The security benefit is obvious .
Even for Apache , there are some alternatives to mod_php , which try to provide more security , often with bad performance implications .
mod_python can be a little more complicated , because Apache calls out to the python functions directly , converting form fields to function arguments on the fly .
If we are lucky , our python scripts could implement the WSGI ( Web Server Gateway Interface ) .
In this case , we can just use a WSGI - FastCGI wrapper .
Looking on the Web , I already found two : one standalone ( http://svn.saddi.com/py-lib/trunk/fcgi.py), and one , a part of the PEAK project ( http://peak.telecommunity.com/DevCenter/FrontPage).
Otherwise , python usually has excellent support for SCGI .
As with mod_perl , there are some internals that have to be moved into the configuration ( for example dynamic 404 pages , the directive for this is server.error - handler - 405 , which can also point to a CGI script ) .
However , for basic scripts , we can use SCGI ( either from http://www.mems-exchange.org/software/scgi/
or as a python - only version from http://www.cherokee-project.com/download/pyscgi/).
We also need to change import cgi to import scgi and change CGIHandler and CGIServer to SCGIHandler and SCGIServer , respectively .
DAMASCUS , Syria , Jan. 2 ( UPI ) -- Syrian President Bashar Assad said Friday that action should be taken against Israel because of its actions against the Gaza Strip .
A presidential statement said both Assad and U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon support implementing measures that would allow aid to enter the Gaza Strip , the Kuwait News Agency , KUNA , reported .
Advertisement
The call for international action regarding Israeli efforts came during a telephone conversation between the two leaders , the statement said .
KUNA said the discussion occurred as a second convoy of trucks carrying aid supplies departed from Syria in an attempt to deliver the goods to struggling Gaza Strip residents .
We 're all getting killed these days , and it 's only human nature to want to vent .
Our 401 ks are decimated , and if we have n't yet been laid - off then we 're at least nervous about facing that Day of Reckoning somewhere on the horizon .
Heck , even the Wall Street Journal published a piece yesterday saying that there is a 20 % chance we 're falling into a Great Depression
In these times of plunging stock markets , job anxiety , and bill - paying paranoia , a new phenomenon is taking shape that may come to define the current economic crisis for future historians ... the rise of " Recession Blogs " .
Adam Cohen of the New York Times has put together a fascinating list of blogs that offer a range of opinions , firsthand accounts , and advice related to the recession .
Here are a few of the best :
The iconic images from the Great Depression may have been black - and - white photographs of migrant workers and film reels depicting bread lines .
But it 's looking more likely that it 'll be angry bloggers who define this economic crisis .
For better , or for worse .
Australian Democracy is “ Microsoft Compatible ”
Here is the Australian Electoral Commission documentation on how to register a political party [ 1 ] .
It includes the requirement for “ A Microsoft compatible electronic membership list ( and paper copy ) providing the following information “ .
So a prerequisite for registering a political party appears to be the ownership of a PC running Windows .
While it may be the case that I could create a plain text file on a Linux machine and append some CR characters to each line , or create a CSV format spread - sheet / database file the most common interpretation of this is likely to be that MS - Office is required .
Such blatant promotion of a software vendor in a government document is unacceptable .
Anyone who wishes to use other software for their political activities should be permitted to do so without restriction .
The songbook of the world 's most likeable cities needs an urgent rewrite .
" We will always have Dusseldorf " ; " I love Zurich in the springtime " ; " Tulips from Vancouver " ; " Maybe it 's because I'm a Frankfurter that I love Frankfurt so " .
In a survey of the world 's most liveable towns , published yesterday , European cities dominate but not the European cities that you might imagine .
Paris comes only 33rd , between Adelaide and Brisbane .
London comes 38th , jointly with Yokohama .
The city with the highest quality of urban living in the world , according to the survey , is Vienna , followed by Zurich and Geneva .
Auckland and Vancouver come joint fourth .
All of these cities have a reputation – perhaps undeserved – for crashing dullness .
Cities with romantic , glitzy reputations , from New York ( 49th ) to Rome ( 55th ) , fare badly .
The Worldwide Quality of Living Survey is , arguably , more suburban than urban .
The league table of 215 cities reflects the criteria set by Mercer , an American management consultancy which specialises in advising companies on the relocation of executives .
Political stability , security , air pollution , schools , supermarkets , environment and transport rank highly .
Cutting - edge culture , architecture and excitement count for relatively little .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Unsurprisingly , the city that comes bottom of the table is Baghdad with a score of 14.4 ( encouragingly up from 13.5 last year ) .
The top city , Vienna , scores 108.6 , overtaking Zurich , which has led the table for eight years .
No American city comes in the top 25 .
The highest is Honolulu in Hawaii , scarcely a city at all , which ranks 29th .
Of the top 10 most liveable cities in the Mercer table , seven are European ; three are German ( Dusseldorf , Munich , Frankfurt ) ; three are Swiss ( Zurich , Geneva , Berne ) and one is Austrian ( Vienna ) .
Auckland and Vancouver tie for fourth place .
Sydney comes 10th .
What faith can one have in a table that ranks Brussels ( 14th ) above Paris ?
Is Vancouver ( fourth ) preferable to LA ( 59th ) ?
Is Vienna , city of waltzes , cream - cakes , coffee - houses and Sigmund Freud , truly the most liveable city in the world ?
Otmar Lahodynski , European editor of Profil magazine , based in Vienna , believes that it is .
" There are few cities in the world in which you can walk safely in the street after midnight .
In Vienna , you can .
There are few cities in which you can swim , for free , in clean water in the centre of town in the summer .
In Vienna you can , in the Danube canal . "
Vienna is not a small city ( population 1,800,000 ) but it has no suburban sprawl .
It was built as an imperial capital for up to 6,000,000 people and so has a wonderful feeling of spaciousness .
It has delicious tap - water piped straight from the mountains .
It is clean and green .
But is n't Vienna rather a , er , dull city , compared to , say , London or Paris or Amsterdam ?
" When I moved here in the 1970s , it is true , that the city was rather a grey place that closed at 10 pm , " Mr Lahodynski said .
" But now there are bars and restaurants open until late .
There is as much culture as anyone could need – music of course , also theatre and wonderful art galleries .
The collapse of the Iron Curtain changed everything .
Vienna used to be at the far end of western Europe , the end of the democratic world .
Now we are in the centre . "
OK , fair enough for Vienna .
But what about Zurich , city of gnomes and spires , often said to be the wealthiest city in Europe ?
Surely Zurich is just a teensy bit dull .
" Not a bit of it , " said Bill Hall , a former British newspaper correspondent in Zurich .
" Berne , yes , there 's a dull city .
Boring Berne , they call it .
How Berne gets so high in the table is a real mystery .
" Not Zurich .
Zurich is the most liveable city I know .
Much more liveable than Vienna , because it 's smaller , only 376,000 people .
In Zurich , I 've had some of the best meals I have ever eaten .
There are little bars and coffee houses for young people .
The trams and trains always run to time .
People are friendly .
Prices never seem to rise .
Great walking and skiing are only two hours away .
Zurich is just a great city , a city that works . "
Tom Armitage , 31 , a British insurance executive in Zurich , agrees wholeheartedly .
" A few years ago maybe Zurich was a sleepy place , " he said .
" Not any more .
There is a lively new media scene , a much more international population . "
The criteria used by Mercer to rate cities include political stability , crime , medical services , schools ( especially international schools ) , public services , transport , recreation , shops , housing , climate and pollution .
Superior cities ?
The survey 's top 50
1. VIENNA
For Clean , green , safe city , packed with music , theatre , art , history , coffee - bars and trams .
Against Full of grumpy old fur - coated ladies and sad historical ghosts from its formerly heavily Jewish past .
2. ZURICH
For Great public transport , services and restaurants .
Beautiful buildings and accessible mountains and lakes .
Against Miserable , dull winters ; high cost of living ; conservative and narrow - minded older Swiss population .
3. GENEVA
For Great public transport , services and restaurants .
Swimming and yachting from centre .
Against Achingly dull city populated by stand - offish international bureaucrats and far - out radical Swiss youth .
=4 . VANCOUVER
For Greenest city in North America .
Sea -sports just to the west ; skiing , climbing and walking just to the east .
Against Culturally dull city .
It is a long way from almost everywhere .
=4 . AUCKLAND
For New Zealand 's most ethnically mixed and friendly city .
Against Poor infrastructure .
Crime and other urban problems .
It is a long way from almost everywhere .
6 :Dusseldorf
7 : Munich
8 : Frankfurt
9 : Berne
10 : Sydney
11 : Copenhagen
12 : Wellington
13 : Amsterdam
14 : Brussels
15 : Toronto
= 16 : Ottawa / Berlin
18 : Melbourne
19 : Luxembourg
20 : Stockholm
21 : Perth
22 : Montreal
23 : Nürnberg
24 : Oslo
25 : Dublin
= 26 : Singapore / Calgary
28 : Hamburg
29 : Honolulu
=30 : San Francisco / Helsinki / Adelaide
33 : Paris
34 : Brisbane
=35 : Tokyo / Boston
37 : Lyon
=38 : Yokohama / London
40 : Kobe
41 : Milan
= 42 : Portland / Barcelona
= 44 : Washington DC / Osaka / Lisbon / Chicago
48 : Madrid
49 : New York
50 : Seattle
Sex and science fiction have not always been the most obvious partners ; combining the two has occasionally defeated even the genre 's greatest luminaries .
But here are ten authors who successfully brought sex into the future .
Advertisement
Advertisement
1. Samuel R. Delany ( 1942 - )
His 1975 novel Dhalgren is a hugely complex , at times incomprehensible tome reminiscent of the works of Thomas Pynchon .
It also showcases every imaginable form of human sexuality , including a long - term polyamorous relationship between the protagonist , his lover Lanya Colson , and a gang member called Denny .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
2. Philip José Farmer ( 1918 -2009 )
It would be a stretch to say Farmer invented sexual science fiction ( especially considering some of the people on this very list predate him ) , but he did shatter the mainstream notion that sex had no place in science fiction .
His 1953 short story " The Lovers " was an overnight sensation for its sophisticated , intelligent depiction of love between a human and an alien , which he followed up with five more stories in a similar vein in his 1960 anthology Strange Relations .
He explored unconventional relationships both allegorically within science fiction and literally in his 1962 novel Fire and the Night , which looked at an interracial relationship before they had gained widespread social acceptance .
Advertisement
3. Robert Heinlein ( 1907 - 1988 )
Nothing if not an iconoclast , Heinlein was a militarist who also passionately believed in free love , at least if his writings are to be believed .
It 's actually not that hard to reconcile when seen in terms of his ironclad libertarianism , which led him to foresee a future where homosexuality was fully accepted , public nudity was commonplace , and couples were far from the only acceptable number of people for romantic relationships .
A noted advocate for polyamory , his works consistently shattered taboos , ranging from relatively mundane topics for the 1970s such as open homosexuality to a full - fledged incestuous romance between immortal time traveler Lazarus Long and his own mother - and all of that was in just one book , 1973 's Time Enough for Love .
But perhaps his crowning achievement for mixing sex and science fiction was his wonderfully twisted 1959 short story " All You Zombies " , in which time travel and a sex change operation allows the story 's protagonist to become both his own mother and father , not to mention just about everyone else who appears in the story .
Advertisement
4. Ursula K. Le Guin ( 1929 - )
Le Guin has extensively studied alternative conceptions of gender , both as a critical theorist ( in such essays as 1976's " Is Gender Necessary ? " ) and in books like The Left Hand of Darkness .
Her novel , published in 1969 , considered the Gethenians , a humanoid alien race with no inherent gender .
Instead , Gethenians experience the activation of either male or female sexual organs in roughly monthly cycles .
To humans , this means they constantly switch genders , although this is a rather quaint notion to the Gethenians themselves .
Advertisement
5. William Moulton Marston ( 1893 - 1947 )
Marston , the creator of Wonder Woman , may not have the literary credentials of the other people on this list – although he did invent the lie detector test , for what that 's worth – but his creation of the first female superhero might have the most pop culture impact .
His personal idiosyncrasies , which included living with his wife and girlfriend in a polyamorous relationship , influenced the character 's subtext , often leading to Wonder Woman being tied up by other Amazons in situations that evoked bondage imagery ( there are entire sites devoted to tracking this very phenomenon ) .
In an era when even recognized comic book geniuses like Will Eisner were content to rip off Superman , it took an uncompromisingly unique individual like Marston to create the first and still the best superheroine , and the medium is infinitely better for it .
6. Joanna Russ ( 1937 - )
One of the first and most important lesbian science fiction writers , Russ confronted sexism head - on in the 1970s with a number of works , both fiction and non-fiction .
Her most notable science fiction was probably 1975's The Female Man , which considered four women living on four different parallel universes who then travel between each other 's worlds .
The different universes include a universe where the Great Depression is still going strong , one that is essentially the same as the real world , another that is a utopian society without any men at all , and a universe where the two genders are literally at war .
Russ uses this multiversal backdrop to compare how the various characters ' situations influence their conceptions of gender politics and sexuality .
Advertisement
7. Alice Bradley Sheldon ( 1915 - 1987 )
Better known by her male pseudonym , James Tiptree Jr. , Sheldon spent her science fiction career methodically deconstructing supposed boundary lines of sex and gender ( she herself was bisexual ) .
She looked at the nature of sex , at times characterizing it as a playful expression of human free will , but otherwise seeing it more as an animalistic force in such stories as " Love Is the Plan the Plan Is Death " and " The Screwfly Solution . "
Her 1975 novella " Houston , Houston , Do You Read ? " dealt with three male astronauts thrown through an anomaly in space to an Earth inhabited solely by women , which Sheldon characterizes as a peaceful but stagnant society .
" The Women Men Don't See " , on the other hand , depicted two women who used an alien abduction as an opportunity to escape the limitations of their lives on Earth .
She depicted sex with a frankness and clarity that was exceptional for science fiction authors of the day , male or female .
Advertisement
8. Olaf Stapledon ( 1886-1950 )
His 1935 novel Odd John is one of the earliest to explore sexual themes in science fiction .
Following John Wainwright , a British mutant with extraordinary mental abilities , the novel in part addresses the sorts of relations a superhuman such as John could have with regular people .
Although Stapledon never quite comes out and says it explicitly , Odd John almost certainly suggests that Wainwright has sex with both his own mother and a young boy .
Ultimately , he concludes that all relations with normal humans are morally wrong on the grounds that his advanced intellect makes any such act essentially bestiality .
9. Theodore Sturgeon ( 1918 - 1985 )
The same year as Philip José Farmer 's " The Lovers " broke new ground with love between species , Theodore Sturgeon shattered the taboo against depictions of homosexuality in science fiction with his short story " The World Well Lost . "
The story follows a pair of seemingly male and female alien lovers who visit Earth and become celebrities until their home planet demands their extradition .
When the aliens reveal to one of the astronauts tasked with bring them home that they are both male and that their crime is love , he sets them free , in part because he nurses a secret love for his copilot .
The story was so controversial that it barely got published ; the first editor Sturgeon showed it to actively called other editors , demanding they not publish it .
Thankfully , Universe magazine saw it differently , and science fiction is infinitely better for it .
Advertisement
10 . John Varley ( 1947 - )
His " Eight Worlds " stories depict how technology manages to make homophobia obsolete ( well , more obsolete ) .
In a future culture where people can change their gender instantly , there is little room for views that see homosexual relationships as different from heterosexual ones , as a person could wake up one day in one relationship and go to sleep in the other .
Advertisement
Top image from Clyde Caldwell 's cover illustration for Farmer 's Strange Relations .
概要
実施要項
目的
TeXに関する開発・活用例について発表すること
ユーザの立場から問題点や要望を発信すること
専門家のもつ組版技術の知識・理解を共有すること
交友を深めるこ と
などを目的としております。
9:30 - 9:35 開会の辞 奥村 晴彦（実行委員長 ） ( 1 ) 9:35 - 9:55 「 TeX 挿図用 CAS パッケージ KETpic の開発と今後 」 ○高遠 節夫（東邦大学） ，金子 真隆（木更津高専） ，
北原 清志（工学院大学），越川 浩明（敬愛大学） ，
深澤 謙次（呉高専），山下 哲（木更津高専 ） ( 2 ) 9:55 - 10:15 「 TeX 描画のための CAS マクロパッケージ KETpic 用 GUI の開発 」 ○中村 泰之（名古屋大学大学院情報科学研究科） ，
高遠 節夫（東邦大学薬学部 ） 10 分 ( 休憩 ) ( 3 ) 10:25 -10:45 「 独自数式入力システムの開発と
TeX の Web アプリケーション化 」 町野 明徳（東京大学大学院理学系研究科 ）
( 4 ) 10:45-11:05 「 高校教科書のオープンソース化（TeX とウェブという視点から） 」 吉江 校一（コンテンツアンドシステムズ ，FTEXT ） 15 分 ( 休憩 ) ( 5 ) 11:20 -12:05 招待講演 :「 TeX と DITA 」 中野 賢（ネクストソリューション） 1時間 昼食にはお弁当の申込を推奨しま す
( 6 ) 13:05 - 13:25 「 BibTeX のスタイルファイルをカスタマイズするツールの開発について 」 萩平 哲（大阪大学大学院医学研究科 ） ( 7 ) 13:25 -13:45 「 Geometry 5.0 : A More Flexible Interface to Page Dimensions 」 梅木 秀雄 ( 8 ) 13:45-14:05 特別ゲスト :「 ko .
TeX and Korean TeX Society : Past , Present , and Future 」 趙 珍煥 ( 水原大学数学科 ) 15 分 ( 休憩 ) ( 9 ) 14:20 -14:40 「 化学分野の論文投稿・書籍出版と XyMTeX 」 藤田 眞作（湘南情報数理化学研究所） ( 10 ) 14:40 - 14:55 「 dvibrowser〜ピュア
Java 実装の DVI プレビューア 」 長尾 雄行（産業技術大学院大学 ） ( 11 ) 14:55 -15:15 「 プレゼンテーション資料作成作業への
Rule of Three 適用支援 」 轟 眞市（物質・材料研究機構光材料センター） 15 分 ( 休憩 ) ( 12 ) 15:30 - 15:45 「 ptexlive の開発状況と今後 」 土村 展之（関西学院大学理工学部 ） ( 13 ) 15:45 -16:00 「 Fink における TeX の状況の紹介 」 岡山 友昭（東 大
Fink チーム） ( 14 ) 16:00 - 16:20 「 Vine Linux 5.0 における日本語 TeX 環境の特 徴
――利用者・現場・開発者の情報共有―― 」 山本 宗宏 （Project Vine） 15 分 ( 休憩 ) ( 15 ) 16:35 - 16:55 「 upTeX/upLaTeX の開発と今後 」 田中 琢爾 ( 16 ) 16:55 - 17:15 「 upLaTeX を用いた多言語文献目録の組版 」 守岡 知彦（京都大学人文科学研究所） ( 17 ) 17:15 - 17:35 「 TeX を用い た Web 上での稀覯書の電子復刻 」 永田 善久（福岡大学人文学部 ） 17:35 - 17:40 閉会の辞 大島 利雄（大会委員長 ）
18:00 - 発表終了後に懇親会を開催します
組織
大会委員長 大島利雄（東京大学大学院数理科学研究科） 実行委員長 奥村晴彦（三重大学教育学部） 実行委員（五十音順） 黒木裕介 杉村由花 鈴木秀幸（東京大学生産技術研究所） 田中健太（東京工業大学教育工学開発センター） 土村展之（関西学院大学理工学部 ）
お弁当を申し込んでいる方以外は，昼食の手配は各自でお願いします。会場近辺で昼食をとることのできる場所が限られていますので，ご注意ください。また，発表終了後に懇親会を開催します。
昼食用お弁 当
申し込まれた方には 大学生協で販売している手作り弁当（数種類）を，ご用意します。
大学生協で販売している手作り弁当（数種類）を，ご用意します。 価格 : 450円（当日徴収）
懇親会
会場階下（生 研An棟1階）にて立食形式で行います。
場所 : ITALIA 家庭料理 Capo PELLICANO 駒場店
参加費 : 一般 5000 円，学生 3000 円（当日徴収 ）
発表申込は締め切りました。多数のご応募ありがとうございました。発表を申し込まれました方は，アブストラクトのご提出をお願いします。不明な点などがありましたら texconf09 ( at ) oku.edu.mie-u.ac.jp 宛にメールでお問い合わせください。
アブストラクト（いわゆるカメラレディ原稿）は，A4判1ページのPDFに発表タイトル・お名前（所属）・連絡先・発表の概要を記して7月末日までに texconf09 ( at ) oku.edu.mie-u.ac.jp 宛にお送りください。いただいたアブストラクトは当日配布のほか，ウェブでの公開を予定しております。
1件あたりの発表時間 は15分程度 ( 質疑応答を含め て20分程度 ) を予定しています。
Nick Clegg says economic realities have changed The Lib Dems are to drop their pledge to cut the overall tax burden at the next election in light of the worsening economic situation .
Leader Nick Clegg won a battle at the party 's 2008 conference to put a broad tax - cutting message at the heart of the party 's next election manifesto .
But Mr Clegg told the Financial Times net tax cuts were now " implausible " given the state of the public finances .
The party says it is still committed on a 4 p cut in basic income tax .
Tough choices A spokesman said its longstanding pledge to cut the headline rate of tax from 20 p to 16 p was still " fundamental " .
But Mr Clegg is following Conservative leader David Cameron in adjusting his party 's sights given the budgetary constraints expected after the next election .
Mr Cameron has warned tough choices will be needed on tax and spending if spiralling public deficits are to be brought under control and said reducing debt levels would be a priority .
The government is also reported to have postponed its Comprehensive Spending Review amid speculation it will also need to revise its spending projections .
An announcement is expected in the Budget later this month .
In September , Mr Clegg won the backing of his party to give some of the £ 20 bn he claims the party can save from cutting government waste back in additional tax cuts for low and middle income earners .
A minority within the party opposed the move , which marked a significant shift in Lib Dem policy , which had seen it fight general elections on a tax - raising platform .
Now , Mr Clegg has acknowledged reducing the overall tax take , in the short term at least , given the deterioration in the state of the public finances .
The Lib Dems have broadly backed Labour 's plan to sharply increase borrowing - which ministers say is necessary and sustainable - to help the economy through the recession .
But they have attacked many of the government 's measures , such as the 2 % VAT cut , as flawed and ineffective .
Mr Clegg said his long - term goal was still to cut taxes and he would focus on redistributing the tax burden by ending tax breaks for the rich and tackling tax avoidance .
And while accepting the state may have to grow in the short term , Mr Clegg said politicians had to be honest about where spending cuts may have to come from in the next Parliament .
Beyond existing commitments to scrap ID cards and government " baby bonds " , Mr Clegg said areas such as public sector pension entitlements and university enrolment targets could be looked at .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Those who want peace in the Hamas - Israeli conflict need support , the UN ’s John Ging tells MARY FITZGERALD , Foreign Affairs Correspondent
THE CONFLICT in the Middle East should be “ depoliticised and rehumanised ” and effective mechanisms for accountability on both sides need to be put in place , the Irish director of the UN Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) operations in Gaza has said on a visit to Dublin .
John Ging also repeated UNRWA calls for the Israeli blockade on Gaza to be lifted so that reconstruction efforts could begin in earnest following the Israeli military offensive on the territory earlier this year which resulted in the deaths of more than 1,300 Palestinians .
He said rocket attacks on Israel must cease , and Gilad Shalit , the Israeli soldier held in Gaza since his capture by Palestinian militants in 2006 , must be released .
“ Both sides have to live up to their responsibilities , ” he argued .
“ I know there are sufficient people on both sides who are committed to legal and political processes . . . but they need help , ” he said .
“ The situation is very bleak and the prospects are even bleaker if we stay on the same course . ”
Mr Ging met Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheál Martin yesterday before briefing the Oireachtas Committee on Foreign Affairs on the current situation in Gaza .
He later gave the annual Trócaire lecture at St Patrick ’s College , Maynooth , where he spoke on the responsibility to protect civilians during conflict .
Mr Ging became a regular fixture in the international media during the January conflict in Gaza , providing regular on - the - ground updates on the worsening humanitarian situation there as Israel stepped up its aerial bombardment and fighting between Israeli forces and Hamas intensified .
“ What can we do to protect civilians during conflict ?
We can do a lot better and Gaza is a case in point , ” he said last night .
“ We have to find ways to ensure there is not a repeat . ”
Echoing the words of UN secretary general Ban Ki-moon in the wake of the Gaza conflict , Mr Ging said the conflagration had been “ the product of collective political failure ” .
Too much attention had been paid to political rhetoric , and not enough to the consequences of the conflict , he said .
“ We cannot wait for political solutions to kick - start development in Gaza . ”
During a wide - ranging discussion with TDs and Senators at the Oireachtas committee meeting , Mr Ging talked about the fallout from the January violence , the effects of the continuing Israeli blockade on Gaza , and the internal dynamics of the Hamas - controlled territory .
The Israeli blockade was preventing the “ restoration of a dignified existence ” for Gazans , he said .
“ People languish in the rubble of their despair . . . the most immediate need is access .
It is the key to everything , ” Mr Ging added , drawing particular attention to the plight of young Palestinians living in Gaza who are prevented from leaving the territory to take up scholarships and pursue other educational opportunities .
“ Without access there is no positive prospect for the future . ”
He outlined UNRWA ’s work in Gaza , from projects aimed at addressing immediate humanitarian needs to programmes focused on human development .
The latter is crucial in terms of ensuring Gaza ’s large population of young people mitigate the effects of the environment in which they live , he said , adding that the threat of growing extremism is very real .
“ The decent parents of Gaza are really worried about what is happening to their children . ”
Mr Ging said that in his experience , most ordinary Palestinians are opposed to indiscriminate rocket attacks on Israel .
“ That is the tragedy of it .
It ’s the people who do n’t support the rocket fire that are suffering , not those who are actually firing the rockets . ”
Turning to Hamas , he said there needed to be an “ unequivocal end to violence ” by the organisation and acceptance of the conditions laid down by the Quartet comprising the EU , US , UN and Russia .
Responding to Senator Mark Daly , who asked if the EU - Israel Association Agreement , which gives Israel preferential trade terms with EU member states , should be used as leverage to pressure Israel , Mr Ging said what was needed in terms of the Middle East conflict was “ conditionality of friendship ” .
“ Both sides need friends who tell them the truth about their actions , and put conditions on their friendship , ” he added .
Several members of the Oireachtas Committee on Foreign Affairs called for a comprehensive international inquiry into alleged war crimes committed during the conflict in Gaza .
Earlier , Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheál Martin paid tribute to the role Mr Ging played in highlighting the human cost of the violence in Gaza , and the continuing humanitarian crisis there .
“ Your advocacy was effective – you helped to show the world what was really happening ; its costs in human terms ; its cost in material terms ; its cost in reinforcing bitterness and hatred .
In other words ; its utter futility . ”
John Ging : Bringing help to the people of the Strip
John Ging was appointed director of UNRWA operations in the Gaza Strip in 2006 .
He took up the post five days after Hamas won a majority of seats in the Palestinian elections .
His job involves overseeing UNRWA ’s development programmes in the territory as well as directing the provision of humanitarian supplies to 750,000 refugees .
From Portlaoise , Mr Ging joined the Defence Forces in 1983 and went on to serve in peacekeeping missions in the Middle East , Africa and the Balkans .
He later worked for Goal as regional director for Rwanda , Zaire and Tanzania in the immediate aftermath of the Rwandan genocide .
He was subsequently seconded by the Defence Forces to the OSCE mission for Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1997 , where he served until his appointment with UNRWA .
You can call me …
Alex
I identify as… Gender - fluid / non- bianary
As far as third - person pronouns go , … they / them and female pronouns sometimes he / him feels right
I ’m attracted to …
Anyone who I find attractive .
Gender is just a word
When people talk about me , I want them to …
Recognize I ’m another human .
I want people to understand …
Being Gender - fluid does n’t make me a different person !
About Alex
I ’m a theatre nerd !
And I am really akward
» Define yourself . «
Posted on April 9 , 2009 in Uncategorized
This is beyond depressing :
Lawyers for Binyam Mohamed face the incredible prospect of a six - month jail sentence in America after writing a letter to President Obama detailing their client ’s allegations of torture by US agents …
Clive Stafford Smith , director of legal charity Reprieve , and his colleague Ahmed Ghappour have been summoned to appear before a Washington court on May 11 after a complaint was made by the privilege review team .
The privilege team argue that by releasing the redacted memo Reprieve has breached the rules that govern Guantánamo lawyers and have made a complaint to the court of “ unprofessional conduct ” .
Torture case lawyers may face jail for letter JUSTICE
Guantanamo detainee launches legal battle over evidence .
Undated handout photo of Binyam Mohamed , a UK resident facing a military trial in Guantanamo Bay , who will launch a legal battle today to force the release of evidence allegedly held by the UK Government said to support his claim that he was the victim of extraordinary rendition and horrific torture .
Issue date : Monday July 28 , 2008 .
Lawyers acting for Mohamed , who is accused of terrorism offences , say there are strong grounds for believing the UK security and intelligence services hold the evidence .
But the Government is refusing to release it .
See PA story COURTS Guantanamo .
Photo credit should read : PA Wire URN : 6175478 ( Press Association via AP Images ) less Guantanamo detainee launches legal battle over evidence .
Undated handout photo of Binyam Mohamed , a UK resident facing a military trial in Guantanamo Bay , who will launch a legal battle today to force the ... more Photo : PA , Associated Press Photo : PA , Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Torture case lawyers may face jail for letter 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A former Guantanamo Bay prisoner who accused a Bay Area company of flying him to foreign torture chambers for the CIA is at the center of a bizarre new case , in which his lawyers face possible jail sentences for writing a letter that asked President Obama to disclose how brutally he was treated .
The government says the letter falsely accused a Pentagon review team of censoring details of the alleged torture of Binyam Mohamed from a document the attorneys wanted to send to Obama .
The lawyers stand by their accusations but have been summoned to Washington , D.C. , by a federal judge for a hearing next month on whether they should be held in contempt of court , punishable by up to six months in jail .
Mohamed , meanwhile , awaits a ruling from the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco on whether he and four other men can sue a Boeing Co. subsidiary in San Jose for allegedly colluding with the CIA to violate their rights .
The suit accuses the company , Jeppesen Dataplan , of taking part in " extraordinary rendition , " the practice of abducting suspects without extradition or legal proceedings and taking them to foreign countries or CIA prisons for interrogation .
The plaintiffs ' evidence includes a statement attributed to a Jeppesen director in 2006 that the company handled torture flights .
Jeppesen has denied wrongdoing .
At an appeals court hearing Feb. 9 , an Obama administration lawyer endorsed the Bush administration 's previous argument that the suit should be dismissed because it could expose state secrets about the rendition program and U.S. foreign relations .
Mohamed , a native of Ethiopia who lives in Britain , was freed two weeks after the hearing from nearly seven years in captivity , the last four at the U.S. naval base at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
He was arrested in Pakistan in 2002 and turned over to U.S. authorities as a suspected terrorist and Taliban fighter .
Mohamed said he had been beaten , hung from a pole and held in darkness and isolation at a CIA prison in Afghanistan and that his genitals were slashed with a razor blade by guards in Morocco before he was sent to Guantanamo .
He said the charges against him were based on confessions extracted by torture .
Those charges were dropped before he was released .
The charges against his attorneys stem from their effort to make the details of Mohamed 's treatment public after a British court ruled last year that there was evidence he had been tortured , but deleted that evidence from its ruling at the insistence of the Bush administration .
Seeking to release evidence
The attorneys , Clive Stafford Smith and Ahmad Ghappour of the British human - rights group Reprieve , drafted a letter to Obama on Feb. 9 urging him to release the evidence or to authorize Britain to do so .
They wrote that they were first presenting the letter and a document summarizing the classified evidence to the Defense Department 's Privilege Review Team , which monitors lawyer - client correspondence at Guantanamo , to clear it for forwarding to the president .
If the Pentagon refused to pass the evidence on to Obama , the lawyers said in the letter , they would send him a blacked - out document and advise him that he was being " denied access to material that would help prove that crimes have been committed by U.S. personnel . "
What happened next is disputed .
According to the lawyers , Ghappour submitted the classified memo to the Privilege Review Team four times , removing more material each time , but the team ultimately refused to clear any of the material to be sent to Obama .
Shortly afterward , Smith and Ghappour sent the letter and a blacked - out sheet to the president and released them to the media .
But the government , in court papers , said Ghappour approached a member of the review team with the classified document Feb. 10 and was told that the team had no authority to declassify such information , and that he should submit it to a security officer or a Justice Department lawyer .
Ghappour returned with the blacked - out document , asked for clearance , and got it approved after assuring the team member that he would send it only to Mohamed and not to Obama , government lawyers said .
Letter called deceptive
They said the letter that Mohamed 's lawyers sent to Obama the next day falsely accused the review team of concealing information from the president and was used to " deceive the press and the public " about the review team 's role .
Citing the government 's allegations , U.S. District Judge Thomas Hogan ordered the two attorneys to appear before him May 11 and face charges that they violated terms of the agreement they signed to gain access to the Guantanamo prisoners they represented .
He did not specify the violations .
Smith and Ghappour filed their reply under seal but have denied breaching the agreement .
' Deeply troubling '
David Cole , a Georgetown University law professor and legal commentator who is not involved in the case , said it was " deeply troubling " that lawyers could be punished for writing a letter to Obama about a secrecy decision that is ultimately the president 's responsibility .
But he said the bigger problem was the Bush administration 's decision to classify all information about its treatment of Mohamed .
" This was classification to hide its own criminal wrongdoing , and the people Judge Hogan really ought to be calling in are those who decided to classify this stuff in the first place , " Cole said .
Smith , the director of Reprieve and attorney for more than 50 prisoners who have been held at Guantanamo , told The Chronicle he was unable to discuss his case publicly .
But in an interview April 7 on Pacific Radio's Democracy Now , he called the contempt charges " frivolous " and said he would come to the United States for the hearing .
" I want the real issue to be why the government continues to cover up the evidence of Binyam 's torture , " Smith said .
Some 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus were killed during the genocide
Rwanda has suspended BBC broadcasts in the local language Kinyarwanda because of what it says is bias in BBC reports concerning the 1994 genocide .
A statement announcing the temporary ban singled out a programme it said amounted to blatant denial of genocide against the Tutsi and moderate Hutu .
The editor of the BBC programme denied that there had been any bias .
He said that the programme had offered to include a government spokesman in the programme , but it had declined .
The government added that Rwanda believed in differences of opinion and press freedom and had patiently continued to seek common ground and co-operation on the part of the BBC Great Lakes leadership .
But broadcasts giving free scope to " genocidaires and negationists of the genocide " would not be tolerated , said Minister of Information Louise Mushikiwabo on Rwanda Radio .
The editor of the BBC programme , broadcast at the weekend , Ally Mugenzi , said the difficulties had arisen because of the interpretation which the government was putting on the genocide .
I know it sounds counter - intuitive , but working in preschools has taught me that when kids act out , it ’s often because they ’re bored and want attention from us .
I ’ve noticed that when I give these kids MORE responsibility , jobs to do , and tasks to complete ( without being too ATTACHED to them actually accomplishing the task ) they respond by becoming more driven and successful .
This creates a positive cycle in which :
1 ) You notice some behaviors you do n’t like .
2 ) Rather than focusing on those behaviors , you offer alternatives in the form of tasks , jobs , or responsibilities ( careful here though , these must be tasks that would be nice to have done , but which are true requests - not demands ) .
3 ) Kids step up and become more willing and able to help out .
4 ) You notice and respond positively to these new behaviors .
5 ) The old behaviors you did n’t like naturally disappear as your child stretches to learn and grow .
6 ) Kids get the positive attention they ’ve been craving all along , and now they ’ve learned how to be productive with their extra energy !
When I ’ve done this in preschools I ’ve seen young people go from “ troublemaker ” to “ teacher ’s pet ” in a matter of days .
I ’m not kidding , the very kids that were driving me crazy , messing up other people ’s work , and just causing a ruckus became model citizens who in turn helped other kids to stay on task , follow the rules , and clean up after themselves .
Kids can choose a number of paths , some that help them assume responsible , self - sustaining and caring roles in their communities , others that disrupt peace , hurt others and require attention adults usually do n’t enjoy giving .
But here ’s the thing - the destructive path only gets them so far .
Sure , there ’s the initial thrill of shocking those around them , and maybe there ’s even a payoff of extra attention .
Perhaps they even get a little extra respect at first as they begin to experience their own power .
A note on attention — Young people often either ca n’t or do n’t distinguish between positive and negative attention very well .
Either one is more attention after all .
And for a kid who ’s hungry for attention , even negative attention feels good .
So , consider for a moment that rather than trying to tick you off , kids are really just trying to meet their own needs for attention !
And then the thrill wears off …
Because ultimately it ’s in kids ’ best interest to remain aligned with the adults in their lives .
They have an innate drive to be connected with the people who feed , clothe , and bathe them .
So , after a while , the more connected , constructive path begins to look a lot more appealing .
Because when we can teach kids how to use their intelligence and inspiration to help and support ( rather than be destructive to ) their families and communities , we ’re inviting them into a much more fulfilling role to play .
And not just for now , but for their entire lives !
But whatever path your child is choosing in a given moment , the more we can remember to hold them with compassion and keep in mind that they ’re always doing their best to meet their needs , the more we can model the peaceful , loving behavior we ’re really wanting from them .
And , like it or not , your kids will behave like you do .
So , remember that you ’re the leader , helping the young people in your life choose the path that ’s most life - giving and enjoyable by seeing the positive intentions behind all their behaviors , even the ones that bug you the most .
And when they ’re willing , give them jobs and tasks to help them build a stronger foundation of trust and responsibility .
I ’d love to hear about your experiences as you try this out .
Please leave a comment here …
Love and hugs , Shelly
EWING -- Amateur video of a local college student being arrested does not show any evidence of police brutality , despite the student 's claim of " blatantly excessive force . "
The video , obtained Wednesday by The Times , shows College of New Jersey student Michael Tracey on the ground and screaming as officers attempt to arrest him following a speech by political commentator Ann Coulter last week .
The partial video does not show Tracey being wrestled to the ground .
Ewing Police arrest student at Ann Coulter lecture
No violence is evident and Tracey is not struck in the footage , which begins with him already on the ground and officers kneeling over him .
One officer is leaning across Tracey , his shin over Tracey 's neck as the officer and another cop try to pry Tracey 's off the feet of a chair .
" Get off my head ! "
Tracey screams after a string of inaudible cries .
" Get off my head ! "
The officers manage to pull Tracey 's hands away and handcuff them behind his back .
Tracey is pulled to his feet , then two officers drag the bent student out the door as his legs go limp .
Applause can be heard at the end of the footage .
The 39 - seconds of video comes as supporters of the junior political science major have formed a Facebook group with over 1,100 members , tagged college buildings with chalk , and have planned a demonstration on campus for this morning .
" I think there was an overreaction by the security people , as far as I can tell , " said political science professor Darryl Fair , who will be speaking at the rally .
Fair added he believes Tracey 's civil rights were violated .
Tracey and his family maintain they want the charge of disorderly conduct that Tracey received to be dropped .
So far , Tracey has not filed a complaint with the township police department , whose Detectives Pat Holt and Jeffrey Jacobs made the arrest while working off - duty security .
The police report from that night says that Tracey went onto the stage , where Coulter was signing books .
After being advised the stage area was for those with books only , Tracey said he had a piece of paper and wanted an autograph .
" When he was told no , he went around two police officers and approached the table where Ann Coulter was sitting , " Holt wrote .
Holt took
Tracey off the stage and into the seating area , then told the student he was not allowed to go back to the stage and had to leave .
As Tracey walked back towards the stage , Holt grabbed Tracey 's coat in an attempt to stop him , but said Tracey spun out of the coat and ran towards the seating area .
Tackling Tracey toward the ground , Holt attempted to handcuff Tracey , but the young man would not put his hands behind his back .
" At that point Michael started to scream and carry on in a manner in which he was trying to draw attention from the crowd , " Holt wrote .
" Michael held on to one of the chairs in the seating area and would not let go .
He was told to stop resisting the arrest several times , but refused to comply . "
After Tracey released his grip , the report states he was cuffed , taken to the campus police station , processed , and released .
" It 's a routine arrest for us , " Lt. Gerald Jacobs said .
" Our officers made this arrest and this gentleman has his day in court . "
Compact discs were n't always impromptu drink coasters .
Once , in the not - so - distant past , they played music , contained pictures , and let people play video games with tacked - on FMV sequences .
And today , the venerable CD turned 30 .
Advertisement
Happy birthday !
1979-2009 .
Thirty years .
Pretty amazing that it's been that long since those crazy Dutchmen at Philips spun the technology off of laser discs as part of an optical digital audio disc demo in Eindhoven .
Of course , the CD did n't immediately take off right then and there .
It needed a little help from Sony , which worked with Philips to get the format standardized .
The standard they named Red Book , which included everything from playing time ( initially 60 minutes ) , to the disc diameter to sampling frequency .
Put simply , the collaboration worked out , and Red Book was a success .
In the book The Compact Disc Story , Philips reps lauded the task force they established with Sony .
The CD that team created was " invented collectively by a large group of people working as a team , " Philips said .
If only Apple and Microsoft could say the same , no ?
Oh , the things they could build .
Advertisement
Gushing and my bloviating aside , it would n't be until October 1 , 1982 that Billy Joel 's 52nd Street became the first CD album released .
It was conveniently released in Japan alongside Sony 's brand new CDP - 101 Compact Disc player .
The album ( and more importantly the medium it was pressed upon ) changed history , as more compact disc players were introduced into the market beginning in 1983 .
The music CD would reach its zenith with The Beatles " 1 " ( 30 million in sales ) , before beginning its eventual and inevitable fall to the Mp3 in the mid-2000's ( in 2008 , for example , CD sales dropped 20 % ) .
Related to that point on Mp3s is copy protection .
Or , to be more accurate , the CD 's complete and utter lack of copy protection of any kind .
When the Red Book was finalized , the standard made nary a mention of copy protection .
Other than an anti-copy clause in the subcode , there was nothing .
In fact , if a company tried to market a copy - protected CD ( no ripping , copying , etc ) , as many did in 2002 , Philips said the discs would not bear the official Compact Disc Digital Audio logo .
It 's great that Philips did this , because as is the case with many " protected " forms of media today , these non-standardized CDs were anti-consumer ; they often did not work in a variety of CD - ROM drives or standalone players .
And yet Lars Ulrich was silent .
Baffling , but true , and definitely an interesting parallel to today 's debate about digital rights management and piracy .
Advertisement
As was noted by Blam today in an email to me about this anniversary , Red Book 's active attempts to keep copy protection from the spec was incredibly forward thinking at the time .
You definitely did n't see it in the infamous anti-consumer Extended Copy Protection ( XCP ) debacle at Sony Music BMG .
Remember that ol ' chestnut ?
Ironic that the creator of the original standard would be somehow involved in one of the most egregious CD - related abuses of consumer trust , no ?
Advertisement
But back on point .
The CD is 30 .
It changed tech and gadgetry pretty substantially .
Even as it enters the twilight of its existence , we geeks have a lot to be thankful for , and there 's still plenty to learn from that copy of What 's the Story Morning Glory you have under your coffee mug right now .
[ Wikipedia ]
It ’s hard enough to keep your sexuality a secret while serving in the armed forces .
But what if you want to join NROTC on your college campus — with the admirable goal of following in your grandfather ’s footsteps — while also enjoying the freedoms of going away to university for four years of being your gay self ?
For one George Washington University freshman , the plan all came crumbling down when he kissed his boyfriend at a party .
Todd Belok says he knew how hard it would be to live under the radar going into NROTC ( the naval division ) , which he applied for while still a senior in high school .
“ I had done a report on ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell ’ in 12th grade .
I knew what it meant to be gay in the military , ” he tells GWU ’s The Hoya .
But even still , he moved forward with plans to enroll .
And then his boyfriend visited in the fall , they went to a frat party with other NROTC members , and they shared a kiss in front of others .
“ We kissed at the party , ” he said .
“ I was surprised when my commanding officer called me about it a few weeks later . ”
What Belok did not know was that two other midshipmen who had attended the party , GWU freshman Dave Perry and Squad Leader Nick Trimis , a GWU senior , reported his actions to Lt. Kathleen Meeuf , an assistant professor of naval science .
Still , Belok said , he expected that the situation would be swept under the rug without much controversy .
Yet , just a month later , he learned that he would either have to withdraw from the NROTC program or face a Performance Review Board .
After consulting with Servicemembers ’ Legal Defense Network attorneys , who advised that he withdraw and re-enter the Navy after college through the Officers Candidates School , Belok chose instead to go in front of the PRB .
In October , the PRB recommended Belok for disenrollment and dismissed him from the battalion in December .
Belok was removed from the NROTC despite a GWU policy which protects students in school - sponsored clubs from discrimination based on sexual orientation .
According to the university ’s Guide to Student Rights and Responsibilities for the 2008 – 2009 school year , “ The university will not permit discrimination on grounds of sex , race , color , religion , national origin , disability , sexual orientation or identity , or any other illegal basis in any university - recognized area of student life . ”
Lieutenant Colonel Dan Koprowski , professor of military science and the head of Georgetown ’s ROTC program , said that Georgetown had not dealt with any similar situations during his tenure .
“ I am not aware of any ROTC cadet at Georgetown having been separated from the program under ‘ do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ’
If it has happened , it was before I arrived in July 2007 , ” he said in an e-mail .
But despite all that :
The Local Law Enforcement Protection Act H.R. 1913 ( Matthew Shepard Bill ) has passed in the U.S. House of Representatives by a vote of 249-175 .
The bill expands the federal hate crimes statute to include actual or perceived sexual orientation and gender identity .
The bill will now move on to the senate , please contact your senators and urge them to vote for passage of the bill .
Description :
Financial stability concerns took centre stage once again over the period between end -August and end -November .
In the wake of the mid-September failure of Lehman Brothers , global financial markets seized up and entered a new and deeper state of crisis .
As money market funds and other investors were forced to write off their Lehman - related investments , counterparty concerns mounted in the context of large - scale redemption - driven asset sales .
The ensuing sell - off affected all but the safest assets and left key parts of the global financial system dysfunctional .
With credit and money markets essentially frozen and equity prices plummeting , banks and other financial firms saw their access to funding eroded and their capital base shrink , owing to accumulating mark to market losses .
Credit spreads surged to record levels , equity prices saw historic declines and volatilities soared across markets , indicating extreme financial market stress .
Government bond yields declined in very volatile conditions , as recession concerns and safe haven flows increasingly outweighed the impact of anticipated increases in fiscal deficits .
At the same time , yield curves steepened from the front end , reflecting repeated downward adjustments in policy rates .
Emerging market assets also experienced broad - based price declines , as depressed levels of risk appetite and associated pressures in the industrialised world spilled over into emerging financial markets .
With confidence in the continued viability of key parts of the international banking system collapsing , the authorities in several countries embarked on an unprecedented wave of policy initiatives to arrest the plunge in asset prices and contain systemic risks .
Market developments over the period under review went through four more or less distinct stages .
Stage one , which led into the Lehman bankruptcy in mid-September , was marked by the takeover of two major US housing finance agencies by the authorities in the United States .
Stage two encompassed the immediate implications of the Lehman bankruptcy and the wide - spread crisis of confidence it triggered .
Stage three , starting in late September , was characterised by fast - paced and increasingly broad policy actions , as responses to the crisis evolved from case by case reactions to a more international , system - wide approach .
In the fourth and final stage , from mid-October , pricing patterns were increasingly dominated by recession fears , while markets continued to struggle with the uncertainties surrounding the large number of newly announced policy initiatives .
Plymouth , England , March 23/09 : Ducklings rescued from drain by Plymouth police ..... self explanatory really .
You Tube
From The Situation Room April 23 , 2009 .
Eric Cantor tries to blame the media for the perception that the GOP does n't want to work with the President .
When asked if there was going to be some cooperation in the future from the GOP , Cantor says there will be as long as the Democrats are willing to adopt Republican ideas .
I think they already did by caving on some of those tax cuts the Republicans wanted , but Cantor and Blitzer seem to have forgotten about that .
Blitzer affords Cantor every opportunity to give some specifics about just what their " new " ideas are and I sure as hell did n't hear any .
Without specifics it sounded like more of the same from him .
Tax cuts , status quo on health insurance and " belt tightening " which is GOP double speak for cutting social spending .
Yeah that evil media never gives you guys a chance to let anyone know how you 're cooperating with the President .
Like you just had in this interview and failed to do .
You even managed to get a shot in and call the other side which is at most generous centrist and hardly far left , extremist .
That 's a great way to get some cooperation .
Name calling .
BLITZER : In this most recent CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll , by an almost 2 - 1 margin , 62 percent to 36 percent , they believe that the president is doing more than the GOP to try to reach some sort of cooperation with the other party .
Why does the American public think that the White House and the Democrats are more assertive in wanting to cooperate with you than the Republicans are ?
CANTOR : Well , Wolf , I may lay some of the blame back on that -- on your colleagues in mainstream media .
It 's just not as appetizing , I guess , to cover the plans that we have and the attempts that we 've made and we 'll continue to make to reach out not only to the president and the White House , but to Speaker Pelosi , who , frankly , has been unwilling to bring a consensus - building group together to try and see a way to bring the agenda back from the extreme to the mainstream .
But we 're going to continue trying .
Full transcript below :
BLITZER : Congressman , thanks very much for joining us .
CANTOR : Wolf , good to be with you .
BLITZER : How did that meeting go ?
CANTOR : Well , you know , look , I think it was a positive step to say that , look , we 're at the end of the first 100 days of this administration .
The bipartisan , bicameral leadership went to the White House , and we had a very frank discussion .
We really did , Wolf .
And we talked about sort of what to expect in the next five weeks in here Washington , and perhaps some of the progress that we can make together .
BLITZER : Is there going to be any cooperation on some of these fundamental economic - related issues ?
Because , as you know , not one member of the House on the Republican side voted with the president on the economic stimulus package .
CANTOR : Well , in fact , we had that very discussion , and the president and I talked about what happened and what broke down on the stimulus .
And he knows as well as many that we do have a plan for getting jobs created again in this country .
We did present a plan that we felt would create twice as many jobs at half the cost , but I think we agreed that perhaps because things broke down there , that maybe we should look for new ways of doing things .
BLITZER :
Are there any new ways , do you think ?
Is there any opening where we can see Republicans in the House and Senate work together with the Democrats and the White House ?
CANTOR : Well , you know , I really do see that , Wolf .
There are two things .
BLITZER : Where ?
Give me an example .
CANTOR : Well , for example , the president started the week with a meeting of his cabinet , and he suggested to the cabinet secretaries that they find $ 100 million in savings so that we could perhaps see Washington begin to behave like most families and businesses are doing in tough times , which is to tighten the belt .
So I asked the president to work with us .
We have plenty of ideas of how to cut waste in Washington and accomplish some meaningful spending , meaningful spending curtailment .
And that 's really what we 've got to do .
We 've got to save some taxpayer dollars .
Beyond that , we had a lot of discussion at this meeting on health care .
Obviously , this is the marquee on what the president has set out as his primary domestic agenda item .
And , you know , it is such a big issue .
It is not a Republican issue or a Democratic issue .
This is an issue that affects all people .
BLITZER : Well , is there a middle ground on health care reform where you , Eric Cantor , you believe you could find that middle ground with the White House ?
CANTOR : Well , I do , Wolf , because I think that if we all step back a minute and think about the single working mom who is in a suburb in one of the American cities across this country , and if we think about what she has to worry about when she puts her kids to bed , and what she 's thinking about at night , I bet we'd all come to the realization she 's worried about losing her job because it 's happening all around her .
She 's also worried if she loses her job she 's going to lose her health care .
And we 've got to address that issue .
We 've got to look at the issue of health care through the eyes of the working families in this country , and provide some solutions that will ensure that people in this country will be able to maintain their health care that they do have , and also maintain the ability to choose for themselves , to make sure that their kids can see their pediatricians that they want to see .
These are the kinds of things I think that all of us can agree on .
And if we approach it from that level , I do think that we can produce some results .
BLITZER : In this most recent CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll , by an almost 2 - 1 margin , 62 percent to 36 percent , they believe that the president is doing more than the GOP to try to reach some sort of cooperation with the other party .
Why does the American public think that the White House and the Democrats are more assertive in wanting to cooperate with you than the Republicans are ?
CANTOR : Well , Wolf , I may lay some of the blame back on that -- on your colleagues in mainstream media .
It 's just not as appetizing , I guess , to cover the plans that we have and the attempts that we 've made and we 'll continue to make to reach out not only to the president and the White House , but to Speaker Pelosi , who , frankly , has been unwilling to bring a consensus - building group together to try and see a way to bring the agenda back from the extreme to the mainstream .
But we 're going to continue trying .
Once the smoke clears , polluted dams will be a serious concern .
JOHN Brumby says he will set up a wide - ranging royal commission to examine every aspect of the terrifying bushfires that have swept Melbourne 's water catchment areas , costing around 200 lives , destroying property worth around $ 1.5 billion , traumatising a nation and putting the impact of the financial crisis in perspective .
The consequences of this fire will directly affect the development of Melbourne for at least a decade and perhaps longer unless there is a clear - eyed , unsentimental analysis of the likely consequences , starting with a willingness to look at the three pillars of government water policy  the north - south pipeline , the Wonthaggi desalination plant and the privatisation of water to facilitate water trading across the state  the unstated policy that underpins both these toxic infrastructure projects .
What will hopefully emerge is an understanding of the impact of the fires on the catchment areas  specifically , the ash and fire retardant chemicals left in the wake of the firestorm that will be washed into the dams after the first big rainfall , as happened in Canberra after the 2003 bushfires .
The ACT water quality issue is still not resolved and it is anticipated that water from the ACT Corin Dam will not be restored to potable quality for another five to 10 years .
Canberra has avoided catastrophe because it was able to swap its supply to an unaffected river catchment across the border in NSW .
One minute it was Kurt Warner going deep ... the next , it was some porn star !?
Super Bowl fans in Tucson , Ariz .
were subjected to 30 seconds of hard core porn -- wang and all -- when somehow , the game feed was suddenly interrupted by a clip from an adult television channel .
Yes , this actually happened .
Comcast -- the cable company in Tucson -- is working on an explanation , but right now it appears the porn break - in only occurred in its standard - definition feed reaching analog TV sets .
Fortunately -- or unfortunately , depending on your taste -- high def viewers were spared the wiener shot .
By Jason Palmer
Science and technology reporter , BBC News
Social networking sites overtook adult sites in popularity in September 2008
Sunday morning is proving a popular time for watching pornographic movies , a video on demand site has found .
Analysis of viewing figures shows peak demand for FilmOn 's " naughty movies " was around 1116 GMT on Sunday .
By contrast , internet analysts
Hitwise found that usage of video sites peaked on Sundays but more traditional adult sites experienced a dip .
Sundays , it said , was the top day for visits to internet shopping and social networking sites .
Explaining the film viewing data , Alki David , founder of FilmOn , said : " The data applies to both men and women and it certainly poses the question about what has happened to the traditional ' day of rest ' in Great Britain . "
' Extreme distraction '
The figures for January were uncharacteristically high , given the slump that typically follows the holiday season .
But Mr David was unsure why adult content was favoured .
" I have no idea , " he told BBC News .
" It may have to do with the Winter and the oncoming depression .
Cheap entertainment seems to be faring quite well right now , and adult content is the most extreme distraction of all . "
Different genres of downloaded videos peaked on different days ; " family viewing " films experienced a peak on Wednesdays , while sport - related titles showed a Saturday spike in sales .
This chimes with Hitwise 's figures across all sport - related sites , which have a pronounced peak on Saturdays around 50 % higher than any other day of the week .
This , according to Hitwise research director Robin Goad , is likely driven by football fans .
Primal directive Across all sites , Mr Goad says , Sundays proved most popular for shopping and social networking .
The surprise relationship between social networking and adult - themed sites came last September , when total page visits for social networking sites for the first time eclipsed that of adult sites .
But it is not simply that viewers of pornography abandoned it in favour of online social interaction , according to Mr Goad .
" It seems that some of the less extreme content that can be found in the ' adult ' category moved to these social sites , " he says .
It is unlikely that there is a shift away from adult viewing overall , according to Mr David , just that it is finding different online outlets , and video - on - demand is a rising star among " content delivery " methods online .
" Adult entertainment is always at the forefront of technological advances on the internet , that 's just fact .
" The reason that has been the case is because as humans we 're instinctively drawn to that type of behaviour .
I do n't think there 's anything particularly unusual in that in human terms .
If anything , it sheds light on our true primal instincts . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Spring has sprung , and with it , so has the two o'clock t***y .
As drivers enter San Francisco via the Octavia Street off - ramp , and they crest the small hill at Haight street , if their trip is timed just right and the sun is out , they will be greeted by one of the funniest landmarks this city has to offer : the two o'clock t***y .
Because of the unique design of St. Mary Cathedral , and the positioning of it geographically , a distinct shadow that resembles a woman 's breast is cast both in the morning and in the afternoon on the West and East sides of the church , respectively .
I first head about this on SFist , where they had a link to artolog 's photo stream from flickr with a picture of the afternoon shadow creeping across St. Mary 's Cathedral producing an image that as artolog states is , " better than the face of the Virgin Mary on a tortilla . "
I wanted to get a better look for myself , so a few weeks ago I went to Dolores Park for an overview shot of the city with the t*** yin view .
Luckily I was early , because before daylight saving time , a more appropriate name would 've been , the " one - thirty t***y . "
But now that we 've set our clocks forward , the two o'clock t***y is back in full force .
I had to go take a closer look and it seemed to me like the best spot to view St. Mary 's was from a little street called Rose in between Haight and Page streets .
I started thinking to myself , " I think this shadow landmark needs a name , " and just then I looked up at the Rose street sign to see that the street numerical was 200 , and the arrow was pointing at the two o'clock t***y .
Just then the planets aligned .
Well , the sun , the street sign , and I aligned and a rainbow appeared in the reflection of the sun on the Rose sign as the 2 ( :) 00 arrow pointed right at the Cathedral .
So I 'm here to propose that this formerly nameless and shameless shadow be given the name Rose , Our Lady of the Two O'clock T***y .
And a year from now , on the Sunday when we turn the clocks forward an hour , the fans of Rose should meet up on the corner of Rose and Octavia streets at 2 p.m. and toast the funny things in life that we can't control or anticipate .
I 'll be staying until at least 2:45 p.m. , because for my taste that 's when Rose is looking her best .
Josh Keppel has had artolog 's photo as his work computer screensaver since first reading the sfist article almost a year ago .
It should also be noted that while taking pictures for this story , he found that another great place to see Rose , Our Lady of the Two O'clock T***y is from Jefferson Square park just below St. Mary's .
Also , he wants to credit his wife for giving Rose her ' full ' name .
Breast cancer cells can spread to other parts of the body Scientists say they have identified an enzyme that helps cancer spread around the body .
Cancer metastasis , where the cancer spreads from its original location , is known to be responsible for 90 % of cancer - related deaths .
Institute of Cancer Research scientists have found that an enzyme called LOX is crucial in promoting metastasis , Cancer Cell journal reports .
Drugs to block this enzyme's action could keep cancer at bay , they hope .
The researchers studied breast cancer in mice , but are confident that their findings will apply to humans with other cancer types too .
This new discovery provides real hope that we can develop a drug which will fight the spreading of cancer
Lead researcher Dr Janine Erler LOX ( lysyl oxidase ) works by sending out signals to prepare a new area of the body for the cancer to set up a camp .
Without this preparation process the new environment would be too hostile for the cancer to grow .
Lead researcher Dr Janine Erler described the discovery as " the crucial missing piece in the jigsaw that scientists have been searching for . "
She said it was the first time one key enzyme has been identified as responsible for effectively allowing the cancer to spread .
" If we can interrupt the body 's ability to prepare new locations for the cancer to spread to , we can effectively prevent cancer metastasis .
" Cancer metastasis is very difficult to treat and this new discovery provides real hope that we can develop a drug which will fight the spreading of cancer , " she said .
Dr Julie Sharp , Cancer Research UK 's science information manager , said : " A better understanding of how cancer spreads is crucial to improving the treatment of the disease .
This research takes scientists a step closer to understanding this major problem - the next stage will be to find out if the LOX protein can be switched off to stop cancer spreading . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
December 12 , 2008
When it comes to foreign policy , there 's always been much more continuity than differences between Republicans and Democrats .
OF ALL the " teams " of Cabinet appointees that President - elect Barack Obama has introduced , his foreign policy appointees represent the biggest gap between Obama 's campaign rhetoric about " change " and the reality of " more of the same . "
What could better symbolize the status - quo nature of Obama 's selections than his retention of George W. Bush 's Defense Secretary , Robert Gates ?
Designating Hillary Clinton as secretary of state may be a savvy move to co-opt a rival , but it's also an implicit ( if not explicit ) admission that the differences the two expressed in the Democratic primaries -- over her vote to authorize the Iraq war or his insistence on the need to engage Iran - - really did n't amount to much .
Add in Vice President - elect Joe Biden -- whose supposed foreign policy " expertise " includes a vote to authorize the war in Iraq and a plan to partition that country into three ethnic mini-states -- and National Security Adviser James Jones , who just as easily could have turned up in a McCain administration , and you have a lineup of hawks who certainly do n't represent " change we can believe in . "
Columnist : Lance Selfa Lance Selfa is the author of The Democrats : A Critical History , a socialist analysis of the Democratic Party , and editor of The Struggle for Palestine , a collection of essays by leading solidarity activists .
He is on the editorial board of the International Socialist Review .
A recent U.S. News and World Report story indicated that Obama may pick Gen. Michael Hayden , the former director of the National Security Agency under Bush , as the next director of the CIA .
If that comes to pass , it will represent an even bigger concession to the national security establishment than appointing Gates and Clinton .
In 2006 , Obama was one of 15 senators who voted against Hayden 's confirmation as NSA director -- because , he said at the time , of Hayden 's support for the NSA 's warrantless wiretapping program .
Dismayed liberals consoled themselves with the fact that Obama designated Harvard professor Susan Rice to be his UN ambassador .
But they should hold their applause for Rice .
Her " liberal " credentials appear mainly to stem from her penchant of championing U.S. military intervention for " humanitarian " purposes .
THERE IS both a general and a specific lesson in Obama 's status quo appointments .
The general one is about the position of U.S. foreign policy ( or , you might say , management of the U.S. empire ) in the political system .
One of the oldest clichés in American politics holds that " politics stops at the water 's edge " -- that is , that partisan disputes are n't supposed to interfere with the conduct of American foreign policy .
On the biggest , guiding questions of American foreign policy , this is certainly the case .
But within these wider agreements on goals and aims , there is room for disagreement on the particulars .
This is especially true during election season , when candidates and parties accentuate even miniscule differences to appeal to their respective voting bases .
As foreign policy analyst Andrew Bacevich explained in 2002 , " Through tacit agreement , the two major parties approach the contest for the presidency less as an opportunity for assessing U.S. policies abroad than for striking poses -- a hallowed and inviolable bit of political kabuki . "
During the 2000 election campaign , George W. Bush blasted Clinton for promoting " nation - building " in places like the Balkans , overextending the deployment of the armed forces and taking too soft a posture towards China , among other points .
Future National Security Adviser Condoleezza
Rice even hinted that the U.S. would pull its forces out of the Balkans , telling the New York Times in 2000 , " We really do n't need to have the 82nd Airborne escorting kids to kindergarten . "
After Rice 's trial balloon caused an outcry in Europe and the U.S. media , Bush said he had no intention of pulling out of the Balkans .
And despite its stated hostility to " nation - building , " the Bush administration became bogged down in just such an endeavor in Afghanistan and Iraq .
These examples show that when it comes to foreign policy , there is much more continuity between administrations of the two main political parties than there are differences .
As Bacevich noted , most disagreements between Democratic and Republican administrations emerge on the margins of the main questions of U.S. foreign policy .
As to the specific lesson of Obama 's appointments -- what they say about Obama 's role in 2008 - - it 's important to point out that Obama aims to bring some change to U.S. foreign policy .
But it is a change of style , rather than of substance .
One constant theme since the beginning of his presidential campaign has been " renewing American leadership , " which , he argued , Bush 's reckless and stupid foreign policy moves had squandered .
In a recent interview with the International Socialist Review , socialist Middle East expert Gilbert Achcar explained Obama 's importance for the U.S. imperial project :
In my opinion , repairing the damage caused by the Bush administration could be facilitated by such a profound and radical change ... of image for the United States .
An " imperialism with a Black and human face " could restore the image of the United States that was so greatly tarnished by the disaster of the Bush administration .
In international polls , the image of the United States has never reached such lows , even during the period of Vietnam .
The majority sectors of the American dominant class feel the need to reconstruct the image and the reputation of the country .
A figure such as Barack Obama could facilitate this makeover and reconfirm key elements in the American ideology : democracy , social mobility , etc .
The rapturous crowds that greeted Obama in Berlin last summer demonstrated Achcar 's point .
And in the U.S. , Obama crafted a message that wrapped quite conventional positions within the gauze of liberalish rhetoric .
While the majority of voters fed up with the war in Iraq heard Obama 's pledges that " we will end the war in Iraq , " they did n't read his position papers spelling out a drawn - out troop reduction , with plans to leave military bases and thousands of U.S. troops and mercenaries in Iraq for perpetuity .
Clinton 's refusal to repudiate her vote for the Iraq war allowed Obama to campaign against her as someone who would n't be captive to establishment thinking .
But in fact , Obama 's and Clinton 's foreign policy stands -- like their domestic policy stands -- were virtually identical .
So Clinton should have no problem advocating for Obama 's policies overseas .
She agrees with most of them .
Nor should we forget that in the first McCain - Obama debate -- the one that was designated to center on foreign policy -- Obama agreed with McCain on at least eight occasions .
In sum , Obama 's hawkishness and deference to the foreign policy establishment -- notwithstanding whatever changes of atmosphere from Bush he plans to implement -- was no secret .
Liberals who are just now waking up to that fact allowed wishful thinking to cloud their judgment .
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Photo by Martin Amm
Martin
Amm is a very young german nature photographer who has become famous especially for his supermacro shots of insects covered by the little drops of waters of the morning dew .
Enjoy this brief selection : To see more amazing pictures by Martin Amm click here
When a society makes it a huge priority to protect people from their own stupidity , it will eventually grind to a slow , bureaucratic halt .
I have to show my ID to buy Sudafed , spray paint or glue because someone has decided I might use these items to do something stupid .
However , I can buy bullets without an ID .
I was talking to a policeman the other day and discovered I could be thrown in jail for the amount of decongestant I had in my house .
Seriously !
When it comes to the safety of society as a whole , I ’m much more concerned about a couple lunatics running around with an unlimited supply of bullets than teenagers armed with nasal decongestant and super glue .
Yes , I know that teenagers can use those items to make drugs , get high , and glue all their fingers together .
Using drugs can cause permanent brain damage–but seriously , with all the anti-drug education , if they do n’t realize doing drugs is dangerous , do n’t they have some type of damage already ?
If things continue , we will eventually have to show an ID to buy almost anything .
If you try , you can come up with dangerous uses for just about anything .
Super - soaker Water Gun – Could be filled with dangerous chemicals and sprayed in people ’s eyes .
Bleach – See item number one .
Disposable Camera –
The flash mechanism has a capacitor capable of delivering a shock of 300 volts .
( I know this from experience ) Hair Dryer , Toaster , Electric Drill , Coffee Mug Warmer –
If you drop any of these in your bath water … goodbye cruel world .
Rope – Could be used to hang yourself .
Coffee Mug – Could be filled with boiling hot water and thrown at someone .
Computer and Internet – Could be used to read this list .
Telephone – Could be used to call and taunt a bully who comes over with a super - soaker full of bleach and sprays in you in the face .
Let ’s try to protect the weaker people in our society , but not at the expense of choosing a path where everyone is eventually protected from doing just about anything .
I know a farmer who is a very intelligent no -nonsense type of person .
He feels that all of the warning labels were contributing to a decline in human IQ .
If warning labels are the only thing preventing you from raising a running lawnmower over your head , ironing your clothes while wearing them , or trying to cram someone into a clothes dryer , your genetics would probably do more damage than benefit to the human gene pool .
I ’m not saying we should just remove all the warning labels and let the cards fall where they may , but I think we need to look down the road 30 years and think about the logical outcome of where we are currently headed as a society .
We may be hampering our growth in productivity and technological advances by spending too much time trying to legislate common sense .
Originally published on March 21 , 2007 .
Workers demolishing the wall of a building that once belonged to the former Nazi German Auschwitz - Birkenau death camp have found a message in a bottle written by prisoners 65 years ago , Auschwitz museum officials said .
" We know two of the Auschwitz prisoners who signed the message survived the camp , but their later fate is n't known , " Auschwitz - Birkenau museum historian Jerzy Mensfelt told AFP in a telephone interview .
" If they are alive , they would be in their 80s now .
Perhaps the publicity surrounding this discovery will lead to more information , " he said .
Workers found the bottled message when recently demolishing a wall at the State Higher Vocational School in the southern Polish town of Oswiecim , the site of the infamous World War II Auschwitz Nazi German death camp .
The bottle with a note inside had been placed in the mortar of a wall of building which had served as a warehouse for the camp 's Nazi guards during the war .
Hand - written in pencil , the note bears the names and camp ID numbers of seven camp prisoners including four Poles and one Frenchman from Lyon , Mr Mensfelt confirmed .
All were aged 18 to 20 .
Further details are expected to be made public in the coming days , he said .
More than 1 million people , mostly European Jews , perished at the Auschwitz - Birkenau twin death camps during World War Two .
Nazi Germany established Auschwitz as part of Adolf Hitler 's systematic genocide against European Jews .
In total , 6 million Jews died in the Holocaust .
Others who died there as well included tens of thousands of non-Jewish Poles , Soviet prisoners of war , Romas ( gypsies ) and anti-Nazi resistance fighters from across Europe .
- AFP
Save the Internet with rev=" canonical " 10 Apr 2009
Related : A rev=" canonical " HTTP Header Slashdot : Note that rev=" canonical " ( reverse link ) and rel= " canonical " ( forward link ) indicate the same relationship in opposite directions .
Also , be careful not to make the assumption that shorter URLs are always better .
Obviously , I prefer the URL I 'm using , but if you require a shorter one , please use http://tr.im/revcanonical.
( I use rev=" canonical " to indicate this preference , which is what this post is all about . )
For more information about my obsession with URLs , see URL Vanity and URLs Can Be Beautiful .
Thanks for reading !
There 's a new proposal ( " URL shortening that does n't hurt the Internet " ) floating around for using rev=" canonical " to help put a stop to the URL - shortening madness .
It sounds like a pretty good idea , and based on some discussions on IRC this morning , I think a more thorough explanation would be helpful .
I 'm going to try .
The premise is pretty simple .
In order to avoid the great linkrot apocalypse , we can opt to specify short URLs for our own pages , so that compliant services ( adoption is still low , because the idea is pretty fresh ) will use our short URLs instead of TinyURL.com ( or some other third - party alternative ) replacements .
This is easiest to explain with an example .
I have an article about CSRF located at the following URL :
http://shiflett.org/articles/cross-site-request-forgeries
I happen to think this URL is beautiful . :-)
Unfortunately , it is sure to get mangled into some garbage URL if you try to talk about it on Twitter , because it 's not very short .
I really hate when that happens .
What can I do ?
If rev=" canonical " gains momentum and support , I can offer my own short URL for people who need one .
Perhaps I decide the following is an acceptable alternative :
http://shiflett.org/csrf
Here are some clear advantages this URL has over any TinyURL.com replacement :
The URL is mine .
If it goes away , it 's my fault .
( Ma.gnolia reminds us of the potential for data loss when relying on third parties . )
The URL has meaning .
Both the domain ( shiflett.org ) and the path ( csrf ) are meaningful .
Because the URL has meaning , visitors who click the link know where they 're going .
I can search for links to my content ; they 're not hidden behind an indefinite number of short URLs .
There are other advantages , but these are the few I can think of quickly .
With rev=" canonical " , I can indicate my preferred short URL for the canonical one .
I just have to hope the idea catches on .
First , I need to make sure my short URL redirects to the canonical URL .
I can do this with PHP :
<? php header ( ' Location : http://shiflett.org/articles/cross-site-request-forgeries', TRUE , 301 ) ; ?>
This results in a 301 ( permanent ) redirect , which is what I want .
( Thanks to Vanessa 's comment , I have learned that this is interpreted the same as rel= " canonical " . )
With my short URL redirecting to the canonical one , I just need to add rev=" canonical " to the canonical ( long ) URL :
< link rev=" canonical " href = " http://shiflett.org/csrf " />
If Twitter adopts this , then whenever someone uses the canonical URL , Twitter will replace it with my preferred short URL instead of some TinyURL.com garbage .
Would n't that be nice ?
There is some confusion between rev=" canonical " and rel= " alternate shorter " .
The former means the current URL is the canonical equivalent of the URL in the href attribute .
( Thus , it is the opposite of rel= " canonical " .)
The latter indicates the same thing but also means the URL in the href attribute is shorter .
In practice , all you really need is rev=" canonical " , as indicated by Dopplr 's support :
< link rev=" canonical " href = " http://dplr.it/brooklyn "
/><!--
http://revcanonical.appspot.com/ -->
There is a tool you can use to test Dopplr 's implementation , test my example , or test your own .
I like to give credit where credit is due , so I asked Kellan Elliott - McCrea ( @kellan ) to tell us about the idea 's history :
The idea emerged in conversation between myself , Les Orchard , and Kevin Marks .
( Rafe Colburn suggested something similar about 2 years ago . )
Niall Kennedy and Shawn Medero provided useful comments .
I just documented and wrote the code .
It is already being supported by Dopplr , PHP.net , Ars Technica , and Flickr .
Let 's hope Twitter jumps on the bandwagon soon !
I could have written this post as a more standard blog post with a catchy stand - alone intro , but it ’s worth not doing that in this case .
This post is about how we ’re missing out on the conversational aspect of blogging , and part of the reason we ’re missing out is precisely because we ’re too worried with the techniques of blogging instead of the reasons why we blog .
My last post highlighted something Jonathan Mead wrote on his blog , but I actually wrote this post first and then stalled on it because I got spooked out of saying what I ’ll say below .
Anyway , while I was writing a comment to that post , my word count started to get high , which is a sure sign that I should probably write a post about what I was thinking here rather than having a super - long comment on his .
This is something I end up doing often enough that I recognize the pattern , but something sparked this time .
Part of the spark came because of past conversations we ’ve had about “ work , ” but a lot of it was me reflecting on my SXSW experience .
To Blog is To Converse
I had a lot of rich conversations at SXSW with many cool , insightful people .
I ’ve had one particularly rich conversation with a score of people , and it gets richer with each new person I talk to .
Though I ’ve had my own thoughts in the discussion , my central role has been as the carrier of the idea and conversation .
Each of us have been carrying parts of this conversation on our own blogs and conversations .
But it ’s important to think about the fact that this conversation has been distributed through the Twitter stream , the blog stream , and the other collective experience streams and we ’re reflecting the ideas into our blogs and conversations .
We ’re adding value to the conversation , but most of us are self - aware and realistic enough to know that we did n’t start the conversation .
This conversational stream is one of the best benefits of blogging .
Yet we ’re really not harnessing it to the extent that we could .
Bringing the Conversation Back to Blogging
This section of the post is technical , but bear with me for a minute .
At one point in the evolution of blogging , there was enough of a difference between trackbacks and pingbacks that we used the two differently .
The technology has changed such to make little difference between them , but we lost something when that happened .
Many of us happily link to other sites with great content .
We throw a link and , if we are particularly thoughtful , try to make sure that link text has something relevant to the post or site so that the writers get some link juice .
Happily , the gremlins that run the interwebs send a pingback to the website , letting the writers know that someone linked to their site .
All is good with the world .
But we use that link as a one way point .
It points from one website to another – in other words , it sends people from one website to the next .
Please do n’t misread me here ; it ’s nice to send traffic and readers to other places that you think are relevant to them .
We used to use trackbacks to establish a two - way link between sites .
It was a way of saying “ this content is important enough that I ’d like to continue the discussion ” rather than “ that ’s a great discussion ; go join it over there . ”
Trackbacks , used properly , were a way of extending the same discussion and adding value to it .
Pingbacks pointed to a different conversion and – hopefully – added value to that discussion .
That ’s a big difference .
Of course , there was also the big difference between the two that a good trackbacked post also shared your audience with whoever you were talking about in a much more relevant way than a link .
People wanted to know what the rest of the conversation was about .
The point of this section is not so much about the technology , as that changes all the time .
It ’s about the way we talked to each other and joined conversations ; where we once at least paused to consider whether we wanted link or to extend the conversation , we now just link , thinking that it extends the conversation .
Rarely does linking serve to extend the conversation in the genuine way .
We Blog Because We Have Something To Say
I ’ll come out and say it right here : if you do n’t have anything to say , stop blogging .
Just stop .
Though that makes me sound like an ass , the truth of the matter is that most people have something to say .
They ’re just trying to figure out how to say it or are mustering up the courage to say it .
But the bloggers you know and love have a lot to say .
Even those of us that are writing because we want to help other people are writing because we have something to say and we like being heard .
Why else would we step onto the global stage ?
If you comment on something we write , we ’re thrilled .
Yay !
If you link to us , we ’re even more thrilled , because it takes more effort to link than to comment and you ’ve given us link juice .
But if you continue the discussion on your own blog while linking to us ( what trackbacks used to do ) , we ’re thrilled … but , importantly , we ’re interested .
Why ?
Because we ’re interested in our conversations and we ’re interested to see what others think about our conversations .
And because there ’s only so much thrill you can get out of the thousanth comment that basically says “ Great post ! ” ( Although genuine “ great post ! ” comments are still nice ; please continue to share the love . )
What can I say : bloggers are suckers for great conversations .
Use that to your advantage .
I can hear the groans here as people start thinking about the idea of comments evaporating and having to run all over the tubes to follow the conversation .
Let ’s get real on two points : 1 ) most people are n’t going to do that and 2 ) links help your blog more than comments do .
And the reality is that we will all learn more if the people who have thoughtful comments expand , explore , and share those ideas in their own spaces .
The Search For A More Social Web
Remember Web1.0 websites that you could n’t comment on ?
Yeah , me too .
I ’m glad we ’re past that .
Remember when blogs were about conversations ?
Yeah , me too .
I miss that .
The beauty about technology is that it bends to our will ; when we want to do something , we create techniques and technological solutions to help us do it .
It turns out that the technology to extend conversations via blogging has always been here ; we just changed the way we used it .
I ’m hoping that more people embrace the conversational power of blogging .
That said , I ’m talking to two audiences here : new bloggers and veteran bloggers .
I ’ll start with the new bloggers .
What Do I Say ?
Many people that are just starting out blogging worry about what they should say .
Rather than just writing about something , they fret and fret and end up on Twitter or commenting a lot on other people ’s site .
It ’s a shame , really , because it ’s so much easier to join a conversation than to try to start your own .
If you read a great post and want to leave a rich comment , that ’s fine .
But if it really speaks to you , or you think you can really add value to the conversation , why not write a post that explicitly extends the conversation ?
In time , you will start your own conversations , or you will be like many veteran bloggers and forget that what you ’re writing about did n’t come from your own head .
You ’ll be part of a fascinating conversation and you ’ll have plenty to say .
But , for now , if you do n’t know where to start with a conversation , join somebody else ’s .
Write a thoughtful post that extends the conversation , and notice that your blog grows faster by you writing posts than you commenting everywhere and not writing posts .
Content will always be king , and adding new insights to a conversation is content .
For The Vets
Please do continue to share the links from your site ; it helps everybody .
But also consider using your blog as a way to extend the conversations you ’re having with other people , since the reality is that most of what we ’re writing is a big spiraling conversation anyway .
For instance , when a particular post speaks to you and you have a lot to say about it , rather than leave a comment or pop a link in a roll - up , why not write a post that explicitly honors the conversation and continues it ?
You win because you have an easy post to write ; they win because they get a link and have the thrill of having their conversation spread .
We all win because we ’re thinking in terms of conversations rather than posts .
If a whole post is too much of a commitment , mention the parts of their post that you liked on your own blog .
For a great example of how to do this , check out how Havi Brooks does this on her blog .
It ’s Really About the People
The larger issue here is that blogging is really about people .
It ’s about engaging people , one at a time , with content that adds value to them for one reason or the other .
Faceless crowds do n’t read blogs ; individual people with individual perspectives , needs , and wants read blogs .
But not only is the content about people , the content comes from people .
That said , you ’ll see me introduce more people on this blog in the near future .
It may seem like name - dropping , and I can deal with that perception , but the truth is that they ’re people that I ’m having conversations with .
I want to be more clear about the fact that their ideas and conversations are influencing what I ’m saying and thinking ; I also hope that me extending the conversation helps them with what they ’re doing – they are great people that are worth reading and supporting .
In other words , this blog will host more conversations .
I hope you ’ll join them .
The government of France vowed yesterday to hunt down the vandals who scrawled anti-semitic graffiti on the country 's chief Holocaust monument .
Large , black swastikas were painted on to the memorial at Drancy , the site of the second world war deportation camp from where tens of thousands of Jews were sent to their deaths .
Local authorities said one of the people behind the defacement was captured on surveillance cameras and was believed to be a man in his 20s " of European origin " .
The train carriage that was once used by the Nazis for deportations , and a stone pillar , were daubed with swastikas .
Shopfronts in the towns of Drancy and Bobigny were also attacked , according to the police .
In a statement , the interior minister , Michelle Alliot - Marie , said : " Everything is being done to identify those responsible for these unspeakable acts and to bring them to justice . "
The vandalism , in the middle of the Passover celebrations , sparked anger and unease among France 's Jewish population , the largest in western Europe .
The Representative Council of Jewish Institutions said such acts were indicative of a prejudice " deeply engrained " in French society .
In a statement , the umbrella group condemned the graffiti at Drancy , denouncing it as an " insult to the whole of France " .
The statement said : " Those responsible wanted to spit on the Jews deported from Drancy to death camps … insult the Jews who are celebrating Passover , the Jewish Easter … and dirty the town of Drancy . "
Raphael Chemouni , responsible for the upkeep of the memorial , said it was the first time since the inauguration in 1976 that it had been daubed with swastikas .
" Until now there has been a very great respect for this monument , " he said .
Situated on the north - eastern outskirts of Paris , the internment camp was the site to which French Jews were taken on route to concentration camps in eastern Europe .
By the time the camp was liberated in 1944 , 65,000 people had been deported on board its trains , 63,000 of whom died .
Although under overall control of the occupying Nazis , the day - to - day running of the camp was the responsibility of the Paris police force .
Lucien Tismander , from the Auschwitz Memorial Association , said this weekend 's vandalism was particularly hurtful because of Drancy 's symbolic importance in the history of France .
" This monument is in a sense the tomb of the 76,000 French deportees and it has been sullied , " he said .
No , you 're not being mercilessly attacked by an unyielding feeling of déjà vu for no good reason -- we really have seen something eerily similar to this happen before .
This go 'round , we 've got a totally innocent ten year old boy who was given Guitar Hero for DS prior to even owning a console ; as the mother finally ended the tease , she handed him a shiny new DS handheld for him to unwrap .
Unfortunately for everyone involved , all that was tucked inside was a couple of stones , a Chinese newspaper and boatloads of disappointment .
After the Walmart store from which she purchased it referred her to the Big N , she furiously admitted the following : " They do n't want to do nothing .
They want me to keep the box of rocks .
I 'm not buying a box of rocks for $ 138 . "
Thankfully , Wally World finally refunded her and threw in a $ 20 gift card for the trouble ( after being hounded by a local news station , mind you ) , but the real damage -- losing all hope in humanity -- will never be undone .
Ever .
[ Via plugged in
A homebrew version of the $ 60 million simulators used to train pilots , Sheil 's contraption is almost identical to the cockpit of a 747-400 .
Thanks to 45 different software programs running on 14 different computers , the simulator allows Sheil to fly to and from 27,000 different airports around the world with breathtaking realism .
By day , Sheil runs a trucking parts company but at night he takes to the skies with other enthusiasts from around the globe .
The simulator is stored at his warehouse in Chipping Norton .
It is able to mimic real - world weather conditions in any country with startling accuracy , and the hydraulics system means Sheil can feel every bump .
" When you taxi out on the runway you feel it bumping on the cracks in the pavement , you feel it when the wheels touch down , " he said .
While only a handful of people in the world have a simulator that 's anywhere near as good as Sheil 's , thanks to Microsoft 's Flight Simulator , anyone with a PC , joystick and an internet connection can fly with him from the comfort of their bedrooms .
Terry Scanlan , founder of the virtual flying association VATPAC , says there are 5000 members in Australia .
" We 've got real pilots that fly for Qantas that are on our network and we 've also got air traffic controllers that do this as a hobby as well - one of the air traffic controllers that works in Melbourne is in charge of our training , " he said .
Scanlan said although air traffic control sounds boring it 's actually fun and challenging .
Last night he was tracking 20 or 30 aircraft movements .
" The challenge - as it is in the real world - is to keep planes from flying into each other and you do that by the use of the simulated radar that we have and we can actually see the targets and following real - world procedures we keep the aircraft separated , " he said .
In Sheil 's simulator , computer screens replace the windows and if he is flying in the virtual world behind a person in Melbourne , and they are using a Qantas 767 , " we actually see a Qantas 767 out the window - the software puts it in there for us - and he sees us " .
Moreover , if Sheil flies through Russia , he is greeted by a volunteer Russian air traffic controller .
Cars can be seen on the road when he comes in to land and people wave at him from the terminals .
Sheil says it 's sometimes easy to forget that it 's a simulation .
No one involved in virtual flying make any money from it .
In fact , all of the money Sheil earns by renting out his simulator for training is donated to the Royal Flying Doctor Service ( RFDS ) .
The simulator cost him $ 300,000 to build - a far cry from the $ 60 million price tag on the professional simulators - but many of the parts were donated to him because of his charity work .
Every year , Sheil and scores of other simulator enthusiasts from countries including Britain , Scotland , USA and Austria , participate in an event called Worldflight ( video here ) to raise money for the RFDS .
Participants go to their nearest flight simulator - Sheil hosts about 15 people , some from overseas - and take part in a round - the - world - flight , taking legs in shifts for an entire week .
" They 're here for the whole week and they 'll be rostered on at certain times of the day to fly , " he said .
" It 's all done in real - world conditions - Qantas sponsors us and they provide airline food for a week . "
Sheil is a veteran real - world pilot and owns a Beechcraft Baron B58 .
He said he preferred flying a real plane but enjoyed the simulator because there were no limitations .
" The [ real ] plane I fly you take off and you point it in the direction of Melbourne and you press a button and away it goes until you come into land , whereas a simulator you can do whatever you want - if you want to fly upside down , fly upside down , " he said .
" If we hit a mountain or the ground the simulator just freezes in its current state and everything goes red - and then we just hit reset . "
Inter Milan have denied allegations that coach Jose Mourinho assaulted a fan after last night 's Champions League tie against Manchester United at Old Trafford .
Greater Manchester Police are investigating a claim that a fan was punched by the former Chelsea manager shortly after Inter crashed out of the Champions League .
A statement from Inter read : " At the end of the game , the Portuguese tactician gave interviews to the European media , signed autographs , watched the penalties of the Roma v Arsenal game before saluting ( Sir Alex ) Ferguson in his office .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" After giving the last interview to Inter Channel , he entered the team bus that was parked outside the dressing rooms and hence it was a very calm post - game experience . "
The allegation was one of common assault against Mourinho , with the claim that he punched a supporter close to the Inter team bus as the Italian side left the stadium .
GMP contacted United to request CCTV footage of the area and have confirmed a complaint has been made .
" Shortly before midnight last night a man reported that he had been punched in the face outside Old Trafford , " a police statement read .
" We are investigating an allegation of common assault . "
United would only confirm they are aware of the allegation and are making no further comment .
The allegation came at the end of a bad night for Mourinho , who watched his team 's European campaign come to an end , with Nemanja Vidic and Cristiano Ronaldo grabbing United 's goals at the start of each half .
Although the former Chelsea manager was in jovial mood , shaking hands with Red Devils supporters as he made his way to the visitors ' dug - out before kick - off and after half - time and enjoyed a friendly post - match chat with Ferguson , he came under sustained attack from the Italian media for his failure to get Inter through .
" If anyone wishes to criticise my team , they will have to fight me , " he said at one point , those comments coming via an official interpreter .
Although he has taken Inter to the top of Serie A , his relationship with the local press is far from smooth , a fact that has only fuelled a belief that he could one day replace Ferguson at Old Trafford .
The plane taking the Inter party back to Milan left Manchester at 12.25 am last night , once Mourinho had concluded his post - match obligations and enjoyed his meeting with Ferguson .
The fan who made the complaint is not from the Greater Manchester area and did not report any injuries to police or need treatment .
The best league in the world is back .
Join
The Independent for an online event , as our panel discusses the most uncertain start to a season in Premier League history .
Click here to find out more and book your free ticket today .
The financial crisis finally seems to have caught up with Sir James Crosby .
As HBOS , the bank he created , came close to collapse last year , Sir James was working on a report about the mortgage market for the Government and was also deputy chairman of the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) .
Having quit HBOS a year before the credit crunch began , he had avoided the attacks faced by his young successor , Andy Hornby , and other banking bosses .
His standing was so high that when the Government was looking for a new FSA chairman early last year , Sir James was regarded as the front - runner but did not want the job .
But he was forced to resign from the watchdog yesterday after HBOS 's former regulatory risk officer alleged that he was fired by Sir James for repeatedly warning that the bank was growing too fast .
In evidence to the Treasury Select Committee , Paul Moore said Sir James , and not Mr Hornby , was responsible for the bank 's push for " growth at any costs " that , he argued , led to the bank 's demise .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Under Sir James , HBOS set out to shake up British banking with an aggressive drive to take business from the big four banks .
The new " fifth force " competed on price and marketed retail - style products in campaigns that rubbished the value and service offered by Barclays , Lloyds TSB , HSBC and RBS .
But HBOS was forced to agree a sale to Lloyds TSB last year in a government - brokered deal .
Lloyds is prepared to take the short - term pain of HBOS 's rising bad debts to gain a dominant share of the UK banking market , undoing all Sir James 's work .
Mr Hornby and his former chairman , Lord Stevenson , took the flak from the committee on Tuesday but Mr Hornby was willing to point out that certain events , including Mr Moore 's firing , took place before he was chief executive .
Sir James is now almost certain to face a grilling of his own .
Lord Stevenson told the committee that he remembered Mr Moore 's allegations but that HBOS had reviewed its sales practices and got FSA approval .
He and Mr Hornby also insisted that HBOS 's problems stemmed not from aggressive loan growth – Mr Moore 's main charge – but from over - reliance on wholesale money markets to fund lending .
But the markets lost confidence in HBOS partly because of its massive exposure to residential mortgages – including a big buy - to - let book – and commercial property , both of which expanded rapidly when Sir James was chief executive .
Its increasing reliance on cheap debt in the markets to finance its loans also left it in serious peril when those markets froze .
Sir James worked in the insurance industry before joining Halifax in 1994 to run life insurance and his appointment as chief executive took the City by surprise in 1999 .
He convinced the board he was the man for the top job with a sales - driven push to take on the big banks using marketing and product ideas from the world of retailing .
In his first year leading the bank , he signed up Mr Hornby , a high - flying Asda executive , to head retail banking and came up with the idea of using staff members in adverts , introducing Britain to Howard Brown the singing banker .
His boldest step came in 2001 when he drove Halifax 's merger with Bank of Scotland to create HBOS , keeping the top job in the bank .
HBOS added Bank of Scotland 's corporate banking business to Halifax 's retail brands to take on the big four .
Sir James made himself unpopular with the City in late 2001 by asking shareholders for £ 1.5 bn of new cash to fund growth .
That allowed HBOS to go on a lending binge during the economic slowdown when margins were fat , reaping strong profit growth .
But the bank 's growth did not slow when he returned the cash , as promised , by buying back shares a few years later .
The timing of Sir James 's departure from HBOS in July 2006 took people by surprise .
The bank was apparently in rude health , he was only 49 , and he had no proper job to go to .
" One should never overstay one 's welcome , " he said .
" I do like the idea of not being carried out on my last legs . "
There was also the matter of Mr Hornby , who had been promoted to chief operating officer to prevent Boots from luring him as chief executive .
HBOS was desperate to hold on to its whizz - kid and this was believed at the time to have played a part in the timing of Sir James 's exit .
Simon Maughan , banking analyst at MF Global who worked closely with HBOS at one of its brokers , said the power of Mr Hornby and Peter Cummings , who ran the corporate bank , should not be underestimated because Sir James gave them freedom to run their businesses .
" He was a sensible chap .
Could he be difficult and obstinate ?
Yes he could .
But I think he was intelligent and fair , " said Mr Maughan .
Koko heaved a deep sigh and hoped the human would find a job soon
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Warren bails on ' This Week ' interview
Instead of explaining contradictory statements over his actions regarding California 's Prop 8 on same - sex marriage , Rick Warren went with Plan B today :
He did n't show up for a planned interview on ABC's " This Week . "
" For those of you tuning in this morning expecting to hear from Pastor Rick Warren , we were , too , " said host George Stephanopoulos at the start of the show .
" But the pastor 's representatives canceled moments before the scheduled interview , saying that Mr. Warren is sick from exhaustion . "
Added a cool but surely unhappy Stephanopoulos : " We hope he recovers quickly . "
As Mike Allen detailed in Playbook yesterday , Warren oddly argued on Larry King last week that he “ never once … gave an endorsement ” to the controversial ballot measure when there 's video evidence of him arguing for its passage .
i Phone applications are hotter than ever .
So how do these applications stand out and get noticed ?
One great way to do this is by creating a great website design that showcases these applications in the best possible way .
These sites are usually very focused , professional and clean .
You will also notice that there ’s usually a video displayed in an iPhone casing that shows how these applications are used .
In this post we bring you 40 excellent websites designed to showcase iPhone and iPod touch applications .
1. Tap Tap Tap
Tap Tap
Tap develops games , entertainment apps and useful tools .
2. Weightbots
Weightbots helps you keep track of your weight .
You can track your progress easily in a very beautiful and easy to use interface .
3. Sourcebits
Sourcebits is a software development company that has created several iPhone apps .
4. AirPhones
AirPhones allows you to wirelessly listen to audio from your computer on an iPhone or iPod touch using Wi -Fi , making it work like wireless headphones .
5. WordPress
WordPress , the popular blogging platform , also has an iPhone app .
This app allows you to write and publish posts directly to your WordPress blog .
6 . Things
Things is one of the top task manager applications for the Mac as well as the iPhone and iPod touch .
It is easy to use and its many features increase productivity .
You can even sync the iPhone and iPod version with the desktop version wirelessly using Wi-Fi .
7. Classics
Classics is an application that holds many great books that you can read on your iPhone .
8. Ego
Ego allows you to check your status on multiple different services such as FeedBurner , Google Analytics , Mint , and Twitter .
9. Mock Draft
Mock Draft allows football fans to watch highlights and scout players .
10 . Parking
This app provides a timer and GPS location tracking to help you avoid getting a parking ticket .
11 . iShots
A fun app that shows 20 recipes for shots , that is a fun app to play with on St. Patrick ’s day .
12 . Mint for iPhone
Mint is a popular budgeting application that is also available for the iPhone .
You can check your account balances anywhere , and access accounting and budget information .
13 . Behance Action Method
Behance ’s task manager and productivity software on the iPhone is free .
You can create To - Do items , manage project plans , and send notices to others .
14 . Delivery Status
This application allows you to track packages from top shipping companies such as UPS , FedEx , DHL , and TNT .
15 . Spoonjuice
Spoonjuice is another development studio that has several iPhone applications .
They design and invent fun and playful applications .
16 . Tapulous
Tapulous is the creator of Tap Tap , a Guitar Hero like game , and many other games as well as tools .
17 . iFood Assistant
This application from Kraft gives recipes and food ideas for over 7,000 meals .
18 . Gas Cubby
This application is an excellent tool to help you track gas mileage and maintenance records for your car .
19 . Frenzic
Frenzic is another fun puzzle game for the iPhone .
20 . Snow Reports
Snow Reports shows the latest snow reports from ski mountains worldwide .
It shows information such as amounts of snow , weather reports , trail information and lift reports .
21 . Bottle Rocket
Bottle Rocket is a development studio that has numerous applications , including games and helpful tools .
One of these is Voice Recorder , which allows you to take voice notes .
22 . Mustache
Mustache is another great development firm with three awesome apps , including an application to help users quit smoking , a Twitter search tool and a March Madness application .
23 . Tweetie
Tweetie is a fully featured Twitter client and one of the top apps to manage your Twitter account .
24 . Evernote for iPhone
Evernote is an application that helps you remember things by allowing you to create notes , take photo notes , record a voice memo and more .
25 . Fieldrunners
Fieldrunners is a strategy game with stunning graphics , developed exclusively for the iPhone .
26 . 1 Password
This application saves and stores passwords to make logging into websites easier .
It also synchronizes your passwords with the Mac version .
27 . Firetask
Firetask is yet another task manager application .
You can manage projects and due dates , along with many other features .
28 . FileMagnet
FileMagnet enables users to move files from their computer to their iPhone very easily .
You can copy files quickly , and it is cross-platform compatible .
29 . Where To ?
Where To ? is an application that helps you find businesses based on your location .
30 .
Sketches
Sketches makes it easy for you take notes and sketch on the iPhone .
31 . Tipulator
Tipulator does a great job at calculating tips .
You can calculate a tip based on total cost , percent and number of people .
32 . ShareCard
ShareCard is an easy way to move contact information to and from your iPhone / iPod touch and to other iPhones through email .
33 . Parablox
Parablos is a fun and interactive puzzle game .
34 . Pharos IV Assualt
A shooter game for the iPhone and iPod touch .
35 . Noter2
Noter2 lets you sync your iPhone with the Noter Mac application .
It allows you to easily create quick notes .
36 . Real Soccer 2009
This is a fun and realistic soccer game for the iPhone .
37 . Zumobi
Zumobi is a development firm with many iPhone apps .
38 . FlightTrack Pro
A great app that helps you track your flights , check flight status around the world , check airport weather , and more .
39 .
Shooter
This is a tactical game based off the movie Shooter .
40 . Monopoly
EA Mobile has a Monopoly application for the iPhone .
Which ones do you use ?
Can you recommend other great websites for iPhone applications like these ?
But , thanks to a strict fitness regime , he has been crowned by an animal charity as its ­Slimmer Of The Year .
The chubby canine ballooned to 7st 2lb by gorging on toast , biscuits and a nightly bowl of his favourite Weetabix .
After being re-homed the five - year - old was put on a diet and exercise programme by owner Sarah James and lost 22lb , nearly a quarter of his body weight .
She enrolled him in her local Pet Fit Club , run by the People ’s Dispensary for Sick Animals .
Now Keano , being measured by veterinary nurse Tracy Allen , right , weighs a svelte 5st 6lb .
He beat five other porky pets to ­win a holiday for his family in Pembrokeshire .
Mother - of - two Sarah , 30 , said : “ He had been fed fatty human foods and given a bowl of ­Weetabix every night before he went to bed .
Socialism and American public opinion
17 April 2009
A national telephone survey conducted in early April by Rasmussen Reports , the US polling company , discovered that only 53 percent of Americans believe capitalism to be superior to socialism .
Twenty percent favor socialism and 27 percent are undecided .
Adults under 30 , according to Rasmussen , were “ essentially evenly divided : 37 percent prefer capitalism , 33 percent socialism , and 30 percent are undecided . ”
These results lift the veil on a reality the US establishment feverishly seeks to conceal : the existence of a deeply - felt popular opposition to the existing economic system and social conditions .
The Rasmussen findings , under the ideological conditions that prevail in America , are a stunning refutation of the official manufactured public opinion .
To the extent that socialism is understood as the opposite of capitalism , it is viewed favorably by substantial sections of the population .
There is widespread popular outrage at the bankers , the corporate CEOs and the rest of the financial aristocracy who have plundered the country for decades and now accept trillions of dollars in handouts .
This is viewed as deeply unjust by millions of people whose jobs , pensions and health care benefits are under sustained attack , who have seen the value of their homes drop dramatically and who generally view the future with increasing pessimism and even alarm .
The mass anger toward Wall Street and the generalized disaffection with the existing system generates the strong desire for an alternative to the present intolerable conditions .
That alternative , evidently , is identified in general terms with “ socialism . ”
Socialism is associated positively in many minds in America with a more humane , democratic and egalitarian policy , with a society in which social needs , and not the profit interests of the rich , are addressed .
The high level of popular support for such ideas , especially among the young , is particularly striking when one considers that for the past 60 years or so socialism has been relentlessly denounced in the US , or banned from public discourse altogether .
Within the political establishment , including its liberal wing , to label someone a “ socialist ” has been the equivalent of formally cursing , shunning or excommunicating an individual .
In recent decades ruling circles were unanimous : the capitalist free market solved all problems and “ un - American ” socialism was a dead issue .
Apparently not .
A vast chasm separates Establishment opinion and consensus from the thoughts and feelings of the working population .
The average American sees and experiences nothing in the mainstream political arena or the daily media that would offer a favorable picture of socialism .
And yet , according to the poll , 47 percent of the population , according to this survey , either favor or have n’t made up their minds about socialism .
In March Barack Obama told a group of top corporate directors , “ I ’ve always been a strong believer in the power of the free market .
It has been and will remain the very engine of America ’s progress — the source of a prosperity that has gone unmatched in human history . ”
When the economy “ gets out of balance , ” Obama argued , government has to intervene , “ but the goals should always be to right the ship and let private enterprise do its magic . ”
Millions of Americans think otherwise , but their views find no expression in the existing set - up .
Every significant American politician , as well as many insignificant ones , is a bought and paid for stooge of powerful corporations and financial interests .
We have , in effect , the Senator from Oil and Gas , the Governor from Finance , the Representative from Health Care or Defense .
Social inequality has reached levels disastrous for the functioning of any society ; the obscene flaunting of wealth by the super - rich does not go unnoticed .
The powers that be imagine they have gotten away with their looting of society , colonial wars and other crimes because the rottenness of the trade unions , the so - called civil rights organizations and liberalism has meant no one speaks up for the needs and interests of the population .
But the more the social contradictions are ignored or papered over , the more explosive they become .
This situation , in which popular sentiment and the entire political system are so obviously out of joint , is volatile and untenable .
The US has been staggered in the past seven months by the economic breakdown .
Objective developments , despite all the efforts of the establishment , are bringing about a violent adjustment in the relationship between social consciousness and social reality : socialism will emerge as a major presence in American political life .
The poll reflects a process already under way .
After decades of a reactionary bombardment , most Americans are no doubt confused about socialism .
If Rasmussen or any other firm , however , asked people whether they preferred a society in which all policy was geared to the enrichment of the wealthiest one percent ( or one - tenth of one percent ) of the population , or a society based on social equality ... what would such a poll show ?
In a crisis , inevitably , basic social interests and sentiments find expression .
The present breakdown of the capitalist order is objectively sorting the population out along class lines .
Despite all the efforts to brutalize American society and render the population callous and indifferent to the suffering and plight of others , the recent poll reveals that the broad masses of the people have an elemental socialistic orientation .
They oppose injustice , they support social equality and democracy , their sympathies lie with the downtrodden .
The capitalist media believes in its own reality and its infinite ability to manipulate and shape public opinion .
In fact , other processes are taking place , with ultimately revolutionary implications .
Leon Trotsky offered a far more profound view of the changes in consciousness that occur in a time of crisis : “ Scientific socialism is the conscious expression of the unconscious historical process ; namely , the instinctive and elemental drive of the proletariat to reconstruct society on communist beginnings .
These organic tendencies in the psychology of workers spring to life with utmost rapidity today in the epoch of crises and wars . ”
Social development has an inexorable logic .
At the very moment when popular sentiment is shifting to the left , against capitalism , the remnants of the liberal - left around the Nation magazine proclaim the virtual impossibility of “ reimagining socialism , ” much less realizing it .
These social elements , deeply conservative in their outlook and wedded to the economic status quo , will fiercely oppose the growth of a mass socialist movement in the US .
That is the elemental instinct of their class , the privileged petty bourgeois .
The poll conducted by Rasmussen is cause for genuine optimism .
For the same reason , while the poll ’s uncovering of socialist sympathies in the population has created a stir in ultra - right circles , it has gone largely unreported in the major media .
If Rasmussen , run by a right - wing evangelical Christian , meant the poll as a wake - up call , the phone was promptly hung up .
David Walsh
David Walsh
GDC 09 Former World of Warcraft lead designer Jeffrey Kaplan told his fellow developers today to lay off the heavy text .
Speaking at a presentation at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco , Kaplan - who 's now helming Blizzard 's next unannounced MMO - said game makers often suffer from " medium envy " , where they try to deliver a compelling story by writing reams of dialog and narrative without keeping in mind it 's a video game .
" Basically — and I 'm speaking to the Blizzard guys in the back — we need to stop writing a fucking book in our game because nobody wants to read it , " Kaplan said , adding that he's as guilty of this fault as anyone else .
" We need to deliver our story in a way that is uniquely video game , " said Kaplan .
" We need to engage our players in sort of an inspiring experience , and the sooner we accept that we are not Shakespeare , Scorcerse , Tolstoy , or the Beatles , the better off we are . "
Kaplan said WoW has attempted to avoid drowning the player in dialog by limiting designers to only 511 characters in their quest descriptions .
" I actually wish that the number was smaller .
I think it 's great to limit people in how much pure text they can force on the player , " he said .
" Because honestly — if you ever want a case study — just watch kids play it , and they 're just mashing the button .
They do n't want to read anything . "
Kaplan quite candidly addressed some of the other mistakes he felt WoW quest design suffers from .
One mistake in quest building Kaplan described is the " Christmas tree effect " , where a player enters a new area and sees their mini-map light up with the exclamation marks of NPCs with new quests to offer .
" If you ask the fans , they love this , " Kaplan said .
But he cautioned that presenting too many quests at once makes the game maker lose control of guiding the player through a good quest experiences .
" With too many quests to pick up at once , odds are the player wo n't read anything , " Kaplan said .
" Odds are they wo n't anyway , but anything that prevents them from doing it is a bad thing . "
Kaplan said one way WoW quest designers have attempted get around the problem was giving one quest giver several quests .
" It should just say ' Do Elywnn Forest ' at that point , " he said .
" Come back to me at level 60 . "
Another is a focus on " gimmick quests without polish " .
He illustrated this by showing a slide of one of WoW 's newer dungeons , The Oculus , which has players ride dragons throughout .
" We did n't build the engine around vehicles , " said Kaplan .
He added that other games like to tack on vehicle combat ( while describing , but not naming Halo ) where " you can tell they did n't know what they were doing with vehicles , and it felt all floaty and things did n't shot right .
The same mistake happened in World of Warcraft . "
Another was sloppy collection quests — something that 's too often the bane of gamers .
Kaplan admitted that he was behind what he himself described as " the worst quest in WoW " , the infamous Green Hills of Stranglethorn quest .
" So I 'm the asshole that wrote this quest , " Kaplan said .
" It 's a horrible quest , and I 'm the one who made it .
And somehow I am talking to you guys today . "
Unfortunately , Kaplan did n't offer any details on Blizzard 's next MMO .
And he even teased the audience about it too — the Green Hills of Stranglethorn - writing bastard . ®
President Barack Obama ’s message of Change has reached Iran , but Iran is skeptical .
Change is welcomed , they say , as long as it ’s a real , substantive change and not just political maneuvering .
Formal communication between the Obama administration and Iran officially commenced with President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s letter of congratulations , released one day after the election on November 6 , 2008 .
The letter advised Obama to stay true to his change mantra , as mandated by both America and the nations of the world , and repeated the word " respect " three times .
In his inaugural address , Obama offered the Muslim world " a new way forward , based on mutual interest and mutual respect . "
Then on January 27 , 2009 , only a week after taking office , President Obama gave an interview to Al Arabiya TV and repeatedly emphasized the magic word , respect .
He said his administration would " start by listening , because all too often the United States starts by dictating " , and added , " I do think that it is important for us to be willing to talk to Iran , to express very clearly where our differences are , but where there are potential avenues for progress .
And we will over the next several months be laying out our general framework and approach . "
The response from Iran was immediate .
The following day , Ahmadinejad gave a speech to a crowd of thousands while touring the town of Kermanshah , which was also broadcast live on Iranian television .
The majority of the speech responded to Obama ’s recent overtures and campaign promise of Change .
News of the speech , with its criticism of U.S. imperialism and demands that the U.S. apologize for past crimes against Iran , made headlines worldwide , yet the complaints are nothing new .
Iranian officials have been raising these issues for years , and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad himself has done so from practically the moment he was elected back in 2005 .
The significance of the key words " mutual respect " cannot be overstated  it ’s been a signature phrase of the Islamic Republic for years .
Former UN Ambassador Javad Zarif used the line regularly , as did Iran ’s former Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazzi , and former Presidents Rafsanjani and Khatami .
Ahmadinejad even used the phrase in an interview with state media while he was still Mayor of Tehran and running for President .
In December 2007 , Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki reminded , " As senior Iranian officials have reiterated , we welcome any rational approach that is based on mutual respect . "
President Obama ’s use of the phrase echoes Iranian rhetoric so closely it ’s remarkable :
" We seek a new way forward , based on mutual interest and mutual respect . "
– President Barack Obama , January 20 , 2009
" We call for positive and constructive dialogue on the basis of mutual respect . "
– Iran ’s former Foreign Minister Kamal Kharazzi , January 2004
" We believe in existing alongside , and forging relations with , all countries .
. . on the basis of mutual respect and interests . "
– Iran ’s former President Mohammad Khatami , February 2000
In a July 2008 interview with NBC News , Ahmadinejad asked if the U.S. was beginning " a new approach ; in other words , mutual respect , cooperation , and justice ?
Or is this approach a continuation in the confrontation with the Iranian people but in a new guise ? "
Foreign Ministry spokesman Dr. Hamidreza Assefi elaborated on Iran ’s concept of " mutual respect " in a May 2003 session with local reporters :
" Mutual respect has a clear meaning .
Iran expects the US to follow the principle of ‘ mutual respect ’ toward the Islamic Republic by refraining from interfering in Iran ’s internal affairs , accepting the principle of equality , and living up to the requirements of mutual respect .
However , the US officials have shown over the past months that they are not committed to pursuing mutual respect in dealing with Iran and have no belief in the principle . "
Part of Iran ’s idea of " respect " includes addressing and correcting past behavior .
Iran ’s list of grievances have been raised repeatedly over the years , yet many ( if not all ) of the complaints Ahmadinejad refers to in his speech are still unfamiliar to much of the public .
Many Americans still have n’t heard about the U.S. role in overthrowing Iran ’s popular , democratically elected government in 1953 ; its shooting down of the Iran Air Flight 655 passenger plane in the Persian Gulf in 1988 , killing all 290 people on board ; or its support for Saddam Hussein as Iraq launched an aggressive eight - year war with Iran , using banned chemical weapons on its people .
Fewer still are aware that in 1981 , about 70 high ranking Iranian officials , including the President , Premier and Chief Justice , were assassinated by the Mujahedeen - e - Khalq [ MEK ] Iranian opposition group in a bombing of state headquarters .
The MEK , who have also murdered American military personnel and civilians , participated in taking U.S. hostages in 1979 , and fought alongside Iraq in Saddam ’s war with Iran , have been on the U.S. State Department ’s terrorist list for years .
However , the United States has also protected and cooperated with them , and numerous U.S. representatives from both parties openly support them .
In a 2007 PBS " Frontline " interview , Bush ’s Undersecretary of State Nicholas Burns refused to confirm or deny that the U.S. was working with the designated terrorist group .
These are but a few of Iran ’s chief unresolved issues with America , mentioned once again in Ahmadinejad ’s speech .
They will come up again .
So in keeping with Obama ’s pledge to do more listening , we are providing the entire relevant portion of the speech in Kermanshah .
Although excerpts have been quoted in English - language news articles , and the original ( Farsi only ) transcript is posted on Ahmadinejad ’s web site , a complete English text has been unavailable until now .
The following translation preserves not only the context and flow of his speech , but is faithful to his actual sentence structure and style of speaking .
Presented for informational purposes only , this is Ahmadinejad unfiltered and unedited , in his own words .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s Speech in Kermanshah , Iran
January 28 , 2009
Translated by Ebrahim Norouzi , MD
© 2009 The Mossadegh Project
Today we can look at the very dark and shameful file of Mr. Bush in the world arena  full of crimes , murders and treachery against humanity that joined the dustbin of history .
The last page in this dark file was his support for Zionist crimes in Gaza .
We witnessed how innocent women and children were slaughtered by the use of banned weapons or otherwise .
Mr. Bush rudely supported these crimes , with his wolf - like language of brutality .
He is gone now , and God willing , will end up in Hell .
Now a new administration is in power with slogan of Change and stated change in American policies , this is very good , a good talk since Mr. Bush ’s policies were one hundred percent unethical , inhumane and contrary to Godly values and teaching of his prophets .
Mr. Bush ’s behavior and his policies were the most foul and criminal of policies the world has seen over the past 50 years .
The fact that they have said they want to change is good talk , but bear with me , dear people of Kermanshah , people of Iran , and all nations of the world , I want to talk with you about this change .
The issue is important and it is proper to set forth this important issue in the presence of the revolutionary and pious people of Kermanshah .
When they say we intend to change course , the change may occur in two ways , one  a fundamental and foundational change which has an effect and represents a change in principle .
The second way is a tactical change , a change in method and use of language only as a political weapon .
It is very clear that if the intention is of the second kind , it would soon be revealed and the nations of the world would situate themselves accordingly .
Here I want to bring up some of the actions of Mr. Bush ’s government and see what must take place if there is going to be a change .
One of the main problems of Mr. Bush and his collaborators were the way they looked at human societies .
They sought superiority and domination over others .
They perceived themselves to be number one and ranked other nations as number three , four or ten .
When they spoke with others it was from a position of conceit and entitlement .
If this is supposed to change , we should no longer witness an America that sees itself superior to others , dominates others , speaks rudely to other nations and ranks itself above all others .
The presence of military force around the world was the other wrong policy of Mr. Bush .
You saw how they used September 11 , the downing of twin towers in New York , as an excuse to invade and occupy other countries .
Today the American government for domination ’s sake has military forces from Japan to South America , from South Africa to the heart of Europe .
The question is this : why should America have military bases around the world ?
Wherever a war breaks out , it is either due to the presence of American forces or due to their unnecessary meddling .
When they say the policy is going to change , that should mean an end to American military presence around the world .
They should pick up their forces and return to within their own boundary to serve their own people .
Nobody in the world has asked them to mobilize their forces .
There was an event called September 11 , the cause of which remains unknown and , like the Holocaust , a true investigation was not permitted .
Using September 11 as an excuse , they invaded Iraq and Afghanistan .
More than a million innocent Iraqis died .
Several hundred thousand Afghanis lost their lives .
Several million became refugees .
If you are talking about a policy change then give permission to find out the cause , if you are talking about a policy change it should mean removal of your army and forces .
In Afghanistan you have brought an increase in narcotic production and insecurity .
Change in policy means allowing the Afghan government to pursue its own plan to combat narcotic production .
Mr. Bush had the habit of permitting himself to intervene in the affairs of all nations .
Mr. Sudan , why this ?
Mr. Arabestan , [ Saudi Arabia ] why are you praying this way ?
Mr. Iran , why do you want to progress scientifically ?
If they are saying that we want to change policies , that should mean that the American government should not interfere in the affairs of other nations .
What business is it of theirs how other nations live , who asked them to come and interfere in their affairs ?
Mr. Bush , without any question and unconditionally , gave his support to the criminal Zionists .
They brought a group , gathered from around the world , and exiled the people of Palestine with force of Gun , and placed those people in their place .
Their mission was to constantly create wars , terrorize , invade , occupy and intimidate others .
Mr. Bush had closed his eyes and in an absolute way defended all the Zionists ’ crimes , granting no rights to the Palestinian nation .
Change in policy means withdrawing your support from Zionists , the non-native , uncultured , illegal , impostor , homicidal , killers of women and children and allow the people of Palestine to decide their own destiny .
Mr. Bush humiliated the American nation .
Insulted the American nation .
Listened to the phones of all Americans .
Planned for and created a psychological war of fear and intimidation on the American people .
With this method he excluded them from the political scene and did what he wanted in the world .
If you are talking about policy change , then lift the pressures off the American people .
Allow the people of America to be free and to engage in political affairs and choose their own destiny themselves .
Why are you disgracing the people of America ?
As to the last part , grant me permission to talk about our dear Iran .
We are at the threshold of the revolution .
Those who say they want to change their policies should now pay attention .
It is more than 60 years that the successive American governments stood at the opposition of the Iranian nation .
In 1332 [ 1953 ] with a coup they toppled the national government of Iran and replaced it with a harsh , unpopular and despotic regime .
They took our oil and our wealth .
They corrupted our culture and in return gave us a Satanic entity called SAVAK [ the Shah ’s security agency ] that tortured our scholars , our young and learned people in their dungeons with one hundred percent American support .
They kept us from joining the caravan of progress for 25 years , bringing poverty , misery and illiteracy to our nation .
On 15 Khordad ’ 42 [ Persian calendar 1342 , or June 5 , 1963 ] they humiliated our nation and killed 15,000 people of this nation and exiled the leader of our nation [ Ayatollah Khomeini ] .
In ’57 [ Persian calendar 1357 , or 1978 ] they killed more than 1,500 people in the Martyrs square and the killers received the American president ’s support .
They stood by the side of dictatorship until the last day .
They stood in opposition to the revolution of the freedom , independence and justice - seeking Iranian nation .
From the dawn of victory until now , the American government has stood in opposition to our nation .
They turned their embassy into a spy den , they invaded Tabas [ a city in the east of Iran used by American forces in an attempt to free hostages ] , plotted a military coup , protected terrorists [ the MEK guerrilla organization ] who killed more than 16,000 people , they encouraged and supported Saddam to go to war with Iran ; eight years of war with their help , with their support , with their weapons against the nation of Iran .
This very heroic Kermanshah was bombed hundreds of times and Saddam and his bombing was condoned by the American governments .
They even defended the use of chemical weapons by Saddam .
They insulted our nation and culture , and frequently announced their intention to uproot the Iranian nation .
They downed our passenger plane and committed hundreds of crimes against the people of Iran .
They even rudely opposed our nation on the nuclear issue .
Those who possess more than 10,000 atomic bombs shamelessly voice their concern about our nation .
I think those who say they want to create change : this is change , to apologize to the nation of Iran and try to make up for their dark history and the crimes they have committed against the Iranian nation .
We welcome change but on the condition that the change is fundamental and on a right course , otherwise pay attention , otherwise the world should know , that anyone with the same speaking manner of Mr. Bush , same language of Mr. Bush , the same spirit of Mr. Bush , adventurism of Mr. Bush , even using new words to speak to the nation of Iran , the answer is the same one that Mr. Bush and his lackeys received over the years .
We hear that they are making plans for Iran .
We in turn wait patiently , listen carefully to their words , carefully assess actions under the magnifying glass and if a real change occurs in a fundamental way , we shall welcome it .
LONDON — Is President Obama trying to muzzle his press corps ?
The standard form during “ joint press availabilities ” — bureaucratic lingo for press conferences where leaders from two different countries stand next to each other and take questions from reporters — is that each official ’s press corps gets the same number of questions .
Well , during the joint press availability on Wednesday with Mr. Obama and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown at the ornate British foreign office near 10 Downing Street , Mr. Brown called on the U.K. press corps for four whole questions .
Meanwhile , Mr. Obama only called on the White House press corps , which schlepped ( granted , on a really nice United 777 charter ) across the Atlantic to scrupulously chronicle his first overseas trip as president , thrice .
Mr. Obama even tried to cut off the press conference after six questions had been asked — most dealing with the growing rift between the United States and the rest of the world over how to fix the global economy .
“ All right ? ” he asked , in an “ O.K. - we ’re - done - I ’m - outta - here ” way .
Mr. Brown was having none of that .
As Mr. Obama made to leave , Mr. Brown exercised his host ’s privilege and called on George Pascoe - Watson , from a tabloid , The Sun .
He may have regretted that though , because Mr. Pascoe - Watson asked Mr. Obama if he had any advice that would help Mr. Brown , whose poll numbers are in the basement , to win re-election .
Responding in a fashion that would make Miss America proud , Mr. Obama said that Mr. Brown needed to stay true to himself , so “ you can wake up and look at yourself in the mirror .
And that , ” he concluded , “ is the kind of integrity that Gordon Brown has shown in the past and will continue to show in the future . ”
At this point would have been the perfect opportunity for Mr. Obama to then level the playing field and call on a fourth White House reporter — like former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice used to do when her foreign counterparts went rogue and snuck in extras for their press corps .
Alas , he did not take it .
Google is promising that its new location - reporting service Latitude , which lets you broadcast where you are to your friends , will have a memory leak and wo n't remember anything .
That 's a feature , not a bug .
The intention is to make sure Latitude does n't become an honeypot for cops wanting to be able to easily find out where you have been or even say the names of everyone who attended , or was near , a political protest .
The policy , created in consultation with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , puts Latitude on equal privacy footing with Loopt , a popular friend - finding service that predates Latitude .
Both services now overwrite your previous location with your new location , and do n't keep logs .
How and when police can turn people 's cell phones into tracking devices remains an unsettled legal question .
Increasingly , however , judges are deciding that the government needs to show probable cause that a person committed a crime before it will order a mobile provider to turn over cell tower information , including stored logs .
The government tells courts , almost always in secret proceedings , that it is entitled to location records without a warrant , even if the person involved is n't even a suspect in an investigation .
The government argues you have no privacy interest in the data since you already told it to your phone company .
What Loopt — and now Google — are asserting is this : when you tell your friends where you are , you are using a public conveyance to communicate privately .
And , just as it would if it wanted to record your phone call or read your e-mail , the government needs to get a wiretap order .
That 's even tougher to get than a search warrant .
The EFF's Kevin Bankston applauded this stance in hispost announcing Google 's decision :
We are incredibly happy that Google has taken this rare step , not only by making the right decision about the privacy of its users ' data , but by making that policy public .
When it comes to government surveillance , the legal interface between law enforcement and your phone and internet service providers is a shadowy place , and it ’s often unclear what types of data companies are willing to provide to the government based on what types of legal process .
It 's still not clear why anyone above the age of 23 would want to constantly broadcast their location to their friends or even the world .
But in an age where people do so , it 's good to see that at least some of the companies who know where we are at any given moment realize that that knowledge comes with responsibility .
Photo : Flickr / Piutus
See Also :
According to the judge there was no doubt that either Sathis Raj or Sabarish Raj , both 27 years old , was guilty of trafficking 166 kilograms of cannabis and 1.7 kilograms of opium , but because they looked the same and had the same DNA it was impossible to determine which one .
The most advanced pool table in the world , the G - 1 features a glass and resin playing structure and striking modern design .
The patented transparent playing surface replaces the traditional felt but allows the balls to roll at the same speed .
Bumpers , pockets and playing area are built to international standards , so you can play your game the same , with more style .
The minimalist modern frame features integrated ball return allowing pocketed balls to be seen through the transparent top .
Only $ 26,150 .
A professional gambler charged with murdering his parents last year in their Pleasanton country club home hoped to reap an early inheritance to pay off mounting gaming and other debts , authorities say .
Ernest Scherer III , 30 , was arrested Monday in Las Vegas and charged Tuesday in Alameda County with two counts of murder for the deaths of Ernest Scherer Jr. , 60 , and Charlene Abendroth , 57 .
Their bodies were found in their home on the grounds of the Castlewood Country Club on March 14 .
In an arrest affidavit , Alameda County sheriff 's Sgt. Scott Dudek said the younger Scherer had been in a " desperate financial situation " and needed his parents ' inheritance .
Scherer 's parents were beaten and stabbed in their 4,000 - square - foot , three - level home , apparently after returning from dinner at the country club the night of March 7 .
Their pajama - clad bodies were found a week later .
Scherer Jr. was a real estate investor and Republican activist who dabbled in professional poker .
He was also a longtime critic of the San Ramon Valley school district , on whose board he served for two years ; he was recalled in 1990 .
Abendroth , his wife of 31 years , was a Cal State East Bay accounting lecturer and was active in her local Mormon church .
Scherer Jr.'s love of poker was shared by his son , who quit his job in the mortgage business in 2002 to become a professional poker player .
He has earned $ 339,000 at the game , according to the poker statistics site the Hendon Mob .
Dudek wrote that Scherer " did not appear to show much emotion " at the deaths .
He seemed more interested in getting a look at the will , hoping that it would give him as much as $ 1.5 million , Dudek said .
Investigators said Scherer had borrowed $ 616,000 from his parents to buy a condominium in Brea ( Orange County ) , and that his father had been seeking repayment .
The home went into foreclosure proceedings after the slayings .
The younger Scherer and his wife lacked stable income , had $ 40,000 credit card debt and other debts and had failed to pay property taxes and mortgage payments , investigators said .
The elder Scherer told his own father that Scherer III appeared to be a compulsive gambler , Dudek wrote .
We were pretty excited around here when Brave New Words won the Hugo Award .
Now that Brave New Words is available in paperback we asked Jeff Prucher , freelance lexicographer and editor for the Oxford English Dictionary ‘s science fiction project , to revisit the blog .
Below are Prucher ’s picks of words that may seem to come from science , but really originate in science fiction .
In no particular order :
1. Robotics .
This is probably the most well - known of these , since Isaac Asimov is famous for ( among many other things ) his three laws of robotics .
Even so , I include it because it is one of the only actual sciences to have been first named in a science fiction story ( Liar ! , 1941 ) .
Asimov also named the related occupation ( roboticist ) and the adjective robotic .
2. Genetic engineering .
The other science that received its name from a science fiction story , in this case Jack Williamson ’s novel Dragon ’s Island , which was coincidentally published in the same year as Liar !
The occupation of genetic engineer took a few more years to be named , this time by Poul Anderson .
3. Zero-gravity / zero-g .
A defining feature of life in outer space ( sans artificial gravity , of course ) .
The first known use of “ zero - gravity ” is from Jack Binder ( better known for his work as an artist ) in 1938 , and actually refers to the gravityless state of the center of the Earth ’s core .
Arthur C. Clarke gave us “ zero - g ” in his 1952 novel Islands in the Sky .
4 . Deep space .
One of the other defining features of outer space is its essential emptiness .
In science fiction , this phrase most commonly refers to a region of empty space between stars or that is remote from the home world .
E. E. “ Doc ” Smith seems to have coined this phrase in 1934 .
The more common use in the sciences refers to the region of space outside of the Earth ’s atmosphere .
5 . Ion drive .
An ion drive is a type of spaceship engine that creates propulsion by emitting charged particles in the direction opposite of the one you want to travel .
The earliest citation in Brave New Words is again from Jack Williamson ( The Equalizer , 1947 ) .
A number of spacecraft have used this technology , beginning in the 1970s .
6. Pressure suit .
A suit that maintains a stable pressure around its occupant ; useful in both space exploration and high - altitude flights .
This is another one from the fertile mind of E. E. Smith .
Curiously , his pressure suits were furred , an innovation not , alas , replicated by NASA .
7. Virus .
Computer virus , that is .
Dave Gerrold ( of “ The Trouble With Tribbles ” fame ) was apparently the first to make the verbal analogy between biological viruses and self - replicating computer programs , in his 1972 story When Harlie Was One .
8. Worm .
Another type of self - replicating computer program .
So named by John Brunner in his 1975 novel Shockwave Rider .
9 . Gas giant .
A large planet , like Jupiter or Neptune , that is composed largely of gaseous material .
The first known use of this term is from a story ( “ Solar Plexus ” ) by James Blish ; the odd thing about it is that it was first used in a reprint of the story , eleven years after the story was first published .
Whether this is because Blish conceived of the term in the intervening years or read it somewhere else , or whether it was in the original manuscript and got edited out is impossible to say at this point .
Errors made in this blog have been corrected , thank you to our sharp - eyed commenters .
Featured Image Credit : ‘ Planet , Moon , Orbit , Solar Systen ’ , Image by LoganArt , CC0 Public Domain , via pixabay .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) -- Citigroup Inc. C , +0.91 % is in the market with a $ 3 billion credit - card loan - backed deal that is eligible for funding under the Federal Reserve 's facility to revive the consumer - lending market .
This is the fourth deal that investors can buy using funds from the Fed 's Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility , or TALF .
Previous deals are in the auto sector .
On Wednesday , Huntington National Bank , a unit of Huntington Bancshares Inc. ( HBAN ) , offered an $ 830 million bond deal backed by prime auto loans .
Ford Motor Co.'s ( F ) Ford Motor Credit Co. issued a $ 2.954 billion deal backed by auto receivables on Wednesday .
On Tuesday , auto maker Nissan Motor Co. ( NSANY ) said it will sell $ 1.5 billion of bonds backed by auto receivables .
The U.S. central bank began accepting requests for its highly anticipated $ 200 billion program on Tuesday .
The facility is aimed at jump - starting the securitization market , which dried up during the financial crisis in the past few months .
The central bank will issue loans to investors so they purchase newly created top - tier bonds backed by auto , credit - card , student and small business loans .
On Wednesday , the Fed said it will expand the program to accept other types of collateral .
It has said the facility could be increased to $ 1 trillion and include residential and mortgage - backed securities .
Interest in the program is strong , according to some market participants , as investors line up to find out if they are eligible and how best to access the non-recourse funds at rates and terms market participants call " attractive . "
Thursday marked the deadline for investors interested in participating in round one of the program that will dole out funds once a month .
The Fed hands over funds from this round March 25 .
The bank has issued several clarifications about who would be eligible for the funds , saying if a borrower posts " eligible collateral there should be every expectation of financing . "
- Contact : 201-938-5400
If you 're interested in how art is going to get interactive , you must check out The LightScraper .
The LightScraper is a custom built aluminium structure fabricated with a layer or semi translucent mesh .
By Electronic Miracles , the structure can be easily erected in various compositions in an outdoor or indoor setting .
How does it work ?
A single computer and two projectors are used to bring the visuals to life .
The LightScraper also acts as a giant musical instrument , people 's location influence the melodies emitting form the sculpture .
Wonder what it can do with some electronica !
( Justice would be sweet ! )
Visitors position are tracked via an Infrared camera mounted at the peak of the structure , and transposed into musical notes , the result is ever - changing melodies and visual delight .
Talk about beautiful art that shines in the night !
Check out the video :
Plan on seeing this baby at night time music festivals !
{ Via NotCot}
The Golden Globes were last night and of course no one was really paying attention to the actual awards ... well maybe SOME OF US ; D but everyone was definitely checking out what the stars were wearing .
Below are the HITS of the night ( in my opinion ) ...
Beyonce looked gorgeous in Eli Saab .
It was n't anything out of the ordinary , but she looked really nice nonetheless .
Eva Longoria in Reem Acra ( a red carpet favorite ) .
She looked great !
Hair , make - up , everything was on point to me !
Looks like she got back her petite figure after putting on some pounds for Desperate Housewives .
Megan Fox .
I 'm not sure where her dress is from and it really is n't all that but just wanted to show how SICK her body is .
Her makeup was nice and LIGHT , but man WTHECK is her diet and workout regime ?
There was ONLY a couple more HITS in my book last night which included Eva Mendes and Olivia Wilde .
The rest were either just " whatever " looking or just nice , but TOO SAFE .
And of course there is always the MISSES , which I 've posted below
And the ones that totally MISSED THE BULL'S EYE ....
Jennifer Lopez in Marchesa .
Ummm ok ... Usually Marchesa makes some of the most gorgeous gowns .
This does n't even seem like it would fit in with their collection .
And this dress definitely reminds of the infamous Versaces dress Jennifer wore to the Grammys back in the day .
She looked pretty nice from the head up though ...
Taraji P Henson in idk what .
If the dress was just in all black and less of the frills it woulda been very nice .
To be honest ... there were more MISSES than HITS and a bunch of in betweens .
But if you want to check out more check out www.eonline.com
Like This Post ?
Organic Search Engine Traffic
I excel at two things ; link building and content marketing .
My link building focuses on creating buzz and making sure your content gets the exposure you need .
I perform detailed research to find and target the keywords that will not only bring you the most traffic but will increase conversions as well .
I optimize your website for both long tail and short tail keywords to provide you with stable long - term traffic .
I use my expert knowledge of the search engine optimization industry to grow your organic search engine traffic .
My SEO work will get your website the exposure it deserves .
I have been an SEO Expert since 2004 and have achieved some amazing results for my clients over the past fifteen years .
I am committed to providing the best ROI for your business .
I offer my services with no long - term contracts .
My clients pay month - to - month and I have some of the most competitive pricing in the United States .
Lots of online marketing companies will charge a setup fee and a retainer just to get started , not us !
I charge a flat monthly fee with no hidden cost for our Internet marketing services .
Tens of thousands of Oregonians have lost their jobs and health coverage .
The recession means there 's less money for people to pay for medicine , doctor visits and food .
Stress and fear are rampant .
You 'd expect our health to suffer as a result , but a growing number of studies suggest the opposite occurs :
The health of a population tends to improve slightly when the economy goes south .
While some causes of death , such as suicide , increase during a recession , many others decrease .
Among them : car crashes , industrial accidents , heart attacks and , in some cities , infant deaths .
" I was very surprised at first , " said Christopher Ruhm , a professor of economics at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro .
In studies over the past 10 years , Ruhm has consistently found death rates decline during recessions and rise when the economy expands .
If unemployment rises 1 percent , he estimates the death rate will fall by about half a percent .
" I tracked things like unemployment and mortality and found that they were almost a mirror image of each other , " Ruhm said .
Other researchers have found evidence of improved health during economic downturns in Cuba , Germany , Japan and Spain .
Think of it as a silver lining -- and perhaps a measure of how much our unhealthy lifestyles and workaholic tendencies can get the best of us during boom times .
Some still on the fence
Some experts remain skeptical , in part because of overwhelming evidence that people who lose jobs suffer poor health because of it .
Depression , anxiety , drug and alcohol abuse , and anti-social behavior become significantly more likely after a person gets laid off .
And economic stress can distract or prevent some people from maintaining healthy habits , said Ralph Catalano , a professor of public health at the University of California at Berkeley .
In a recent study of women with newly diagnosed breast cancer , Catalano and colleagues found that during bad economic times , more cases were diagnosed in an advanced stage , suggesting women skipped or delayed getting mammograms .
Catalano questions the certainty of the statistical methods used by researchers who 've reported a link between recessions and lower death rates .
He said researchers using different methods to study the same times and places continue to reach conflicting conclusions about the overall effect of a shrinking economy .
" The old intuition , that bad economic times are bad for us , is probably closer to the mark , " Catalano said .
Idea in doctoral paper
One of the first studies to make the case that recessions are good for health appeared decades ago , in 1977 .
The author , a doctoral student at the University of Pennsylvania named Joseph Eyer , argued that recessions give people a reprieve from the overwhelming stresses of modern work , and conversely that boom times promote social isolation and daily routines that undermine health by , for instance , promoting obesity and heart disease .
The " alienation of modern work , " Eyer asserted , " promotes the polarization of life into enervating and emotionally draining toil , and the escape from work expressed in catatonic TV watching and overeating . "
But Eyer 's articles spent more time attacking capitalism than advancing the science and performing statistical analysis .
And for decades , economists generally accepted the view that wealth created by a rising economy improves health for the majority .
Ruhm , the University of North Carolina professor , assumed that was the case but decided to test the hypothesis after noticing that early studies on the question lacked statistical rigor .
" When I went to confirm the results , I found the opposite , " Ruhm said .
He first reported his findings in 2000 .
In a follow - up study , he and a European collaborator linked recession to lower death rates in 23 countries over the period from 1960 to 1997 .
Jose Tapia Granados , a research scientist at the University of Michigan 's Institute of Labor and Industrial Relations , said he thinks the evidence is overwhelming that death rates increase during boom times and decrease during recessions .
That 's what he found when he looked at the trends in the U.S. from 1900 to 1996 , and in Japan since World War II .
What 's not clear , he said , is how an up or down economy shapes a population 's health .
When industries are going full swing and consumers are spending more money , one major cause of death always increases : motor vehicle crashes .
Last year , as the economy tanked , the number of people killed in traffic accidents fell by about 9 percent compared with the previous year .
Traffic deaths totaled 37,313 , down from 41,059 in 2007 , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration .
Heavier air pollution also might boost death rates during boom times .
A 2003 study found that infant deaths fell significantly in cities where levels of air pollution fell during the 1981 - 82 recession .
Counties with the largest declines in particulate air pollution showed the largest declines in infant deaths .
The drop in pollution prevented about 2,500 newborns from dying nationwide , researchers from the University of California at Berkeley estimated .
People may also adopt healthier habits in response to the threats of a collapsing economy .
Ruhm has shown that during recessions , alcohol consumption declines , mainly because heavy drinkers drink less .
Smokers also cut back on cigarette consumption , Ruhm said .
And people who have been inactive tend to exercise more .
Finding the " why "
Figuring out why these behaviors change is more complicated .
Lack of money may force some people to cut back on fattening foods , alcohol and tobacco .
Fear of getting fired may convince heavy drinkers to stay more sober .
Ruhm suspects that during times of economic crisis , many people cope by focusing on aspects of their lives they can control .
" You can take that walk in the morning .
You can eat healthier .
You can do these things that are good for you . "
Economists who are convinced that death rates decline during downturns do not claim that recessions are desirable .
" There may be a silver lining , but there are still a lot of dark clouds , " Ruhm said .
Eric Neumayer , a researcher at the London School of Economics , argues that the goal should be figuring out precisely how economic recessions and growth spurts change the health of an entire population .
Writing in the International Journal of Epidemiology , Neumayer said society has paid much attention to the negative health effects of recessions for the unemployed , and rightly so .
But he added , " maybe it 's time to focus much more on how to mitigate the negative health effects of economic upturns . "
Joe Rojas - Burke : 503-412-7073 , joerojas@news.oregonian.com
MORE CARTOONS :
Hudson Hero
2009.01.16
The Fed's Battle Rages On
2008.11.25
Bailing Out on the Big Three
2008.11.17
Team of Rivals
2008.11.09
Campaign Wardrobe - Finance
2008.10.23
See the complete Sage , Ink index .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
The " slow death " of civil liberties must be reversed , the Liberal Democrats said today as the party pledged to scrap 20 laws that it said infringed people 's freedom .
In a move designed to ratchet up the pressure on the government , Chris Huhne , the party 's home affairs spokesman , published a freedom bill that aims to reverse the " cumulative loss " of civil liberties in Britain .
The draft legislation brings together all the laws introduced by Conservative and Labour governments over the last two decades that the party believes should be repealed .
Huhne said the party planned to introduce some of the measures as amendments to the bill of rights and responsibilities that the government is expected to bring forward .
Measures in the Lib Dem bill include abolishing the veto on the Freedom of Information Act , used for the first time this week by Jack Straw , the justice minister , to block publication of the minutes of two cabinet meetings held in the run-up to the Iraq war .
The wishlist also includes halving the period of detention without charge from 28 to 14 days , scrapping the ID card scheme , removing all innocent people from the DNA database other than those tried for a violent or sexual offences , and restricting the Regulation of Investigatory Powers
Act to serious and terrorist offences to stop councils and other public bodies " snooping " on citizens .
Huhne said : " With one small change after another over the last 20 years , the cumulative loss of civil liberties is huge .
The government has presided over the slow death by a thousand cuts of our hard - won British freedoms .
" Our forebears who fought so hard to establish our rights under the law would be shocked at what we have lost .
The freedom bill we are publishing today will repeal 20 years of attacks on our civil liberties from both Labour and Tory governments . "
Huhne expressed concern about the government 's forthcoming bill of rights and responsibilities .
" It probably wo n't add any new rights and will probably add new responsibilities .
A lot of the mood music around a British bill of rights and responsibilities is that we would define rights for British citizens and not anyone else . "
David Howarth , the Lib Dems ' justice spokesman , estimated there was a group of about 90 politicians from across the political spectrum who always voted in a liberal manner but Huhne said he would expect wider support on the scale last seen when Labour backbenchers rebelled against the government on plans to increase the period of detention without charge from 28 to 42 days .
Though the government was not defeated , 315 MPs voted for it , while 306 voted against – including 36 Labour MPs .
But Huhne said he was unsure that the Tory support for liberal measures they had enjoyed when David Davis was shadow home secretary would continue under Chris Grayling , his successor .
The home affairs spokesman said the Tories were now " less friendly to civil liberties " .
The idea of a freedom bill was first suggested by the Lib Dem leader , Nick Clegg , in 2006 , when he was the party 's home affairs spokesman .
The party has launched a website alongside the bill to garner views and allow members of the public to suggest other measures that should be included .
April 10 , 2009 Aaron Zelman
Jews for The Preservation of Firearms OwnershipApril 10 , 2009
Dear Michael ,
I was alarmed at the recent opinion brief you posted on your website advocating the outlawing of so - called “ assault rifles ” .
( Back up copy here on JPFO )
I doubt that I ’m the only American who was perturbed by your point of view .
While loudly decrying and condemning the political trickery of the insidious socialists and authoritarians in our midst , you have now written and published an influential piece to further their agenda .
As an American Jew , and the founder of “ Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership ” ( JPFO ) , I believe that I can offer a unique perspective on the dangerous fallacies of “ gun control ” .
I would hope that I might get you to reconsider your present stance .
You seem to be , as are many well meaning Americans , ignorant of certain aspects of world and U.S. history .
You are , as are many , also significantly misinformed of some critical facts of life within the present day U.S. law enforcement community .
Most disturbingly , you seem to also misunderstand the true intent of the Second Amendment , the very cornerstone of The Bill of Rights .
Perhaps more than anyone in this nation , you make full use of the First Amendment every day you are on the air , and every time someone accesses your web page .
That you seem to have failed to make a connection between the Second and the First is disheartening .
I invite you to view a JPFO production : “ 2A Today for the U.S.A. ” .
It is a free download .
It is perhaps the best explanation of the Second Amendment available to Americans today .
So , herein , I would like to counter your ill conceived assertions and , at the same time , make my case for why high capacity semi automatic rifles must remain available to Americans .
First , I must chide you on your use of the phrase “ assault rifle ” .
It betrays either an ignorance of firearms , or you are knowingly using one of the gun prohibitionists ’ pet deceptions .
Please realize that every time you use the term “ assault rifle ” you are using an emotionalized buzz word that has been purposefully mutated and distorted , and then injected into mainstream media jabber and political parlance by the likes of your close friends Dianne Feinstein , Charles Schumer , Barbara Boxer , Hillary Clinton , Michael Bloomberg , William Jefferson Clinton , Sarah Brady , Eric Holder , and legions of their socialist ilk .
In fact , the present day purposeful mis-usage of the term “ assault rifle ” was the 1988 brainchild of venal gun prohibitionist and propagandist Josh Sugarmann .
He openly declares in his own book why the deceptive nomenclature is so effective .
Sugarmann says :
“ The weapons ’ menacing looks , coupled with the public ’s confusion over fully automatic machine guns versus semi-automatic assault weapons — anything that looks like a machine gun is assumed to be a machine gun — can only increase the chance of public support for restrictions on these weapons .
In addition , few people can envision a practical use for these weapons . "
- Josh Sugarmann , Assault Weapons and Accessories in America , 1988
For all intents and purposes , American citizens CANNOT own actual assault rifles .
An assault rifle is a firearm that has a select fire option that allows it to operate as a fully automatic machine gun .
You may chalk this up as nit picking , but it is not .
Why ?
Because here is an important question :
Can the police arm themselves with fully automatic rifles , actual assault rifles ?
Of course !
And they now do so with increasing regularity .
Absolutely no one is stopping them !
Can the huge majority of Americans arm themselves with fully automatic rifles ?
No , they cannot .
Fully automatic rifles were made , for all intents and purposes , pragmatically illegal by the Firearms Act of 1934 .
Yes , you can own a machine gun if you are willing to pay a $ 200 tax , and then find a pre 1986 full auto machine gun , and then shell out the exorbitant price for such a hard to find gun .
So even licensed machine gun owners ca n’t get their hands on the hardware that your local cop shop can locate and easily acquire with a direct query to an agency like Homeland Security and / or BATFE .
[ efoods ]
Next in your opinion brief , you go on to infer that the police are “ outgunned ” .
This is simply not true .
In fact , it is a blatant lie that you have been duped into believing .
I repeat , the federal government , especially since 9 - 11 , stands ready to fund the supply of both semi automatic and fully automatic rifles to police authorities .
Many cops now drive around with semi automatic rifles within arms reach in their patrol cars .
Chicago has instituted this policy .
See , Huffington Post .
Every cop on the seven man Jasper , Florida police department packs a fully automatic M - 16 in the patrol car !
If the little town of Jasper can do it , no other municipality in America should find it difficult to follow suit .
Read about this here , World Net Daily Article .
The transition to semi automatic rifles is really no more complex or difficult than the transition from revolvers to semi automatic pistols the police have almost universally made over the last two decades .
Give the cops the guns .
Teach them how to use them .
It is being done all over America .
Los Angeles was way ahead of the curve on this trend .
So “ outgunned ” is a red herring , Michael .
Do n’t be suckered .
The next important correction to your opinion brief :
You infer that there is a “ flood ” of illegal semi automatic weapons being smuggled across our inarguably porous borders .
Wrong .
They are being made in America at this very moment .
As fast as American factories can turn them out !
Why ?
Because Americans by the millions NOW WANT THEM .
Maybe visions of Korean - Americans standing guard on their Los Angeles rooftops with AK - 47 type semi auto rifles put some ideas in our minds .
Ravaging looters were held at bay ( and some killed ) and many of the Korean stores were the only buildings left un-plundered in entire blocks .
Other than the fact that Koreans are notorious for not messing around , I wonder why .
With America and the world in the first stages of a global financial meltdown , is such civil unrest likely to be repeated in America in the near future ?
Do you even need to answer that one ?
These guns ( semi auto rifles ) are n’t being smuggled into America in any great numbers .
The AR - 15 style semi auto is legally manufactured by at least ten different firms in the U.S. Smith & Wesson makes one , Remington makes one , and Colt has been making them for decades .
The AK style semi autos are mostly made abroad , but legally imported .
However , there are also several U.S. manufacturers of the AK style semi auto .
( Keep that image of the defiant Korean store owner in your head . )
Next , you use a deceptively simplistic quote : “ Well , Mike , if we ’re armed with these weapons , the government ca n’t possibly take our rights away . ”
Nothing guarantees our freedom with complete assurance .
Nothing .
Our task as Americans is to make the theft of our freedom an extremely risky and bloody task for would - be tyrants .
Nothing has changed in the more than two hundred years we ’ve operated under the Bill of Rights .
Human folly and deceit remains the same … it ’s just being televised .
You are correct that a single person ca n’t make a successful stand against a corrupted government .
However , I should remind you that there are an estimated 65 MILLION gun owners ( owning more than 200 million firearms ) in America .
Some quite neutral authorities estimate there may be a firearm in almost every other house in the United States .
Read more here .
Suppose the state of affairs in this nation became so intolerable that “ They ” came to get YOU ?
( For that matter , would n’t you be the VERY FIRST guy on their list ? )
Having said that , you would obviously want us in the streets loudly protesting .
Unarmed , at first .
But at what point during your incarceration and “ re-education ” would you appreciate the fact that many of us were willing to take up arms to see you released ?
Men have been lynched by armed mobs … and men have been freed by armed mobs .
Or , in another not - so - unlikely event , what if house - to - house gun searches and confiscations ( as were conducted by malicious governments throughout the entire 20th Century ) start up here in America , in the land of the free ?
Michael , it has already happened , during Hurricane Katrina .
What do gun confiscations far too often lead to ?
Genocide .
Mass murder .
Please take a moment to study the easy - to - understand “ Genocide Chart ” that JPFO carefully researched and compiled .
Trust me , it is a wake up call .
The first few victims of American gun sweeps would be hauled off for hiding their firearms or not meeting the registration check lists , but word of such events would spread like wild fire .
Maybe the nation would hear about it from you first .
At some point , the jack boots would be met with force … quite likely a very significant force , from all directions .
That is the key point you overlook in your blithe dismissal : FROM ALL DIRECTIONS .
To be more accurate , from potentially 65 MILLION directions .
What if the American government ever “ goes bad ” and becomes a police state ?
That tyrannical government , IF it could enlist the willing support of every American soldier and every American cop ( which is thankfully doubtful ) , could field perhaps a total of 1.5 million armed personnel .
These duped soldiers and cops would have to go to their jobs each day facing a bare minimum of 10 MILLION very , very motivated and angry armed American citizens .
The other 55 million would sit on the fence waiting , with their guns , to see which way the tide was flowing .
Additionally , you must logically ask WHY the present government is so obsessively committed to “ gun control ” .
If our government has become so overpowering , so omnipotent , and it ’s a waste of our time to even imagine resisting tyranny , then why do “ They ” even worry about the citizens being armed ?
And why did the political regimes that committed genocide though the history of the 20th Century , first REGISTER and then CONFISCATE firearms before marching unarmed masses off to killing fields ?
If an armed government is so omnipotent , why have so many armed governments gone to the effort and expense of gun confiscation ?
The Turks did it to the Armenians .
Lenin did it to Russians .
Hitler did it to many Germans and all Jews .
Stalin gave Russians a horrific double dose .
And Mao , the world record holding mass murderer , did it to Red China .
Michael , I understand that you support the police in America .
So do I .
But do n’t let your loyalty to the men and women in blue cloud your thinking .
Police are “ public servants ” .
That makes us , in the final analysis , their masters .
This is a somber realization , but Americans must face this responsibility .
We are their masters .
They work for us .
Let them have their semi auto rifles .
Gladly .
Let them even have their fully automatic machine guns .
But that does n’t mean they can dictate public policy , and deny us the same right to personal self defense .
Your or my life is NOT less important than the life of a police officer .
When the police make the laws , it ’s call a “ Police State ” .
A huge and overwhelming majority of American gun owners salute the incredibly difficult job our police officers perform each day .
But if we allow laws that result in the registration and confiscation of significant self defense weapons , and misguided cops march out to enforce those laws , you will see Americans turn on those police officers with a resentment that you cannot even imagine .
Then we can talk about “ outgunned ” .
Sincerely ,
Aaron Zelman – Founder and Director JPFO
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Swine flu illness in the United States and Mexico - update 2
26 April 2009 - As of 26 April 2009 , the United States Government has reported 20 laboratory confirmed human cases of swine influenza A / H1N1 ( 8 in New York , 7 in California , 2 in Texas , 2 in Kansas and 1 in Ohio ) .
All 20 cases have had mild Influenza - Like Illness with only one requiring brief hospitalization .
No deaths have been reported .
All 20 viruses have the same genetic pattern based on preliminary testing .
The virus is being described as a new subtype of A / H1N1 not previously detected in swine or humans .
Also as of 26 April , the Government of Mexico has reported 18 laboratory confirmed cases of swine influenza A /H1N1 .
Investigation is continuing to clarify the spread and severity of the disease in Mexico .
Suspect clinical cases have been reported in 19 of the country 's 32 states .
WHO and the Global Outbreak Alert and Response Network ( GOARN ) are sending experts to Mexico to work with health authorities .
WHO and its partners are actively investigating reports of suspect cases in other Member States as they occur , and are supporting field epidemiology activities , laboratory diagnosis and clinical management .
On Saturday , 25 April , upon the advice of the Emergency Committee called under the rules of the International Health Regulations , the Director - General declared this event a Public Health Emergency of International Concern .
WHO is not recommending any travel or trade restrictions .
The music thumps , the lights flash , the shot glasses wait for willing lips .
But the bouncers are reduced to kicking at the curb , hoping somebody , anybody , will round the corner .
Friday nights are slow lately in Rosarito Beach ’s party zone , and everyone knows the drug war is to blame .
Hundreds of corpses discovered in and near Tijuana .
Some of them headless , others dissolved in barrels of lye .
People hear that , and they stay away .
At least , most people do .
But on this recent Friday night , just before 9 , two men and a woman come striding up the street .
Americans , young and thirsty ; buddies since undergrad days at UC Santa Barbara .
They bypass Papas & Beer .
They sidestep Club Vibe and Coco Beach .
They eye Iggy ’s and its sole customer .
And then they hop on stools and order shots .
“ If you ’re not doing drugs , you ’re not gonna get in trouble , ” explains Josh Davis , 24 , of San Diego .
“ As long as you stay on the well - lit paths , you ’re OK .
But then again , ” he adds with a grin , “ my night ’s not over yet . ”
It may not be surprising to hear that as bodies accumulate in Tijuana ( 843 homicides in 2008 , compared with 376 in the much larger city of Los Angeles ) , Rosarito Beach ’s hotel occupancy rates spiral downward .
On Feb. 20 , the U.S. State Department issued a 12 - paragraph “ alert ” on the perils of travel in Mexico , especially near the border .
On March 2 , the Justice Department ’s Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives went a step further , warning American college students to stay away from Tijuana and Rosarito Beach during spring break .
Despite deep discounting and a peso that has lost a third of its value in the last six months , this night ( shortly before the ATF warning ) reveals about 450 empty rooms at the Rosarito Beach Hotel .
Those who dare
But there ’s another side to this equation .
What about the 50 rooms that are occupied ?
Who are the Americans who have never stopped coming down to Rosarito ?
What are they thinking ?
In six hours of Friday - night circulating in Rosarito , a reporter and photographer come across several U.S. tourists , ages 23 to 60 , none of them newcomers to Mexico .
A few of the Americans fit the traditional description of a Rosarito reveler -- college students or recent grads -- and one of these revelers is an alumna of the reality show “ The Bad Girls Club . ”
( That would be Andrea Sharples , 24 , of Los Angeles , raising a glass in Iggy ’s with her friends Davis and Reed Clark . )
But several of the other visitors are retired , and some have been driving down here for decades .
“ It comes down to common sense , ” says Steve Howard , 60 , beginning a three - day weekend at the bar of the Rosarito Beach Hotel .
Howard , who has been coming here from San Diego County since 1962 , says of his companion and himself : “ We like our alcohol , but we do n’t do drugs , so it ’s a matter of not participating in the lifestyle . ”
And then there are the Pejakoviches of Sacramento , who are more worried about their financial future than they are about Mexican crime .
“ Life was good until six months ago , when everything burst , ” says Dan Pejakovich , pausing with a cigarette at the front door of the hotel .
Pejakovich , a 59 - year - old construction manager and inspector , left his job late last year .
He and his wife , Melana , 55 , estimate that their Sacramento house has lost half its value and might take months or more to sell .
And they ’re alarmed by the scale of the recession .
And so , after years of living well and vacationing in places such as Italy , Greece , Egypt and Turkey , they ’ve come south to check the housing situation in northern Baja .
For six days , they ’ve been visiting upscale residential enclaves and meeting a few of the estimated 14,000 American expats who live in the greater Rosarito area ; the overall population is about 55,000 .
Of course they ’ve been thinking about security , and they ’ve decided it ’s not a problem .
“ The drug people are fighting the drug people , ” says Dan Pejakovich .
It is “ a little disconcerting ” to see soldiers wearing masks , he admits .
“ But then you realize it ’s for their protection , so you say , ‘ OK . ’ ”
“ It ’s not going to affect us , ” said Melana Pejakovich .
“ Are they going to shoot up the Rosarito Beach Hotel just for the hell of it ?
No . ”
You ’ll hear the same argument from Randy and Gwen Graff of Missoula , Mont. , who bought their condo here in 2007 .
They ’re winding up a two - month stay , their first full winter in Rosarito .
“ We ’ve always traveled around Baja , ” says Randy Graff , 60 , a recently retired airline pilot .
“ We like it because it ’s slow , and we almost have the place to ourselves . ”
As for the crime , “ it ’s just amazing how the media seem to play it .
It ’s really not that big of a problem , ” he says .
Most of Baja ’s drug - war deaths have been registered in Tijuana , about 12 miles north of Rosarito .
And perhaps the most notorious case -- the January arrest of a suspected cartel associate who authorities say has laid claim to dissolving 300 bodies in vats of lye -- took place near Ensenada , about 50 miles to the south .
A 2007 spate of armed robberies and carjackings against Americans played out along the same geographical lines .
But Rosarito has seen plenty of its own trouble too .
In February 2008 , Daniel LaPorte , 27 , of San Diego and a 28 - year - old woman named Libey ( also known as Libe ) Craig , of La Mesa , Calif. , were killed in an apparent soured drug deal that also left three Mexican nationals dead on the outskirts of Rosarito Beach .
Authorities said all of the dead had drug - related arrest records except LaPorte , a suspected marijuana smuggler whose remains were found in a barrel of chemicals .
Since September , at least eight Rosarito Beach police officers have been killed , more than two dozen have resigned , and the town ’s main street , Benito Juarez Boulevard , has been the scene of at least two shootings .
In one , a drive - by assailant shot and killed a 15 - year - old boy and three others in a pet store .
In November , one drug cartel apparently tried to kill a gunman from a rival cartel outside a Rosarito taco stand .
Soon after , authorities said , five members of the first cartel were found , their bodies dismembered , in cars outside the same taco stand .
Few of the fatal cases involved Americans -- which leads the State Department to phrase its cautions with extreme care .
Officials warn of “ serious risks ” to American travelers in northern Baja , citing “ a notable spike ” in “ robberies , homicides , petty thefts and carjackings ” in the last year .
They also urge travelers to visit “ only legitimate business and tourist areas during daylight hours , ” and carry cellphones that work with international networks .
To some this might amount to a stay - away warning -- “ but that ’s not the case , ” said a spokesman at the U.S. Consulate in Tijuana .
The idea , he said , is just to provide information “ so that travelers can make their own informed decisions . ”
So Rosarito ’s boosters persist , hoping for a spring break surge , pushing its broad beaches and low prices , the movie props at the Foxploration theme park , the surfing contest coming April 3 - 5 , the Rosarito - Ensenada bike ride April 18 .
And Ivan Barron and Blanca Martinez of National City , Calif. , have heard the call .
They huddle in beach chairs by a fire ring , enjoying the full attention of two waiters .
Barron , 33 , wears a cowboy hat and clutches a Miller beer can .
Martinez , celebrating her 36th birthday , sips a margarita .
For about $ 150 , Barron says , they have three nights in an ocean - view room at the Rosarito Beach Hotel , along with three free dinners and three free margaritas each .
“ I told her they must have made a mistake or something , ” says Barron , laughing .
The killings ?
“ My parents live right here in TJ , so I come every weekend anyway , ” Barron says .
“ Those guys who are getting killed are getting killed for a reason . ”
‘ Food , clubs , girls ’
Up on the main drag at El Nido restaurant , Ryan Griffith , a 23 - year - old cook from Carlsbad , Calif. , and Denis Mikhailenko , 24 , a business major at Cal State San Marcos , have no family in Mexico , but they ’re thinking along the same lines .
“ Food , clubs , girls , cheap liquor , ” says Mikhailenko .
“ You can live like a king for way cheaper than you ever could in a place like San Diego .
And you feel wanted here . ”
After perhaps a dozen visits over the last two years , Mikhailenko says he and Griffith figure they ’re safe as long as they treat everyone with respect , break no laws and do n’t go down any unfamiliar streets .
And the rest of their Friday evening ?
“ Depends on where the night leads us , ” says Mikhailenko , heading out to the street .
As the evening wears on , Barron and Martinez tiptoe back from the beach to their $ 50 - a- night ocean - view room .
The Pejakoviches head out to dinner at the Rosarito Applebee’s .
At Iggy ’s , the UCSB gang of three hangs on until around midnight .
As for Griffith and Mikhailenko , let their story show that even in dire times there are happy endings , of a sort , to be had in northern Baja .
“ We actually drove to Ensenada , ” Mikhailenko reports later via e-mail .
“ We watched some live music and ate good food .
We then finished the night at a strip club . ”
--
christopher.reynolds @latimes.com
A locksmith sent to change the lock of a Phoenix home supposedly under foreclosure was shot early Saturday morning by a man still living in the house .
The unidentified 26 - year - old locksmith expected the home , on the 4300 block of East Campo Bello Drive , to be empty when he arrived around 4:30 a.m. and began drilling out the lock on the front door , according to Phoenix Police Sgt. Andy Hill .
When he pushed the door open , he was shot in the hand by the 39 - year - old homeowner .
The homeowner , whose named has not been released , claimed he had never received any notice of foreclosure and thought the locksmith was breaking in , Hill said .
He was not arrested at the time of the incident .
The locksmith was taken to a local hospital .
Phoenix Police will be turning the investigation over to the Maricopa County Attorney 's Office for review .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
At least 74 schools have closed across the country because of confirmed or probable cases of swine flu and 30 more have closed as a precautionary measure , the Department of Education said Wednesday .
John Garcia disinfects a classroom at St. Mel Catholic School in Fair Oaks , California .
The elementary , junior high and high schools have closed because of the H1N1 virus , Department of Education spokesman Massie Ritsch said .
The closures of public and private schools across eight states affect about 56,000 students out of an estimated 55 million students attending the nation 's 100,000 kindergarten through 12th grade schools , Ritsch said .
Some of the schools that were closed had already reopened , he said .
In addition to closures announced earlier Wednesday , the Fort Worth Independent School District in Texas said it will temporarily close all of its schools until further notice , affecting roughly 80,000 students , according to its Web site .
Schools will likely not reopen any sooner than Monday , May 11 , the district said .
School officials said they made the decision after receiving official confirmation of one case of swine flu at one campus and news of three other probable cases at three more schools .
" We have been diligently following the recommendations of our local public health authorities since this crisis first began , " Superintendent Melody Johnson said .
" We will continue to work with the senior - most staff of the local health department . "
The Madison County , Alabama , Schools district , which includes Huntsville , will also close its schools Thursday and Friday due to two probable cases at an elementary school .
On Wednesday , President Obama called on schools with confirmed or possible swine flu cases to " strongly consider temporarily closing so that we can be as safe as possible . "
Education Secretary Arne Duncan said Wednesday that everyone involved in schools needs to " pitch in and do our part to prevent the spread of this flu virus . "
" Use the same common sense and courtesy that you would use during winter flu season : Wash your hands , cover your mouth when you cough and stay home if you are sick , " Duncan said .
The secretary said the department is closely monitoring the flu outbreak and urged schools to follow guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
" Do what is appropriate for the health of your communities , your schools and your students , " Duncan said .
Department of Education officials and experts from the CDC held a conference call Monday with more than 1,700 people from national education associations , state school offices , individual schools and school districts .
The Department of Education emphasized the need for " common sense " preventative measures among students and faculty in school facilities , an official said .
Education officials also stressed the need for people showing any flu - like symptoms to stay away from school and called on administrators to report any suspected or confirmed cases to local public health authorities as well as the Department of Education .
If a school has a confirmed case of swine flu , the CDC recommends closing the facility for about seven days .
All About Influenza • U.S. Department of Education • Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
The all - liquid battery : discharged ( left ) , charging ( middle ) , and charged ( right ) .
Molten magnesium ( blue ) is the top electrode , in the middle is the electrolyte ( green ) , and molten antimony ( yellow ) is the bottom electrode .
Image credit : Arthur Mount .
( PhysOrg.com ) --
One of the biggest challenges currently facing large - scale solar energy technology is finding an effective way to store the energy , which is essential for using the electricity at night or on cloudy days .
Recently , researchers from MIT have designed a new kind of battery that , unlike conventional batteries , is made of all - liquid active materials .
Donald Sadoway , a materials chemistry professor at MIT , and his team have fabricated prototypes of the liquid battery , and have demonstrated that the materials can quickly absorb large amounts of electricity , as required for solar energy storage .
" No one had been able to get their arms around the problem of energy storage on a massive scale for the power grid , " says Sadoway .
" We 're literally looking at a battery capable of storing the grid . "
The battery consists of three layers of liquids : two electrode liquids on the top and bottom ( electrodes are usually solid in conventional batteries ) , and an electrolyte liquid in the middle .
In the researchers ' first prototype , the electrodes were molten metals - magnesium on the top and antimony on the bottom - while the electrolyte was a molten salt such as sodium sulfide .
In later prototypes , the researchers investigated using other materials for improved performance .
Since each liquid has a different density , the liquids automatically form the three distinct layers .
When charging , the solid container holding the liquids collects electrons from exterior solar panels or another power supply , and later , for discharging , the container carries the electrons away to the electrical grid to be used as electricity .
As electrons flow into the battery cell , magnesium ions in the electrolyte gain electrons and form magnesium metal , rising to form the upper molten magnesium electrode .
At the same time , antimony ions in the electrolyte lose electrons , and sink to form the lower molten antimony electrode .
At this point , the battery is fully charged , since the battery has thick electrode layers and a small layer of electrolyte .
To discharge the electrical current , the process is reversed , and the metal atoms become ions again .
As Sadoway explained in a recent article in MIT 's Technology Review , the liquid battery is a promising candidate for solar energy storage for several reasons .
For one thing , it costs less than a third of the cost of today 's batteries , since the materials are inexpensive and the design allows for simple manufacturing .
Further , the liquid battery has a longer lifetime than conventional batteries , since there are no solid active materials to degrade .
The liquid battery is also useful in a wide range of locations compared with other proposed solar storage methods , such as pumping water .
Most importantly , the liquid battery 's electrodes can operate at electrical currents tens of times higher than any previous battery , making it capable of quickly absorbing large amounts of electricity .
The researchers hope to commercialize the liquid battery in the next five years .
As Sadoway explained , connecting the batteries into a giant battery pack to supply electricity for New York City would require nearly 60,000 square meters of land .
Such a battery pack could store energy from enormous solar farms , which would replace today 's power plants and transmission lines as they become old .
via : Technology Review
© 2009 PhysOrg.com
Explore further Wanted :
The best storage battery
We Americans have Fusion - io 's ioDrive and OCZ's Z Drive to look forward to when it comes to slamming down a PCIe - based SSD solution in our lightning fast rigs , but what about the savvy Japanese ?
Enter PhotoFast , who has just revealed a luscious PCIe SSD of its own , ranging from 256GB to one whole terabyte in size .
The unit includes a couple of SSDs hooked together in a RAID0 setup in order to provide up to 750 MB / sec read rates and 700 MB / sec write rates .
As with most SSDs , this unit also boasts a 1.5 million hour MTBF and should work perfectly within Windows XP and Vista machines .
Those in and around Osaka can expect these to land around mid-April for about the cost of a new TV -- seriously .
[ Via Engadget Japanese
US authorities have launched a criminal investigation after exhuming the body of a man rumoured to have had his legs severed to fit into his coffin .
Officials in Allendale , South Carolina , would not reveal exactly what they discovered after removing the lid of James Hines 's coffin on Wednesday .
But coroner Hayzen Black described it as " undesirable evidence " .
A former employee of the funeral home that buried 6ft 5in Mr Hines in 2004 contacted police , US media report .
Mr Black said the new evidence had been turned over to state and local law enforcement .
He told a local TV station that officials " had found some causes for further investigation " .
Mr Black said there had long been rumours that Mr Hines 's legs had been cut to fit the coffin for which he had paid .
' Heart wrenching '
Mr Hines is described as a minister at the Revelations Ministries church .
His grave is in the cemetery behind the church .
" It 's heart - wrenching , " church spokeswomen Rachel Jones told NBC Augusta .
" If something has happened , justice needs to be done . "
She added : " There 's nothing bad you can say about James Hines .
Everyone knew him as this huge , lovable man who was devoted to the church , his family and the community . "
Mr Hines 's body has now been reburied in a different coffin .
The funeral home that buried Mr Hines has declined to comment , the Associate Press news agency reported .
Just like AT&T , some Apple stores are now selling iPhones without a contract for $ 599 ( 8GB ) and $ 699 ( 16GB ) .
But unlike buying these phones at AT&T , you do n't need an existing AT&T contract to take advantage of the offer .
And there 's no account limit on the amount of iPhones you can buy .
Advertisement
Like we said before , it 's a little confusing .
The bottom line is that if you want to buy an iPhone and you do n't have / want an AT&T contract , you 're best off trying an Apple store first .
If that does n't work , you could always sweet talk a buddy into buying you an iPhone through his AT&T account .
[ AppleInsider ]
SHARE Snowmobile deaths Click to enlarge
By of the
Snowmobile enthusiasts killed themselves in Wisconsin this winter by falling through thin ice and smashing into other snowmobiles , trees , a dock , a car , a milk truck and other objects - and most of them died while drunk .
Among the victims in crashes where alcohol was involved were a soldier home on leave from Iraq , a newlywed couple and two University of Wisconsin - Stout students .
With snow that fell early and often this season , the number of registered snowmobiles rose in Wisconsin while 23 people died on the popular machines , a drop of two from last year .
Of the 23 fatalities , 15 involved alcohol , with two cases still awaiting toxicology tests .
And of those 15 , all but one had more than the legal limit of 0.08 , and several had twice or three times that level .
One victim , a 44 - year - old man who drove his snowmobile into a tree in La Crosse County in January , registered a blood - alcohol level of 0.36 .
Though snowmobile fatalities are down overall , Department of Natural Resources officials point to statistics in Minnesota and Michigan , which each have more registered snowmobiles than Wisconsin but with fewer deaths .
Minnesota registered 253,000 snowmobiles - compared with Wisconsin 's 230,000 - and nine deaths .
And in Michigan , 21 people died this winter in a state that has 392,000 snowmobile registrations .
What makes Michigan and Minnesota different from Wisconsin is that drunken snowmobile driving penalties in those two states are linked to driver 's licenses , said Gary Eddy , state Department of Natural Resources snowmobile / ATV administrator .
In Wisconsin , convictions of driving a snowmobile while drunk do n't affect driver 's licenses .
" All of them ( the deaths ) are heartbreaking , " Eddy said Tuesday .
" Most of these accidents , people are riding as a recreational activity , so it 's usually a family member or friend that comes across them after the accident .
It 's very traumatic . "
Unlike Wisconsin , Minnesota has a day and night speed limit of 50 mph , something that 's been on the books for three decades .
Here , snowmobilers can drive any speed during daylight hours , while the nighttime speed limit is 55 mph .
However , the nighttime speed limit is in the second year of a three - year temporary rule .
Eddy would like to see it made permanent , because speed was a factor in almost three - quarters of this winter 's accidents .
According to the DNR 's annual snowmobile fatality report , in Oconto County last month , a 48 - year - old man was driving home from a tavern when his snowmobile hit an ice heave .
Though the accident report does n't state an exact speed , the victim 's snowmobile was traveling fast enough to go airborne for approximately 57 feet after hitting the ice heave .
Then the victim traveled in the air about 149 feet before hitting the ice and continuing for another 150 feet on the ice .
His snowmobile was found with the engine still running .
A couple was killed on New Year 's Day in Douglas County when their snowmobile hit a shoreline while traveling very fast .
The 20 - year - old driver and his 21 - year - old girlfriend both tested positive for marijuana and were drunk , the DNR report says .
They died when their snowmobile went airborne and struck a dock that had been pulled onto the shore .
Two days later , three people died in a head - on collision in Vilas County .
None of the victims had been drinking alcohol , but speed was a factor in their deaths , the DNR report says .
Wisconsin tried a nighttime speed limit the season after a record 39 people died on snowmobiles during the 1999 - 2000 winter .
In the one year of the 50 mph night speed limit , fatalities dropped to 26 , followed by 14 the next year , apparently because snowmobilers thought the limit was still in effect .
But the temporary rule was allowed to lapse .
Then last winter , the Natural Resources Board instituted another speed limit for night - this time at 55 mph .
There 's been no discussion on making the speed limit permanent after next winter .
The board " will probably wait until it gets closer to the expiration date , " Eddy said .
" It 's been proven to us .
If you go back to 2000 and track the fatality numbers , any time the dip happens that was precisely when the speed limit went into effect . "
Mike Cerny , chairman of the Wisconsin Snowmobile Recreation Council , said there 's widespread support among snowmobile enthusiasts to make the night speed limit permanent .
" There 's always people who feel that 's an infringement of their rights , but others want to feel they can be able to ride a trail at night without someone coming at them at 80 mph , " Cerny said .
However , there 's less consensus on linking drunken recreation vehicle convictions to driver 's licenses .
The snowmobile council is meeting with counterparts among ATV enthusiasts and boaters who want to see the same penalties for all recreation vehicle users .
Cerny said there 's not much support for linking the first OWI of a recreational vehicle to driver 's licenses .
He said there 's some willingness to link a second snowmobile drunken - driving conviction to driver 's licenses
In Michigan , a drunken snowmobile driving arrest is like a motor vehicle OWI - it counts six points against a driver 's license , said Michigan DNR spokeswoman Mary Dettloff .
In Minnesota , the first snowmobile drunken - driving arrest does n't affect a driver 's license , but if someone with a snowmobile OWI drives drunk behind the wheel of their car , the snowmobile conviction can be used as a penalty enhancer , said Maj .
Roger Tietz , operations support manager in the Minnesota DNR Law Enforcement Division .
" Our ( fatality ) numbers do n't rival Wisconsin's .
I think what ends up happening is there 's probably more of an awareness that you can get arrested , " Tietz said .
Abida Hussain is a notoriously sharp - tongued politician with gray hair and a smoker ’s raspy voice who is running for parliament in Punjab , Pakistan — against her own cousin .
The two rivals come from a powerful landowning family that has controlled the region for generations , and both have held the office before .
This time , her cousin is favored to win , but Hussain has hope — she ’s signed on to the party of another famous dynastic politician , Benazir Bhutto .
It ’s just a few weeks after Bhutto was assassinated , and candidates associated with her party are expected to benefit from the sympathy vote .
My lectures will cover the basics of graphical models , also known as Bayes ( ian ) ( Belief ) Net ( work ) s .
We will cover the basic motivations for using probabilities to represent and reason about uncertain knowledge in machine learning , and introduce graphical models as a qualitative and quantitative specification of large joint probability distributions .
We will see how many common classification , regression and clustering models can be cast in this framework .
We will cover the basic algorithm ( called belief propagation ) for inference in graphical model structures .
We will also cover the major approaches to learning models from data ( parameter estimation ) .
The course will focus on directed models and the basic algorithms , but time and student desire permitting , I will also try to give some preliminary explanations of undirected models , approximate inference and learning , structure discovery and current applications .
GOCE 's sophisticated electric ion propulsion system has been switched on and confirmed to be operating normally , marking another crucial milestone in the satellite 's post - launch commissioning phase .
The success of GOCE 's ultra-sensitive gravity measurements depends on finely controlling the satellite 's orbit and speed .
The push from the thruster must be just enough to compensate for the tiny amount of drag generated by the few wisps of atmosphere at GOCE 's orbital height .
No normal jet engine could do this , but GOCE 's sophisticated electric ion propulsion system can .
This cutting - edge system does not burn fuel like a regular rocket motor .
Instead , it is supplied with xenon from a 40 - kg tank , which is converted to fast - moving ions - naked xenon atoms that have had some of their electrons stripped away by an electric discharge generated from solar energy .
The ions are ejected toward the rear , giving a very gentle , steady and smooth thrust .
The electric ion propulsion system comprises two redundant thruster units mounted externally on the last panel of the satellite .
The thrusters can be throttled between 1 and 20 millinewtons ( mN ) , which will be set automatically , depending on the actual real time drag that the satellite experiences once GOCE is in routine operations .
This is a fantastically small force - a thrust of a few mN is similar to the weight of a few drops of water on Earth .
Yet , by thrusting continuously during GOCE 's routine operations , it is sufficient to maintain a ' freefall ' orbit .
advertisement
" On Tuesday last week , we fired the B-unit of the electric ion propulsion , stepping it through 1 , 3 and 8.3 mNs of thrust .
On Thursday , we fired the A-unit .
Both are performing nominally , " said Spacecraft Operations Manager Juan Piñeiro , speaking at , ESA 's European Space Operations Centre ( ESOC ) in Darmstadt , Germany .
" Next comes the ' wake up ' for the instruments , which puts us in the position to start operating the first - ever gradiometer to be flown in space .
After confirming they work , we will be ready for intensive testing of the satellite and of the scientific data - processing system on the ground , which will be managed at ESA 's Earth Observation Centre in Frascati , Italy , " said Rune Floberghagen , GOCE Mission Manager .
The Flight Control Team is now working from the GOCE Dedicated Control Room at ESOC , and has continued with a series of operational checks since the end of the critical Launch and Early Orbit Phase on 20 March .
Prior to commissioning the electric ion propulsion , GOCE was in free flight ( not powered ) and is now at an altitude of approximately 280 km , gently decaying at a rate of about 190 m/day .
GOCE is the first ESA satellite employing drag - free control , in which the satellite is in pure freefall around Earth , and is one of the first - ever satellites to use electric ion propulsion to continually compensate for atmospheric drag .
The Drag - Free and Attitude Control Subsystem ( DFACS ) performs autonomous determination and control of the satellite ’s attitude pointing , angular movements and linear and angular accelerations .
The DFACS uses , among other inputs , signals from the Electrostatic Gravity Gradiometer ( EGG ) - the primary on board scientific instrument - to provide information on the drag experienced by GOCE .
The propulsion is then varied automatically to maintain the required velocity and altitude .
GOCE also orbits at an extremely low altitude , so atmospheric drag and solar activity have important effects on the trajectory .
Solar heating causes the upper atmosphere to expand , increasing the amount of drag that GOCE experiences at a given altitude .
" Solar activity is now in an extended minimum period , so the atmosphere is actually less thick and GOCE is experiencing less drag than forecast , " says Marco Antonio Garcia Matatoros , GOCE Lead Flight Dynamics Coordinator .
Posted by Sir Cucumber at on Monday , March 23 , 2009
There are things in our days we do so often that they can be done without us .
Our tongues remember the talk , fingers remember the formulas , our feet the way home .
We'd be here now , but instead we 're miles away , and everything seems to be working fine this way - how else would it have become routine ?
But it is by the details that we sink or succeed , by the details that we find meaning in this drudgery , or at least a good story for the bar .
You can't sleepwalk through life , because sooner or later something will shake you awake , and it will hurt .
SALT LAKE CITY – As the U.S. Southwest grew warmer from 18,700 to 10,000 years ago , juniper trees vanished from what is now the Mojave Desert , robbing packrats of their favorite food .
Now , University of Utah biologists have narrowed the hunt for detoxification genes that let the rodents eat toxic creosote bushes that replaced juniper .
" It was either eat it or move out , " says biology Professor Denise Dearing , senior author of the study , published online Tuesday , April 7 in the journal Molecular Ecology .
During the study , eight packrats – also known as woodrats – were captured from each of two western regions : the Mojave Desert and the cooler Great Basin .
Rats from both areas were fed rabbit chow mixed either with creosote or juniper .
The scientists then scanned the rodents ' genetic blueprints to look for active genes known as " biotransformation genes " because they produce liver enzymes to detoxify the poisons in creosote and the less - toxic juniper .
" We found 24 genes in woodrats from the Mojave Desert that could be key in allowing them to consume leaves from creosote bushes , " she says .
" The leaves are coated with a toxic resin that can comprise up to 24 percent of the dry weight of the plant . "
Dearing says she conducted the study because " we do n't really understand how wild animals process their diets , and how herbivores can feed on really toxic diets .
If we can understand it , we may be able to understand how they will deal with climate change . "
For example , " the toxins in creosote could respond to increases in [ atmospheric ] carbon dioxide , " which causes global warming , she adds .
" The plants may make more toxins under elevated CO2 conditions because these toxins are built from carbon atoms . "
Dearing says once the actual creosote - detoxification genes are pinpointed among the 24 candidates identified by the new study , those genes someday might be used to modify cattle , sheep or other grazing animals so they could eat creosote .
A packrat , also known as a woodrat , from the Great Basin of Utah is surrounded by mildly toxic juniper leaves that make up much of its diet .
When climate warming eliminated juniper trees from what is now the Mojave Desert between 18,700 and 10,000 years ago , packrats there had to eat much more toxic creosote bushes , which replaced juniper .
A University of Utah study has scanned the genetic blueprint of packrats from the Great Basin and the Mojave , and has narrowed to 24 candidate genes the search for genes that produce enzymes allowing Mojave packrats to eat poisonous creosote resin .
( Photo Credit : Denise Dearing , University of Utah )
" The Mojave is huge , and there are n't many things that eat creosote , " she says .
Dearing conducted the study with Jael Malenke , a postdoctoral fellow in biology at the University of Utah , and Elodie Magnanou , who held the same position until March 2008 and now is at Pierre and Marie Curie University in France .
The study was funded by the National Science Foundation .
' A Tale of Two Poisons '
Human plant consumption is healthy , thanks to agriculture , which breeds toxins out of plants we eat , Dearing says .
People also adapted genetically – like the woodrats – to certain changes in their diets .
There are extra genes for starch - digesting enzymes in people with high - starch diets ( potatoes , rice , grains ) , such as Japanese and Europeans .
" Eating for [ non - human ] herbivores is really dangerous , " Dearing says .
" Most plants make toxins to prevent from being eaten . "
She says little is known about how plant - eating vertebrate animals disarm plant defenses .
Until the advent of genetic techniques to scan an animal 's genome , or genetic blueprint , " we could only look at one , two or three enzymes at a time .
Much more work has been done on insects because they are pests and eat a lot of the plants we eat . "
Wood creosote is a resin that comes from creosote bushes or high - temperature treatment of certain other woods , and once was used in laxatives , cough medicine and disinfectants .
It is different than the more commonly known coal tar creosote , which is made of petrochemicals and is the world 's most widely used wood preservative , applied to power poles , railroad ties and bridge timbers .
Packrats in Utah's Great Basin built and live in this " midden " beneath a juniper tree , their major if slightly toxic food source .
Pollen preserved in ancient middens showed packrats -- also called woodrats -- throughout the US Southwest once ate juniper leaves , but as the climate warmed between 18,700 and 10,000 years ago , packrats in what is now the Mojave Desert were forced to eat invading creosote bushes , which are much more toxic than juniper .
University of Utah researchers are zeroing in on the detoxification genes that allow modern Mojave woodrats to eat creosote .
( Photo Credit : Denise Dearing , University of Utah )
Even with detoxification genes , creosote bush is so toxic the packrats can eat only so much .
When they eat it exclusively , in winter , they actually lose weight .
They gain weight in the spring when they also eat annual plants and grasses , yucca and other plants .
Juniper also is toxic , but not as much as creosote bush .
Before creosote invaded the Southwest from South America , woodrats ate juniper throughout what is now the Great Basin of Utah and Nevada and the Mojave Desert of southwestern Utah , southern Nevada and inland southeastern California .
But things were changing as the last Ice Age waned .
" As the glaciers were receding , creosote bush was invading , " says Dearing .
" The Southwestern deserts were being formed as the land was becoming hotter and drier , and creosote bush replaced juniper trees in those areas . "
Woodrats also are known as packrats because they build yard - wide , 2 - foot - tall " middens " using twigs , branches , pottery shards and other debris .
The middens are typically above ground – under juniper trees in the Great Basin and yucca in the Mojave .
Because ancient middens are preserved , scientists have analyzed their contents , which included juniper pollen , showing packrats throughout the Southwest ate juniper before the climate warmed .
Creosote pollen shows the bushes had spread through the Mojave by 10,000 years ago .
" I see this as a tale of two poisons or a tale of two diets – two populations of the same species that feed on very different staple foods : creosote and juniper , " says Dearing .
" It 's like suddenly having your food coated with a different poison than you are used to .
It 's interesting to see the response of these animals to a natural climate change event where they were forced to change their diet and adapt to a new type of toxin . "
Dearing says that as creosote invaded , some woodrats already had genes to let them eat creosote or there was a mutation in existing detoxification genes that allowed creosote consumption .
Over time , Mojave woodrats with those genes were more likely to survive on creosote , while those in the Great Basin stuck to juniper .
Searching for Detoxification Genes
In the new study , Dearing and colleagues used microarrays designed to scan laboratory rat genes – a glass slide containing tiny fragments of some 40,000 genes .
The fragments bind to their counterparts in a sample of genetic material – in this study , an extract from woodrat liver .
The microarrays , with pieces of 40,000 lab rat genes , included 224 biotransformation or detoxification genes already identified in lab rats .
Dearing decided to try lab rat microarrays on closely related packrats .
" We never have been able to survey this number of detoxification genes at once , " Dearing says .
" Prior to the advent of these microarrays , there have n't been techniques where we could look at detox genes comprehensively . "
The microarray analysis shows which genes in the woodrats have been " expressed " or activated to produce enzymes that make toxins in creosote and juniper water soluble and thus easily excreted by the rodents .
The researchers collected eight packrats from each of two areas using live animal traps baited with peanut butter and oats .
Mojave woodrats came from Lytle Ranch , a Nature Conservancy preserve in southwest Utah .
Great Basin woodrats came from the White Rocks area of Tooele County , west of Salt Lake City .
Eight woodrats from each region were fed diets in which rabbit chow was treated either with creosote resin or with finely ground juniper leaves .
Then the microarrays were used to determine which genes had been activated on each diet in each group of packrats .
-- " When both populations were fed juniper , we found fewer differences between the two populations in gene expression and also in their ability to eat juniper , " Dearing says .
" That says the Mojave woodrats have n't completely lost their ability to detoxify juniper yet . "
Both groups of packrats also lost weight , showing that they can only eat so much of even the more mildly toxic juniper , but must eat other available plants .
-- " Then we fed both groups creosote , and that allowed us to identify these 24 detoxification genes " that were activated more in the Mojave woodrats than in their Great Basin relatives , Dearing says .
Because of those genes , the Mojave packrats ate more creosote than the Great Basin packrats , and they also were able to maintain their weight eating creosote , while the Great Basin rodents lost weight .
With the 24 candidate genes , " we now have to check every one of these genes to see which are important in detoxification of creosote , " says Dearing .
Source : University of Utah
Creosote bushes like those shown here replaced juniper trees in what now is the Mojave Desert as climate warmed between 18,700 and 10,000 years ago .
Woodrats in the Mojave had to switch from a juniper diet to a more toxic creosote diet .
A study led by University of Utah biologist Denise Dearing has narrowed the hunt for detoxification genes that let the packrats eat creosote .
( Photo Credit : Denise Dearing , University of Utah )
Here ’s another brutal look at where P/E rations might end up going before this is all over , via Bob Bronson :
I am very skeptical of earnings forecasts , because they have been so terrible for most of my adult life .
The conspiracy of optimists always seems to overestimate future earnings .
Trailing earnings are real data , not opinion of guesswork .
They provide a factual basis for valuation , and not a wishful or theoretical version .
Those who were claiming that there is no recession have now taken to saying we are at the worst levels of the recession .
Often , we see forward earnings estimates at the heart of this faulty analysis .
Forward earnings guesswork are why the analyst community missed the credit crisis , why they could expected a 20 % Q3 , and 50 % Q4 earnings rebound .
Hence , the forward earnings consensus led to calls for 1350 and even 1550 on the S&P . . .
Its now about half of that .
Rather than rely on Wall Street Analysts who are chock full of the conflicts , and seem structurally incapable of catching major economic turns , let ’s revisit a long term look at P/E ratios , via historical cycles .
>
click for ginormous chart
chart via Bob Bronson Capital Management
>
UPDATE February 16 , 2009 11:58 am
The key point of the chart is that earnings and P / Es are cyclical .
Spare us the your slacker analysis , merely stating that “ you can make any chart look however you want . ”
( At least this sarcasm is amusing ) .
Rather than merely dismiss this , I suggest you instead come up with something demonstrating stocks are cheap or even fairly priced .
Or alternatively , due some work and prove the chart is wrong .
But no more lazy junk science .
Ignore this chart if you want — but I think it suggest the market is still not “ Very Cheap ” based upon prior cycles .
>
Previously :
Bear Market Bottoms & P/E Ratios ( January 15 , 2009 )
http://www.ritholtz.com/blog/2009/01/bear-market-bottoms-pe-ratios/
Mark Matcho
As with all earthly things , from the sparrow 's wing to the Barry Manilow songbook , the pyramids took shape slowly .
According to Lanny Bell , a visiting scholar of Egyptology at Brown University , first came the mastaba , a flat - roofed tomb with sloping sides .
" Then , " says Bell , " this brilliant architect , Imhotep , said , ' Listen , your majesty , I can do something more spectacular and get you closer to heaven , ' which turned out to be the step pyramid .
They 're still doing the mastabas , but piling them up .
" The original concept was that the dead went up to join the stars .
The step shape can be construed as a ladder — in the pyramid texts , the way to heaven is described in terms of a ladder .
It was less than 100 years from the time they started building step pyramids until they had the true pyramid .
When the idea of the sun as the most powerful force in the universe came into being , they said , ' We want something that looks more like the rays of the sun coming down to the four corners of the earth . ' "
John Darnell , professor of Egyptology at Yale University , concurs : " The true , smooth - sided pyramid is an honest - to - God solar monument .
What they seemed to do is convert — architecturally — the step pyramid into a true pyramid and transform this stepped object into an image of the sun .
" If the Egyptians had wanted to build giant cubes or rectangles , they would have done it .
It really is symbolism — solar symbolism — that makes them love that shape . "
Got a question ?
Send it to answerfella@esquire.com .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
This is part of my RPG series of entries here at SOB .
See the inaugural entry in the series for more details .
In running high level ROLEplaying games , I said :
Optimization is n’t necessarily bad in a roleplaying oriented campaign , as long as it is n’t metagaming optimization .
Make sure that any optimization going on in your campaign is oriented toward character development rather than merely character invincibility development .
There ’s nothing to be ashamed of in a little reasonable character optimization .
Optimization is natural .
Players try to optimize their characters , to some extent at least , and you should n’t discourage that .
What you should discourage in a roleplaying oriented campaign , though , is pure combat power optimization with little or no acknowledgement of the importance of in - character justification for the kind of optimization that ’s going on .
If you ’re starting a new campaign at first level and one of the players comes to you with a character concept that includes the motivation “ become as powerful as possible ” , you might want to consider asking for more depth to the concept .
What does power really mean to the character ?
It ’s not going to be the same thing that it means to the player , who can sit outside the game flipping through splatbooks and adding up damage totals that occur as a result of combining corner - case quirks in the game mechanics .
Whatever kind of “ power ” ( if any ) the character chooses to pursue , the PC should not only have a reason for pursuing that power that is grounded in a richly imagined background , but should also be something that makes sense in - game and perhaps provides a monomaniacal focus on a particular type of power that could leave the character vulnerable to other types of power .
If the character must be obsessed , remember that obsession lacks strength outside of a very narrow range .
Motivations need not be to gain power , of course , but be wary of the character whose motivation is “ to be as effective at defending the innocent as possible ” , or some other variation on the “ my motivation is just an excuse to min-max ” .
Where ’s the depth in a concept like that ?
Motivations should give characters reasons to do things that other characters would n’t do , or even want to do ; they should not give characters excuses to abuse the game mechanics .
In short , if character optimization means “ maxing out combat effectiveness by playing stats against each other to best mathematical effect ” , you do n’t belong in a roleplaying oriented campaign .
Instead , you belong in a tactical wargame , World of Warcraft , or a straight - up dungeon crawl campaign .
Maybe the megadungeon is for you — which is fine , as long as you do n’t bring that style of gaming to a more roleplaying oriented campaign where it can become disruptive .
That does n’t mean you ca n’t do some limited amount of combat optimization , of course .
It ’s entirely possible that a character may be obsessed with achieving perfect skill with a longsword ( for instance ) , but that obsession had to come from somewhere , some preëxisting motivation that drove him to such an obsession ( maybe he got beat up a lot in school ? ) , and that prior motivation should serve to monkeywrench the monomaniacal obsession with improving skill with the longsword from time to time ( such as by causing him to take risks to protect someone from bullies — risks that might endanger his ability to continue improving his skill with the blade later , such as pitting him against his mentor ) .
More iconveniently for the would - be min-maxer , a monomaniacal obsession with improving skill with a longword wo n’t help much against rust monsters , or in situations where the character does n’t have a weapon at hand .
The very obvious key is that optimizations should be pursued for roleplaying reasons in a roleplaying oriented campaign .
Campaign - breaking metagaming optimizations just do n’t fit into a roleplaying oriented campaign at all , and if you think a player is straying too far in that direction , you should consider whether he or she is really cut out for this campaign in the first place .
That ’s not to say that a player has to have a concept 100 % fleshed out from day one , though .
Sometimes , some nuances of character concept do n’t become apparent even to the character ’s player until after it has been played for a while .
Maybe when a character reaches third level its player comes to you , as the GM , with the idea that maybe the character ’s underlying motivation for everything is really a sociopathic need for power over others .
Fine .
Just remember to ask what kind of power it is , and how that sociopathic need for power over others fits into the concept , and so on .
There needs to be a believable characterization beneath that statement , or you ’ll end up with just another excuse for min-maxing , which wo n’t fit into a roleplaying oriented campaign at all .
In a worst - case scenario , you should be able to determine what kind of player you ’re dealing with after half a dozen game sessions or so ; best - case , the player will be perfectly honest both with you and with himself or herself before character creation even begins .
If it takes you six game sessions to figure out that a particular player is a min-maxing combat optimizer who tries to make campaign - breaking characters , there are ways to deal with it .
Many apparent blessings turn out to be curses ; sometimes a reputation for prowess turns out to be notoriety as people spread rumors about your temper ; if you ’re too good , brand spanking new adventurer NPCs may seek you out to duel and , when they die in droves , you may find yourself unwelcome in basically every pocket of civilization , and perhaps even sought by the law as a murderer .
In my experience , the best way to deal with disruptive munchkin players in a roleplaying oriented campaign is often to cultivate a GMing style where achieving too much combat power too quickly , without attendant weaknesses , and out of pace with the rest of the group , ends up having increasingly intolerable roleplaying consequences .
You do n’t have to cater to everyone .
Do n’t try to please the players who do n’t please you .
If you spend all your time bending over backward for disruptive munchkins as well as players who actually engage themselves in the spirit of a good roleplaying oriented campaign , you ’ll probably eventually find yourself wearying of GMing that campaign pretty quickly .
Would you rather burn out on GMing because of a disruptive munchkin , or just leave the munchkin thinking you ’re not a very good GM so that he or she will avoid your games to play with some other GM ?
. . . and if you ’re very , very lucky , the experience might actually teach the munchkin something , and make a great roleplayer out of a formerly disruptive , min-maxing player .
I ’ve seen it happen .
Mostly , though , on the rare occasion I ’ve ended up with a munchkin in the group , he ( I ’ve never had a female munchkin ) would get sick of a campaign in which dump- statting and powergaming backfire a lot .
The player would eventually get his character killed , or develop other interests , or otherwise get out of the campaign and leave us to enjoy the roleplaying experience that was left behind .
It should go without saying that the next time I started a roleplaying campaign he just would n’t be invited .
' GMA ' At Your House : Chris and Sam Visit Virginia To Talk About Retirement Ashland , Va. , may be idyllic , but the bevy of boomers struggle financially .
April 27 , 2009 --
The residents of Ashland , Va. , see their community as a sort of Mayberry .
It 's a place where everyone knows your name and people still leave their homes unlocked .
Ashland seems like a fictional town from canceled television shows past ; and this area and its 6,000 residents are dealing with very real problems .
The scenic community is full of baby boomers , some of whom have watched their dreams of retirement evaporate with the drop of the stock market .
And these residents are n't alone .
More than half of Americans in a recent poll said they expect to delay retirement as a result of the difficult economic climate ahead .
Click here to read about some behind - the - scenes adventures the anchors have had during the " GMA " At Your House series .
Meet the Pauls
Today the Pauls , like so many of their neighbors , are watching their income fall -- drastically .
Annette is a 50 - year - old pharmacist , and 53 - year - old Lee is a loan officer for Countrywide .
The mortgage broker has seen his income drop by two - thirds in the last year .
Combine that with the fact the Pauls have lost 45 percent of the money in their 401 ( k ) account , and it makes for a nervous financial situation .
Annette 's income , which used to serve as extra money for the household , has become the primary financial source .
That means her dream of retiring at 55 is no longer is realistic .
Tackling Financial Troubles
She said the childless couple , should not sit and wait for things to turn around but rather take action now .
Hobson suggested selling the family 's vacation home if the Pauls believe there is a decent price to be had .
Depending on the amount of equity in the house , it could help shore up their retirement immediately with the cash your take away .
If they are paying a mortgage on the vacation home and sell it , they can redirect those dollars to your monthly retirement savings , Hobson said .
Workplace contributor Tory Johnson had some additional advice .
She said Lee should consider using his mortgage broker skills and look into to a career as a financial adviser .
She also suggested a nontraditional job .
Since the family has four dogs , it 's clear they love pets , so Johnson said they could offer dog walking and boarding services to Ashland residents .
Johnson also said Annette could get a second pharmacy job if she already were n't already working full - time .
The one thing Johnson said the Pauls should n't do is bury their heads and assume things will work out on their own .
They do n't have to live every day in panic , but it 's essential to have a plan B and a strategy to get through this period .
Choosing Between Wedding and Retirement
Like the Pauls , Ashland residents Ted and Sue Peyron has seen their 401 ( k ) take a huge hit .
The Peyrons , who live across the street from the Pauls , have one 25 - year - old daughter and are currently having trouble paying for her wedding .
Sue has had to take a job as a teacher for additional funds and lumber broker Ted has watched his industry sink by 60 percent as fewer homes are built .
His salary also has decreased .
Recently the couple bought their home and put tens of thousands renovating it .
Now the Peyrons worry they might not be able to stay , though Ted said he 'll do " whatever it takes . "
Hobson said given the pair 's financial stresses , it is unreasonable for them to consider helping their daughter pay for her wedding .
She said they would be much better off advising her to scale back the wedding or come up with alternative financing that ideally will not put her and her husband - to - be in debt .
Any dollars that they planned to contribute to the wedding would be better spent invested in their retirement account .
Johnson agreed .
She suggested Ted use his lumber and construction know - how to work as a part - time or full time associate or manager at Lowe 's or Home Depot since more people are turning to do - it - yourself home projects .
She added Sue should think about tutoring to make extra cash .
Meet the Woods
But now they realize she may have to go back to work .
Hobson said if Wood 's wife is able to get a job again as an X - ray technician , she might want to think about going back to work — if only part time or for a few years .
To the extent that they can bank her salary , those monthly contributions will go a long way toward helping to shore up their retirement savings , she said .
Johnson said Wood 's wife 's skills are their single best option right now .
She should go back to work because experienced X - ray technicians are in demand .
She added that Wood should take a cue from his co-workers and moonlight too to bring in some entrepreneurial cash .
Ninety - five percent of electricity customers would like to have detailed data about when and how they use power , but just 20 percent are willing to pay for real - time information , according to a new survey by software giant Oracle Corp .
Indeed , 14 percent of ratepayers give their utility an " A " for providing " detailed , useful " information about electricity consumption , according to the survey of 604 U.S. consumers and 200 utility managers .
Sixteen percent of the utility employees give their companies the same grade .
The findings highlight formidable challenges and opportunities facing public - and private - sector efforts to curb energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions .
The economic stimulus package President Obama signed into law last month includes $ 11 billion to build a bigger and more efficient electricity grid , with " smart " meters that help consumers track and manage their energy use .
Oracle executives , who released the survey at an energy conference in Washington , said the time is nigh for utilities to implement smart - grid technologies and educate consumers on the benefits of reducing peak electricity demand .
" Consumers , if they have more information ... they start changing their behavior -- not only about what types of appliances they buy but when they use energy , " Oracle President Charles Phillips Jr. told energy executives .
With billions more dollars earmarked in the stimulus for renewable energy generation projects and plug - in electric vehicles on their way to market , Phillips and other industry players said the grid needs more capacity .
Consumers can help free up space by managing their energy use more efficiently , and utilities can manage the influx of user data by implementing standards - based technologies .
Contending that what gets measured gets reduced , Google Inc. 's philanthropic arm is developing free software aimed at helping residential electricity customers track power use .
Google.org 's PowerMeter , which could be downloaded free onto laptops , cellular phones and other portable electronic devices , will show consumers their electricity consumption in near real - time , Google 's climate and energy initiatives director Dan Reicher told conference attendees .
Homeowners will need their own smart - meter hardware or other in - home devices to communicate with the iGoogle gadget , which would show the peaks and valleys of energy use , Reicher explained in an interview .
" It 's an open protocol , which means software programers can do all sorts of things with the PowerMeter gadget , " Reicher added .
" We 'll start with helping people monitor their home energy use , but there may be someone who decides to write an application that helps them figure out what the incentives are for making efficiency changes in their homes of changing the mix of energy that comes in . "
Reicher said Google is testing its PowerMeter technology but declined to say when it will be available to the public .
Copyright 2009 E&E Publishing .
All Rights Reserved .
Short version : if you ’re interested in learning what it takes to learn packaging , mark Thursday in your calendar .
From now on Thursday is Packaging Training Day .
Based on our experience with initiatives like the MOTU Q&A Sessions , the Ubuntu Developer Week and Ubuntu Open Week , the Ubuntu Developer Community is offering the following training effort starting in April :
one 1 - hour session every week
short demo of packaging techniques
rest of the hour : ask all the questions you like
in #ubuntu - classroom on irc.freenode.net
with translators in # ubuntu - classroom - {de , es , it , fr , …} if you ’re not sure enough asking your questions in English yet
We rotate session times to make sure we cover all timezones :
1st Thursday of the month , 6:00 UTC
2nd Thursday of the month , 12:00 UTC
3rd Thursday of the month , 18:00 UTC
4th Thursday of the month , 0:00 UTC
( 5th Thursday of the month , 6:00 UTC )
So for April we ’re very proud to announce the following sessions :
2nd April , 06:00 UTC : Daniel Holbach , Fixing an Ubuntu bug
9th April , 12:00 UTC : James Westby , bzr builddeb – in -15 - minutes
16th April , 18:00 UTC : Didier Roche , How - to update a package
23rd April , 00:00 UTC : Daniel T Chen , Package testing : piuparts and VMs
30th April , 06:00 UTC : Daniel Holbach , Getting Started with Ubuntu Development
Do you want to give a session ?
Do you have questions ?
Would you like to request a session ?
Would you just like to hang out ?
Do you want to help out with translations ?
Header over to Packaging / Training and add yourself .
This is an effort by the Ubuntu Developer Community , if you can do something to improve it and help others to get the most out of it , help out .
This is going to be what we make of it .
Get involved now !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
My first ever linkbaited , numerical list blog posting .
I feel so deliciously slutty .
Paul Graham looks at what large organizations do to people an makes and analogy with the animals he saw in the wild in Kenya .
Favourite bit :
Having seen that happen so many times is one of the things that convinces me that working for oneself , or at least for a small group , is the natural way for programmers to live .
Founders arriving at Y Combinator often have the downtrodden air of refugees .
Three months later they ’re transformed : they have so much more confidence that they seem as if they ’ve grown several inches taller . [ 4 ]
Strange as this sounds , they seem both more worried and happier at the same time .
Which is exactly how I ’d describe the way lions seem in the wild .
5 Not an Employee
A website dedicated to not being an employee
Favourite Bit :
The Sticker they made “ Expeditus A Dominus ”
4 Steve Pavlina Outlines 10 Reasons You Should Never Get a Job
A fabulous riff on why jobs are not actually more secure than self - employment / having a business & why the joys of slavery quickly pale .
Favourite Bit :
“ When you want to increase your income , do you have to sit up and beg your master for more money ?
Does it feel good to be thrown some extra Scooby Snacks now and then ? ”
3 Your Life as Pornography by Ran Prieur
A totally totally brilliant spoof / story by Ran Prieur of the Joys ( ! ) of employment and what motivates us to do it .
Favourite Bit
He thought of the woman , her hot irresistible waiting body .
“ Uh , please Master , I beg you to let me be your slave … ”
“ Slave ?
We have no slaves !
These are enlightened times . ”
He sighed with relief .
Perhaps the ordeal would not be so bad .
“ Then what shall I be , Master ? ”
“ You shall be my team member ! ”
“ Do what to your member ? ”
“ Beg !
Beg me for it ! ”
“ Please , great Master , let me team your member . ”
“ Abase yourself !
Convince me you are qualified ! ”
“ Sir , I feel I am uniquely qualified to apply this position on your member .
I am experienced in several very similar member positions , with other teams … ”
Thoreau was , like Whitman , Kerouac and Kesey , that uniquely American flavour of sage .
In Walden he wrote one of the great books about dropping out .
This essay is a look at a more natural kind of life – one where we are guided by an inner compass rather than being prodded and pulled by outside events .
Favourite bits :
To have done anything by which you earned money merely is to have been truly idle or worse .
If the laborer gets no more than the wages which his employer pays him , he is cheated … .
The community has no bribe that will tempt a wise man .
You may raise money enough to tunnel a mountain , but you cannot raise money enough to hire a man who is minding his own business … .
Perhaps I am more than usually jealous with respect to my freedom .
Need I say any more ?
Favourite bit :
You are not your fuckin Khakis .
The above are why my ( equal ! ) partners and I at Fizzy do not hire people and we make an effort to work with partners who do not hire people either .
Personal sovereignty baby … second only to love on the priority list .
A Southern California woman said Wednesday that her late father was the infamous Zodiac killer who terrorized the San Francisco Bay area four decades ago .
San Francisco homicide investigators said they will check into the information from Deborah Perez , who said her father , Guy Ward Hendrickson , killed at least two of the known victims 40 years ago .
Sgt. Lyn Tomioka said the investigation into the 1969 death of San Francisco taxi driver Paul Lee Stine related to the Zodiac killer is ongoing .
During a San Francisco news conference Wednesday , Perez , of Corona , said she has given police what she believes are Stine ’s eyeglasses and letters she wrote -- some to a newspaper -- on her father ’s behalf about the crimes .
Advertisement
Perez alleges that she was a naive 7 - year - old daughter tagging along with her father during the killings .
“ He told me he was sick and all I wanted to do was help my dad , ” Perez said .
“ He kept telling me he was sick and he killed many , many people .
“ I had no idea . ”
The self - described Zodiac killer is blamed for at least five slayings in 1968 and 1969 .
He was never caught .
Advertisement
Three killings occurred in Vallejo .
Teenagers David Farraday and Betty Lou Jensen were shot to death in December 1968 .
Darlene Ferrin , 22 , was shot and killed seven months later at Blue Rock Springs Golf Club .
Her companion , Michael Mageau , 19 , survived .
Perez said Wednesday that she was with her father when he killed Ferrin and then Stine in San Francisco .
“ My father grabs his gun , goes to the passenger side and I hear shots , I hear moans , I hear screams , ” Perez recalled .
“ We leave and we ’re pulled over by police and my father takes the gun and puts it into a brown paper bag and sticks it into the back of my pants and says ‘ I need you to not move .
Do n’t move .
The police will not understand if they find this gun . ’ ”
The green , scaly Pleo – a robotic dinosaur – has taken its last breath as its maker Ugobe filed for bankruptcy Monday .
But the Pleo's death is just the beginning of a tough battle for the fledgling U.S. consumer robotics industry 's survival .
Pleo joins at least three other consumer robots that have been shelved this year .
Robot makers have been hit by a double whammy :
A recession - inflicted downturn in consumer spending and a lack of mainstream acceptance of robots by American consumers .
Those factors combined put the industry in a zone of pain .
" This situation is truly historical and unprecedented , " says Robert Oschler , who runs the robot - enthusiast site Robots Rule .
" We have a brand new high - tech market in consumer robots that was finally poised to take off broadly done in by a socioeconomic event , " he says .
Consumer robots fall into two broad categories : Toys ( like the Pleo or the popular WowWee Robosapien ) and practical , utilitarian robots ( like the iRobot Roomba vacuum cleaner or telepresence robots ConnectR and Spykee ) .
For now , the robotics toy market is near death , says Faysal Sohail , managing director of CMEA Ventures , which has invested in a few robotics startups .
" Anything that feels like a toy and does not provide any real value proposition beyond entertainment is getting cut dramatically by consumers , " says Sohail .
" There 's just not enough consumer demand for it . "
Instead , says Sohail , robot makers that offer more practical products will have a better shot at success .
But there 's a hitch there too .
Although robots have played starring roles in popular culture ( think R2D2 and Wall - E ) , mainstream U.S. consumers are not yet entirely comfortable buying and using robots , compared to their peers in Japan .
Most users see robots as less practical or utilitarian objects and more as exotic tech creatures .
" Japanese consumers are a lot more comfortable with having robots around and integrating them into their lives , " says Sohail .
" And they are willing to put in that extra effort to make these robots work for them better , which is not what we have seen in the U.S. "
Take iRobot 's Roomba robotic vaccum cleaner .
The company has sold more than 3 million of its most successful consumer Roomba robot to date .
But that 's a small percentage of the 10 million vacuum cleaners analysts estimate are sold in the country every year .
A big reason ?
Users do n't have the patience or the tolerance for a robotic vacumm cleaner that is n't entirely trouble - free .
Worse , robots targeted at consumers currently fall short , both in terms of the promises they make and the value they deliver , Sohail says .
" Our consumers are very finicky , " says Sohail .
" You have to hit a lot of things right in terms of technology , price point and usability before the product can go beyond just early adopters and into the mainstream . "
So far , consumer robotics companies have failed to deliver on that trifecta .
The Ugobe Pleo was launched for $ 350 two years ago and now retails for $ 245 through Amazon .
Even with the price cut , that 's still a lot to pay for a pet that is not even alive , says Dan Kara , President of Robotics Trends , a consultancy firm focusing on the robotics industry .
" Sony , Ugobe , and others have jumped in too far into a marketplace that does n't exist and into an industry that is very cutthroat , " says Kara .
" The amount that they want consumers to pay and the features that they are offering ultimately do n't match up . "
As for the telepresence robots ConnectR and Spyball , they are products that could be resurrected with a revival in the economy , he says .
Amy Weltman , Vice President of Marketing for WowWee , hints that Spyball could definitely make a comeback .
" It is n’t unusual for a company to announce a product and then decide to delay it based on the fact that it is n’t the right product to introduce at that time , " she says .
As for whether U.S. consumers will have the appetite for robots , Weltman remains confident .
" Absolutely , " she says .
Oschler is similarly optimistic .
" If we go to hoarding guns and gold all bets are off , " says Oschler .
" But my firm belief is that it wo n't happen , but this period of pain will last for some time . "
For robot makers targeting consumers , the next two years will pose the ultimate test of survival .
Photo : ( Baboon / Flickr )
Spaceflight Now +
Subscribe to Spaceflight Now Plus for access to our extensive video collections !
How do I sign up ?
Video archive
" Chandra 's Universe "
NASA 's Chandra X-ray Observatory is providing new insights into the frontier of X - ray astronomy .
Play
Station 's new toilet
Space station commander Mike Fincke shows the new U.S. toilet installed aboard the complex .
The astronauts are preparing the station for larger crews beginning in 2009 .
Play
The Phoenix mission
This video provides a recap of the Mars lander Phoenix and the spacecraft 's mission to the frozen northern plains of the Red Planet to dig up samples of the soil and water ice .
Play
" Debrief : Apollo 8 "
This is the story of NASA 's first journey in orbit around the Moon with comments on the significance of the Apollo 8 flight by several prominent Americans .
Play
The Apollo 8 film report
This is the Manned Space Flight Film Report for the mission of Apollo 8 that orbited around the Moon on Christmas in 1968 .
Play
Next Mars rover delayed
Launch of NASA 's Mars Science Laboratory will be postponed from 2009 to 2011 due to hardware development delays .
Play
STS - 126 : Full coverage
More than 200 videos covering shuttle Endeavour 's STS - 126 mission to the space station are archived for viewing .
Play
Daily shuttle highlights
Daily highlights movies from recent space shuttle flights can be seen here .
Play
Become a subscriber
More video
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
New SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket tests its Cape Canaveral pad
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : January 12 , 2009
Engineers removed the first Falcon 9 rocket from its launch pad Monday , concluding the first round of pathfinder tests for the launcher and ground systems at the oceanfront complex .
Credit : SpaceX
The black - and - white rocket was lowered from Complex 40 Monday afternoon after spending two days atop the pad .
The Falcon 9 , which weighs more than 30,000 pounds empty , was raised vertically around midday Saturday for two days of fit checks .
The Falcon 9 was developed by Space Exploration Technologies Corp. , a budding aerospace company founded in 2002 by technology mogul Elon Musk .
" This entire process has helped us validate key interfaces and operations prior to executing our launch campaign with the vehicle in its final flight configuration , " Musk said .
More trials are scheduled over the next few days .
" We will be going vertical again later in the week to demonstrate operational responsiveness and to collect additional data from vehicle instrumentation , " said Brian Mosdell , SpaceX 's launch site director at Complex 40 .
" ( This is ) a huge milestone for the company , " said Max Vozoff , mission manager at SpaceX .
" It really is a wakeup call to everybody concerned , whether it's in Washington or in Florida or our competitors : that this is real and it's imminent . "
But engineers have a long road ahead before clearing the rocket is ready to head skyward this summer .
" It has some more paces to go through .
This rocket will come down , it will be disassembled , and then pieces will go back to either test sites or Hawthorne , get into final configuration for flight , and then be returned for the first flight sequence , " said Tim Buzza , vice president of launch operations .
SpaceX decided to go ahead with the hardware deliveries and fit checks to learn about the system in an environment free of launch pressures , Buzza said .
" Any engineered system has requirements that can only be recognized through actual assembly of real hardware , " Mosdell said .
The company has also long advertised the first Falcon 9 hardware deliveries would occur by the end of 2008 .
" All of the ( work ) was very close to how we will do it for final integration , even to the point where we sit it into the transporter - erector , engage it into the launch mounts and roll out , " Buzza said .
" The value was high , and when we come back and do it again it will go even smoother . "
Credit : SpaceX
Engineers have a list of observations from the flow to help improve the process in the future , Buzza said .
A team of 35 full - time employees at the Cape will now complete outfitting of Complex 40 to support a breadth of test and launch activities .
That work should be finished this spring .
" Now it 's more execution than design uncertainty , " Buzza said .
" We 're well positioned to see the entire site come together in the next couple of months . "
The company will build a large integration hangar on the south side of the pad .
The building will stretch 225 long and 75 feet wide and stand about 50 feet tall .
The Falcon 9 pathfinder was put together outdoors using temporary cranes .
Permanent cranes inside the hangar will be used to integrate future rockets .
" It was actually integrated on the hangar slab where we will do it for real , " Buzza said .
" We just do n't have the roof over it yet . "
That foundation includes rail tracks left over from the Titan program , which used Complex 40 for four decades ending in 2005 .
SpaceX is reusing the tracks for the Falcon 9 erector system .
Metal for the hangar structure is already at the Cape , and fabrication is expected to begin next week , according to Mosdell .
Credit : SpaceX
Engineers said the unusual integration method did not damage any components destined for flight .
" It 's made to sit outdoors , " said Chris Thompson , vice president of structures .
" We 're going to sit out in the elements , so the fairing is completely sealed and the tanks are completely sealed . "
Workers must also finish running propellant lines between the steel launch mount and propellant tanks .
Piping is nearly complete for the kerosene fuel system , but technicians still need to install plumbing for liquid oxygen .
That important milestone is required before the launch team can load propellant into the rocket .
" The very next step we would have taken after the vehicle goes erect is the fueling operation , " Mosdell said .
" So the completion of those fueling systems will be getting priority over the next couple of months . "
SpaceX will also deliver more rocket parts this spring for use on the booster 's maiden launch .
The first stage and parts of the engine assembly already at the Cape will be used on the first launch .
The interstage , second stage and payload fairing components will be used for qualification testing , Thompson said .
" Every piece of hardware on that vehicle is essentially a flight or qualification article that will be used to certify the vehicle for flight , " Thompson said .
The current rocket 's equipment is mostly destined for flight , " by weight or complexity , " Buzza said .
The past month 's round of assembly and tests stopped short of a full wet dress rehearsal .
That test is scheduled for late March , once more flight hardware arrives and engineers wrap up pad construction .
The wet dress rehearsal will simulate a real launch countdown and serve as an exercise for the rocket , ground systems , and a team of controllers stationed just outside the gates of Cape Canaveral Air Force Station .
Credit : SpaceX
The launch control center is now fully functional .
The facility was tied into the last Falcon 1 launch to relay data from a ground station on Ascension Island , Buzza said .
About 17 launch controllers and 20 support officials will occupy the facility during a countdown , Buzza said .
Also on tap is at least one brief test firing of all nine first stage engines .
Similar firings were conducted last year at the company 's Texas test site , but officials want to schedule another test at the launch site before the first mission .
SpaceX is also wrapping up final qualification testing on most of the Falcon 9's systems .
Engineers recently completed qualification tests on the Merlin engine slated for use on the rocket 's first and second stages .
" You will see a parallel effort between finishing qualification and processing towards flight , " Buzza said .
This weekend 's milestone came less than four weeks after rocket components began arriving at Cape Canaveral .
The first stage flight tank was delivered Dec. 16 after an overland journey from the company 's headquarters in Hawthorne , Calif .
The rocket 's nine Merlin first stage engines arrived Dec. 22 after a cross-country trip from SpaceX 's test site in McGregor , Texas .
The Falcon 9's second stage was trucked into Cape Canaveral Dec. 23 , and workers spent the holidays putting the rocket together .
SpaceX completed integration Dec. 30 .
The focus then turned to connecting pieces of the 49 - ton launch mount and the erector system .
Technicians attached the erector to the launch mount Wednesday and completed the first lift test the same day .
The Falcon 9 was mated to the erector Friday , a day before it was lifted vertical .
It takes about 30 minutes to erect and lower the booster with giant hydraulic pistons .
The entire process took about three hours from rollout to erection Saturday , officials said .
Credit : SpaceX
Buzza said the Falcon 9 is designed to be able to roll out and launch within an hour , and the system 's performance Saturday was " awfully good " for the first try .
" I am highly confident that we will achieve our goal of being able to go from the hangar to liftoff in under 60 minutes , which would be a big leap forward in capability compared with the days to weeks required of other launch vehicles , " Musk said .
The process went more smoothly than a similar procedure used by the company 's smaller Falcon 1 rocket .
" This unit is much larger and much harder to manage in terms of its weight and size , and it actually rolled out and pinned in with greater ease than the Falcon 1 unit , " Buzza said .
Lessons learned from Falcon 1 were applied to the Falcon 9's design and operations architecture .
" I certainly do n't hope to give the impression we 're overconfident , and that we 've solved everything on Falcon 1 and Falcon 9 will be a breeze , " Buzza said .
The Falcon 1 program is a stepping stone to the much larger Falcon 9 , and the smaller booster 's first success in September buoyed the company and its team of engineers .
" It 's nine times more propellant roughly , but it 's just bigger tanks , bigger pumps and bigger pipes , not so much that the process is different , " Buzza said .
Buzza admitted the Falcon 9 rocket is on a new scale for SpaceX .
The company will take its time to ensure the new launcher is ready to go when launch day arrives , Buzza said .
The rocket is scheduled for launch this summer on a demonstration mission for SpaceX , Buzza said .
Officials previously said they have contracted with a customer , possibly the U.S. government , for the Falcon 9's maiden voyage .
But Buzza remained tight - lipped about the identity of a potential payload Monday .
Subsequent missions are scheduled to launch payloads for commercial and government customers , including a series of 12 resupply missions to the international space station .
Those flights will use the company 's Dragon capsule to transport cargo to the complex beginning in 2010 .
Three Dragon demo missions are also on the books , beginning with the second Falcon 9 launch later this year .
An artist 's concept of the Dragon spacecraft in orbit .
Credit : SpaceX
SpaceX heralds the Falcon 9's simplicity and low cost as answers to the dwindling U.S. share of the commercial launch services market .
Both stages use the same engines and propellants .
Falcon 9 launches start at less than $ 37 million , less than half the price quoted by most medium - and heavy - lift commercial launch providers .
SpaceX plans incremental upgrades to increase the rocket 's capacity to compete with other large boosters , such as the Atlas 5 , Delta 4 and Proton families .
Atlas and Delta rockets are fielded by United Launch Alliance , a joint venture formed between Lockheed Martin Corp. and Boeing Co . But the venerable launchers are subsidized by Pentagon funding to make sure crucial military satellites have a ride to space .
Government requirements foster high fixed costs that drive many commercial customers to Russian and European launch options .
The ULA manifest is also mostly filled with launches for the U.S. military and NASA , leaving few openings for other customers .
" We have almost none of the international commercial launch market and that 's because of the way these vehicles have been developed , the way that they 're funded and the way the programs are sustained , " Vozoff said .
SpaceX is following a very different model .
Officials expect the rocket 's low cost will allow satellite operators to fly more missions .
" It clearly enables missions that would not otherwise be able to fly , " Vozoff said .
" It enables programs to fly more missions for the same amount of money . "
John Insprucker , the Falcon 9 product manager , formerly worked in the Air Force overseeing Titan , Delta and Atlas rocket programs .
The comparison is striking , he said .
" Changing a design can be measured , in the extreme , as taking hours at SpaceX and potentially years in the Air Force , " Insprucker said .
" SpaceX can control the pace and priorities of Falcon 9 development and can be more firmly in control of its destiny . "
Credit : SpaceX
AIG that is it .
Really it is it .
Even after watching Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke on 60 Minutes tonight , who I might add was eloquent , reserved , humble , I still say as a tax payer let them fail .
Even Chairman
Bernanke was hot under the collar by giving AIG money , but has to read headlines that they are giving themselves bonuses .
Fed Chairman Bernanke's 60 Minutes Interview , Part Two
The ' effin ' moxey of AIG is enough .
This company reminds me of Blago , it just wo n't do the right thing , or more importantly the controversy will never stop .
AIG has taken over 160B dollars of U.S. taxpayers dollars to keep this company propped up but has that moxey to pay out bonuses in the range of 450 M ?
President Obama this is where the rubber hits the road for U.S. taxpayers .
American International Group Inc. will pay $ 450 million in bonuses to employees in its financial products unit .
That division was at the heart of AIG 's collapse last fall , which compelled the U.S. government to provide $ 173.3 billion in aid to keep it running .
CEO Edward Liddy told Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner that the next payments to employees of the financial products unit are due on Sunday , and added “ quite frankly , AIG ’s hands are tied . ”
We are in the middle of a grand experiment .
Bernanke upped the ante today in his foolish quest to beat deflation .
Please consider the FOMC Press Release .
Information received since the Federal Open Market Committee met in January indicates that the economy continues to contract .
Job losses , declining equity and housing wealth , and tight credit conditions have weighed on consumer sentiment and spending .
Weaker sales prospects and difficulties in obtaining credit have led businesses to cut back on inventories and fixed investment .
U.S. exports have slumped as a number of major trading partners have also fallen into recession .
Although the near - term economic outlook is weak , the Committee anticipates that policy actions to stabilize financial markets and institutions , together with fiscal and monetary stimulus , will contribute to a gradual resumption of sustainable economic growth .
In light of increasing economic slack here and abroad , the Committee expects that inflation will remain subdued .
Moreover , the Committee sees some risk that inflation could persist for a time below rates that best foster economic growth and price stability in the longer term .
In these circumstances , the Federal Reserve will employ all available tools to promote economic recovery and to preserve price stability .
The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 1/4 percent and anticipates that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period .
To provide greater support to mortgage lending and housing markets , the Committee decided today to increase the size of the Federal Reserve ’s balance sheet further by purchasing up to an additional $ 750 billion of agency mortgage - backed securities , bringing its total purchases of these securities to up to $ 1.25 trillion this year , and to increase its purchases of agency debt this year by up to $ 100 billion to a total of up to $ 200 billion .
Moreover , to help improve conditions in private credit markets , the Committee decided to purchase up to $ 300 billion of longer - term Treasury securities over the next six months .
The Federal Reserve has launched the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility to facilitate the extension of credit to households and small businesses and anticipates that the range of eligible collateral for this facility is likely to be expanded to include other financial assets .
The Committee will continue to carefully monitor the size and composition of the Federal Reserve 's balance sheet in light of evolving financial and economic developments .
Voting for the FOMC monetary policy action were : Ben S. Bernanke , Chairman ; William C. Dudley , Vice Chairman ; Elizabeth A. Duke ; Charles L. Evans ; Donald L. Kohn ; Jeffrey M. Lacker ; Dennis P. Lockhart ; Daniel K. Tarullo ; Kevin M. Warsh ; and Janet L. Yellen .
Bernanke Carries Out Threat
Deflation great enough to bring the nominal interest rate close to zero poses special problems for the economy and for policy .
First , when the nominal interest rate has been reduced to zero , the real interest rate paid by borrowers equals the expected rate of deflation , however large that may be .
Because central banks conventionally conduct monetary policy by manipulating the short - term nominal interest rate , some observers have concluded that when that key rate stands at or near zero , the central bank has " run out of ammunition " -- that is , it no longer has the power to expand aggregate demand and hence economic activity .
It is true that once the policy rate has been driven down to zero , a central bank can no longer use its traditional means of stimulating aggregate demand and thus will be operating in less familiar territory .
Curing Deflation
Let me start with some general observations about monetary policy at the zero bound , sweeping under the rug for the moment some technical and operational issues .
As I have mentioned , some observers have concluded that when the central bank 's policy rate falls to zero -- its practical minimum -- monetary policy loses its ability to further stimulate aggregate demand and the economy .
At a broad conceptual level , and in my view in practice as well , this conclusion is clearly mistaken .
Indeed , under a fiat ( that is , paper ) money system , a government ( in practice , the central bank in cooperation with other agencies ) should always be able to generate increased nominal spending and inflation , even when the short - term nominal interest rate is at zero .
Like gold , U.S. dollars have value only to the extent that they are strictly limited in supply .
But the U.S. government has a technology , called a printing press ( or , today , its electronic equivalent ) , that allows it to produce as many U.S. dollars as it wishes at essentially no cost .
By increasing the number of U.S. dollars in circulation , or even by credibly threatening to do so , the U.S. government can also reduce the value of a dollar in terms of goods and services , which is equivalent to raising the prices in dollars of those goods and services .
We conclude that , under a paper - money system , a determined government can always generate higher spending and hence positive inflation .
So what then might the Fed do if its target interest rate , the overnight federal funds rate , fell to zero ?
One relatively straightforward extension of current procedures would be to try to stimulate spending by lowering rates further out along the Treasury term structure -- that is , rates on government bonds of longer maturities .
One approach , similar to an action taken in the past couple of years by the Bank of Japan , would be for the Fed to commit to holding the overnight rate at zero for some specified period .
Because long - term interest rates represent averages of current and expected future short - term rates , plus a term premium , a commitment to keep short - term rates at zero for some time -- if it were credible - - would induce a decline in longer - term rates .
A more direct method , which I personally prefer , would be for the Fed to begin announcing explicit ceilings for yields on longer - maturity Treasury debt ( say , bonds maturing within the next two years ) .
The Fed could enforce these interest - rate ceilings by committing to make unlimited purchases of securities up to two years from maturity at prices consistent with the targeted yields .
If this program were successful , not only would yields on medium - term Treasury securities fall , but ( because of links operating through expectations of future interest rates ) yields on longer - term public and private debt ( such as mortgages ) would likely fall as well .
A second policy option , complementary to operating in the markets for Treasury and agency debt , would be for the Fed to offer fixed - term loans to banks at low or zero interest , with a wide range of private assets ( including , among others , corporate bonds , commercial paper , bank loans , and mortgages ) deemed eligible as collateral .
Bernanke Has Failed
offer fixed - term loans to banks at low or zero interest , with a wide range of private assets as collateral .
Debt Deflation Confirmation
Buried in the details of yesterday ’s quarterly Fed Flow of Funds report is the collapse of the private credit market in Q4 2008 and attempts by the Federal Reserve and Treasury Department to compensate for the loss with government credit as the world 's largest lender of last resort .
click on chart for sharper image
Debt growth levels declined in all sectors except US Federal .
Household debt turned negative .
Buy gold and hold on to it
Gold 30 Minute Chart
Attitudes Key To Deflation
Deflation is a Benefit , Not a Curse
The End of Bretton Woods II
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Fully automated bisecting with " git bisect run "
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN .
net made this article — and everything that surrounds it — possible .
If you appreciate our content , please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible .
It 's a common developer practice to track down a bug by looking for the change that introduced it .
This is most efficiently done by performing a binary search between the last known working commit and the first known broken commit in the commit history .
git bisect is a feature of the Git version control system that helps developers do just that .
git bisect may also be well known by LWN readers for heated discussions on the Linux kernel mailing list about " asking " ( or " forcing " depending on the point of view ) users to find the bad commit when they report a regression .
But a little - known addition , git bisect run , can allow a developer to completely automate the process .
This can be very useful and may enable switching to interesting new debugging workflows .
At each step of the binary search , git bisect checks out the source code at the commit chosen by the search .
The user then has to test to see if the software is working or not .
If it is , the user performs a git bisect good , otherwise they do a git bisect bad , and the search proceeds accordingly .
This is different than the idea behind git bisect run , as it uses a script or a shell command to determine if the source code — which git bisect automatically checked out — is " good " or " bad " .
This idea was suggested by Bill Lear in March 2007 , and I implemented it shortly thereafter .
It was then released in Git 1.5.1 .
Technically , the script or command passed to git bisect run is run at each step of the bisection process , and its exit code is interpreted as " good " , if it 's 0 , or " bad " , otherwise ( except 125 and values greater than 127 , see the git bisect documentation for more information . )
One simple and yet useful way to take advantage of that is to use git bisect run to find which commit broke the build .
Some kernel developers like this very much .
Ingo Molnar wrote :
for example git-bisect was godsent .
I remember that years ago bisection of a bug was a very [ laborious ] task so that it was only used as a final , last - ditch approach for really nasty bugs .
Today we can [ autonomously ] bisect build bugs via a simple shell command around " git- bisect run " , without any human interaction !
For example , with a not too old Git ( version 1.5.2 or greater ) , bisecting a build bug in the Linux kernel may be just a matter of launching :
git bisect start linux - next / master v2.6.26 -rc8 git bisect run make kernel / fork . o
because the git bisect start command , when it is passed two ( or more ) revisions , here " linux - next / master " and " v2.6.26 -rc8 " , interprets the first one as " bad " and the other ones as " good " .
This works as follows : git bisect checks out the source code of a commit to be tested , then runs make kernel / fork .o . make will exit with code 0 if it builds , or with something else ( usually 2 ) otherwise .
This gets recorded as " good " or " bad " for the commit that was checked out , which will enable the binary search to continue by finding another commit to check out , then run make again , and so on , until the first " bad " commit in the history is found .
But to bisect regressions that manifest themselves on the running code , as opposed to build problems , it 's usually more complicated .
You probably have to write a test script that should be passed to git bisect run .
For example , a test script for an application built with make and printing on its standard output might look like this :
#!/bin/sh make || exit 125 # an exit code of 125 asks " git bisect " # to " skip " the current commit # run the application and check that it produces good output ./ my_app arg1 arg2 | grep ' my good output '
See this message from Junio Hamano , the Git maintainer , for explanations and a real world example of git bisect run used to find a regression in Git .
The git bisect documentation has some short examples too .
It 's even trickier for kernel hackers , because you have to reboot the computer each time you want to test a new kernel , but some kernel hackers suggest that it be used anyway if the problem is " reproducible , scriptable , and you have a second box " .
Ingo Molnar describes his bisection environment this way :
i have a fully automated bootup - hang bisection script .
It is based on " git - bisect run " .
I run the script , it builds and boots kernels fully automatically , and when the bootup fails ( the script notices that via the serial log , which it continuously watches - or via a timeout , if the system does not come up within 10 minutes it 's a " bad " kernel ) , the script raises my attention via a beep and i power cycle the test box .
( yeah , i should make use of a managed power outlet to 100 % automate it )
So it 's possible to use git bisect run on a wide array of applications .
This means that , for example , automatically in your nightly builds , you can find the commit that broke the build or the test suite , and then use information from it to send a flame warning email to the developer responsible for that .
But what may be more interesting is that fully automated bisection may enable new workflows .
On the git mailing list , Andreas Ericsson , a Git developer , reported :
To me , I 'd happily use any scm in the world , so long as it has git-bisect .
Otoh , I 'm a lazy bastard and love bisect so much that all our automated tests are focused around " git bisect run " .
This means bugs in software released to customers are few and far apart .
When we get one reported , we just create a new test that exposes it , fire up git - bisect and then go to lunch .
Quality costs , however .
We pay that bill by using a workflow that 's perhaps more convoluted than necessary .
So it requires a little more work to make sure that every commit is small and easily bisectable .
Then , to debug regressions , they follow these steps :
write , in the test suite , a test script that exposes the regression
use git bisect run to find the commit that introduced it
to find the commit that introduced it fix the bug that is often made obvious by the previous step
commit both the fix and the test script ( and if needed more tests )
This may seem more complicated than a traditional workflow .
But when asked about it , Andreas says :
I guess the real benefit is that " git bisect " makes the tests so immensely valuable , and so easy to write , that we do it gladly and quickly .
The value comes * now * from almost all test - cases instead of in some far - distant and obscure future .
So this kind of workflow is good to take advantage of test cases you write .
But what about global productivity ?
Four months after having said that he uses git bisect run , Andreas Ericsson wrote that git bisect " is well - nigh single - handedly responsible for reducing our average bugreport - to - fix time from 4 days to 6 hours " .
Now , after more than one year of using it , he gives the following details :
To give some hard figures , we used to have an average report - to - fix cycle of 142.6 hours ( according to our somewhat weird bug - tracker which just measures wall - clock time ) .
Since we moved to git , we 've lowered that to 16.2 hours .
Primarily because we can stay on top of the bugfixing now , and because everyone 's jockeying to get to fix bugs ( we 're quite proud of how lazy we are to let git find the bugs for us ) .
Each new release results in ~ 40 % fewer bugs ( almost certainly due to how we now feel about writing tests ) .
That 's a huge boost in code quality and productivity , and it earned me and my co-workers a rather nice bonus last year :)
So quality costs , but , when using the right tools and workflows , it can bring in a rather nice return on investment !
Due to the current global crisis and fluctuating prices , please contact us on 1800 88 33 23 for up to date pricing on all products .
We appreciate you , we value your business , and we know that together we will work through this unparalleled period .
Stay safe .
And please reach out to the team when we can assist .
CIA admits it destroyed 92 interrogation tapes RAW STORY
Published : Monday March 2 , 2009
Print This Email This
While it has been known for some time that the CIA had destroyed tapes of interrogations with terrorism suspects , Monday 's news that 92 videotapes had been destroyed by the agency was still shocking .
The CIA acknowledged the number of tape erasures in a letter filed by government lawyers in New York .
The letter was filed in response to an ongoing lawsuit from the the American Civil Liberties Union that is seeking more details of terror interrogation programs .
The ACLU immediately called for the judge to issue a " prompt finding of contempt " against the CIA .
Amrit Singh , an attorney with the ACLU and counsel on the case said to Raw Story ,  The large number of video tapes destroyed confirms that this was a systemic attempt to evade court orders . 
Singh added , " It s about time , now that the court knows 92 tapes have been destroyed , that it hold the CIA accountable for the destruction of the tapes . "
The letter was submitted when the court 's stay of consideration of the ACLU 's contempt motion expired on Feb. 28 .
John Durham , the acting United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , who is conducting the criminal investigation into the destruction of any interrogation tapes , did not request an additional stay .
According to the letter , which can be viewed here , the CIA is now gathering information in response to the Courts order to provide a list identifying and describing each of the destroyed records , as well as transcripts or summaries from any of the destroyed records and the names of any witnesses who may have viewed the videotapes before their destruction .
The CIA requested that it be given until March 6 to provide the court with a timeline for its response to the requested information .
In December 2007 , the ACLU filed a motion to hold the CIA in contempt for its destruction of videotapes in violation of a court order requiring the agency to produce or identify all the requested records .
That motion is still pending , according to a release from the ACLU .
The ACLU contends that the tapes should have been identified and processed in response to its FOIA request for information on the treatment and interrogation of detainees in U.S. custody .
The tapes became a contentious issue in the trial of Sept. 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui , after prosecutors initially claimed no such recordings existed , then acknowledged two videotapes and one audiotape had been made .
This latest news of CIA tape erasures dovetails into Senate plans to hold a review of the agency 's detention and interrogation program .
The Senate Intelligence Committee plans to investigate whether the steps taken by the CIA to detain and interrogate terrorism suspects were properly authorized .
With AP .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Civiballs
A great physics puzzle game with 30 levels .
Cut chains and use cannons to get all of the colored balls into the correct vases .
cairo-dock
cairo - dock -o
Note
I was recently looking for an Avant Window Navigator replacement and tried out most of the docks out there .
And then i saw that Cairo Dock , which was n't near one of the best has a new version only downloadable on it's website ( with .deb files for Ubuntu too ) and after trying it , i was amazed .
Download it from here ( download both Cairo Dock and Plugins ! ) .
You can run the new Cairo Dock in two ways : using OpenGL or Cairo .
You will be asked when launching : but if you want to start it by default in OpenGL mode , use this : or use -c for Cairo , though it 's best to run it in OpenGL to use all the effects .
The configuration panel looks like the one used in Compiz ( Compiz - Config Settings Manager ) and everything is customizable :
It also comes with a lot of themes who 's every aspect is customizable , including applets , effects , system tools and so on .
Here is a video with some themes and effects :
If you 're into eye - candy , the new Cairo Dock is a must for you ! : you obvsiously need Compiz enabled for this to work !
3M Co. said it is racing to meet demand for it N95 respiratory masks amid surging demand brought on by the outbreak of swine flu .
Spokeswoman Jacqueline Berry said the masks are now on back order -- meaning the Minnesota - based company does n't have enough of them on hand to ship to all the customers who want them .
" We 've significantly increased production and we are working hard to meet the demand , " she said .
Ms. Berry said 3 M has ramped up production at facilities in all of its regions , including the U.S. , Latin America , Europe and Asia / Pacific .
She said the company had added shifts and new production lines to increase output , but she declined to quantify the increase or say how many masks the company normally makes .
-- Joe Barrett
China usually criticises the annual Pentagon report Beijing has reacted angrily to a Pentagon report on China 's military power , which claimed it was altering the military balance in Asia .
A foreign ministry spokesman called it a " gross distortion of the facts " , and urged an end to " Cold War thinking " .
In its annual report to Congress , the Pentagon said China was developing " disruptive " technologies for nuclear , space and cyber warfare .
It could be used to enforce claims over disputed territories , the report said .
Beijing was again criticised for a lack of transparency in reporting military spending and security policy .
" This report issued by the US side continues to play up the fallacy of China 's military threat , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told journalists .
REYNOLDS ' CHINA
Is there enough room for two military powers off the coast of China ?
Read James ' thoughts in full
He said Beijing had complained to Washington about it , and urged the US to " drop the Cold War thinking ... to prevent further damage to the relationship between the two countries and two armies " .
Tensions were heightened earlier this month after a confrontation between US and Chinese ships in China 's exclusive economic zone south of Hainan , during which China accused the US of spying .
Projecting power ?
The Pentagon reported that China was successfully managing to expand its arsenal of sophisticated weaponry , even though Beijing 's ability to sustain military power at a distance remains limited .
Chinese " armed forces continue to develop and field disruptive military technologies " , including " nuclear , space , and cyber warfare " .
Much uncertainty surrounds
China 's future course , particularly regarding how its expanding military power might be used
Pentagon report
Some of these developments help China to participate in international peacekeeping , humanitarian and counter - piracy missions , the report acknowledged .
But they could also allow China to " project power to ensure access to resources or enforce claims to disputed territories , " it said .
The Pentagon analysis said China was developing weapons that would disable its enemies ' space technology such as satellites , boosting its electromagnetic warfare and cyber - warfare capabilities and continuing to modernise its nuclear arsenal .
US DEPT OF DEFENSE REPORT
Military power of the People 's Republic of China [ 18.4 MB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
It also noted a build - up of short - range missiles opposite Taiwan , despite a significant reduction in tension between the two in recent months .
And while the report also welcomed the rise of a peaceful , stable and prosperous China , it added : " Much uncertainty surrounds China 's future course , particularly regarding how its expanding military power might be used . "
The report estimated China 's military spending in 2008 was roughly double that of a decade ago .
Beijing insists its increased military spending is purely for defensive purposes and is still small in comparison with that of the US .
China has repeatedly said that the Pentagon 's annual report on its military power unfairly portrays China as a military threat when it is committed to a " peaceful rise " as its economic power grows .
China 's armed forces are undoubtedly undergoing a dramatic transformation from a poorly - equipped peasant army to an increasingly sophisticated modern military , the BBC 's defence and security correspondent Rob Watson says .
But its level of training and co-ordination as well as actual war fighting capability is still in doubt , he adds .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In " Alec in Huluwood , " Hulu.com 's first - ever Super Bowl TV spot , Alec Baldwin describes how the streaming video site , a joint venture between NBC Universal and News Corp. , will allow television to fully , finally succeed in turning our brains to mush .
It 's debatable , of course , whether online episodes of " Family Guy " and " Colbert " rot our crania more , or faster , than quick - hit clips of dramatic chipmunks and skateboarding cats .
But this much is clear :
The two kinds of video owe their success to two very different demographic ...
Comics comics comics [ Feb. 1st , 2009 | 03:15 pm ] J. Jacques
So I do n't know how many ( if any ) of you guys keep up with business developments in syndicated and print comics , but basically they are quite possibly FUCKED at this point .
Newspapers are cutting comics from their publications .
Comics distributors are tightening their belts , meaning less opportunity for indie comics to get distributed .
Essentially the ONLY PART OF COMICS that has not been significantly impacted by the economic downturn ( * knock on wood * ) is us webcomics folks .
And so a lot of now - disenfranchised syndicate and print comics guys are looking for ways to monetize their work online .
Which is great !
Good for them !
Except many of them are either dismissive of the webcomics business model as a whole , or too lazy / frightened to try and do it themselves , or have misguided expectations of how comics should make money on the internet .
Neil Swaab has a blog post that really encapsulates every problem with syndicated cartoonists ' attitude towards the web .
Let 's break it down , shall we ?
" I know there are plenty of web comic artists who are able to subsist on the income they make from their website , but they are n't making money from their comics ; they 're making money from merchandise .
Not to belittle web - only comic artists , but when their income is derived from t- shirts , it makes them salesmen first , artists second . "
Now this is a very contentious ( you might even say contemptuous ) statement , and it is one that Mr. Swaab has since apologized for making ( it is actually a really nice , heartfelt explanation and increased my respect of the dude immensely , check it out here on Fleen ) but the real problem is that many print cartoonists honestly think this way about webcomics .
Not only does it reek of sour grapes , it is dismissive of a business model that arguably works better than any other yet found for comics on the internet .
As Gary explains in more detail , comics have ALWAYS derived significant portions of their income from merchandising .
Saying webcartoonists are t- shirt hucksters is like saying Charles Schultz was an insurance salesman because Snoopy is on the Met Life blimp .
" not every comic artist wants to be a t - shirt salesperson "
You do n't HAVE to be in order to make money off of t- shirts .
Most of us these days farm out our distribution to third parties , and I see no reason why you could n't farm out your design or merchandising to one as well .
Yes , it 's another middle man to deal with , but it 's still a vast difference from the massive entrenched corporate structure you have to deal with in print or syndication .
Do n't wanna sell t- shirts ?
Pay someone else to do it for you .
If you 've got the audience ( and that , really , is the key ) you 'll still turn a profit .
Addendum : it has been pointed out , and correctly , by many folks in the comments that the business model does not solely revolve around t- shirts either .
You can sell all SORTS of stuff - books , original art , peripheral content , mittens with penises for thumbs , WHATEVER YOUR AUDIENCE IS WILLING TO BUY !
And if you do n't feel like designing or shipping it , you can find someone else who does .
" the t- shirt sales method is unacceptable for the reasons that an artist is not intrinsically making money off his or her comic , but is instead making money off merchandise sales and using the comic as a form of advertising for their merchandise . "
I do n't know what country accepts BULLSHIT ARTISTIC CREDIBILITY DOLLARS as valid currency but I 'm sure glad I do n't live there !
Money is money .
" Some might suggest allowing advertising on one 's website .
If it worked , that would be great , but the ad market has pretty much gone belly up , so while in theory it 's wonderful , in practice it does n't hold water . "
Internet advertising is and always has been a function of the amount of traffic your website generates .
Yeah , the ad market has taken a pretty steep dive in 2009 , but I 'm still able to cover my server bill and office expenses with it , so it remains a significant part of my income .
It 's too soon to just write it off .
" Personally , I see three viable options : "
okay let 's hear 'em !
Option one : a subscription - based model .
Comic artists will offer their new weekly comics for free , but charge for admission into their archives .
This is a perfectly acceptable model , but will have to jump over the huge hurdle of getting an Internet user to pay for something that they were used to getting for free .
And with so many other comics to choose from and attention spans being what they are nowadays , it seems difficult to imagine enough readers going along with it .
This also could only work for comic artists who have built up enough of an audience or reputation that people would be willing to pay to visit their archives .
Newer artists would have no hope in succeeding at this until they built up a large following .
Still , if enough artists decided to lock up their archives at the same time so readers had no choice but to subscribe , and the technology existed to prevent illegal copying and distributing on the Web , this could be a very wonderful solution .
Ted Rall is a big fan of this idea too , but unfortunately it is completely unworkable and unrealistic .
Here 's why :
First of all , comics on the web are free .
They always will be .
The cat is n't out of the bag on this one , it 's out of the bag , out the window , down the street , and up a tree mauling a bluejay .
No matter how many pay - per - view comics are online , there will always be some totally free ones , and those will always outperform the non-free ones because people expect the internet to be free .
If " the technology existed to prevent illegal copying and distributing on the web " we would be living IN MAGICAL FAIRY PONY FANTASY LAND .
Maybe that 's also where those BULLSHIT ARTISTIC CREDIBILITY DOLLARS are legal tender !
The short history of comics on the web has shown us that locking primary content ( ie , comic archives ) beyond a pay barrier just does n't work as well as keeping it open and free .
Bonus content like Achewood 's AssetBar program may indeed be a viable income stream , but that 's not what he 's talking about here .
He 's talking about some no - doubt lovely fantasy where everything is locked behind a barrier and for some reason people are willing to pay for it .
Ain't. Gonna .
Happen .
Option two : interactivity .
I could see the next wave of comics having more of a personal interaction with the readership by having readers sponsor them .
Readers could pay money to have themselves drawn into the comics or in some way contribute to the comic itself in a capacity that allows them to get something extra from it through their funding .
This could work very well for some artists but for a lot of others -- including myself -- this would be the antithesis of what they would be hoping to get out of their comic .
The thrill of doing a comic is being able to have one 's own voice and polluting it by offering it up to the masses to do with it what they will seems just plain awful .
Still , for a certain type of artist , I could see the appeal and sustainability .
Readers already sponsor us , by purchasing our merchandise , clicking on our links , and telling their friends about the comic .
This seems like an idea that COULD generate income , but I 'm not really seeing anyone making a living off of it .
Better to sell signed prints , or custom artwork ( two things people are already doing successfully ) .
I love how he simultaneously proposes this idea and then holds his nose as if someone had shat in his soup .
" OH I WOULD NEVER DEIGN TO DO SOMETHING SO ... SO ... PEDESTRIAN , BUT SOME OTHER HEARTLESS CHURL MIGHT "
Option three : donations .
This is what I see as the most viable option for the time being .
Comic strip artists become the new PBS of the Internet , having monthly donation drives to support their comic .
An artist has a certain target they need to hit in a given month in order to keep making comics .
Say , for instance , as an artist , you decided you needed to make $ 1,000 a month off of your comic to keep making it .
At the beginning of every month , you could host a donation drive to reach that target number .
If you got to it , you 'd be able to do comics for another month .
If not , you 'd have to quit soon .
Your strip would exist based on its ability to stay popular and continue its quality .
Although having to beg is never fun , I like this concept for the reason that it 's simple and could be a good long - term solution .
All you would need to do is convince 1,000 people a month to donate $ 1 in order to see your comic continue on .
If your work was quality enough and people wanted to continue to read it , it 's possible that this solution might work .
This way , your material could still stay free on the Internet and you would n't have to be selling anything other than the comic itself . "
Donations work , to a point .
Randy Millholland famously got enough to do comics full time for a year .
But donations always run the risk of decreasing over time , which means you have to become increasingly desperate and shrill to get them .
Me , I 'd rather make products my readers want to buy instead of asking every single one of them " hey can I have a dollar " twelve times a year for the rest of my life .
I actually feel MORE " credible " selling people stuff they like instead of begging for their change .
But that is just a philosophical thing , not an honest truth .
If you 're happy running donation drives and can make it work in the long term , more power to you !
I 'm just unaware of anyone successfully doing so , as of yet .
" Whatever business models alternative comic artists can come up with , the one thing that I firmly believe is that the current paradigm is dead .
The world of alternative comics is going to be shrinking faster and faster in the next year as papers cut more comics and then , themselves , fold .
Artists must figure out a way to monetize their work online and readers must be willing to take this journey with them . "
Webcomics readers are the best readers in the entire fucking world .
We are all incredibly , incredibly fortunate to have you guys supporting us , either monetarily or simply by looking at our websites and enjoying them .
But artists already have figured out how to monetize their work online , and readers have already made that journey with them .
It 's not the model that these print guys were expecting , but it 's already in place .
It 's not necessarily the best one , or the only one that will ever exist , either !
But it works right now , and it seems kind of weird to me to write it off without even giving it a try .
I think the core of the problem is the print guys want to maintain their status quo of mailing out comic strips and recieving a check in return .
Unfortunately that just is n't how it works on the internet .
You have to either do everything yourself , or find people to delegate tasks to .
The point is if you 've got a good core product ( your comic ) with a solid audience , you CAN make a living without doing all the gruntwork yourself .
The sad part , and the one thing I do n't think anybody has any control over , is that I think there are some successful print comics that just can't succeed on the web , either due to their content or audience size or what have you .
The flipside of that coin is true , as well - Questionable Content could NEVER POSSIBLY succeed in its present form as a syndicated strip , or even something running in local alt weeklies .
You have to adapt to your medium and its potential audience , and if you can't do that then all the business acumen in the world wo n't help you make a living .
According to internet traffic monitoring site Hitwise , Google Maps was on the path to overtake Mapquest around the beginning of this year .
Now MapQuest is pulling away from Google once again .
We 're wondering : Which do you use ?
Here at Lifehacker , most of us made the switch to Google Maps in its early days — back before MapQuest had added any of the AJAX map scrolling and zooming that made Google Maps stand out .
Still , when it comes to getting directions , I 'm always surprised when I hear people use MapQuest as a verb the same way they use Google ( i.e. , " I 'll just MapQuest it . " ) .
So we 're curious to hear which you 're using for your mapping and directions needs : Google Maps or MapQuest ?
( surveys ) MapQuest and Google Maps are n't your only choices , of course , so let 's hear more about why you love your favorite maps site in the comments .
By Francis Plourde
Published December 5 , 2008 08:00 am |
Quebeckers are back in the polling stations on Monday .
Which role will the recent political turmoil at the House of Commons play on Dec. 8 ?
ADQ leader Mario Dumont – an avowed supporter of Prime Minister Stephen Harper – might be the biggest loser .
Dumont denies that the Prime Minister transformed a political crisis into a crisis on Canadian unity .
He was already in trouble two weeks ago , with polls giving him a mere 12 per cent .
Now his party could go from 41 seats in 2007 to a handful next Monday – and might even lose its status as an official party .
Harper ’s incendiary statements about the “ separatists ” gave leader of PQ Pauline Marois a good argument in favour of Sovereignty .
But the leader , who tried to avoid the independence issue during the current election in an effort to gain support from a broader range of electors , might see the federal crisis turning against her .
Nevertheless , for Marois , Harper ’s reaction about a coalition supported by the Bloc is the proof that the concept of two nations within one country is not recognized .
“ The interests of some are against the interests of others .
It ’s what Harper showed us , ” she declared .
On the other hand , being careful in his statements , Premier Jean Charest reminded that all “ All Quebeckers deserve respect , no matter their political allegiance . ”
Jean Charest is likely to be the biggest winner of the failed attempt to make a coalition .
Throughout the week , all the media coverage was focused on the crisis at the House of Commons , while attacks against the PLQ , leading in the polls , gathered few attention .
According to political analyst Denis Lessard , that ’s just what Jean Charest needed to win easily on Monday .
“ For the last week , efforts from PQ and ADQ leaders are useless .
Electors do n’t follow the provincial debate , and Jean Charest is gearing toward an easy victory , ” he writes .
Moreover , the political turmoil at the House of Commons is the best argument against minority governments .
And Quebeckers , who , since 2007 , have seen minority governments at both the federal and provincial levels , might look forward to some stability , at least at one level .
Francis Plourde is a Vancouver - based journalist .
AS A pupil at a minor English boarding school , one of the rituals your correspondent dreaded most was morning chapel : 600 boys and a dozen berobed “ masters ” crammed into a cold , dim chamber for ten minutes of dreary hymns and prayers .
Until , that is , one morning , the solemn atmosphere was shattered by an unforgettable act of comic bravado .
Seconds after the headmaster — known as the Head Horse on account of his equine features — took his seat , a giant white sheet rolled down over the arched entrance .
On it was a caricature of a grinning horse wearing a mortar - board .
Lord , how we laughed .
The perpetrators ' identities did not stay secret for long — what schoolboy could resist boasting of such a jape ?
The rolled - up sheet had been held in place by thread that was tied to the switch for the headmaster 's reading light so tautly that when he turned it on , the thread snapped and the caricature was unfurled .
The Head Horse had been forced to humiliate himself .
Even he had to admit it was ingenious .
Abbie Hoffman , a 1960s radical - cum - trickster , said most pranks fell into one of three categories : “ good ” pranks were amusingly satirical , “ bad ” ones gratuitously vindictive , and “ neutral ” ones surreal and soft on the victim ( if there was one ) .
An example of the first is the time Mr Hoffman and his fellow “ Yippies ” showered the floor of the New York Stock Exchange with dollar bills in 1967 , thereby managing to stop the tickertape for six minutes while traders scrambled to pick up the notes .
For a taste of the second , go to any college fraternity initiation .
Examples of the third are many and delicious .
A master of the art in the early 20th century was Horace de Vere Cole , an inveterate British prankster .
Cole bore a striking resemblance to the then leader of the Labour Party , Ramsay MacDonald , and one of his favourite japes was to appear at Labour rallies posing as MacDonald , stride on stage to rapturous applause , and denounce everything the party stood for .
Priceless or puerile ?
There 's the rub , for one man 's brilliant prank is another 's mindless stunt .
Most would agree that the best pranks offer more than just deception , mischievousness or ridicule , and that much of the genre dished up on television now — the mutant progeny of shows like “ Candid Camera ” — falls well short of the mark .
But what is that special ingredient ?
Elaborateness or simplicity ?
Satirical bite or surrealism ?
Irony or bluntness ?
Even dictionaries seem unsure how to define “ prank ” ( orig. unk . ) : it is , by turns , a malicious trick , a conjuring act performed to deceive or surprise , a mischievous frolic , and more .
Homeric humour
If the prank is one of the more elusive arrows in the comedic quiver , it is also one of the oldest .
The Homeric world is full of them .
Hermes , for instance , was “ full of tricks — a bringer of dreams ” .
He played his first when only a day old , stealing a herd of cattle belonging to his brother , Apollo , and driving them into a cave backwards to suggest that they had left instead of entered .
So beguiling were his tricks that Zeus “ laughed out loud to see his mischievous child ” .
Pranks were a feature of ancient seasonal festivals .
During Saturnalia , a Roman winter celebration , participants would dance , drink and play jokes on each other ; slaves pretended to rule their masters , and a mock king , the Lord of Misrule , reigned for a day .
Later , court jesters took advantage of a similar inversion of roles , playing tricks on kings and courtiers .
Medieval magicians and tricksters had their own bible , the 14th century “ Secretum Philosophorum ” ( which taught , for instance , how to turn water into wine by soaking pieces of bread in dark wine , drying them in the sun , and dropping them into the jug when no one was looking ) .
The best pranks have always blurred the lines between legality and illegality , good and bad taste , right and wrong conduct .
Festivals like Saturnalia appeared to undermine the social order , but paradoxically helped to reaffirm it , by allowing people to act out their frustrations in a harmless way .
The nearest thing to this today is April Fool 's Day — “ the day we remember what we are the other 364 days of the year , ” as Mark Twain gently put it — though the best April 1st jokes tend to be media hoaxes , rather than traditional pranks .
A classic of the genre is a 1957 BBC “ documentary ” on Swiss spaghetti farmers .
Many British viewers asked where they could buy pasta trees .
Some of the best April Fool 's stunts are those that send up national characteristics .
To prove the point that Germans who break even minor rules struggle with their guilt , a few years back a newspaper in Tübingen announced a new experiment by the traffic authorities .
Local drivers who had knowingly exceeded the speed limit in recent days were to turn themselves in , pay a fine and take lessons in safe driving .
More than 60 sinners obliged .
Sportive students
For the most impressively elaborate pranks , however , go to a university campus .
Take thousands of bright young things with too much time on their hands , itching to achieve , amuse and misbehave , and splendid acts of delinquency will follow .
The best colleges strive to out - prank one another .
Students at Yale scored a big victory during last year 's football match against Harvard when they passed out pieces of paper to thousands of fans on the Harvard side of the stadium .
The fans were told that , when held up , the bits would spell “ Go Harvard ” .
In fact they spelled something else ( see photo that opened this article ) .
At Harvard 's neighbour , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , “ hacks ” , as the MIT crowd calls them , are more serious .
So serious , in fact , that in 2003 the institute 's best hacks were assembled in a 178 - page book , “ Nightwork ” .
The pranks at MIT tend to be feats of engineering .
They are positively encouraged , because they teach students to work in teams , solve complex problems and , sometimes , get a message across .
Mr Peterson 's book includes an 11 - point code for pranksters : leave no damage , do not steal , do not drop things off a building without a ground crew , and so on .
In Cambridge , Massachusetts , at least , student pranks have become an establishment activity .
Getty Images
But the scene of what many consider the best - ever engineering prank was that other academic Cambridge , in England , where , one morning in 1958 , the town awoke to see an Austin Seven van on top of the Senate House building .
After weeks of preparation , a group of mechanical - sciences undergraduates had pushed the van , wheelbarrow - like , minus its doors and back wheels , into place , then hoisted it using a derrick of five 24 - foot scaffolding poles , 250 feet of steel wire , 200 feet of hemp rope , pulley blocks and hooks , planks , and even sacking to protect the building .
Once the vehicle had been dragged to the top of the sloping roof , the doors and wheels were re-fitted .
The world 's media rightly applauded the prank .
It was breathtakingly ambitious , requiring both brains and brawn in prodigious quantities ; the planning was meticulous ( the dozen or so students involved were split into sub-teams , including one comprising two pretty females to distract curious passers - by ) ; and it created a spectacularly surreal sight that could be seen across town .
The perpetrators were particularly pleased that what took them under three hours to do took the Civil Defence Force four days to undo .
The dean of the college from which the prank was launched sent the ringleader a case of champagne .
While students generally prank for fun or pride , another breed does it for political ends .
Anti-corporate pranking took off in the 1960s , as giant corporations began to be feared as much as nuclear weapons .
Hoffman 's Yippies blazed the trail , engaging in playful political theatre against big business as well as politicians .
Their modern - day heirs are the likes of RTMARK and the Yes Men. RTMARK is a sort of online brokerage bringing together “ investors ” who give time and money for anti-corporate stunts .
The Yes Men fancy themselves as satirical guerrillas .
A favoured tactic is to pose as spokesmen for big companies : one Yes Man infiltrated a banking conference , at which he unveiled an “ Acceptable Risk Calculator ” that helped companies to work out the point at which deaths linked to their products began cutting into their profits .
Several delegates asked for more information .
Another popular target of such groups is the media .
To many , the master media - hoaxer is Alan Abel , who over the years has passed himself off as Howard Hughes , faked his own death ( the New York Times published an obituary ) and , when Idi Amin was on the run from Uganda , lured the press into covering a wedding ceremony in which the former dictator apparently married an American woman to secure citizenship .
Mr Abel 's tip : strut your stuff on Sundays , when the gullible , junior reporters are on duty .
To some , pranking is a bit like drugs — good fun when you 're young , but not something respectable adults do .
Mr Abel , now in his 70s , belongs to a rare breed that considers it a lifetime 's work .
That his like are rare is perhaps for the best .
When serious grown - ups try their hand at pranks , the result is often ham - fisted .
Corporate bosses are a case in point .
In the go - go 1990s , larks became de rigueur in the executive suite .
There has been less of this since boom turned to bust , though at a few firms , such as Sun Microsystems , “ pranking the boss ” is still ingrained .
“ It encourages employees to be innovative , ” a Sun spokeswoman earnestly explains .
Occasionally , a big corporation gets it just right .
In 1996 , Taco Bell Corporation of America announced it had bought the Liberty Bell from the federal government and was renaming it the Taco Liberty Bell .
Cue outrage across the country .
These days , the medium of choice for many tricksters is the internet .
Spoof websites and bogus e-mails proliferate , and a cottage industry offers downloadable prank phone calls and the like .
While the web has democratised the art , it has diluted it .
Most of the stuff is crude — the online equivalent of the whoopee cushion .
The Prank Institute , an online community “ dedicated to the pranking sciences ” , has logged tens of thousands of decidedly variable quality .
A glorious exception is the site that offers “ bonsai kittens ” , reared in small jars , which outrages animal - lovers .
Ranking the pranking
Perhaps it was ever thus : many having a go , few producing anything genuinely funny and admirable .
After all , nobody likes to think they have no jocular streak .
Even Adolf
Hitler claimed to have been a prankster in his youth .
If so , he lost it spectacularly .
With that warning in mind , we invite readers to nominate their contender for the finest prank in history , explaining in 750 words why it deserves the title , to reach us by January 20th .
The three best entries will be announced in February and published on Economist.com .
Entries , please , to pranks@economist.com .
