Orange County supervisors were looking for someone to transform the sheriff ’s office when they hired an outsider last year to replace disgraced Sheriff Michael S. Carona .
Now they ’re complaining that the new sheriff is n’t sensitive to the culture of Orange County .
If by “ culture ” they mean concealed - weapons permits handed out to people who have no legitimate need to carry guns on the streets , then yes , Sheriff Sandra Hutchens is not one to honor tradition , and we admire her for that .
Among Hutchens ’ first announcements as sheriff was that she would systematically review the county ’s 1,000 active permits and require their holders to have a reason for packing a gun -- aside from a desire to do so .
That could include a job such as owning a jewelry store , or a history of having been threatened or harassed .
Times have changed , and so has Orange County .
It is no longer an outpost of cattle ranches and lima - bean fields ; it ’s a diverse metropolitan area , and it should operate like one .
Hutchens , a retired division chief from the Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department , spent her career in a county with three times the population of Orange County ’s but with about one - third the number of concealed - weapons permits .
She brings a new sensibility to the Sheriff ’s Department , sorely needed after Carona gave permits to friends and political donors .
One of these , Carona ’s former martial - arts instructor , was sentenced to six months in prison after making a dangerous fool of himself on a golf course by drawing his gun in a dispute about a wayward fairway shot .
County supervisors have been pressured by the permit holders who stand to lose their privileges .
But considering that this amounts to about 500 people in a county of 3 million , the board should not interpret the carrying of guns to be a venerated part of Orange County culture .
Hutchens ’ staff has worsened tensions by acting inappropriately during board meetings on the gun issue , at one point directing security cameras toward the notes of two supervisors , and in another case sending text messages that poked fun at the people there .
Hutchens has apologized and launched investigations ; more important , she must assert control over her staff ’s conduct , just as she has asserted authority over gun permits .
Advertisement
The law offers sheriffs broad leeway in determining what constitutes a legitimate reason to carry a gun ; we think Hutchens is bringing the correct balance to this matter .
The supervisors courageously sought radical change in the sheriff ’s operations .
The easy part of that was hiring Hutchens ; the harder part is sticking by her when change becomes uncomfortable .
Adding Custom Shortcuts to Gnome
The motto with Linux is customization right ?
So lets customize the shortcuts in Gnome to make them do what we want them to do .
If you are looking for a list of default Gnome shortcuts check out , All the Best Linux Cheat Sheets .
First open up the gconf - editor
gconf-editor
Then in gconf go to apps > metacity > keybinding_commands
You will see commands ranging from 1 - 12 .
These are your custom command aliases .
Select one that is not in use .
Lets say command_1
Then type in the command that you want ran .
No on the left side of gconf go to global_keybindings .
Find the corresponding runcommand and double click .
In the value you will type in your shortcut for example , S
Now for this example Ctrl + Alt+s will open up the gnome - system - monitor .
Just repeat the steps to add more shortcuts .
Just remember to try out the shortcut before you override it .
You probably do n’t want to assign a shortcut to something that is already used for something more important .
There are also some preset shortcuts you can set in System > Preferences > Keyboard Shortcuts .
One of the claims about “ global climate change ” is that it will affect the normal ranges of flora and fauna of our planet .
Well , with a very cold northern hemisphere this winter , that seems to happening .
A bird not seen ( as a mature adult ) in Massachusetts since the 1800 ’s , an Ivory Gull , normally an inhabitant of arctic areas , has been spotted .
Here are the details from the Plymouth , MA Patriot - Ledger .
– Anthony
GULL - LOVER ’S TRAVELS : Birdwatchers flock to Plymouth to spot rare specimen
PLYMOUTH — Jan 28th , 2009
The temperatures were in the single digits , but not low enough to keep the gawkers away .
A celebrity was in town , behind the East Bay Grille , a visitor not seen in these parts in decades , if not longer .
But these were n’t paparazzi , and this was n’t a Hollywood star .
Rather , they were avid birdwatchers – about 20 in all – braving the frigid air as they scanned the bay and the edges of the breakwater with binoculars and spotting scopes .
And they would be rewarded , catching a glimpse of a glimpse of a rare , fully mature ivory gull .
A birdwatcher reported seeing one in Plymouth last week , and another was spotted at Eastern Point Lighthouse in Gloucester .
From Sunday through Tuesday , the avian visitor was a regular in Plymouth , much to the delight of birdwatchers , who came from near and far in hopes of adding the extremely rare bird to their life list .
Ivory gulls normally stay well above Newfoundland , living on Arctic ice where they follow whales and polar bears to feed on the scraps and carcasses they leave behind after making a kill .
Until this year , the last report of a fully mature ivory gull in Massachusetts was in the 1800s .
Three immature birds were seen in the 1940s .
In 1976 , another immature bird had been spotted in Rockport .
Russell Graham of Dallas is flying in Friday for a three - day visit .
He ’s hoping the gull will still be in town when he arrives .
“ The ivory gull is one of a handful of birds that every birder dreams of seeing but almost no one has . , ” he said .
“ This is n’t a dream that ’s confined to North America .
There is also an immature bird in France that is causing the same reaction there .
There are a couple of places where you can go in the summer and expect to see one but they are distant and expensive – Svalbard on Spitsbergen , Norway and Pond Inlet on Baffin Island , Canada .
“ I never thought I would have the chance to see one and I can’t pass up this once - in - a- lifetime opportunity . ”
If the gull is gone , Graham will consider a side trip to Nova Scotia , where two adult ivory gulls have been seen recently .
“ I ’ll be keeping my fingers crossed , ” he said .
John Fox of Arlington , Va. , and his friend Adam D’Onofrio of Petersburg drove more than eight hours on Sunday to see the gull .
“ No bird this morning , ” Fox said a day later , shaking his head .
“ We left Virginia at three in the morning yesterday and arrived here 20 minutes too late . ”
On Sunday morning , hundreds of people got to observe and photograph the gull as it fed on a chicken carcass someone put out on one of the docks in the parking lot .
The bird stayed until 11 a.m. , then flew across the harbor .
It was not seen again for the rest of the day .
“ We arrived at 11:20 and spent the rest of the afternoon in the parking lot , hoping it would return , ” Fox said .
They stayed at Pilgrim Sands Motel and arrived at the parking lot early Monday morning for one more chance to see the ivory gull before returning to Virginia .
Fox said it was his first time in Massachusetts .
If he did n’t see the bird , he said , at least he could see Plymouth Rock before they left for home .
“ That ’s how it goes sometimes , ” he said .
“ We do n’t always see what we come for , but it ’s nice to see some of the sights when you travel to a new area in hopes of seeing a rare bird . ”
As Fox was planning his exit , a commotion caught his attention .
One of the birders pointed toward the sky and said with a shout , “ There it is . ”
The pure white gull was flying toward the parking lot , silhouetted against a bright blue sky .
Someone in the crowd announced for the record the gull had arrived at 7:45 a.m .
The bird flew in circles overhead , then landed on a snow bank in the middle of the parking lot .
Cameras clicked and the birders “ oohed and ahhhed ” each time the ivory gull switched positions .
“ Look how white it is , ” someone said .
“ It ’s got black feet , black eyes and a grayish - black beak , ” said another .
The gull eyeballed the chicken carcass , still there from the day before , but it did n’t eat .
Instead , it flew to the railing along the edge of the boat ramp and perched with a group of sea gulls .
The photographers followed , changing positions to get the best lighting .
Fox stood with the group , talking with other birdwatchers , as the gull sat peacefully on the railing , observing all the people gathered around it .
Was it worth the long drive up from Virginia ?
“ It sure was , ” Fox said with a smile .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Just in case you were worried that Texas had n't made an embarrassing spectacle of itself lately , you need fret no more .
Once again the State Board of Education is coming to your rescue .
The SBOE is holding a public hearing January 21 on science standards , and the people at the Discovery Institute , who think Intelligent Design blows away that whole stoopid " evolution " theory , are happy as unevolved clams .
" We 're very pleased that in this Darwin bicentennial year Texas has invited scientists on both sides of the evolution debate to testify about the scientific status of Darwin 's theory , " said Dr. John West , associate director of Discovery Institute 's Center for Science & Culture , in a statement released today .
It 's NOT about God , in case you 're curious .
Questioning evolution is all about teaching kids to be better students .
" Previously , these scientists have advised the SBOE that good science education should encourage students to learn the scientific facts and engage in more critical thinking than they would under the currently proposed [ standards ] , " the Discovery Institute 's release says .
We assume these people will also call for standard that demand critical thinking in the theory of the boiling temperature of water and whether gravity makes things go up or down .
January 21 , folks .
In Austin .
Bring popcorn and enjoy the show .
-- Richard Connelly
The Madoff fraud could be one of the biggest yet The former chairman of the Nasdaq stock market has been arrested and charged with securities fraud , in what may be one of the biggest fraud cases yet .
Bernard Madoff ran a hedge fund which ran up $ 50 bn ( £ 33.5 bn ) of fraudulent losses and which he called " one big lie " , prosecutors allege .
Mr Madoff is alleged to have used money from new investors to pay off existing investors in the fund .
His lawyer said he would fight to get through these " unfortunate events " .
The 70 - year - old has been released on $ 10 m bail .
High - profile victims Bramdean Alternatives has emerged as a victim of the fraud , with 9.5 % of its investments exposed to the New York broker , it said in a statement on its website .
Nicola Horlick , the high profile fund manager labelled superwoman by the UK press , is the company 's nominated fund manager .
The collapse of Madoff is likely to accelerate the disappearance of hedge funds
Robert Peston
Click here for Robert Peston 's blog
In an interview earlier this year with the Financial Times , Ms Horlick praised Mr Madoff .
" He is someone who is very , very good at calling the US equity market , " she said .
She added : " This guy has managed to return 1 % - 1.2 % per month , year after year after year . "
' Pyramid scheme ' Mr Madoff founded Bernard L Madoff Investment Securities in 1960 , but also ran a separate hedge fund business .
According to the US Attorney 's criminal complaint filed in court , Mr Madoff told at least three employees on Wednesday that the hedge fund business - which served up to 25 clients and had $ 17.1 bn of money under management - was a fraud and had been insolvent for years , losing at least $ 50 bn .
He said he was " finished " , that he had " absolutely nothing " and that " it 's all just one big lie " , and that it was " basically , a giant Ponzi scheme " , the complaint said .
He told them that he planned to surrender to the authorities but not before he used his last $ 200 m - $ 300 m to pay " selected employees , family and friends " .
Under a Ponzi scheme , which is similar to pyramid schemes , investors are promised very high returns on their investment , while in reality early investors are paid with money collected from later investors .
On Thursday , two agents from the FBI went to his apartment .
Investors have withdrawn from hedge funds amid market volatility According to the complaint , Mr Madoff told them he knew why they were there , and said there was " no innocent explanation " .
He told them he " paid investors with money that was n't there " , that he was " broke " and " insolvent " , that it " could not go on " and he expected to go to jail .
Stunning fraud
If found guilty , US prosecutors say he could face up to 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 5 m .
" Our complaint alleges a stunning fraud - both in terms of scope and duration , " said Scott Friestad at the SEC .
" We are moving quickly and decisively to stop the scheme and protect the remaining assets for investors . "
Dan Horwitz , Mr Madoff 's lawyer , said : " Bernard Madoff is a longstanding leader in the financial services industry .
We will fight to get through this unfortunate set of events . "
Many investors have been pulling money out of hedge funds in an effort to reduce their exposure to risk .
" This is a major blow to confidence that is already shattered - anyone on the fence will probably try to take their money out , " said Doug Kass , president of Seabreeze Partners Management , a hedge fund .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Omar Siddiqui was well - known on the Strip .
Casinos vied with one another to lure the high - stakes Bay Area gambler to their tables .
They flew him to Las Vegas on private jets .
They put him up free in opulent suites .
And they extended him millions of dollars in credit on his signature alone .
He was good for business .
Siddiqui , who made $ 225,000 a year as a top Fry ’s Electronics executive , once lost $ 8 million in a day .
It was not Siddiqui ’s only debt or even his largest .
Court records indicate that the 43 - year - old businessman gambled away as much as $ 167 million at casinos over the last decade .
Yet even as he amassed huge IOUs , casinos around the country continued to lend him millions more .
Advertisement
Siddiqui ’s debts ultimately caught up with him , and he now stands accused of masterminding one of California ’s biggest frauds .
His case provides a view into the rarefied world of big - time gamblers and the lengths casinos go to attract them to their tables .
“ He was playing about as high as you can get , ” said Marcia Hartman , a former Las Vegas casino employee who said she saw Siddiqui in action .
“ That ’s what the casinos are looking for .
They are going to give a big player , a whale , anything in the world he wants .
From an ego point of view , he soaked it up . ”
Siddiqui ’s high - wire act began to unravel in October .
A colleague went into his unoccupied office and found spreadsheets detailing millions of dollars in secret payments Siddiqui allegedly received from firms that sold products to Fry ’s .
The co-worker scooped them up and took them to the Internal Revenue Service .
On Dec. 19 , two dozen federal agents descended on Fry ’s corporate offices in San Jose and marched Siddiqui away in handcuffs .
Siddiqui , the IRS contends , financed his gambling by taking at least $ 65.6 million in kickbacks .
Charged with nine counts of money laundering and wire fraud , he faces 140 years in prison .
Fired by Fry ’s , the onetime computer salesman pleaded not guilty last month .
He has declined to comment .
Advertisement
Hartman and other gaming industry critics say the casinos are complicit for letting Siddiqui play far beyond his means .
“ They built their own outlaw , ” said Hartman , who also was a high - stakes gambler who wound up in debt and facing prosecution .
“ They coveted him , they coddled him , they gave him the tools to become what he is .
They gave him so much credit , his alternative was to go to jail or to steal .
Either way , you go to jail . ”
Casino representatives say it ’s not their responsibility .
“ If a person has a million or 2 million in his account , how are we supposed to know where it came from ? ” asked Yvette Monet , a spokeswoman for the MGM Grand , which owns several casinos Siddiqui frequented .
“ It could be money he inherited from his mother . ”
Advertisement
The allegations came as a shock to the owners of Fry ’s , who had thought so highly of their longtime employee that they had given him one of their top jobs -- and lent him $ 10.1 million .
“ He has a strong ability to persuade , ” said spokesman Manuel Valerio , who worked in the Fry ’s corporate offices with Siddiqui .
“ He carried himself as a confident individual , a businessperson with acumen . ”
Days after Siddiqui ’s arrest , the privately held company sued to get its money back .
Valerio declined to discuss details of the loan .
Short and balding , Ausaf Umar Siddiqui -- who goes by Omar -- was an immaculate dresser fond of expensive suits .
He owned a Ferrari , a Mercedes and a Palo Alto town house .
But there were plenty of signs something was amiss .
Advertisement
Although Siddiqui may have won millions at the tables , at least seven casinos in Las Vegas , New Jersey and Connecticut have sued him since 1999 , seeking to recover at least $ 33 million .
The district attorney ’s office in Clark County , Nev. , prosecuted him in 2003 for not paying $ 12 million in gambling debts .
Before his arrest , Siddiqui was paying restitution and had whittled his debt to $ 6 million , said Chief Deputy Dist .
Atty .
Bernard Zadrowski .
But now , without money to make payments , Siddiqui faces reinstatement of felony charges .
“ In terms of cases we prosecuted , he ’s one of the bigger ones , ” Zadrowski said .
“ He is in the top four or five in terms of the dollar amount . ”
In 2006 , the IRS slapped an $ 18.5 - million lien on his property for unpaid taxes .
The state filed a $ 3 - million lien last year .
Advertisement
--
‘ Oozing arrogance ’
It is unclear when Siddiqui , Fry ’s vice president of merchandising and operations , allegedly began receiving kickbacks .
The IRS says he persuaded Fry ’s to let him bypass the independent brokers who usually supply products , then demanded that vendors pay him commissions as high as 31 % through a “ fraudulent company ” he set up in 1998 .
The sole purpose of PC International was to receive kickbacks , the IRS charged .
According to the criminal complaint filed by U.S. Atty .
Joseph P. Russoniello , Siddiqui deposited at least $ 167.8 million in PC International ’s bank account between 2005 and 2008 .
The IRS alleges that $ 65.6 million came from just five vendors .
It is still investigating where he got the rest .
Advertisement
Some in the electronics industry say Siddiqui dictated what would -- and would not -- be sold at the giant electronics chain .
One company , Phoebe Micro Inc. , sold Fry ’s $ 80 million worth of goods between 2003 and 2008 .
The firm gave Fry ’s a $ 4 million discount , the IRS said , but paid Siddiqui ’s company $ 24 million .
The IRS also documented six cases in which Siddiqui received $ 1 million to $ 5 million from vendors , then paid identical , or nearly identical , amounts to casinos within one to three days .
One company that refused to pay was FastMac , a small Santa Clara firm that makes batteries for Apple computers and iPods .
Abbi Vakil , now vice president , went to see Siddiqui with two colleagues in 2006 .
Advertisement
Vakil expected to pitch him on the battery ’s superior quality .
But Vakil said Siddiqui tossed their battery onto a credenza and talked about what he could offer : a prominent place in Fry ’s advertising and favored shelf space in its 34 stores .
He said FastMac would have to pay $ 20,000 and handed the trio a contract to sign .
“ Instead of us trying to sell our product , it turned to him selling us on why we should pay him , ” he said .
“ It was very weird .
I could have been selling anything .
It did n’t make any difference to him . ”
Vakil said he did not suspect it was illegal , but he knew it was wrong .
He refused Siddiqui ’s offer , and Fry ’s has never stocked FastMac ’s batteries .
“ He was straight out of GQ magazine , ” Vakil said .
“ He was just oozing arrogance . ”
Advertisement
--
Wooing high rollers
At the Venetian , a casino executive said Siddiqui often stayed in a lavish Chairman Suite .
The 7,000 - square - foot apartment has a fountain by the front door , expensive art on the walls , four bedrooms , huge walk - in closets , a fitness room , a salon , 24 - hour butler service and 26 television screens .
Near the suites , the Venetian provides a private gambling lounge for high rollers .
Guests are served wine worth as much as $ 25,000 a bottle .
Siddiqui preferred to gamble in the Salon , a semi- private area on the main floor .
Advertisement
“ His game was blackjack , ” said the executive , who did not want to be identified discussing a customer .
“ He would bet $ 200,000 a hand and he liked to play quick . ”
The casinos keep a detailed profile of important guests , noting their desires and quirks , and assign each a personal host .
Casinos have been known to take them on shopping sprees , buy them a BMW or fly them to Hawaii or Paris by private jet .
One high roller commented on how much he liked the bed in his suite , and the casino loaded it onto a plane and sent it home with him .
Another alleged in a lawsuit that a casino provided alcohol , drugs and prostitutes to entice him to borrow and lose millions .
“ You feel like you are the king , ” said one Vegas high roller , who asked not to be identified discussing casinos that host him .
“ There is nothing the casino wo n’t do for us .
Most of the time , we do n’t even need to ask and things will happen for us . ”
For a casino , it ’s smart business to spend thousands to make millions .
The strategy is to build loyalty with high rollers since virtually every gambler loses eventually .
Advertisement
It also makes sense for a casino to extend credit to a player who is deep in debt .
Some gamblers will sacrifice their businesses , even their homes , to pay off their debts so they can keep playing .
If the casino does lose money it has lent , it is only paper , said attorney Eric Sidebotham , who represents Siddiqui and other gamblers .
“ When the casino issues credit , it ’s monopoly money , ” he said .
“ They give you chips and you lose them at the table .
The money never leaves the building . ”
--
Chasing his debts
Advertisement
Siddiqui maintained his extravagant habit for years , frequently signing casino markers -- which act like personal checks -- but often chasing his debts , court documents show .
“ He had markers all over town , ” Hartman said .
“ When you are losing , you are jumping around to any casino that will give you credit and trying to come up with a winner to pay a marker at another casino .
It ’s exhausting . ”
She said she was working at the Golden Nugget in Las Vegas in 2004 or 2005 when Siddiqui came and asked for credit .
Despite his record of debts , which casinos can easily track , the Nugget gave him $ 1 million in credit .
He played blackjack and hit a losing streak .
But when he bet his last $ 50,000 , his luck turned .
He ended up winning back the million and more .
Advertisement
“ He took his few million and walked out and used the money to pay back another casino , ” she recalled .
“ You can imagine how unhappy the casino was to see all their money walk out and into someone else ’s vault . ”
A Golden Nugget spokesman said he had no knowledge of the incident .
On Nov. 15 , 2007 , Siddiqui walked into Planet Hollywood , wrote out a $ 3 - million check for chips and sat down to play baccarat , bypassing the beautiful blackjack dealers in lingerie in the “ Pleasure Pit . ”
His luck soured and he wrote another check , this one for $ 5 million .
Within hours , he lost his entire stake .
Advertisement
When Planet Hollywood tried to collect , Siddiqui ’s checks bounced .
The casino sued him in June , laying out its claims in court documents .
He agreed to settle by paying an undisclosed amount .
Less than three weeks before his arrest , the Palms casino in Las Vegas sued him , alleging he owed more than $ 2.3 million after he had signed seven markers on Aug. 23 .
The suit names more than a dozen casinos where Siddiqui was known to play and protests that “ it is reasonable to believe that Mr. Siddiqui will dispose of assets by gambling away his money . ”
--
Advertisement
richard.paddock@latimes.com
Male science students are a university 's most likely virgins while females who study arts subjects are the most sexually active , Australian researchers say .
A pilot study conducted at the University of Sydney saw 185 students , aged 16 to 25 , quizzed on their sexual history and awareness of the sexually transmitted disease chlamydia .
It found arts students were " younger , more likely to be sexually active and to report having little or no knowledge of chlamydia " .
February 13 , 2009 at 17:18 Tags Articles , Pygame tutorial
This is part IV of the " Writing a game in Python with Pygame " tutorial .
Back to the Creeps After a digression into the exciting world of path - finding in the previous part , we 're now back to our " Creeps " game .
Here 's a screenshot of our final product for this part :
As you can see , things look quite different now .
Indeed , there 's a lot of changes in the code , and a lot of new features were added for this part .
Here 's a brief summary of what we 'll go over today : Making creeps look prettier , especially when rotated
Major code refactoring into classes with well - defined responsibilities
Separation of " GUI elements " from the game logic
Handling transparency
Drawing walls
Incorporating the path - finding code to create directed movement for the creeps
As you see , this is a lot of material , and indeed I feel very content with the amount of code written for this section .
The final product is a very complete simulation having all the elements to turn into many kinds of games .
The code
The full code for this section can be taken from here .
Make sure you download and run it ( execute creeps.py ) before reading the rest of this tutorial .
Prettier creeps I 've re-created the creep images using the amazing Inkscape tool .
Inkscape allows to draw vector - graphics ( SVG ) , so it 's much better suited than plain pixel - banging .png for drawing figures for games .
I 've included the source .svg files for the creep images in the images / directory of the code package .
But my biggest problem with the creeps of the previous parts was how creeps rotated by 45 degrees look .
While rotating a square image perfectly in multiples of 90 degrees is simple , multiples of 45 are much tougher .
When the image is small , there 's a big change it will come up ugly , because the rotation can't perfectly convey all the information stored in it .
And indeed , when I just let Pygame to rotate the images 45 degrees for me , it did n't look very pretty .
So I 've taken a different path this time .
I rotated the images to 45 degrees in Inkscape ( which does it perfectly because it stores them as vector graphics ) , and now there are two images for each creep : one pointing " east " and one pointing " north - east " .
Given these two , with rotations by 90 degrees I can achieve all 8 possible multiples of 45 degrees .
You will notice in the code that Creep now accepts a pair of images as an argument , and unpacks them : # base_image_0/45 hold the original images , un-rotated # self .base_image_0 = creep_images [ 0 ] self .base_image_45 = creep_images [ 1 ]
Now the image rotation is done as follows : # Make the creep image point in the correct direction .
#
Note that two images are used , one for diagonals # and one for horizontals / verticals .
# # round ( ) on the angle is necessary , to make it # exact , despite small deviations that may result from # floating - point calculations # if int ( round ( self .direction.angle ) ) % 90 == 45 : self .image = pygame.transform.rotate ( self .base_image_45 , -( self .direction.angle + 45 ) ) elif int ( round ( self .direction.angle ) ) % 90 == 0 : self .image = pygame.transform.rotate ( self .base_image_0 , - self .direction.angle ) else : assert False
If the creep 's current direction is an odd multiple of 45 degrees , the 45 - degree image is used for rotations .
Otherwise the 0 - degree image is used .
This way all creeps look pretty now rotated in whichever direction .
Code refactoring
The creeps code after part II was n't exactly production quality .
It was what experimentation - code usually looks like , and except the Creep class , it was n't very well organized .
If you look at the code now , the situation is different .
I 've separated it to several classes , and moved out related functionality into separate files .
A lot of the code that was just dispersed in the main file was collected into the Game class , which is responsible for creating and running the game .
Another interesting change was the addition of the Timer class ( in utils.py ) .
Timer mimics the behavior or timers in event - driven systems like GUI toolkits .
You create it with an interval and a callback function .
Then , as time passes you should update it with the amount of time passed ( just like calling the update of creeps to let them compute their position ) , and the timer will call the callback periodically ( with the supplied period ) .
A good example of the use of the timer is in the SimpleAnimation class ( simpleanimation .py ) which we use to show how creeps " explode " when their life bar reaches 0 .
The constructor of the animation creates two timers : self .scroll_timer = Timer ( scroll_period , self ._advance_img ) self .active_timer = Timer ( duration , self ._inactivate , True )
The scroll timer is responsible for scrolling through the animation 's images periodically , while the active timer is responsible for inactivating the animation after its duration has passed ( it 's also a one - shot timer , which means it only acts once ) .
This is a good example of decoupling .
Timer takes care of the common task of keeping time and doing events periodically , so now " user " code like SimpleAnimation does n't have to implement time keeping explicitly itself .
Another example of the usage of Timer is in the Game class .
Feel free to explore how creep_spawn_timer is used to periodically " spawn " new creeps into the game .
GUI " widgets "
If you 've ever programmed GUIs , you 've undoubtedly run into the term " widget " .
A widget is a generic graphical GUI element that you see on the screen and can sometimes interact with .
Text boxes are widgets , buttons are widgets , scroll boxes , tables , labels are widgets , etc .
Pygame is not a GUI toolkit .
It 's a more low - level tool that specializes in graphics - efficient drawing on the screen .
This , together with the concept of time , is all one really needs to create widgets , though , and indeed several GUI libraries for Pygame sprang up .
Rather than using a ready - made library , I 've decided to create just the primitives I need for the creeps game .
See widgets .py for two useful widget classes that I use for drawing framed boxes and message boards .
The classes are very simple - each has a constructor and a draw method , along with other utility methods .
By taking out these utilities into a separate file as widget classes , I 've achieved another goal of refactoring - keeping logically separate code in different files .
Now the main code can create boxes and message boards at its will , without worrying too much about how they 're implemented .
Handling transparency
You 've surely noticed by now that creeps come out from a semi- transparent square in the upper - left corner of the screen and disappear into a similar square in the bottom - right corner .
These squares are drawn transparently as follows : def draw_portals ( self ) : entrance_sf = pygame .
Surface ( ( self .entrance_rect.w , self .entrance_rect.h ) ) entrance_sf.fill( Color ( 80 , 200 , 80 ) ) entrance_sf.set_alpha( 150 ) self .screen.blit( entrance_sf , self .entrance_rect ) exit_sf = pygame .
Surface ( ( self .exit_rect.w , self .exit_rect.h ) ) exit_sf.fill( Color ( 200 , 80 , 80 ) ) exit_sf.set_alpha( 150 ) self .screen.blit( exit_sf , self .exit_rect )
The " magic " here is done with the set_alpha method of a Surface .
Alpha in graphics nomenclature means the measure of transparency of a color - how much it will be blended into its background when drawn .
Note that these " portals " are drawn after the creeps are drawn .
Can you figure out why ?
( see exercise 1 ) .
Drawing walls
Since we 're making our creeps avoid obstacles using path - finding , we should have some obstacles , right ?
Obstacles in our game are " walls " , and are kept in the dictionary self .
walls inside the Game object .
The walls are drawn onto the screen as follows : def draw_walls ( self ) : wallcolor = Color ( 140 , 140 , 140 ) for wall in self . walls : nrow , ncol = wall pos_x = self .field_rect.left + ncol * self .
GRID_SIZE + self .
GRID_SIZE / 2 pos_y = self .field_rect.top + nrow * self .
GRID_SIZE + self .
GRID_SIZE / 2 radius = 3 pygame.draw.polygon ( self . screen , wallcolor , [ ( pos_x - radius , pos_y ) , ( pos_x , pos_y + radius ) , ( pos_x + radius , pos_y ) , ( pos_x , pos_y - radius ) ] ) if ( nrow + 1 , ncol ) in self .walls : pygame.draw.line ( self . screen , wallcolor , ( pos_x , pos_y ) , ( pos_x , pos_y + self . GRID_SIZE ) , 3 ) if ( nrow , ncol + 1 ) in self .walls : pygame.draw.line ( self . screen , wallcolor , ( pos_x , pos_y ) , ( pos_x + self . GRID_SIZE , pos_y ) , 3 ) First , a polygonal " blob " is drawn in the center of the grid square where the wall is located .
Then , the neighbor squares are examined ( see exercise 2 ) .
If a neighbor has a wall in it too , the two are connected by a thick line , making an appearance of a real wall .
Creep , find thy way !
It 's a good time to review part III of the tutorial now , because I assume you already know what 's explained there ( namely , what path - finding is , and how I 've implemented it ) .
Implementing path - finding for the game
Two classes were important in my implementation of path - finding on a rectangular grid : GridMap , which represents a rectangular grid , providing methods to set which squares are blocked and cost functions for the path - finding code .
, which represents a rectangular grid , providing methods to set which squares are blocked and cost functions for the path - finding code .
PathFinder , a generic , efficient A* path - finder that receives an abstract representation of the game graph ( via successors and cost functions ) and computes optimal paths from point to point on that graph .
For creeps , I 've created a proxy class named GridPath that encapsulates the interaction with the path - finding code completely , providing a convenient interface for the creeps .
It 's only 50 lines of code or so , most of it comments and doc-strings , so you can easily understand it .
Here 's the constructor : def __init__ ( self , nrows , ncols , goal ) : self .map = GridMap ( nrows , ncols ) self . goal = goal #
Path cache .
For a coord , keeps the next coord to move # to in order to reach the goal .
Invalidated when the # grid changes ( with set_blocked ) # self ._path_cache = {}
You can see that it uses GridMap under the hood to implement the rectangular map with its costs and successor function .
The main trick that makes GridPath cool is caching .
I would n't want to re-compute the path for each creep to the goal 30 times a second , why should I , if the game field rarely if ever changes ?
Instead , path results are cached , and GridPath answers one simple question - " where to next from here ? " .
When one creep asks it , in all likeness another creep will ask it at one time or another , so it makes sense to cache the results .
Here it is : def get_next ( self , coord ) : " " " Get the next coordinate to move to from ' coord ' towards the goal . " " " #
If the next path for this coord is not cached , compute # it # if not ( coord in self ._path_cache ) : self ._compute_path ( coord ) # _compute_path adds the path for the coord to the cache .
#
If it 's still not cached after the computation , it means # that no path exists to the goal from this coord .
# if coord in self ._path_cache : return self ._path_cache[coord ] else : return None
When asked the question , it first checks the cache .
If the cache already contains the answer , it is returned .
Otherwise the path is recomputed and added to the cache ( see method _compute_path for that ) .
At this point , if the path is again not in the cache it means there is n't any valid path from this point .
But what if the game field changes ?
- you might ( rightly ) ask .
No problems , in this case the cache is just invalidated ( cleared ) and new questions will cause it to be filled again ( set_blocked clears the cache ) .
The actual result of this is that path computations hardly take any time .
Only when the map is changed , the path is recomputed ( which takes several milliseconds ) .
In all other cases , the result is returned instantly from the cache .
Smarter movement for creeps
The Creep class needed to undergo some minor changes to incorporate path - finding .
The main change is in the _compute_direction method , that replaces the method that just randomly changed the direction of the creep once in a while .
Here is its : def _compute_direction ( self , time_passed ) : " " " Finds out where to go " " " coord = self .game.xy2coord ( self .pos ) if self .game.is_goal_coord( coord ) : self ._die ( ) else : x_mid , y_mid = self .game.coord2xy_mid( coord ) if ( ( x_mid - self .pos .x ) * ( x_mid - self .prev_pos.x ) < 0 or ( y_mid - self .pos.y ) * ( y_mid - self .prev_pos.y ) < 0 ) : next_coord = self .game.next_on_path( coord ) self .direction = vec2d ( next_coord [ 1 ] - coord [ 1 ] , next_coord [ 0 ] - coord [ 0 ] ) .normalized ( )
Most of the code is straightforward .
The creep first finds out where it is ( by asking the Game object to translate its position into a coordinate on the game map ) .
Then , it checks whether it has reached its goal .
If it did , the creep dies .
Otherwise , it computes where to turn , if a turn is required .
This is one of the trickiest parts of the code , so it warrants special attention .
Recall that the creep keeps its position on the screen in self .pos .
It 's done in a " centered way " , meaning that the center of the creep 's image is located at self .
pos , and its actual body is around it .
To simulate realistic movement through the grid , I want the creeps to move through the grid 's centers ( i.e. the whole body of the creep to fit into a grid square before a turn is made ) .
Here 's a diagram for clarification : Imagine that the red dot represents the center of the creep which has just entered a new grid square .
Suppose that it has entered from the upper - left neighbor of this square .
Also , suppose that the path - finding code tells the creep to continue to the neighbor below this square .
How will the creep move ?
Well , if it continuously checks for a change of direction , the creep will start moving down right away , so it will move on the edges of the squares , and not inside them ( see exercise 3 ) .
This results in unrealistic movement and interference with walls .
How can this be fixed ?
I 've had several ideas while developing the code , but most of them did n't work out .
One that does work , can be described with this diagram : Assume an imaginary cross through the middle of the square .
We can detect when the creep passes from one quadrant of the cross to another quite simply , so we have a way of knowing when it 's about in the center of the square .
This is the idea actually implemented in the second part of _compute_direction , and as you can see in the game itself , it works nicely .
You can turn the grid on ( Ctrl - g ) and see how nicely the creeps move through the centers of the squares .
Conclusion
As always , please check the exercises in the bottom of the tutorial .
Even if you do n't actually implement the solutions , at least read the questions and try to understand what is being asked .
Our creeps code is now quite a complete simulation , incorporating many of the elements of game programming : Graphics
Keeping and updating game state
Movement
Path - finding
User interaction
Events I personally feel that I 've learned a lot about Pygame by writing it , and hope that you have too .
At this point , I 'm not sure whether I 'll continue this tutorial , because I do n't know if I want to pursue the topic further .
Perhaps if someone suggests an interesting enough future direction for it , I 'll be motivated enough to continue .
For now , thanks for reading !
PORT WASHINGTON , N.Y. ( MarketWatch ) --
Although you would n't know it from the behavior of the stock market , the economic outlook is turning just a bit less gloomy .
Prosperity may not be just around the corner , but statistical evidence is mounting to suggest that the worst of this recession may soon be past .
And before you inundate me with email alleging that I am out of touch with the real world , let me say right at the top that I am not for one moment saying that the economy has stopped sliding .
I am only suggesting that it appears to be contracting at a slower pace .
Clearly , this has nothing whatsoever to do with the stimulus package that the president signed into law last week .
As a matter of fact , if the recession does end within the next few months , it will probably be in spite of this package , rather than because of it .
If you want a policy to credit , it 's monetary policy .
The combination of liquidity that the Federal Reserve has pumped into the economy , along with its special lending programs and capital injections into the banks , is largely responsible .
But you want more than assertions ; you want proof .
And here it is :
The Conference Board 's index of leading economic indicators has risen for two months in a row .
Producer prices have increased for two straight months .
Consumer prices rose in January -- the first monthly gain in six months .
The Baltic Dry Index , which measures the cost of shipping key raw materials like copper , steel and iron , has more than doubled from its recent lows .
Existing - home sales rose in December , and participants in our weekly survey think that another rise took place in January .
Pending home sales went up in December .
Builders ' confidence inched up this month .
Thanks to lower interest rates , applications for both new mortgages and refinancings of existing mortgages are rising .
Real hourly earnings rose 4.5 % in December following a 3.3 % increase in November .
An index of consumer expectations rose in January .
Retail sales shot up by 1 % in January -- the first monthly rise since June .
The decline in consumer credit moderated in the latest month .
New orders for consumer and nonmilitary capital goods went up in January .
The ISM index of manufacturing went up last month .
The ISM index of services rose last month for the second month in a row .
The money supply is soaring , a sign that there 's plenty of liquidity in the economy .
The 3 - month London interbank offered rate , a measure of banks ' willingness to lend to each other , has dropped to 1.2 % from close to 5 % a number of weeks ago .
Other measures of the state of the financial markets , like the TED spread and the 2 - year swap spread are down , as well .
Prices of credit default swaps for banks have fallen from their peaks .
The corporate - bond markets are thawing out , too ; some $ 127 billion in dollar - denominated debt was issued in January , the most for any month since last May .
Some securities on banks ' books are starting to recover in value .
All this said , the economy is still a long way from a pink - cheeked state of health .
But remember , you 've got to crawl before you can walk .
And it looks like the economy is about to do just that .
NEW YORK ( MarketWatch ) --
Gold futures closed above the key $ 1,000 mark Friday for the first time in nearly a year , with the global financial and economic worries boosting the safe - haven appeal of the precious metal .
Gold for April delivery finished at $ 1,002.20 an ounce , up $ 25.70 , or 2.6 % , on the day .
It earlier touched a high of $ 1,007.70 .
With rising fear that the U.S. government may nationalize some banks , blue - chip stocks hit fresh bear - market lows before recovering Friday afternoon , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA , - 0.47 % recently down 43 points at 7,305 .
“ ' While gold has become overbought in the short term , its medium - and long - term fundamentals are as sound as ever . ' ” — Mark O'Byrne , Gold and Silver Investments
" There is a risk here of a panic sell - off in stock markets , and the next leg down in the stock bear market looks imminent , as the ills of the global financial system virulently infect the global economy , " wrote Mark O'Byrne , executive director at Gold and Silver Investments Limited , in a research note .
" While gold has become overbought in the short term , its medium - and long - term fundamentals are as sound as ever . "
Gold for February delivery , the front - month contract that registered very little volume , finished up $ 25.70 , or 2.6 % , at $ 1,001.80 an ounce on Globex .
The February contract expires on Feb. 25 .
Earlier , February gold hit an intraday high of $ 1,000.40 an ounce .
On Thursday , the Dow industrials finished at 7,465.95 , down 89.68 points to end at the weakest level since Oct. 9 , 2002 .
" The price slide of U.S. equities , with the Dow Jones Industrial Average falling to its lowest level since October 2002 , should result in a continued positive mood of investors on gold , " according to Eugen Weinberg , an analyst at Commerzbank .
Also on Globex Friday , March silver futures rose 55 cents , or 4 % , to $ 14.49 an ounce , and April platinum futures gained $ 13.60 , or 1.8 % , to $ 1,095.70 an ounce .
March palladium futures fell 5 cents , while March copper futures fell 6 cents , or 3.9 % , to $ 1.42 a pound .
What 's next for gold ?
With markets lacking a clear direction since the passage of the U.S. economic - stimulus and bank - rescue plans , many analysts see a short - term return to risk aversion , which should continue to benefit gold .
" However , we expect a short period of consolidation before prices embark on a test of the all - time high at $ 1033.90 , " said Tom Pawlicki , precious metals analyst at MF Global .
Study Reports Anal Sex on Rise Among Teens Experts say as social morales ease , more youths are trying anal sex .
Dec. 10 , 2008  -- Carry -- a Colorado college student who had been in a steady relationship for months -- was recently cajoled by her boyfriend into some sexual experimentation .
He wanted to try anal sex , and even though the 20 - year - old said she was " OK with the idea , " she nervously downed several drinks before their lovemaking began .
Within 15 seconds , Carry -- not her real name -- said she was " crying and asking him to stop . "
They never did it again .
But experts say that as social mores ease , more young heterosexuals are engaging in anal sex , a behavior once rarely mentioned in polite circles .
And the experimentation , they worry , may be linked to the current increase in sexually transmitted diseases .
Recently , researchers at the Bradley Hasbro Children 's Research Center in Rhode Island suggested that anal sex is on the rise among teens and young adults , particularly those who have unprotected vaginal sex .
Experts say girls and young women like Carry are often persuaded to try such sexual behavior for the wrong reasons -- to please a partner , to have sex without the risk of pregnancy or to preserve their virginity .
But many do n't understand the health consequences .
" It really is shocking how many myths young people have about anal sex , " said Judy Kuriansky , a Columbia University professor and author of " Sexuality Education : Past Present and Future . "
" They do n't think you can get a disease from it because you 're not having intercourse , " she told ABCNews.com .
" They can actually recite by rote how you get AIDS , but it does n't transfer to their personal behavior . "
The study included a comprehensive questionnaire about adolescent sexual and other risk behaviors .
The participants self - reported their answers , which scientists say can skew the results in this type of study .
To compensate , researchers used audio computer - assisted self - interview technology , allowing participants to enter their responses directly into a computer , rather than having to report to an interviewer .
" Given the subject matter , it is likely that the numbers reported may actually be an underestimate of the prevalence of these behaviors , " said Celia Lescano of Brown University , the Bradley Hasbro study 's lead author .
More than one - third of new HIV infections in the United States occur among people between the ages of 13 and 29 and can be attributed to the mind - set among youth that they are not at risk of contracting the virus , according to the Kaiser Foundation .
Young Women at Risk
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention also report that young women , especially those of minority races or ethnicities , are increasingly at risk for HIV infection through heterosexual contact .
They are biologically vulnerable , do n't recognize their partners ' risk factors and are often unequal in relationships .
And when women engage in anal sex , tissue may tear , more readily causing direct blood exposure to infected fluids .
" There is no doubt that teens lack information about STDs and the safety of different behaviors and they they are engaging in more sexual experimentation , " Lescano told ABCNews.com .
" That is why studies like these are so important to conduct , " she said .
" We need to know what teens do and do not know , what behaviors they are engaging in , and what information we need to provide to them so that they can make decisions that will help protect their sexual health . "
Even though the topic of anal sex is often considered taboo , Lescano urges " open discussion " of its consequences in doctor 's offices , within sexual relationships and with parents .
Anecdotally , young adults confirm the reports of a rise in anal sex , including the perception that it is safe .
" I know some teens who did it just to try , and some who did n't have a condom available , " said one 18 - year - old Californian who did not want her name used .
" I think that it 's less taboo simply because people are more open to trying new things , " said her 23 - year - old sister .
" The younger crowd might be scared by the idea of getting pregnant , so they assume it 's safer . "
" It takes a great amount of trust to try something new with somebody that you may or may not like , " she said .
" I 'd consider it if there was a ring on my finger .
Otherwise , I feel I 'd be losing some of my dignity as a woman . "
One recent graduate of a New England college said one of her classmates was a " hard - core " Catholic who was rumored to have engaged in risky behavior .
" She only had anal sex with her boyfriend until they were married because that technically kept her a virgin , " said the 25 - year - old who wanted to remain anonymous .
Indeed , another well - publicized 2005 study using data from the National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health found that teenagers who take " virginity pledges " were more likely to engage in oral or anal sex than nonpledging teens and less likely to use condoms once they became sexually active .
STDs Same for Pledgers , Nonpledgers
Conducted by researchers at Yale and Columbia universities , the study found that although teens who made the pledges had sex later than those who had not pledged and had fewer partners overall , both groups had similar rates of sexually transmitted diseases .
In the Hasbro study , females who had anal sex were more likely to be living with their partners , to have two or more sexual partners and to have previously experienced coerced intercourse .
Males who engaged in this behavior were more likely to identify themselves as being homosexual , bisexual or undecided .
" These findings suggest that the factors associated with anal intercourse among females in the study relate to the context and power balance of sexual relationships , " Lescano said .
" We must teach teen girls and young women how to be assertive in sexual relationships , such as refusing unwanted sexual acts and negotiating for safer sex , whether it 's anal or vaginal . "
Megan Carpentier , who writes about politics and women for Jezebel.com , said girls negotiating with boys for their attention is as old as time .
" Young women are concerned as much about being liked and loved as getting pleasure out of sex , " Carpentier , 31 , told ABCNews.com .
" It certainly was going on when I was in high school : ' Do this if you love me . ' "
" Putting it out there -- either oral or anal -- is not a consolation prize , " she said .
" You are giving up something . "
Carpentier said the dismantling of comprehensive sex education programs in the public schools is to blame for teen ignorance about the hazards of anal sex .
And it is unrealistic to expect doctors to talk to teens about this touchy topic .
" How many times do teens go to a pediatrician , not a gynecologist ? " she said .
" And when I was 18 , my mother was still in the room . "
According to the Journal of Adolescent Health , rising rates of anal sex among teens is reflected in the general adult population where anal sex rates have doubled since 1995 .
" Somewhere around 2004 - 2005 an overused , initially funny and hard - to - attribute quote proclaimed that ' anal sex is the new black , ' " wrote sexuality educator Cory Silverberg on About.com .
Pornography Fuels Sexual Interest
Anal sex statistics indicate that a generational change has occurred , where people born in the 1980s and later may be more comfortable admitting to or showing interest in anal sex .
Silverberg attributes interest in the behavior among heterosexuals , in part , to the proliferation of pornography in the 1990s .
" I have been having sex for only 12 years , so I do n't know if it was just something I did n't talk about when younger , " said Tracie Egan , 29 , who writes about sex and pop culture for Jezebel.com .
As with other sex trends , girls are more open to experimentation because pornography has become so easily accessible on Web sites like XTube and YouPorn , she said .
" Porn makes people more adventurous with their sex acts , " Egan said .
" Anal sex is sort of always considered the last frontier , pushing the envelope . "
Raised in the 1990s , Egan was exposed to sex - laden MTV , documentaries on gay lifestyles and television shows like " Sex and the City . "
" We were raised in a different way , " she said .
Girls of her generation , the so - called third wave of feminism , she said , were able to have sex with multiple partners and could detach themselves " socially and emotionally . "
Still , Egan said that when she had anal sex with a boyfriend for the first time at 26 , she was drunk , used no condom -- they were monogamous -- and did n't even know how to clean herself .
" Lack of sex education in school is really bothersome to me , " she said .
" Even I do n't know about a lot of the biological issues . "
Columbia 's Kuriansky , author of " Generation Sex , " has been hearing questions about anal sex from her college students for at least a decade .
" Is anything wrong with having anal sex ? " is the most common one .
" No , " she tells them .
" Except if you 're forced into it or can't enjoy sex any other way . "
Another question she often hears is : " If I want it , or like it , does it mean I 'm gay ? "
" Not necessarily , " she answers .
Girls Now Express Interest in Anal Sex
What 's changed in this decade is girls are now expressing an interest .
" On college campuses it 's escalated , " Kuriansky said .
" There 's more talk , more books , more videos . "
One speaker on the college circuit -- Tristan Taormino , author of " The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women " -- is gaining new ground with young women .
But , Kuriansky said , with fewer educational media outlets and less sex education , young girls are clueless about hygiene , possible bladder or vaginal infections and life - threatening diseases like AIDS .
" We are more open , but there 's less information , " Kuriansky said .
" There are real myths and real efforts to be cool and people running around saying how great it is . "
" But it 's not just rubbing elbows , " she said .
" Anal sex is a serious public problem . "
A man is no less a slave because he is allowed to choose a new master once in a term of years .
~ Lysander Spooner
Critical decisions , based purely on emotions , at the expense of reason , are at the very least , dangerous in the extreme .
The emotional hysteria involving the coronation of our new president is frightening indeed and should be seen by those who truly believe in the Bill of Rights , especially the Second Amendment ( 2A ) , as a gathering storm .
This type of intense worship and adulation for a statist leader has not been witnessed since the 1930s in Europe .
The deck is stacked against liberty and personal freedom : the President is anti-gun , the Vice - President is anti-gun , the Speaker of the House of Representatives is anti-gun , the Senate Majority leader is anti-gun , the Attorney General is anti-gun , as is the majority of congress .
The group that claims it protects our 2A freedoms , the NRA , has compromised citizens into a terribly weak position as concerns our 2A rights .
A staunch supporter of the NRA wrote the following when I confronted him with evidence of support by NRA leadership for multiple infringements of the very freedoms the NRA claims to defend .
" In your examples , I ’m dubious that Baker and LaPierre really believed what they were saying .
Political BS , trying to keep the votes lined up .
Doing their own con-job efforts on Congressional neutrals . "
How can anyone justify supporting an NRA leadership that lies ?
Can anyone be sure whom else these leaders have lied to , and for what reason ?
Have they also lied to their members about supporting 2A ?
This same reader stated the NRA could not support Congressman Ron Paul ( A+ GOA rating ) for president because he did not have a chance at winning and instead supported Senator John McCain who had an F — rating on 2A issues as rated by Gun Owners of America .
Is it not completely obvious that the NRA cares more about being on the winning ( republican ) team than it does about defending the 2A ?
Money sent to these traitors would be better spent on ammo .
What should frighten everyone about the NRA is their enthusiastic support for a federal agency ( BATFE ) , an agency that perpetrated a raid on innocent men , women and children at Waco that led to the deaths of over 75 members of that church , including 21 children , and then lied to Congress about the particulars of that raid .
The agency claimed the raid was necessary to protect the well - being of the children the state eventually killed .
The BATFE has taught its agents to perjure themselves in court , has declared a shoestring to be a machine gun , and routinely abuses citizens in their homes and businesses .
Republicans , do n’t even start blaming the loss of freedoms on those " damn liberals . "
You supported a candidate for president with a terrible record on supporting the Bill of Rights , ignoring the only candidate ( Ron Paul ) who stands for everything you claim to believe in .
You continued in your support for a criminal administration just because they called themselves " conservative " and you could align yourself with a " winner . "
You supported mass murder in Iraq and Afghanistan and the seizing of freedoms in this country in the name of " security . "
Your support of this continuing madness led to the massive emotional turnout for the Chi Town Hustler .
If you are looking for sympathy , it falls between shame and syphilis in the dictionary .
I believe there to be no political solution to the infringements on our liberty by the tyrannical state .
Money sent to organizations that basically pay elected representatives to honor their oaths to the Constitution is money wasted .
Now , for the scenario that will precede a rush to confiscate all weapons presently in the hands of American citizens : history tells us that first a madman , who has been previously diagnosed with mental problems , who is taking legal , across the counter , mind - altering drugs , will enter a " gun-free zone " and kill a large number of innocent people .
The attack must take place in a gun- free zone to enable the madman to kill as many as possible without encountering anyone with the ability to stop him , otherwise the desired number of deaths could not be obtained , and if someone were to be armed and shoot the madman , other than an employee of the state , it would support private , individual possession of firearms , exactly the opposite of the state ’s desired effect .
Second , the firearm (s ) will have been obtained through currently legal channels .
If the firearm were to be illegally obtained , or stolen , it would not support the state ’s case for shutting down legal sales .
Third , the perpetrator of this death and mayhem will promptly commit suicide ; this precludes any investigation into true motives or possible accomplices .
The MSM will then repeatedly show scenes of this crime in order to bring about the most intense emotional response from Boobus .
There will be weeping , wailing and gnashing of teeth and demands for immediate action by the state .
Congress will immediately consider and pass gun control legislation that has been previously written and simply awaiting this event , claiming again this legislation is absolutely necessary and will make us all safer .
It is my sincere hope the above never happens , but history and the current emotional climate in this country does not support my desires .
Take advantage of this window in time to prepare yourself for the coming storm .
The Best of Michael Gaddy
EDIT : logilab .
pylininstaller is now deprecated , since Logilab made Pylint easy_installable now .
So , just call : easy_install pylint .
I love Pylint .
Correctly configured , it is really useful to raise your code quality .
But it can be really painful to install if you are not under a Debian - like or OpenSuse - like system , because of its dependencies that are not namespaced packages ( logilab - common and logilab - astng ) .
In other words , do n’t try to easy_install the packages that are on PyPI , it will not work .
That ’s why I have created an egg , called logilab .
pylintinstaller , that will let you install it as easy as :
$ easy_install logilab.pylintinstaller
It bundles all dependencies and grabs pylint 0.14 , then installs everything .
Thanks to Sylvain Thénault from Logilab for his help on this .
With the recent opening of the Computer and Video Games Archive on campus , University students now can study video games at the library .
Or just play them .
The archive , located on the second floor of the Duderstadt Center , is home to the University 's collection of 20 video game systems and about 400 video games .
It officially opened last week , but will hold its grand opening event in mid-November .
“ We ’re trying to foster and support academic inquiry into the field of video games , ” said David Carter , the archive ’s founder .
Carter said the archive had been in the works for about two years .
He said he received encouragement from colleagues and faculty when telling them of the idea .
That support , he said , signaled that " the time was right to get something like this off the ground . ”
Video game sales in 2007 would seem to back that claim , too .
Last year , U.S. video game sales totaled more than $ 9.5 billion , a figure that has more than tripled since 1996 , according to the Entertainment Software Association .
The ESA also found that 65 percent of American households had at least one person who played video games regularly .
College of Engineering Prof. John Laird , who teaches a course on computer game design , said video games may not have the same cultural following that literature or film do , but they represent an increasingly popular form of entertainment .
This trend , he said , partially explains why the University would create such a library .
Professors from an array of departments — including Communication Studies , Screen Arts and Cultures and Art and Design — supported the archive in its infant stages .
“ I thought it sounded great , ” said Catherine Soehner , director of the Art , Architecture and Engineering Library .
She first learned of the proposal when she became the library ’s director in May 2007 .
Soehner said the library wanted to support “ academic inquiry including but not limited to programming and technology , artistic and literary expression , social and cultural impact , instruction and education . ”
Soehner said she “ never met any resistance at all , " when garnering feedback on the archive .
" It was just explaining it , ” she said .
While the archive ’s primary purpose is academic , it is also open to students for recreation .
Its hours are currently limited to weekdays from 1 to 4 p.m. as staffers continue to set up the facility and wait for more equipment to arrive .
With the exception of handheld systems and games — both of which are currently unavailable — students wo n't be able to rent materials from the archive .
There has been no effort to advertise the archive yet , and it has had few patrons .
Only about 10 people per day to stop by to check out the archive 's collection .
Once traffic picks up , the library will use a reservation system , with priority going to researchers .
Rackham student Sarah Raezler also said they hope to hold tournaments at the archive in the future .
Engineering freshmen Yang Wang said he hoped a club of World of Warcraft enthusiasts would form in response to the archive ’s opening .
“ I think that it ’s wonderful , ” he said .
Carter said about $ 40,000 of existing library funds have been spent to open the archive .
Of that total , about half was spent to renovate the archive room and half was spent on the video games .
The archive 's annual budget , $ 10,000 , will allow it to acquire just over a dozen games a month if no other equipment is purchased .
Because of budget limits , Carter said , the archive will focus on games with cultural and critical significance .
But , archive officials intend to have a broad representation of the variety of video games available .
“ There ’s something to be learned from looking at bad games , ” Carter said with a chuckle .
Hits like Guitar Hero III , Smash Brothers Melee , and Halo 3 are currently on the archive 's shelf , along with classic systems like the Atari 2600 and the Nintendo Entertainment System .
Lesser - known games like Kung Fu Fly Catcher for the Coleco Head to Head are also available .
The archive is seeking donations for games , systems and money , as well as grants to expand its collection .
Along with supporting academic inquiry , archive administrators are focused on preservation of the games and systems .
“ We called it an ‘ archive ’ rather consciously , ” Carter said .
“ We want to , as much as possible , try to preserve the original experience , playing games .
So when possible , be able to play it on the original equipment . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama administration backs
Bush , tries to kill ' lost '
White House emails lawsuit RAW STORY
Published : Sunday February 22 , 2009
Print This Email This Missing email includes day Cheney 's office told to preserve emails in CIA leak case WASHINGTON -- Welcome to change .
The Obama administration , siding with former President George W. Bush , is trying to kill a lawsuit that seeks to recover what could be millions of missing White House e-mails in a stunning reversal of Obama 's rhetoric about Bush secrecy on the campaign trail .
Two advocacy groups suing the Executive Office of the President , including one of the groups that helped derail former House Speaker Tom DeLay , say that large amounts of White House e-mail documenting Bush 's eight years in office may still be missing , and that the government must undertake an extensive recovery effort .
They expressed disappointment that Obama 's Justice Department is continuing the Bush administration 's bid to get the lawsuits dismissed .
During its first term , the Bush White House failed to install electronic record - keeping for e-mail when it switched to a new system , allegedly resulting in millions of messages that could not be found .
The Bush White House " discovered the problem " in 2005 and rejected a proposed solution .
The exact number of missing e-mails is unknown , but several days on which e-mails were not archived covered key dates in a Justice Department inquiry into the roles of Vice President Dick Cheney and his aides in leaking the identity of covert CIA agent Valerie Plame Wilson .
Ironically , Cheney 's office is missing emails from the very day President Bush told reporters he'd " take care of " whatever staff member had actually leaked the CIA agent 's name .
" If there is a leak out of my administration , I want to know who it is , " Bush said Sept. 30 , 2003 .
" And if the person has violated the law , the person will be taken care of . "
No e-mails were archived on the very day the probe was announced and White House officials were ordered to maintain anything that could become evidence in the investigation that ended the conviction of I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , Cheney 's former chief of staff , on perjury and obstruction of justice charges .
Emails are missing from at least some of 473 days of Bush 's presidency .
Powered by Mochila
With Associated Press and earlier reporting by Nick Juliano .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
" It was to provide an awareness to the public , which it has done , " Kanka said yesterday .
" We never said it would stop them from going somewhere else and sexually abusing . "
She added : " Would having that knowledge have made a difference for my daughter ?
Absolutely .
She 'd have been alive and well . "
I look forward to reading this monumental work .
The topic of elites stimulated this train of thought : yes , there are elites in every human culture ( and in the social apes as well ) .
But unlike a troop of chimps ruled by an alpha male , today 's elites cannot operate the vast complex structure of the the U.S. economy , government and society themselves .
They need hundreds of thousands of well - educated , hard - working people to believe in the system of meritocracy , justice , opportunity , etc. , people who will choose to invest their entire productive lives in sustaining the structure the elites influence / control .
Just to refresh our memory of just how complex the structure of The Powers That Be is , here is a chart I prepared last year :
The corollary to this structural need for highly motivated , dedicated people to work the gears is that if their belief in the machine fades , then the machine grinds to a halt .
In the Armed Forces , the key layer of staffing is in the middle : lieutenants , captains , chief petty officers , etc .
If those non-coms and junior officers leave the service , the Force is essentially gutted , regardless of the generals and admirals and high - tech weaponry and the valor of the recruits .
There is some evidence that just such a migration is occuring .
In a large law firm , the essential layer is the hungry - to - be - partner attorneys who labor insane hours for years , enriching their bosses as they pursue the carrot of " partner . "
In the retail world , it is the store managers and assistant managers who keep the store running smoothly .
In construction , it is the foremen / women and onsite supervisors who get the building built .
In every case , the person takes on the burdens in the belief that their career will be enhanced and they will make more money / gain more prestige .
Yes , we all understand this .
But they also must believe in the structural fairness , justice , opportunity , security , meritocracy , etc. of the machine they willingly serve -- even if their belief is subconscious or rarely in their conscious thoughts .
This belief is far more vulnerable than the Powers That Be seem to understand .
You see the alienation , the bitterness , the disbelief , in factory workers when the factory shuts down , and their livelihoods are gone -- and all too often , so too are the pension and benefits they were promised .
You see it in the face of an academic who worked long hours for years " on the tenure track , " carrying much of the department 's teaching load , when she / he is ultimately denied tenure .
Thank you for working for $ 40,000 a year for years alongside people doing the same work for twice the salary ; good night and good luck .
When the most dedicated servants of the system awaken to the realization that they are not benefitting from their service as they 'd once believed , that their near - religious faith in the System has been bruised by the grim knowledge that the few are benefitting from the lives and sacrifices of the many , then they simply quit , or move down the chain to an undemanding position .
You can still work in law without having to bill 80 hours a week .
You can resign your commission at 20 years and go live on a farm and leave all the headaches behind .
You can resign from the commissions and boards and " career - enhancing " stuff you 've crammed in after your regular hours .
You can refuse the offer of the position of supervisor , or manager , or head of sales , because you now see the extra pay and phony prestige is n't worth it .
In a way , a belief in the value , transparency , trust and reciprocity of the System is like a religious belief .
The converts , the true believers , are the ones who work like crazy for the company , or the Force or the firm .
And when the veil of illusion is tugged from their eyes , then the Believer does a reversal , and becomes a devout non-believer in the System .
He or she drops out , moves to a lower position , or " retires " to some lower level of employment .
One trigger of such destruction of belief in the worth of the System is the loss of a job or house -- an event I unfortunately anticipate will become very common .
" But do n't these people have to work to support their lifestyles ? "
Yes they do , until they realise they can live on half the money they thought they needed as an absolute minimum .
Not that most people choose this -- they find out via bankruptcy or being laid off , or by watching their buddies and friends getting laid off ( or killed / wounded ) around them .
Their belief in the goodness and reciprocity of the System -- that if you work hard and keep your nose clean , we 're gonna take good care of you -- fades and then dies .
Immigrants are by self - selection believers , and the rise from poverty to relative wealth they see around them offers visible proof that sacrificing one 's productive life for the System is rewarding .
But once you 've reached the plateau of relative wealth , then the proposition becomes contingent on exactly what happens to you and your family .
If your kids all get advanced degrees and they can't find a decent job in their chosen profession , then you start wondering .
If you get laid off , despite your decades of selfless service , then you start wondering .
If you get passed over in favor of some brown - noser , you start wondering .
And then you realize you do n't have to work 60 hours a week , or live in a big house .
An apartment works just fine , and 40 hours a week is enough .
Let somebody else step up and take all the heat and the guff and the never - catch - up endlessness of the work .
At that point -- a point I anticipate will come to pass in the next 5 - 10 years -- then the elites ' machine grinds to a crawl .
People do n't have to throw their bodies on the gears of the machine -- they just have to stop believing , stop taking that promotion , and stop wanting to trade their entire lives for a thin slice of more more more .
If that day comes , then the social contract will have to be rewritten , or an entirely new set of elites will have to emerge with a new social contract which people are willing to believe and trust .
Permalink to this entry
Some 50 of you have been kind enough to donate money to the site this year , including several who have been so outrageously generous as to donate twice or even three times ; many others donated last year and graciously donated again this year .
These 50 contributors in 2008 are approximately 1 % of regular readers .
To those in the 99 % who have been unable / unmoved to donate : you are bringing something of great value every time you visit : your time and your minds .
Thank you for your readership .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
Feb 10 , 2009  -- Chicago would seem to be on quite a roll these days .
The city is a leading contender to host the Summer Olympics in 2016 .
The hometown Cubs had the most wins of any team in the National League last year and are one of the early favorites to win the 2009 World Series .
And , of course , one of its own just became the most powerful person in the world ( we 're not talking about Oprah either , but she 's close ) .
So with all of the good vibes coming out of Chicago , how does it show up as the third worst city on our second annual list of America 's Most Miserable Cities ?
Lousy weather , long commutes , rising unemployment and the highest sales tax rate in the country are to blame for the Windy City being near the top of our list .
High rates of corruption by public officials did n't help either .
Click here to learn more America 's 10 most miserable cities at our partner site , Forbes.com .
Misery was up around the country in 2008 .
Market meltdowns , bank blowups and bailouts and cratering home prices often overshadowed the incredibly positive stories of 2008 like the Beijing Summer Games and the historic election of Barack Obama .
The highly watched Misery Index spiked as the unemployment rate plus the inflation rate surged to 9.6 in 2008 , up from 7.5 the previous year .
It was the highest annual level since 1993 .
Our own Forbes Misery Measure saw a shuffling of the deck among the top 10 cities , with five new candidates getting a failing grade this year .
Topping the charts is Stockton , Calif. , which was the runner - up on our list last year .
The Most Miserable City
Stockton ranks in the bottom seven in four of the nine categories we looked at : commute times , income tax rates , unemployment and violent crime .
Only New York City has a higher income tax rate than what Stockton , and all California residents , are forced to pay .
Stockton was ground zero for the housing boom and now the subsequent bust .
Home prices more than tripled between 1998 and 2005 and then came crashing down last year .
Stockton had the country 's highest foreclosure rate last year at 9.5 % , according to RealtyTrac , an online marketer of foreclosed property .
Things are not looking much brighter in 2009 as housing prices are expected to fall another 36 % on the heels of a 39 % drop in 2008 .
Also , unemployment is expected to jump to 13.3 % from 10.4 % , according to economic research firm Moody's Economy.com .
" We are engaging the entire community and encouraging everyone to get involved and help us find solutions that meet the needs of our community , " says Stockton Mayor Ann Johnston .
" Volunteerism is encouraged , looking out for your neighbor , and taking personal responsibility where individuals can make a difference .
We are partnering with all community organizations -- schools , churches , non-profits -- to provide support services and help individuals and families get through these difficult times . "
We compiled our rankings by looking at the 150 largest metropolitan statistical areas in the U.S. , which meant those with a population of at least 378,000 .
We ranked those metros on nine factors : commute times , corruption , pro sports teams , Superfund sites , taxes ( both income and sales ) , unemployment , violent crime and weather .
For this year 's ranking , we added the corruption component .
We used the criminal conviction of government officials in each area over the past decade as compiled by the Public Integrity Section of the Department of Justice .
This division of the Justice Department was created in 1976 to focus on " crimes involving abuses of the public trust by government officials . "
A Little Corruption Problem
The U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Northern District of Illinois , which includes Chicago , has been very busy in recent years .
They convicted 385 public officials of crimes over the past decade , a per capita rate that puts it in the bottom third of big U.S. metros .
The Northern District office boasts of recent successful prosecutions , including " a corrupt former governor of Illinois , Chicago officials who rigged city hiring , individuals who lied about their support of foreign terrorism , corporate executives who cheated public shareholders and traditional organized - crime bosses who were responsible for notorious murders . "
Illinois ' record of public corruption , particularly in the governor 's office , is staggering .
Five of the past nine governors have been charged with crimes , and three , as of now , have served time in prison .
Whether former Gov. Blagojevich will do any jail time is still to be determined .
The misery in Chicago runs much deeper than just corruption , though .
Unemployment is expected to surge to 9.2 % in 2009 , up from 6.6 % .
The Tribune Co. is mired in bankruptcy , while big local employers like Midway Games , Motorola and the University of Chicago Medical Center have all announced big layoffs .
Residents have been showing their dissatisfaction with Chicago with their feet , perhaps fed up by the average low temperature of 17 degrees in January .
There has been a net migration of people out of Chicago for seven straight years , a trend that is expected to continue .
And for all of the recent success of the lovable Cubs , last year marked the 100th straight season without a World Series championship .
The title drought is 40 % longer than any other major professional sports team .
Memphis Blues
Sandwiched between Stockton and Chicago is Memphis , Tenn .
The home of FedEx has an incredibly high rate of violent crimes , with only Detroit faring worse .
The 1,218 violent crimes per 100,000 residents is more than twice the rate in the New York City metro area .
The city 's sales tax and rate of government employees committing crimes also fall within the 10 highest in the U.S.
Pro sports has been a mess in Memphis in recent years as well .
The city 's lone major franchise , the Memphis Grizzlies , has lost 74 % of its games during the past three years , the worst in the NBA .
Detroit relinquished its 2007 crown of most miserable city despite a memorable 2008 that included a jailed mayor , the further deterioration of the auto industry and the NFL 's first zero - win , 16 - loss season .
The Motor City benefited from our revised criteria this year ( we added sales tax and sports teams in addition to corruption ) .
Its 6 % sales tax is one of the lowest in the country .
The success of Detroit 's winter sports teams more than offset the ineptitude of the Lions .
The Red Wings and Pistons won two - thirds of their games , including a Stanley Cup title for the Wings .
In Pictures : America 's 10 Most Miserable Cities
Last month we reported that Warner Music Group was using YouTube ’s Content I.D. ( aka Video I.D. ) tool to effectively censor myriad fair uses .
We asked people to contact us if they needed legal help and put up a YouTube removal primer to give folks information about their options .
As a result we ’ve seen beautiful film montages set to music , videos to assist the hearing impaired , and many other examples of amazing artistic talent that have been censored by Warner Music .
But it turns out the problem is even worse than we thought .
One way to check Warner ’s abuse is for fair users to challenge improper Content I.D. takedowns .
But very few are willing to do so , because they are afraid of the consequences .
Why are people scared ?
Because our broken copyright system leaves them facing the prospect of paying outrageous statutory damages and even possibly Warner 's attorneys ' fees if they stand up , fight back and , despite overwhelming odds in their favor , lose .
It ’s a gamble with their life savings that most people just are n’t willing to take , even when their works are clear fair uses and even if EFF gives them free legal help .
Of course , it ’s hardly in the interest of a copyright owner to sue a creator who has engaged in an obvious fair use .
In fact , we ’re not aware of any content owner ever suing an individual YouTube user over a remix video .
And since Warner is taking the videos down sight unseen , there ’s no indication Warner actually objects to any particular video .
So these creative , beautiful works are simply collateral damage in Warner ’s negotiation with YouTube over revenue sharing .
Thus , the Content I.D. tool , in the hands of a careless copyright owner , has helped create the worst of all worlds : incredibly easy takedowns on one side , and an intimidating put - back procedure that seems to invite legal risk on the other .
While YouTube is partially at fault for giving Warner this censorship - friendly Content ID tool , it ’s time for Warner to take some responsibility and stop the censorship .
The best thing for Warner to do is to go back to how it treated videos before .
The Content ID system should be set to flag possible infringing works and then Warner should have a human review those works before they are taken down .
This is , after all , what Viacom ( not exactly a softie on copyright issues ) does .
At a minimum , Warner should reassure legitimate fair users who want to notify them when the ID tool is overblocking .
Specifically , Warner should promise that no one will be sued for simply filing a " dispute " on a Content I.D. takedown .
Even after a " dispute " is filed , Warner has the option of using a DMCA takedown notice to target videos that it really objects to , so Warner should give YouTubers comfort by saying they wo n't escalate straight to lawsuit after a " dispute " filing , without first availing themselves of their DMCA takedown option .
In the meantime , though , we still want to hear from folks who have been targeted by Warner , because if Warner does n’t stop on its own we still want to intervene in this fight .
Before you contact us , take a look at our YouTube removal primer , but if you made a fair use video and you want to fight back , we want to hear from you .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
A few days ago Dianne Feinstein got into a little bit of trouble for admitting in public that the U.S. drones used to attack terrorist bases in Pakistan are launched from within Pakistan itself .
Since the Pakistani government officially opposes the American attacks , they were none too happy about this — and Feinstein later backtracked , saying that she was just repeating something that had been previously reported in the Washington Post .
The News , an English - language newspaper in Pakistan , decided to dig up the truth , so they went to the best source they could find : Google Earth .
Two pictures of an unidentified flying strip in Balochistan — bearing the coordinates 27 degrees 51 minutes North , 65 degrees and 10 minutes East — prove that Pakistani ground was being used , at least until 2006 .
Both the pictures are still available on Google Earth , which maps every corner of the world through a satellite and internet users can zoom in to see every detail , even cars parked in front of their drive ways … .
The first picture of the drones on the Pakistani soil , taken in 2006 , has three drones , all Global Hawks .
Later , the London Times got into the act and identified the location as Shamsi airfield .
They also reported that the drones were n’t Global Hawk reconnaissance craft at all .
Most likely they ’re Predators armed with laser - guided Hellfire missiles :
The Google Earth image now suggests that the US began launching Predators from Shamsi — built by Arab sheiks for falconry trips — at least three years ago ….
Damian Kemp , an aviation editor with Jane ’s Defence Weekly , said that the three drones in the image appeared to have wingspans of 48 - 50 ft .
“ The wingspan of an MQ1 Predator A model is 55 ft .
On this basis it is possible that these are Predator - As , ” he said .
“ They are certainly not RQ - 4A Global Hawks ( which have a wingspan of 116ft 2in ) . ”
As you can see , the drones were kept outdoors in 2006 , but now appear to be stored inside the newly built hangar shown in the bottom right of the 2009 photo .
So that ’s that : it turns out that drones are being launched from Pakistan , just like Feinstein said .
And our deepest military secrets ?
They ’re nothing compared to the power of Teh Google .
You have been warned .
Ratings Results for the Week of February 15th – Dollhouse Sinking
By John J. Joex
After a less than promising start a week ago , Dollhouse ’s second outing did nothing to improve the show ’s prospects as it pulled only a 1.7 rating in the 18 - 49 demographic and 4.2 million total viewers .
You would think that the executioner would start sharpening its axes at this , but perhaps not just yet .
The show still gets a little leeway since it runs on Fridays , and it did make it to number one on the iTunes television downloads list this past week .
Dollhouse still has a chance at this point if its numbers do not continue to head south ( the blog A TV Calling presents four reasons the show still has a chance for renewal ) .
The prospects for The Sarah Connor Chronicles are not so good as it lost viewers in the 18 - 49 demo on its second Friday outing ( thought it gained a bit in total viewers ) .
This show does n’t have the goodwill factor Dollhouse currently holds and seems destined for the chopping block .
The news was not great for Chuck this week , either .
That show lost four tenths of a ratings point and over 1.5 million viewers from the last time it aired two weeks ago .
Another week like that and I will be bumping up the Cancellation Threat .
The numbers for Heroes stayed mostly the same week over week holding on to the same rating in the 18 - 49 demo and only losing a small number of total viewers .
Medium improved on its numbers from last week edging up to a 2.8 rating and almost nine million total viewers .
Lost did not have to contend with American Idol and its numbers rebounded this week pulling viewership close to what it had for its season premiere .
The bad news is that starting on March 11th , FOX will move Idol to the 9 PM EST slot as it heads into the finals where the two shows will battle it out for the rest of the season .
Still , even though that will siphon off a chunk of the show ’s viewers , Lost need not fear for its future .
The DVD sales for the recently released Season 4 set alone have already pulled in a mint for ABC , so they wo n’t give up on it at this point .
Wednesday night bottom feeders Knight Rider and Life on Mars received little encouragement this week .
True , they both saw a slight increase in their 18 - 49 ratings , but it was nothing that might suggest a resurgence of viewers .
Knight Rider wraps up its original episodes this Wednesday , and I ’m still expecting ABC to pull Life on Mars from the schedule at any time ( remember , this was the network that yanked The Night Stalker in 2005 during the middle of a two - part episode ) .
On CBS , new episodes of The Mentalist and The Eleventh Hour held steady and a repeat of The Ghost Whisperer stomped The Sarah Connor Chronicles .
The CW will remain on repeats until March .
Ratings Results :
Title Day / Time ( EST ) Network Rating ( Viewers 18 - 49 ) Timeslot Rank Total Viewers ( Millions ) Jericho ( R ) Sunday / 7 PM CW 0.3 5th 0.81 Chuck Monday / 8 PM NBC 2.3 4th 6.75 Heroes Monday / 9 PM NBC 3.6 3rd 7.75 Medium Monday / 10 PM NBC 2.8 2nd 8.94 The Mentalist Tuesday / 9 PM CBS 3.8 3rd 18.27 Fringe Tuesday / 9 PM FOX Pre -Empted n/a n/a Knight Rider Wednesday / 8 PM NBC 1.5 4th 5.49 Lost Wednesday / 9 PM ABC 5.1 1st 11.27 Life on Mars Wednesday / 10 PM ABC 2.1 2nd 5.78 Smallville ( R ) Thursday / 8 PM CW 0.9 5th 2.28 Supernatural ( R ) Thursday / 9 PM CW 0.8 5th 1.97 Eleventh Hour Thursday / 10 PM CBS 2.7 2nd 11.23 Ghost Whisperer ( R ) Friday / 8 PM CBS 1.9 1st 8.35 The Sarah Connor Chronicles Friday / 8 PM FOX 1.3 3rd 3.84 Dollhouse Friday / 9 PM FOX 1.7 2nd 4.22
Title % Chg from Prior Wk % Chg from Lead - In Cancell - ation Alert Jericho ( R ) 50.0 % n/a n/a Chuck n/a n/a Moderate Heroes 0.0 % 16.1 % Low Medium 3.7 % - 22.2 % Low The Mentalist - 9.5 % 2.7 % Low Fringe n/a n/a Low Knight Rider 15.4 % n/a High Lost 15.9 % 168.4 % Low Life on Mars 5.0 % - 58.8 % High Smallville ( R ) 0.0 % n/a Low Supernatural ( R ) 0.0 % - 11.1 % Low Eleventh Hour 0.0 % - 38.6 % Moderate Ghost Whisperer ( R ) - 20.8 % n/a Low The Sarah Connor Chronicles - 7.1 % n/a High Dollhouse - 15.0 % 30.8 % Moderate
The Timeslot Rank , and % Change from Prior Week and Lead - In columns are based on the rating in the 18 - 49 demographic .
The Cancellation Alert column is based on season to date performance and my assessment of how likely the network is to cancel the show .
TVbytheNumbers.com also provides their Renew / Cancel Index which tracks the likelihood of cancellation on a weekly basis .
Recent Posts from Axiom ’s Edge Science Fiction and Fantasy :
A study funded by NASA has flagged up yet another terrible hazard for those no longer able to get excited about nuclear war , global pandemics , terrorism , climate change , economic meltdown and asteroid strike .
Top space brainboxes say that even if the human race survives all those , there is a serious risk of civilisation being brought crashing to its knees by a sudden high - intensity solar radiation storm .
Beware the space equivalent of Hurricane Katrina .
The new study , carried out for NASA by the US National Academy of Sciences , might tickle the palate of even the most jaded disaster connoisseur .
" Whether it is terrestrial catastrophes or extreme space weather incidents , the results can be devastating to modern societies that depend in a myriad of ways on advanced technological systems , " says Professor Daniel Baker of Colorado Uni , an expert in atmospheric and space physics who led the report 's authors .
In essence , the report , which can be downloaded in pdf here ( free registration required ) says that sooner or later there will be a solar storm much more powerful than any seen so far in the age of high technology .
Such events have occurred in the past , but as the human race then had very basic electrical power grids ( or none at all ) and made no use of satellites , it did n't matter .
The next space radiation biggy , however , will hit a human civilisation which is becoming more and more dependent on satellites for essential communication and navigation tasks , and whose electrical grids are much more widespread and heavily stressed .
The impact of a bad geomagnetic spike would be somewhat as though an unbelievably powerful electromagnetic pulse bomb - of the sort favoured by movie villains but not yet available - had gone off :
While a severe storm is a low - frequency - of - occurrence event , it has the potential for long - duration catastrophic impacts to the power grid and its users .
Impacts would be felt on interdependent infrastructures , with , for example , potable water distribution affected within several hours ; perishable foods and medications lost in about 12 - 24 hours ; and immediate or eventual loss of heating / air conditioning , sewage disposal , phone service , transportation , fuel resupply , and so on ...
Open access on the transmission system has fostered the transport of large amounts of energy across the power system in order to maximize the economic benefit of delivering the lowest - cost energy to areas of demand .
The magnitude of power transfers has grown , and the risk is that the increased level of transfers , coupled with multiple equipment failures , could worsen the impacts of a storm event ...
In summary , present U.S. grid operational procedures ... are unlikely to be adequate for historically large disturbance events .
The impact on satellites would be even more severe , as spacecraft have less shielding from the Earth 's atmosphere - and in some cases from the magnetosphere .
In particular , the present Global Positioning System ( GPS ) sat constellation , used by almost every navigation system in the world , is regarded as highly vulnerable to a solar event - though new satellites are to go up shortly equipped with a backup signal which will allow errors to be bowled out .
In general , however , the assembled brainboxes considered that a solar event was a much greater threat to essential space infrastructure than any evil foreign power - for instance - could possibly be .
The US military has previously warned of the risk of a " space Pearl Harbour " - a devastating surprise attack against America 's space presence , which could leave the world 's sole superpower blinded and crippled .
According to the National Academy , though , the USA should forget about a space Pearl Harbour and worry instead about " a space Katrina , a storm that we should have been prepared for but were not " .
The report mentions technological solutions to most of these possible ills , but says that they mostly are n't in place ( apart from the GPS alterations ) .
According to Richard Fisher , head of NASA 's Heliophysics division :
" To mitigate possible public safety issues , it is vital that we better understand extreme space weather events caused by the sun 's activity . " ®
The plane crashed near Milton , Florida , close to several homes A US businessman suspected of faking his own death in a plane crash is in custody after he was found alive at a Florida camping ground .
Marcus Schrenker , accused of stealing millions from investors , was treated in hospital for self - inflicted cuts .
He was semi-conscious and apparently resisting first aid when found .
It is thought he parachuted out of his company aeroplane after making a fake distress call , leaving the plane to crash in north - western Florida .
The Indiana businessman was arrested on Tuesday night at a campsite in Quincy , northern Florida .
Police officer Frank Chiumento said Mr Schrenker had a self - inflicted gash to his left wrist and a puncture wound near his elbow .
Both were thought to be self - inflicted but investigations were continuing , he told ABC's Good Morning America programme .
He was quoted by Associated Press as saying the wrist injury which was " very serious at the time , " and required medical attention as he was " bleeding profusely . "
Mr Chiumento told ABC that Mr Schrenker was drifting in and out of consciousness and spoke to police as they tried to help him .
" He muttered ' die ' at one time , as if to say that he did n't want the first aid that we were rendering to him . "
The 38 - year - old , who had already been ordered by a court to pay out $ 533,500 ( £ 366,500 ) , faces a possible jail sentence if found guilty on charges of securities fraud .
His wife , Michelle , has filed for divorce , saying that Marcus Schrenker was having an affair .
Stashed motorbike Mr Schrenker was the only person aboard a single engine Piper plane that took off for Florida on Sunday from Anderson , Indiana .
When the authorities received a distress call from the pilot as he flew over Alabama , a rescue operation was launched .
Two military planes were scrambled and they found Mr Schrenker 's plane flying on autopilot , with its door open and no sign of the pilot .
The plane then crashed in a swampy area near Milton , Florida , close to several homes .
But investigators said the wreckage showed no signs of blood or a smashed windshield .
The Indiana businessman is thought to have sped off on a motorcycle he had hidden in the pine barrens of central Alabama .
A man with Mr Schrenker 's identification apparently checked into a hotel in Alabama after the crash , telling police he had been in a canoeing accident , before being seen running away into nearby woods .
Investigators believe Mr Schrenker 's plan was to let the plane crash into the Gulf of Mexico , but the plane ran out of fuel first .
Police search
The Indiana Department of Insurance filed a complaint against Mr Schrenker last January on behalf of seven investors who claimed he cost them more than $ 250,000 because he never told them they would face high fees to switch annuities .
Authorities say Mr Schrenker was desperate to avoid a prison sentence A hearing in the case was scheduled for next week .
On Tuesday , prosecutors alleged Mr Schrenker had been advising clients even though his licence expired on 31 December .
A judge ordered him to be arrested on financial fraud charges .
Authorities in Indiana have been probing Mr Schrenker 's financial management businesses - Heritage Wealth Management Inc , Heritage Insurance Services Inc and Icon Wealth Management - for possible securities violations , said Jim Gavin , spokesman for Indiana 's secretary of state .
Officers searched Mr Schrenker 's home on 31 December looking for computers , notes , photographs and other documents related to those companies , said Mr Gavin .
On Friday , two days before the crash , a federal judge in Maryland issued a $ 533,500 judgment against Heritage Wealth Management Inc , in favour of a life insurance company .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Opinion
The final Bush pardons
Former U.S. Border Patrol agent Ignacio Ramos , center , waits to surrender to federal authorities , Jan. 17 , 2007 , in El Paso , Texas .
Ramos and fellow former agent Jose Alonso Compean , who were convicted of shooting a Mexican drug smuggler and trying to cover it up , started serving their federal prison sentences later this day .
( AP Photo / The El Paso Times , Ruben R. Ramirez ) ** EL DIARIO OUT , JUAREZ less Former U.S. Border Patrol agent Ignacio Ramos , center , waits to surrender to federal authorities , Jan. 17 , 2007 , in El Paso , Texas .
Ramos and fellow former agent Jose Alonso Compean , who were convicted of ... more Photo : Ruben R Ramirez , AP Photo : Ruben R Ramirez , AP Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close
The final Bush pardons 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
On his way out of office , President Bush used his power of the pardon to commute the sentences of former U.S. Border Patrol agents Ignacio Ramos and Jose Compean , who had been sentenced to 11 years and 12 years respectively for shooting and wounding a fleeing drug smuggler in 2005 and then covering up the incident .
It was the right move .
Ramos and Compean supporters no doubt would have preferred it if Bush had pardoned the agents - which would have cleared their criminal records .
In that Bush had stood by U.S. Attorney Johnny Sutton 's prosecution of the agents , as well as the jury verdicts , this is the best outcome that was to be had .
When Bush commuted the 30 - month sentence of Lewis " Scooter " Libby , the former aide to Vice President Dick Cheney , he did not fully pardon Libby .
He let a $ 250,000 fine and two years of probation stand , although he did override the prison sentence , because it was " excessive . "
No better word could describe the Ramos and Compean sentences .
Ramos and Compean say they thought Osvaldo Aldrete Davila was armed as he evaded arrest , but because he got away , there is no way to know if he was carrying a gun or just a shiny object .
Sutton argued , and a jury concurred , that the agents realized they were shooting at an unarmed man .
If Sutton is correct , their crime largely occurred in the heat of the chase - and never warranted sentences exceeding the usual plea bargain punishments awarded to crooked Border Patrol agents .
The reason for the long sentences - dumb laws .
The federal mandatory minimum system , enacted by Congress in 1986 , tacks 10 years onto a federal crime committed with a firearm .
As Sen. Jeff Sessions , R - Ala. , noted last year , the federal firearms sentence enhancement was " designed to deal with criminals who carry firearms in the commission of felonies and crimes of violence , " but was applied to law - enforcement officers who " came to work with no criminal intent , no mind set to commit any crime . "
Such is the problem with federal mandatory minium sentences - they do n't recognize common sense .
As of this writing , Bush confounded critics who had predicted that the White House would hand out commutations to CIA interrogators , former Bushies , the rich and famous and corrupt politicians who got caught .
Politico.com listed 10 " pardons to watch for " - including Ramos and Compean , as well as a full pardon for Libby , former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and a former aide , and junk bond king turned ex-con Michael Milken .
It turns out , Bush freed the agents , but did not issue a blanket amnesty for cronies , rich crooks and crooked pols .
The downside : Bush was stingy with the gift of mercy .
He withheld from the worthy and unworthy alike .
He issued a mere 189 pardons and 11 commutations .
He failed the families of unknown convicts who , like Ramos and Compean , were sentenced to draconian prison time , thanks to federal mandatory minimum sentences .
Last month , I have just learned , Bush denied the commutation application of Clarence Aaron , who was sentenced in 1993 to life without parole for a first - time nonviolent drug offense .
Reread that - life without parole for a first - time nonviolent offense .
Maybe Bush believed that he would look too soft on crime if he commuted Aaron 's sentence - if Bush were aware of the politically unconnected Aaron at all .
But there is nothing tough about a system that rewards career offenders who know how to game the system , while it puts small fish like Aaron away for decades to life .
The status quo is neither tough nor smart - it 's mean and stupid .
And expensive .
If Bush had commuted Aaron 's sentence , he could have shown his critics that he sought justice in unseen corners .
He could have lived up to Alexander Hamilton 's defense of the presidential pardon - " One man appears to be a more eligible dispenser of the mercy of the government than a body of men . "
Bush was that dispenser for Ramos and Compean , but not Aaron .
An anti-tax activist from upstate New York who is questioning whether President - elect Barack Obama is a " natural born citizen " eligible for the nation 's top job said Tuesday that his non-profit group spent " tens of thousands of dollars " to get his message across in ads in the Chicago Tribune this week .
Robert L. Schulz , 69 , chairman of We The People Foundation , took out ads Monday and Wednesday to raise questions about whether Obama 's Hawaii certificate of live birth is authentic .
The ads echo accusations circulated online by some Obama opponents before the election .
Cases challenging Obama 's citizenship have been tossed out of courts in several states , and Hawaiian officials have vouched for the authenticity of Obama 's birth certificate , which is locked in a state vault .
The Obama campaign likewise has always dismissed the accusations .
Nevertheless , some critics remain dubious .
Here are the allegations raised in Schulz 's ad , and some relevant facts :
• The birth form released by Obama was " an unsigned , forged and thoroughly discredited " live birth form , Schulz says .
Last summer , Obama 's campaign presented a digital copy of his certificate of live birth .
After critics questioned its authenticity , staff at FactCheck.org , a project of the Annenberg Public Policy Center of the University of Pennsylvania , said they had seen , held and examined the actual birth certificate .
•" Hawaiian officials will not confirm " that Obama was born in their state , Schulz says .
Initially , Hawaiian officials said that privacy laws prevented them from releasing a copy or confirming that Obama 's copy was authentic .
But in late October as questions persisted , Hawaii 's health director and head of vital statistics reviewed Obama 's birth certificate in the department 's vault and vouched for its authenticity .
• Schulz says that legal affidavits state Obama was born in Kenya .
The affidavits that Schulz refers to are filings by the Obama critics themselves in the court cases challenging Obama 's citizenship .
• Obama 's paternal grandmother is recorded on tape saying she attended Obama 's birth in Kenya , Schulz says .
The group 's
Web site posted what it says is a transcript of a long - distance phone conversation in Swahili and English from late October between a questioner in the United States and Sarah Hussein Obama , in her Kenyan home .
The translator said he was one of two interpreters conducting the interview in a crowded hut during a celebration , over a speaker phone that dropped the call three times .
A copy of the recording was not provided by Schulz .
• Schulz says that " U.S. law in effect in 1961 [ the year of Obama 's birth ] denied citizenship to any child born in Kenya if the father was Kenyan and the mother was not yet 19 years of age . "
If a child is born in the United States — as Hawaiian officials state that Obama was — that child is a U.S. citizen regardless of his or her parents ' nationalities .
If born to an American parent outside the U.S. , the law at the time would require the U.S. citizen parent to be at least 19 , which Obama 's mother was not .
The provisions of this law were subsequently loosened and made retroactive for government employees serving abroad and their families .
It appears that this would not apply to Obama 's mother .
The matter would seem to be academic : Hawaiian officials vouch for Obama 's birth certificate .
• Schulz says that in 1965 , Obama 's mother relinquished whatever Kenyan or U.S. citizenship she and Obama had by marrying an Indonesian and becoming a naturalized Indonesian citizen .
U.S. law lists the specific acts and formal procedures necessary to relinquish U.S. nationality .
The statute requires the acts be performed voluntarily and with the intention of relinquishing one 's nationality .
In many instances , one must be 18 to renounce one 's citizenship .
Obama moved to Indonesia in 1968 and moved back to Hawaii while still in grade school .
There is no indication that Obama renounced his U.S. citizenship .
Schulz supports his argument with a reproduced Indonesian school document that states Obama 's citizenship at that time as " Indonesian . "
But the same document also lists Obama 's birthplace as " Honolulu , Hawaii . "
Schulz , interviewed by the Tribune on Tuesday , said his concern about Obama 's citizenship is not partisan .
" We never get involved in politics , " he said of We The People .
" We avoid it like the plague . "
Tax debate is fair game , however .
The Queensbury , N.Y. , man has been active on tax issues for nearly 30 years .
Last year , a senior judge in the Northern District of New York ordered Schulz to shut down a Web site that sold advice on avoiding taxes .
Asked about the case , Schulz said the government has tried to silence him .
He hopes the Tribune ads bring his group prominence .
Schulz said his group also considered a similar ad in USA Today , but said the cost was prohibitive .
He said his group considered both the Chicago Sun -Times and the Tribune , but said his group settled on the Tribune because of the size of its pages and its larger circulation .
He would not specify how much his group spent on two days of full - page ads except to say they cost tens of thousands of dollars and were paid for by donations from supporters .
A Tribune advertising spokesman said the newspaper has standards for what ads it will accept and that the ad met those standards .
solkon@tribune.com
jjanega@tribune.com
An ex-New York Ranger Russian hockey prospect -- Aleksey Cherepanov -- dropped dead at an extraordinarily young age in October .
An inquiry in to the 19 year - old 's death revealed 2 pertinent issues ( according to RT Sports ) :
The report says that Cherepanov 'used stimulants '
The hockey player suffered from myocarditis
Young ice hockey star Aleksey Cherepanov , who died of a heart attack during a game in October , had been taking performance enhancing drugs .
That ’s according to a report by the Investigation Committee of the Prosecutor General 's Office .
The 19 - year - old collapsed during a Continental Hockey League ( KHL ) game in the Moscow region .
The official statement of the investigation committee says : " No traces of alcohol or drugs were found in his blood and urine , however , tests for chemicals showed that Aleksey Cherepanov had been using stimulants for several months . "
It was also discovered that Cherepanov , nicknamed the Siberian Express , was suffering from chronic myocarditis , which meant he should not have been playing sport .
According to a post - mortem examination , the sportsman developed the disease approximately a year before his death .
There seems to be confusion in the Western press reportage .
The New York Times reports that no drugs were named ; the Russian Times clearly says stimulants .
Stimulants can rarely be involved in cardiac events , in say a vulnerable heart .
The Times also reports that myocarditis ' does not allow enough blood to reach the heart ' .
Really ?
Myocarditis means inflammation of the cardiac muscle ( which is all of it , as the heart is one large muscle ) .
The word ending means inflammation , perhaps due to a virus , or even due to a connective tissue disorder .
Myocarditis could be bacterial , or parasitic , or allergic , or ... you get it due to something that inflames the heart .
And saying the heart was inflamed says nothing about blood flow .
( where did the Times get this idea ? ) .
To simplify the issue , the heart becomes inflamed , which causes a number of problems .
One would be enlargement of the organ .
When the heart enlarges it actually stretches the fibers that cause contraction .
The heart becomes less effective at pumping thus leading to failure ... heart failure .
It is like the apparatus became stretch , flabby , and weak .
This condition often leads to a heart transplant .
The other issue in myocarditis would be electrical changes , reflected in the EKG .
This would cause electrical irritability , and sudden death due to an arrhythmia .
Boula !
A viral myocarditis is a frequent issue in young adult sudden cardiac death .
Investigators in Russia said Monday that Alexei Cherepanov , who was the Rangers ’ first - round pick in the 2007 draft , used performance - enhancing drugs for several months before he died during a Russian league game in October .
They also said that Cherepanov , 19 , should not have been playing professional hockey because he had myocarditis , a condition that does not allow enough blood to reach the heart ...
The federal Investigative Committee in Russia said in a statement that experts concluded from analysis of blood and urine samples that Cherepanov had “ engaged in doping ” for several months .
A spokeswoman for the committee refused to specify which drugs were found in Cherepanov ’s system .
We would not be so quick to say that myocarditis absolutely rules out athletic competition .
It 's complicated , and one must exert caution , but nothing is absolute ... like Lance Armstrong not fathering a child without sperm .
The Russian athlete could have suffered from something as common as a cold which affected his heart .
A Stimulant might have exacerbated the condition .
On the other hand a drug can cause myocarditis .
The Russian press reports other problems :
The investigation also found that : " the paramedics called in for Cherepanov committed a number of gross violations ” .
The report says they “ arrived 12 minutes after the call and did not have a properly charged defibrillator .
In addition , the brigade 's chief doctor wrongly diagnosed a ‘ natural death ’ . ”
The Omsk Avangard forward was one of the most promising hockey stars in Russia .
A first - round draft pick of the New York Rangers , Cherepanov was expected to move to National Hockey League .
The Prosecutor General ’s Office says they will continue their investigation and warned that the doctors involved in Cherepanov 's treatment may face legal action .
One just cannot emphasize enough that stimulants , and steroids , and HGH , and EPO are DAMN DANGEROUS .
Do n't believe the soft peddlers who essentially want an athletes to believe these drugs are like downing jelly - beans .
Dangerous in particular persons .
( that is a diseased heart on the right ; it 's ugly )
In a press release this morning , Brunner announced :
" Due to security concerns experienced by the Secretary of State 's website , full functionality of the website has been suspended to protect the integrity of state records and data .
Full functionality will be restored when we are assured that all data has been protected to acceptable levels of security ... "
And she explained just what she and her staff are going through , trying to hold this election in Ohio :
" In recent weeks , phone lines and e-mail channels have been barraged , even in the business filings section of the office , with menacing messages and even threats of harm or death .
Last week , a suspicious package covered with threatening messages and containing an unidentified powder was mailed to the Secretary of State 's office via ( a previously used address ) "
See what happens when you rile people up and make them think it 's acceptable to yell things like " Kill Him ! " about your political rival ?
To imply that they 're dangerous , they 're terrorists , they 're un-American ?
Meanwhile , Brunner is still battling with Republicans over their efforts to keep an estimated 200,000 Ohioans from voting because of errors or mismatches on voter registration forms .
Republicans have sued to force Brunner to kick back new registrations with any discrepancy between the info .
on the forms and other records , such as drivers ' licenses and social security info. , including things like whether someone used a middle initial or not , whether someone like my husband might have referred to himself as the informal and almost always used " Bob " instead of his formal name , " Robert . "
( Oooh , scary fraud stuff there . )
For the full story , see : http://www.dispatchpolitics.com/...
Which offers the cheery headline today : Election Night Might Be A Mess in Ohio .
( To which I say , " God , save us , please .
God , and Obama and all his supporters .
Let it not be even close . " )
For an explanation of the new lawsuit , still over forcing Brunner to match voter registration info .
to other state and federal databases , see : http://www.dailykos.com/...
The Columbus Dispatch reports that Brunner tried to get the new challenge bumped up to federal court , but a federal judge has refused , sending it back to the Ohio state Supreme Court , where four of the seven justices have " financial ties to the GOP fundraiser who filed the lawsuit " according to Ohio Lt. Governor Lee Fisher , who called for those justices to recuse themselves .
Two , who are facing re-election in November , have agreed not to be involved in the case .
Two have not .
We know that Motorola is putting a LOT into Android , and the company needs their “ MotoDroid ” to be a huge success with a stock that ’s dropping and a market that ’s declining .
We know they hope to make a Social Phone based on Android but last we heard , the device would n’t come out until 2009 Winter Holidays .
Today , BGR leaked a few images of unannounced Motorola Phones that are slated for 2009 release .
In order of appearance they are : Motorola Flash , Motorola Rush 2 , Motorola Calgary and Motorola Inferno
But there ’s a problem : all 4 of these phones are set for Verizon – a company who seems to despise Google and Android .
After seeing that picture of the Motorola Flash , you ’re probably feeling like I was … heart broken .
If Motorola intends on releasing a phone looking like THAT with Android , I do n’t think they ’ll have any problem reviving the company .
The other 3 are n’t bad either with the Rush 2 and Calgary resembling the G1 form factor and the Inferno looking like the already released Krave / Blaze .
With the UI seen on the latter 2 , its probably safe to say that they will NOT be Android Phones .
But who are we kidding , we already said that NONE of these are likely to be Android Phones .
Why not ?
Because of Verizon .
it ’s really pretty darn frustrating , is n’t it ?
I ’m pretty sure there are people who would pay some outrageous prices to have ANY of these phones on the VZW network running Android .
Am I wrong here ?
Is Verizon missing out here or what ?
Are Verizon and AT&T fighting a hopeless battle or are we blinded by our own fanboism ?
In my opinion , the best leaders are able to look at the past , look at the facts , admit when they ’re wrong and make the best decision for themselves and their organization moving forward .
With the long - term in mind .
Its true that there are PLENTY of phones that are on different carriers , but if they ’re building a phone for Android the chances of them putting WinMo or their proprietary junk on the same device just to get it on Verizon ’s lineup is absolutely zilch .
I ’m pretty sure that ’s unprecedented among top tier manufacturers but correct me if I ’m wrong .
So , we ’re sorry to disappoint you but it ’s more than likely that NONE of these are the Motorola Android Phone .
But … if Motorola keeps going in this direction for their 2009 Android effort , I think they ’ll be in pretty good shape .
And one more time , Verizon , the ship is waiting in your harbor and there are tons of phandroids screaming all aboard .
Just for the fun of it … which of the above 4 would you most like to see with Android ?
Early this morning , as I lay asleep and my cat was only beginning to think about scratching at my bedroom door to wake me up , Nokia was busy announcing their newest Nseries flagship in Barcelona , Spain .
The N97 is the highest - spec Nokia handset to date , starting with the touchscreen from their 5800 XpressMusic model and adding a slide - out QWERTY keypad , 32GB of internal memory ( plus microSD card ) , fully customizable home screen , a built - in compass (! ) and lots more .
According to fans of Nokia ’s Internet Tablets , the N97 renders that particular line of products pretty much obsolete in one fell swoop .
As expected , the N97 has polarized the rest of teh interwebs .
All About Symbian ’s verdict is that it ’s a worthy contender against the iPhone , Google Phone and BlackBerry Storm , while predictably , our friends to the south do n’t agree .
And me ?
My knee - jerk reaction is a surprising “ meh ” .
Part of the problem is that Nokia ’s new flagship wo n’t make it to market until mid-2009 , and a lot can happen between now and then , especially with nimble handset makers like HTC dropping new products left , right and centre .
Speaking of HTC , this N97 looks very much like a copy of the HTC TyTN II , which has been available for purchase for over a year now .
Sure the N97 beats it in every respect , but given that this new Nseries is such a big deal for Nokia I was kind of hoping for a more original form factor , in the same way that the N93 and even the original N95 were in their day .
And then there ’s the software and services .
Nokia is on the right path with Maps , MOSH and Ovi , but are way behind in making this stuff available to users worldwide — I still ca n’t get that stupid activation SMS from Nokia so I can start using Ovi Sync !
But what ultimate troubles me is this :
Checking off the features of the N97 makes me wonder if the smartphone has become a commodity item .
This Nseries flagship seems to have given the Nokia faithful everything they asked for , but not much more .
It ’s great that what was the stuff of dreams only a few years ago is now readily available from multiple manufacturers , but I would hate to see the design of these pocket computers become stagnant — if it did , I fear that the golden age of smartphones would have come to an end .
And while you ponder that , here ’s some N97 pr0n for you courtesy of Engadget …
Nauru is an island in the Pacific , almost on the Equator .
Its total area is about eight square miles , making Nauru the smallest completely independent republic in the world .
Nauru also called itself the “ richest republic on earth . ”
The tiny nation ’s wealth came from the guano , or seabird manure , that covers the island .
Guano is rich in the phosphates used to make fertilizers .
Each year , Nauru sold some 2 million tons of guano , earning more than $ 120 million .
This wealth of guano gives the 7,000 people who live on Nauru an average income of $ 17,140 a year , which was the highest in the world .
Nauru used its wealth to provide free medical care and schools for its citizens .
There were no taxes on Nauru , and there is a job for anyone who wants one .
Nauru has the highest rate of literacy on earth , just about 100 percent .
There ’s one hospital bed for every 34 persons in Nauru , in the United States , there ’s one bed for every 152 persons .
The future of Nauru is less promising .
Each year , guano miners dig up about 100 acres of land .
In The future , there may be no land left on Nauru to live on !
This is one of the most ridiculously simple vegetable dishes in existence .
It can be served on its own or used in any number of side dishes or salads .
Preheat oven to 425 degrees .
After you wash the asparagus thoroughly , stack a bunch together and lop off the tough / thick bottom an inch or so .
Spread out the asparagus in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet .
Pat it as dry as you can , as you do n’t want any water to “ steam ” the asparagus in the oven .
Begin by generously drizzling olive oil all over the asparagus and then sprinkle the asparagus generously with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper .
Roast the asparagus for about ten minutes .
The secret here is for the oven to be very hot so the asparagus can begin to brown on the outside without overcooking and getting too flimsy .
You want the finished asparagus to still have a bite to it .
Enjoy !
This ingredient shopping module is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content on their web site .
We need more GREEN in our Thanksgiving arsenal , and this is one of the most ridiculously simple vegetable dishes in existence .
Roasting is my favorite method for cooking many vegetables , not the least of which is the glorious , green asparagus .
First of all , preparing the asparagus is as easy as pie .
Second , roasting is much more flavorful than steaming .
Third , it ’s a last - minute dish that can go from fridge to platter in around twelve minutes .
Fourth , it can be served on its own or used in any number of side dishes or salads .
Who in tarnation can argue with that ?
Now , the important thing about asparagus is not to overthink it .
Just grab whatever asparagus you can find at the store .
For roasting , thicker is better — it wo n’t get too soft and floppy too quickly .
After you wash the asparagus thoroughly , just stack a bunch together and lop off the tough / thick bottom inch or so .
Some people get fancy and peel the bottom , but I ca n’t be bothered with such things .
Besides , if you get a tough bite later , you can just spit it into your napkin .
You ’ll be around family .
Spread out the asparagus in a single layer on a rimmed baking sheet .
Pat it as dry as you can , as you do n’t want any water to “ steam ” the asparagus in the oven .
Begin by generously drizzling olive oil all over the asparagus .
For this amount of asparagus , I probably used a good four or five tablespoons .
Do n’t skimp !
Do you get tired of my saying “ do n’t skimp ? ”
Because I pretty much say it at least once in every recipe .
After that , sprinkle the asparagus generously with kosher salt .
( You can use regular salt , too .
But kosher is more forgiving . )
Next , really go to town with the freshly ground black pepper .
Freshly ground is really best for this dish .
Now just pop the pan into a PREHEATED 425 - degree oven and roast the asparagus for about ten minutes .
The secret here is for the oven to be very hot so the asparagus can begin to brown on the outside without overcooking and getting too flimsy .
You want the finished asparagus to still have a bite to it .
Here they are after roasting .
It ’s a little hard to tell , but the areas where the asparagus touched the pan are nice and brown .
And the doneness was just perfect — they were definitely tender without being mushy or too floppy .
A huge platter of this is a beautiful , delicious addition to any Thanksgiving table .
But the real beauty comes the next day , when you eat them cold out of the fridge .
It ’s the stuff that vegetable - related dreams are made of .
Creative uses of billboards in advertising campaigns by various companies .
Alien Billboard
A creepy billboard in Ann Arbor , MI . [ link ]
Formula Toothcare Billboard
Formula Toothcare “ builds strong teeth . ” [ link ]
Heineken Billboard
This outdoor campaign from Heineken is an example of how an innovative idea can have a huge impact in a traditional approach .
[ link ]
Coops Paint Billboard
Paint drips off three custom banners spread across the north side of the Atlas Building in downtown Columbus Ohio . [ link ]
Miele Vacuum Cleaner Billboard
Nice concept billboard from Miami Ad School . [ link ]
Adidas Billboard
IKEA Billboard
Decorate for the holidays .
[ link ]
Zhangbei Fitness Billboard
Jumbo Muffins Billboard
This muffin crushing billboard won an “ OBIE ” award from the Advertising Educational Foundation ( AEF ) .
Mini Billboard
BMW Billboard
“ From up here , I can see BMW of Bridgeport ” [ link ]
Nestle Billboard
Creative billboard advertisement from Nestle . [ link ]
Alpen Gold Billboard
Kill Bill Billboard
Clever billboard promoting Kill Bill movie . [ link ]
Tide Billboards
To demonstrate the long - lasting whiteness of Tide detergent , billboards covered in cotton with self cleaning effect were placed on a really busy road .
After a few weeks , they became more and more polluted and clean clothes were revealed .
Slingshot Billboard
“ The Back Seat ’s No Safer .
Belt Up ”
Nike Billboard
Creative “ transparent ” billboard by Nike . [ link ]
Mercedes Billboard
Nitco Billboard
Wood finish tiles .
Fitness Billboard
Time for Silberman ’s Fitness Center .
House Billboard
An inhabitable billboard concept by Front Architects .
The Economist Billboard
A bulb goes off on this billboard , triggered by a motion sensor .
[ link ]
BMW Billboard in Germany
Creative metal billboard promoting BMW cars .
Sony PSP Billboards
Clever billboards for Sony PSP gaming console .
[ link ]
Whiskey Billboard
Maker ’s Mark Hand - crafted Kentucky Bourbon
Whiskey .
Wanted Billboard
Billboard promoting movie Wanted in Russia .
Bubble Gum Billboard
BIC Razor Billboard
The billboard is blank except for a small logo , but without it the advertisement might be missed and it acts as a good backdrop for the giant razor and cut grass .
[ link ]
Penline Tape Billboard
Very strong tape by Penline , Malaysia .
Eskom Electricity Billboard
BMW Billboard in Russia
One of the biggest ads in Russia , located in the center of Moscow , it has a number of full sized cars sticked on to it .
Woodland Shoes Billboard
Creative billboard that is hard to miss .
[ link ]
PSP Billboard
Giant Sony PSP Billboard in SoHo. [ link ]
Formula 1 Billboard
Creative advertisement by Petrol Ofisi , one of Turkey ’s biggest fuel companies , who is the main sponsor of the Turkish F1 Grand Prix .
Cingular Billboard
“ Hate Dropped Calls ? ” [ link ]
Also check out : 15 Examples of Creative Advertising
Dear Cecil : Being the fount of all knowledge , could you tell me the best way to launder money ?
The information may come in useful one day .
Ben Vicken , somewhere in Asia
Cecil replies :
I ’m confident you ’re not contemplating anything illegal , Ben .
However , it ’s helpful for us law - abiding folk to understand the workings of the criminal mind .
So let ’s start at the beginning .
Suppose you have a couple grocery bags full of ill - gotten cash .
What do you do ?
You sure as hell do n’t just spend it —
Al Capone learned that the hard way when he was convicted of tax evasion .
Modern bad guys understand that when large sums are involved , it ’s important to make the loot appear to have been legally acquired .
Money laundering accomplishes this in three steps : ( 1 ) getting the money into the financial system , called “ placing , ” ( 2 ) moving it around to hide the illegal taint , or “ layering , ” and ( 3 ) commingling it with legitimate funds , known as “ integrating . ”
Casinos used to make it easy to do this .
In the 1970s , one organized crime figure went into an Atlantic City casino with nearly $ 1.2 million in small bills ( authorities figured it must have filled a sizable duffel bag ) , gambled some of it away , then cashed in $ 800,000 in chips for $ 100 bills ( these would fit comfortably in an attache case ) , and , some days later , dumped the money into a Swiss bank .
Trying this kind of stunt now would likely attract unwanted attention , as current federal law requires casinos and other operations handling large amounts of cash to report suspicious transactions .
Instead , you might try an approach called “ smurfing ” — you break up your boodle into sums below the reporting threshold and arrange for proxies , or “ smurfs , ” to deposit these into different checking accounts .
In one infamous smurfing case a ring of middle - aged women placed over $ 25 million of Florida drug money into assorted California banks .
Another common approach is to mix up nonkosher funds with the assets of a front company : any above - ground business that handles a lot of cash , such as a check - cashing service , travel agency , grocery store , car wash , or coin laundry .
Alternatively , you might use a business with a hard - to - value inventory — precious metals , jewelry , antiques , art , etc .
Since law enforcement ca n’t be sure how much money the business is supposed to have , the fake invoices or receipts you use to conceal your swag are n’t conspicuous .
As a variation on the phony - invoicing trick , you can arrange to purchase property well below market value and slip the cash difference to the seller .
You then resell a few months later at the true value , getting that cash back as a perfectly legal profit — any capital gains tax is just the cost of doing business .
The cash you gave the original seller is his problem .
The stock market is another good place to wash money .
You invest small amounts of cash in the market , several times a day , through different brokerage firms .
Brokers do n’t routinely talk to each other , so multiple accounts with different firms wo n’t attract suspicion .
If you use your front company to buy the stock , there ’s yet another level of complexity for the investigators to try to unwind .
Once the money ’s in a bank , you want to further obscure the trail .
Wire the cash to an offshore account somewhere with no tax on business or investment income and strict secrecy laws — the Cayman Islands , the Channel Islands , Bermuda , Luxembourg , etc .
Then your U.S. front company can take a “ loan ” from your Cayman Islands bank account .
If the FBI asks where you got the million dollars , you tell them truthfully it ’s a bank loan , and you ’ve got legal loan documentation to prove it .
The money is n’t taxable ( it ’s a loan ) ; when you repay the interest , you pay it to yourself and deduct it as a business expense while shipping even more money out of the country .
So let ’s imagine a typical money - laundering scenario : ( 1 ) Make numerous below - the - radar deposits to accounts in different banks .
( 2 ) Consolidate the funds via wire transfer in a single account in , say , Tampa . ( 3 ) Wire that to a London bank .
( 4 ) Convert the funds to certificates of deposit .
( 5 ) Use those as collateral for a loan from a bank in the Cayman Islands .
( 6 ) Transfer the loan proceeds back to your front company in Tampa .
Result : a confusing trail for the feds to follow , most of it electronic , with no need for small unmarked bills or other crime - fiction cliches .
In short , money laundering has become a species of high finance .
Some claim it ’s the third largest business in the world , behind legitimate currency transactions and the auto industry .
It conceals some nasty enterprises — criminal - finance experts estimate that more than two thirds of U.S. money - laundering prosecutions involve illegal drug dealing , and terrorists shuffle their share of cash as well .
Then again , knowing what we do about many legal global transactions of late , you ’d have to say it ’s not just the criminals in the financial marketplace who are up to no good .
Cecil Adams
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
Early life Jacqueline was the elder of two daughters of Janet Lee and John ( “ Black Jack ” ) Bouvier III , a stock speculator .
As a child , she developed the interests she would still relish as an adult : horseback riding , writing , and painting .
In 1942 , after her parents had divorced and her mother married Hugh D. Auchincloss , Jr. , a wealthy lawyer , Jacqueline divided her time between the family ’s Merrywood estate in Virginia and Hammersmith Farm in Newport , Rhode Island .
Bouvier , Jacqueline Jacqueline Bouvier , 1935 .
David Berne / John F. Kennedy Presidential Library
At age 15 she began attending boarding school , and in 1947 she enrolled at Vassar College .
During her junior year abroad , while studying at the Sorbonne , she polished her French and solidified her affinity for French culture and style , which she sometimes associated with her adored father .
She graduated from George Washington University in 1951 and took a job as a reporter - photographer at the Washington Times - Herald .
She notably covered the coronation ( 1952 ) of Elizabeth II .
Marriage to John F. Kennedy and 1960 election
In 1951 Jacqueline met John F. Kennedy , a popular congressman from Massachusetts , and two years later , after he became a U.S. senator , he proposed marriage .
On September 12 , 1953 , the couple wed in St. Mary ’s Roman Catholic Church in Newport , Rhode Island .
The early years of their marriage included considerable disappointment and sadness .
John underwent spinal surgery , and she suffered a miscarriage and delivered a stillborn daughter .
Their luck appeared to change with the birth of a healthy daughter , Caroline Bouvier Kennedy , on November 27 , 1957 .
Three years later John announced that he was running for president , and Jacqueline initially traveled with her husband .
However , after becoming pregnant again , she stayed at home on the advice of her doctors but continued to be involved in the campaign .
She notably wrote “ Campaign Wife , ” a weekly news column .
On November 8 , 1960 , John was narrowly elected president , and weeks later Jacqueline gave birth to a son , John F. Kennedy , Jr. Kennedy , Jacqueline Bouvier Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy tossing her bridal bouquet , as was the custom , on the occasion of her marriage to Massachusetts Sen.
John F. Kennedy , 1953 .
Toni Frissell / Library of Congress , Washington , D.C. ( digital . id. cph 3g11913 )
Kennedy family John and Jackie Kennedy with their children , Caroline and John , Jr. , at the White House , Washington , D.C. , 1961 .
Abbie Rowe — National Park Service / John F. Kennedy Presidential Library
Get exclusive access to content from our 1768 First Edition with your subscription .
Subscribe today
First lady and tragedy
The youngest first lady in nearly 80 years , Jacqueline left a distinct mark on the job .
During the 1960 election campaign , she hired Letitia Baldrige , who was both politically savvy and astute on matters of etiquette , to assist her as social secretary .
Through Baldrige , Jacqueline announced that she intended to make the White House a showcase for America ’s most talented and accomplished individuals , and she invited musicians , actors , and intellectuals — including Nobel Prize winners — to the executive mansion .
Jacqueline Kennedy , in a dress designed by Oleg Cassini , during a visit to India , March 1962 .
Cecil Stoughton — Official White House Photo / John F. Kennedy Presidential Library
Her most - enduring contribution was her work to restore the White House to its original elegance and to protect its holdings .
She established the White House Historical Association , which was charged with educating the public and raising funds , and she wrote the foreword to the association ’s first edition of The White House : An Historic Guide ( 1962 ) .
To catalog the mansion ’s holdings , Jacqueline hired a curator from the Smithsonian Institution , a job that eventually became permanent .
Congress , acting with the first lady ’s support , passed a law to encourage donations of valuable art and furniture and made White House furnishings of “ artistic or historic importance ” the “ inalienable property ” of the nation , so that residents could not dispose of them at will .
After extensive refurbishing , Jacqueline led a nationally televised tour of the White House in February 1962 .
Pres. John F. Kennedy and his wife , Jacqueline , in the Blue Room of the White House at Christmastime , 1961 .
Robert Knudsen — Official White House Photo / John F. Kennedy Presidential Library During her short time in the White House , Jacqueline became one of the most popular first ladies .
During her travels with the president to Europe ( 1961 ) and to Central and South America ( 1962 ) , she won wide praise for her beauty , fashion sense , and facility with languages .
Alluding to his wife ’s immense popularity during their tour of France in 1961 , President Kennedy jokingly reintroduced himself to reporters as the “ the man who accompanied Jacqueline Kennedy to Paris . ”
Parents named their daughters after Jacqueline , and women copied her bouffant hairstyle , pillbox hat , and flat - heeled pumps .
Jacqueline Kennedy .
Michael Ochs Archives / Getty Images
Kennedy , Jacqueline Jacqueline Kennedy , 1962 .
Robert Knudsen — Official White House Photo / John F. Kennedy Presidential Library
Kennedy , John F. ; Kennedy , Jacqueline John F. Kennedy and Jacqueline Kennedy , May 3 , 1961 .
Abbie Rowe — National Park Service / John F. Kennedy Presidential Library
In November 1963 Jacqueline agreed to make one of her infrequent political appearances and accompanied her husband to Texas .
( She had just returned from a vacation in Greece following the death of her newborn son , Patrick Bouvier . )
As the president ’s motorcade moved through Dallas , he was assassinated as she sat beside him ; 99 minutes later she stood beside Lyndon Johnson in her blood - stained suit as he took the oath of office , an unprecedented appearance by a widowed first lady .
On her return to the capital , Jacqueline oversaw the planning of her husband ’s funeral , using many of the details of Abraham Lincoln ’s funeral a century earlier .
Her quiet dignity ( and the sight of her two young children standing beside her during the ceremony ) brought an outpouring of admiration from Americans and from all over the world .
Kennedy , John F. ; Kennedy , Jacqueline U.S. Pres. John F. Kennedy and first lady Jacqueline Kennedy descending the stairs from Air Force One at Love Field , Dallas , Texas .
Cecil Stoughton .
White House Photographs .
John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum , Boston
Kennedy , John F. ; Kennedy , Jacqueline ; Love Field , Dallas , Texas U.S. Pres. John F. Kennedy and first lady Jacqueline Kennedy at Love Field airport in Dallas , Texas , November 22 , 1963 .
Cecil Stoughton — Official White House Photo / John F. Kennedy Presidential Library
Johnson , Lyndon B. ; Onassis , Jacqueline Kennedy ; Johnson , Lady Bird Jacqueline Kennedy and Lady Bird Johnson standing by U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson as he takes the oath of office aboard Air Force One after the assassination of John F. Kennedy , November 22 , 1963 .
Lyndon B. Johnson Library Photo
Kennedy , John F. : funeral John F. Kennedy , Jr. ( foreground ) , saluting the casket of his father , President Kennedy , during the funeral services on November 25 , 1963 , Washington D.C. Jacqueline Kennedy — standing with her daughter , Caroline — is flanked by Robert F. Kennedy ( right ) and Ted Kennedy ( left ) .
AP Images
Kennedy , Robert F. ; Kennedy , Jacqueline ; Kennedy , Edward ; funeral of John F. Kennedy Members of the Kennedy family — ( left to right ) Robert F. Kennedy , Jacqueline Kennedy , and Edward Kennedy — leading the funeral procession of Pres. John F. Kennedy to St. Matthew 's Cathedral , Washington , D.C. , November 25 , 1963 .
Robert Knudsen — White House / John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum , Boston
Marriage to Aristotle Onassis and later years Jacqueline moved to an apartment in New York City , which remained her principal residence for the rest of her life .
During this time , she became a frequent target of paparazzi and the tabloids , and this unwanted attention continued until her death .
In October 1968 she wed the Greek shipping magnate Aristotle Onassis , whom she had known for a number of years .
According to reports , however , the marriage soon became troubled , and she continued to spend considerable time in New York , where her children attended school .
Although the bulk of his estate went to his daughter after his death in 1975 , Jacqueline inherited a sum variously estimated at $ 20 million to $ 26 million .
Returning to an old interest , Jacqueline worked as a consulting editor at Viking Press and later as an associate and senior editor at Doubleday .
She also maintained her interest in the arts and in landmark preservation .
Notably , in the 1970s she played an important role in saving Grand Central Terminal in New York City .
Although her name was linked romantically with different men , her constant companion during the last 12 years of her life was Maurice Tempelsman , a Belgian - born diamond dealer .
Soon after she was diagnosed with non-Hodgkins lymphoma in 1994 , she died in her New York City apartment .
After a funeral at St. Ignatius Roman Catholic Church on Park Avenue , she was buried in Arlington National Cemetery beside John F. Kennedy and the two children who had predeceased them .
After her one surviving son , John F. Kennedy , Jr. , was killed in a plane accident in July 1999 , many books and articles assessed the recurring role of tragedy in the Kennedy story .
But it had been a story of luck and glamour as well , and the name she applied to her husband ’s short administration , “ Camelot , ” seemed to capture much of her essence as well .
Kennedy family John F. Kennedy , Jr. , with his mother , Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis , at the John F. Kennedy Library in Boston , May 25 , 1989 .
David M. Tenenbaum / AP
Wondering when it will be safe to open your 401 ( k ) statement again ?
Maybe you should check the pop charts .
That 's the theory of Philip Maymin , assistant professor of finance and risk engineering at the Polytechnic Institute of New York University .
Maymin looked at more than 5,000 hit songs from a half - century of Billboard charts , measured them against the stock market , and found that the beat of popular music has an eerie connection to the performance of the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index .
When Wall Street is jumpy , he discovered , we prefer music with a consistent tempo .
Two current examples : Kanye West's " Heartless " and Beyonce 's " Single Ladies ( Put A Ring On It ) . "
Both feature steady - as - they - go beats and broke into the Top 10 at a time of unprecedented market turmoil .
Conversely , in a calm market , music charts are populated by songs with more unpredictable beats - tempos that slow down or gain speed , or even veer from the 4/4 rhythm that typifies most pop music .
Maymin calls that " high beat - variance " and cites Sean Paul 's " Like Glue " as an example because of its jittery , reggae - influenced rhythms .
Paul 's song rode the charts in 2003 , at the front end of a relatively tranquil period in financial markets .
During those years , Maymin says , the stock average moved up or down an average of half a percent per day .
Last year 's average daily fluctuation rate , by contrast , was 2 percent .
He published his findings on the Social Science Research Network website , www.ssrn.com.
Maymin also found something else intriguing - beat variance preferences do n't just reflect changes in the market 's volatility , they seem to anticipate them .
" It is not that it predicts it directly , it just seems to predate it , both in statistical tests and even in profit , " he says .
" In my paper , I show that with a few simplifying assumptions , you could have made money over the past five decades trading volatility based on musical preferences - if you could have traded volatility . "
Maymin is n't the first to connect stock market behavior to trends outside the realm of economics .
There 's the Steelers effect , for instance : Every time Pittsburgh has won the Super Bowl , the S&P 500 average finished the year up more than 25 percent , versus an average return closer to 9 percent .
( This year 's Steelers win may buck the trend , though :
The financial markets have already tumbled so far that a big annual gain for the S&P appears as likely as a Detroit Lions playoff berth . )
Then there 's the tried - and - sometimes - untrue hemline theory promoted by Wharton School of Economics professor George W. Taylor in the 1920s - when skirts get shorter , markets go higher , he said .
So which musician might signal an end to this brutal stretch of stock market turbulence ?
Maybe we should hope for a Barbra Streisand comeback , according to Maymin .
Despite her easy - listening reputation , Streisand 's songs are usually rooted in the complex , varied beats that signal better financial times .
And given the state of investment portfolios worldwide , even Babs 's detractors long for a return to the way we were .
Mark Pothier is senior assistant business editor for the Globe .
He can be reached at mpothier@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The Core of the Teachings
The core of Krishnamurti's teaching is contained in the
statement he made in 1929 when he said , ' Truth is a pathless land ' .
Man cannot come to it through any organisation , through any creed , through any dogma , priest or ritual , not through any philosophical knowledge or psychological technique .
He has to find it through the mirror of relationship , through the understanding of the contents of his own mind , through observation and not through intellectual analysis or introspective dissection . '
Learn more >
Girl , 13 , tries to commit suicide so her dying father can have her liver
In a desperate act of love to try to save her dying father , a 13 - year - old girl has attempted suicide so he could receive her liver .
Chen Jin took more than 200 sleeping pills and was also severely burned by an electric blanket after leaving a note imploring her mother to give her liver to her cancer - stricken father .
Hospital officials in Shanghai said she was passing in and out of consciousness after her suicide attempt and it was touch and go whether she would survive .
Shoppers on the streets of Shanghai : Teenager Chen Jin , who lives in the city , tried to kill herself in the mistaken belief it would save her father 's life
It was not until her story appeared in several Chinese newspapers that her father
found out about Chen 's attempt to help him .
The family have been struggling to pay the father 's hospital bills and a public website has been set up in the hope that donations will come in to help them .
The Shanghai Daily newspaper reported that Chen had found a medical report in her mother 's purse last month stating that her father was dying of liver cancer and had only three months to live .
' Mum , I 'm sorry I could n't stay with you any longer , ' she wrote in her goodbye note .
Chen lies critically ill in hospital ( top ) and her suicide note ( bottom ) which reads : ' Mum , I am sorry that I could not be with you anymore .
Please give my liver to father after I die . '
' Please give my liver to dad and save him after my death . '
After swallowing handfuls of sleeping pills she was burned by the electric blanket she was lying on and even if she survives doctors said she would need extensive surgery for the burns .
She was discovered by Chen 's 43 - year - old mother , Cui Lan , who has recently been laid - off from a factory , who at first found the doors of the house jammed from the inside .
When she eventually broke in , Cui found her unconscious daughter , the suicide note and two empty pill bottles .
' She loves her dad more than herself , ' Chen 's tearful mother said .
The girl was rushed to the same hospital where her father is being treated .
1.5 million people in China need organ transplants each year - but only 10,000 can find donors .
In these health - conscious times , potato crisps have a bad reputation .
Gone are the days when you could walk down the street cheerfully snuffling through a pack of Smokey Bacon .
Try that now and people will stare at you like you 're shooting heroin directly into a genital vein .
The standard tuckshop brands of crisps are shameful things , to be eaten in secret on a car journey .
Of course , the fey " gourmet " varieties - thicker , hand - cooked " artisan " crisps with flavours such as Aged Stilton and Ambassador 's Port - are still considered acceptable by the food Nazis , provided they 're served in a bowl at a cocktail party , surrounded by organic vol - au- vents and snobs .
That 's because our food neurosis is actually snootiness in disguise .
Consequently , the cheap end of the crisp market has to pull stunts to distract you from the crushing social disgrace involved in actually purchasing a bag .
Walkers ' latest wheeze is a fun competition .
Stage one : they ran adverts inviting the public to suggest exotic new taste sensations .
Stage two : they chose six finalists , released them into the wild , and asked the public to vote for their favourite .
Stage three : the votes are counted and the top flavour becomes a permanent member of the Walkers line - up .
We 're currently in stage two .
To lend the enterprise some gravitas , on the Walkers website you can watch kitchen surrealist Heston Blumenthal discussing the new flavours as though he genuinely believes they 're edible .
But are they ?
As the nation 's foremost investigative journalist , I decided to find out , by buying a packet of each and sampling them .
It was a mission that would take me to the very heart of a newsagent 's and back .
Here are my capsule reviews of the six competing varieties :
Builder 's Breakfast
There 's some confusion over the exact contents of the Builder 's Breakfast .
On the website , Heston claims they taste of " sausages , bacon , eggs and beans " , whereas the packet itself lists " bacon , buttered toast , eggs and tomato sauce " .
This would imply that even Walkers do n't know what they 've got on their hands , possibly because the crisps themselves taste of stale fried egg and little else .
It captures the feeling of sitting in a greasy spoon , being dumped via text while your food repeats on you .
Depressing .
Crispy Duck and Hoisin
A fairly accurate rendition , although if you close your eyes they taste like the standard Roast Chicken flavour might if the " chicken " in them had been killed with a hammer made of compacted sugar .
This is probably something Heston actually does in his restaurant .
Fish and Chips
Sounds like a good idea , but think about it : FISH CRISPS .
Consequently they smell vaguely infected .
Actually eat one and it's like kissing someone who 's just eaten a plateful of scampi .
Halfway through they belch in your mouth .
Onion Bhaji
The most convincing flavour , but they taste watered - down ; as though Heston boiled one tiny bhaji in a swimming pool full of Evian , and then dipped some potatoes in it .
It 's like a lame TV movie about onion bhajis , starring Adam Woodyatt , with a soundtrack consisting entirely of library music , broadcast directly on to your tastebuds .
Cajun Squirrel
Self - consciously " wacky " and attention - grabbing entry .
Walkers are keen to point out that " no squirrels were harmed in the making of this crisp " , which is a pity because I had chucklesome visions of thousands of live , screaming squirrels being bulldozered into an immense bubbling cauldron in front of a party of horrified schoolchildren .
The flavour itself is truly vile : if they 'd called it Squirrel 's Blood , everyone would 've believed them .
They taste precisely like a tiny cat piping hot farts through a pot-pourri pouch into your mouth .
Chilli and Chocolate
Excreted Battery Acid , more like .
A boring lunatic with halitosis explains the smell of charred wood to your tastebuds .
It 's vaguely like the smell you get when you bleed a radiator , but sharper , more disgusting , and worryingly " human " .
They should 've called it " Dirty Protest " instead .
So there you have it .
They 're uniformly horrible .
Worst of all , none are a patch on , say , standard Salt and Vinegar , which has been around since the Cro-Magnon era .
Obviously , they should 've chosen more ambitiously .
Since the squirrel flavour does n't actually contain any squirrel , they could unleash other tastes you 're vaguely curious about , but would never actually eat , like Cyanide and Lemon , or The Late Marilyn Monroe .
If they 'd bitten the bullet and genuinely released a flavour called Dirty Protest , people would queue round the block to try it , provided the packet carried a prominent guarantee that it was merely a simulation , not the genuine article .
( For the record , according to The Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices by Brenda Love [ ISBN 0 349 10676 2 ] , " faeces supposedly has a charred or sour flavour but otherwise tastes similar to whatever was consumed " .
So now you know . )
Or maybe they could 've worked on flavours that evoked a time and mood instead of mimicking an existing substance .
Who could resist Wartime Romance ( cigarettes , lipstick , and railway station ) ?
Or Studio 54 ( cocaine , sweat , and Bianca Jagger ) ?
Even Medieval Times ( mud , gibbet and wet tunic ) would be worth trying .
But no .
They did n't dare to dream .
So in summary : do n't vote for any of them .
Spoil your ballot paper instead .
Because that 's what they 've done to these innocent potatoes .
The bastards .
The absolute unconscionable bastards .
• This week Charlie finished the seventh series of The Shield : " A brilliant final reckoning . "
He also spent about 97 hours desperately washing the taste of crisps out of his mouth : " The combined effect of all those flavours is like eating 15 bad orchestras made of tinfoil and grease . "
Ken Griffey Jr. is returning to Seattle .
The future Hall of Famer informed the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday that he 's returning to the city where he carved out a Hall of Fame career as a perennial All - Star in the 1990s .
" He 's coming home .
... I can't begin to tell you how ecstatic we are .
He is , too , " Seattle general manager Jack Zduriencik confirmed on Wednesday night , calling Griffey " arguably one of the greatest athletes to ever play in the Seattle area . "
Two baseball sources said that Griffey made his decision after two days of debating between Atlanta , which is close to his home in Orlando , Fla. , and Seattle , where he 's been a fan favorite since breaking in with the Mariners as a 19 - year - old phenom in 1989 .
" Ken is extremely excited to be coming back to Seattle , " Zduriencik said .
The contract is for one year and $ 2 million guaranteed and includes incentives that could bring the total value of the deal to $ 4.5 million , a source said .
By Gráinne McCarry
The team reached the South Pole after 22 days trekking County Down motivational speaker Mark Pollock made history on Monday when he crossed the finishing line of an epic race to the South Pole .
He become the first blind man to complete the hazardous journey across the Antarctic Plateau .
Sub - zero temperatures , poor visibility and sleep deprivation were endured for 22 days as Mark 's team , SouthPoleFlag.com trekked 770 km pulling a 70 kg pulk to the finish line .
The 32 - year - old decided to take part in the dangerous and gruelling event to mark the 10th anniversary of losing his sight .
Norwegian two - man team , Missing Link , won the race on Wednesday having covered 769 kms in 17 days and 11 hours .
Olympic medal winner James Cracknell 's Team Qinetiq came second after 18 days , 5 hours and 30 minutes having retained the lead up until the seventh day , while Mark 's team came fifth .
Speaking to BBC News
Online by satellite phone , a delighted Mark said that it felt " absolutely unreal " to have reached their final destination .
The team skied through the night , covering 81 km in their final 36 hours of the race only stopping twice for sustenance .
Expressing his heartfelt gratitude to his team mates , Simon O'Donnell from Dublin and Inge Solheim from Norway , who took turns guiding him through the race , he said that he " could n't have done it without them " .
" There are great , great people in the world .
It 's just a question of seeking them out , " he said .
After reaching the halfway stage of the race Mark said he prematurely thought that they would succeed , however , when they started off again he realised they had a long way to go to make it to the finish line .
Injury " It dawned on me we had several hundred kilometres still ahead of us and mentally , I found that really difficult .
The thought that anything could happen in that time , " he said .
And it did .
" Two days on , I twisted my ankle and when I got up the next morning I was n't able to bear my weight .
I did n't know whether or not it would hold us back or we would have to take time out . "
Luckily , the pain eased and they were able to continue .
A few days from their final destination the trio had to take a detour for medical help when Simon received frost bite on his nose and cheeks which , if left untreated , could have become gangrenous .
" We did n't want to take any chances at all so we skied side - ways for half a day to get medical attention .
Now we 're here , we 're safe and all the injuries will clear up , " he said .
" It was only in the last hour and a half that I finally realised we were going to make it , " he admitted .
An motional end to the race for team SouthPoleFlag.com
" For the final phase of the race we did n't see any of the other teams .
It was only when we finished that we heard that the team that had come fourth beat us by a couple of hours . "
Mark said he was most looking for to a hamburger and a chocolate éclair after weeks of eating dried food .
" When I arrived out here I had a bit of a belly on me and now my stomach is totally flat .
In fact , I might even have a six pack , " he joked .
" One of the competitors lost 2st 3lbs but I have n't actually weighed myself yet . "
He described his time out in the vast expanse as " very emotional . "
" Each day had many highs and lows .
I got quite emotional four or five times along the way , " he said .
" It was due to everything from missing people and thinking about people back home , the thought of what was ahead of me and then , other times because I was happy to be here . "
Since losing his sight , the inspirational athlete has set himself a physical challenge each year .
He was the first blind person to complete the lowest and highest marathons in the world - The Dead Sea Ultra in Jordan followed by the Tenzing - Hillary Everest Marathon from Everest Base Camp in Nepal .
When asked on future adventure plans , he said he had a few things in mind , however , nothing involved year long polar expeditions .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From WikiLeaks
February 8 , 2009
EDITORIAL
Change you can download .
Wikileaks has released nearly a billion dollars worth of quasi - secret reports commissioned by the United States Congress .
The 6,780 reports , current as of this month , comprise over 127,000 pages of material on some of the most contentious issues in the nation , from the U.S. relationship with Israel to the financial collapse .
Nearly 2,300 of the reports were updated in the last 12 months , while the oldest report goes back to 1990 .
The release represents the total output of the Congressional Research Service ( CRS ) electronically available to Congressional offices .
The CRS is Congress 's analytical agency and has a budget in excess of $ 100 M per year .
Open government lawmakers such as Senators John McCain ( R - Arizona ) and Patrick J. Leahy ( D - Vermont ) have fought for years to make the reports public , with bills being introduced -- and rejected -- almost every year since 1998 .
The CRS , as a branch of Congress , is exempt from the Freedom of Information Act .
CRS reports are highly regarded as non-partisan , in - depth , and timely .
The reports top the list of the " 10 Most - Wanted Government Documents " compiled by the Washington based Center for Democracy and Technology [ 1 ] .
The Federation of American Scientists , in pushing for the reports to be made public , stated that the " CRS is Congress ' Brain and it's useful for the public to be plugged into it , " [ 2 ] .
While Wired magazine called their concealment " The biggest Congressional scandal of the digital age " [ 3 ] .
Although all CRS reports are legally in the public domain , they are quasi - secret because the CRS , as a matter of policy , makes the reports available only to members of Congress , Congressional committees and select sister agencies such as the GAO .
Members of Congress are free to selectively release CRS reports to the public but are only motivated to do so when they feel the results would assist them politically .
Universally embarrassing reports are kept quiet .
Each time the topic of opening up the reports comes up , it runs into walls erected by opposing lawmakers such as Sen .
Ted Stevens ( R - Alaska ) , who " like many members of Congress , views CRS as an extension of his staff , " .
If the reports were made public , " every time a member requests a particular document , the public may infer that he 's staking out a particular policy position . "
( Aaron Saunders , Stevens ' spokesman , Washington Post , 2007 ) [ 4 ] .
However that has n't stopped a grey market forming around the documents .
Opportunists smuggle out nearly all reports and sell them to cashed up special interests -- lobbyists , law firms , multi-nationals , and presumably , foreign governments .
Congress has turned a blind eye to special interest access , while continuing to vote down public access .
Opposition to public availability comes not only from members of Congress but , also , from within the CRS .
One might think that the CRS , as an agency of the Library of Congress , would institutionally support having a wider audience .
But an internal memo reveals the CRS lobbying against bills ( S. Res. 54 and H.R. 3630 ) which would have given the public access to its reports ( Project on Government Secrecy , FAS , 2003 ) [ 5 ] .
The primary line pushed by the CRS is the one that appeals most to Congressional members -- open publication would prevent spin control .
The memo states this in delicate terms , referring to such spin failures as " Impairment of Member Communication with Constituents " .
Of course the CRS does n't really care about politicians facing much needed voter discipline , but it does have reasons of its own to avoid public oversight .
Institutionally , the CRS has established an advisory relationship with members of Congress similar to the oversight - free relationship established between intelligence agencies and the office of the President .
Free from meaningful public oversight of its work , the CRS , as " Congress 's brain " , is able to influence Congressional outcomes , even when its reports contain errors .
Arguably , its institutional power over congress is second only to the parties themselves .
Public oversight would reduce its ability to exercise that influence without criticism .
That is why it opposes such oversight , and that is why such oversight must be established immediately .
In 1913 Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis , a forceful proponent for open government , stated " Sunlight is the best disinfectant ; electric light the most efficient policeman " .
Those wise words are still true today .
Welcome , Congress , to our generation 's electric sun .
The reports
WikiLeaks
These are long lists , please be patient :
Mirrors
browseable archives
packed
torrent
Where applicable we have also categorized the reports according to country and attached them to our general country index .
How many of the reports have not been seen before ?
Almost all .
We have sent the reports to OpenCRS , a great service run by the Center for Democracy and Technology which collects released CRS reports .
Of the 6,731 reports we sent to OpenCRS , 6,284 were new to the OpenCRS collection .
Many CRS reports focus on long - term issues , such as the United States relationship with other countries , or key legislation .
These reports keep the same report number over decades of editions .
Of the 6,284 reports not in OpenCRS , 4,079 were new editions and 2,205 were completely new .
You can quickly see possible older CRS report editions by following the OpenCRS link on the bottom right of any reports Wikileaks information page .
Topic specific indexes ( contribute ! )
More information on the CRS
The prospect of Silverlight applications running in Google 's Chrome browser is in the air .
A Sliverlight program manager has blogged about a hack to Microsoft 's code that would get their company 's media player running inside Google 's fledgling browser .
The hack to Silverlight lets Microsoft 's player detect Chrome , clearing the way to playing audio and video .
What happens next is not guaranteed .
One commenter responded saying Silverlight apps will only render in Chrome for the first few frames and would n't react to user inputs .
Another claimed Silverlight would work " just fine " in Chrome if you start in single - process mode , noting the issues are " very likely " the fault of Chrome rather than Silverlight .
The problem could be caused by the fact Chrome loads plug -ins out of process .
Silverlight program manager Tim Heuer reminded people this is early code and Chrome is not officially supported by Silverlight .
Those honors go to Firefox and Internet Explorer .
" We continue to evaluate the browser support matrix for Silverlight and before you ask - no decisions have been made just yet to change the current supported matrix , " Heuer blogged .
The hack itself consists of three lines added to Silverlight .
supportedUserAgent.js , which is used to check for browser compatibility and that means Chrome can be recognized by Silverlight .
The hack to Microsoft 's code is possible - even encouraged - because Silverlight.supportedUserAgent.js has been released under Microsoft's OSI - approved Permissive License ( Ms- PL )
" Since the detection scripts are Ms - PL licensed , you 're welcome to change them to fit your needs , " Heuer wrote .
While the work is early - and Chrome is not officially supported - this does show what 's possible .
The Novell - backed Moonlight project started life because Microsoft dragged its feet over Silverlight on Linux , saying it would target platforms as resources allowed .
Moonlight hit its first full release last week and was warmly welcomed by Microsoft .
The Silverlight hack for Chrome - in addition to Moonlight - demonstrate the only limitation to these projects are the willingness of corporations to commit time and resources to making their software run in rivals ' runtimes as first - class citizens . ®
Some readers suggested we put up a “ placeholder ” to protect new readers from the hardship of spoilers .
It seemed like a good idea , so here we are !
Please consider supporting this comic and the artists by buying a book !
If you ’re a new reader , here are a couple words of praise ( taken from the comments section on the last strip ) to encourage you :
“ thank you thank you thank you .
trying not to cry .
this was all really great .
thanks again sophie and jenn ” - Carey
“ This webcomic has been one of the highlights of my week for a long time now and I ’m really sad to see it go .
Great way to finish up .
Jenn & Sophie , thanks for the amazing world you created . ”
- Niall
“ You guys have been amazing , this comic has been amazing !!
I ’m going to miss it a lot , it ’s been one of my favourite webcomics and I look forward to seeing whatever work you have in store for us in the future .
I ’ll miss Darwin and Skittles and Ella and all your fantastic little details to mythology .
But I ’ll come back to read it all again
Thank you and well done !! ” - Lolrel
“ I ca n’t believe it .
It is over .
This Comic is so great .
I looked forward for every Tuesday .
What do i do now ?
I thank you so much ! ” - Klang
“ I ’m proud to say I ’ve been reading since day 1 , following avidly , pestering Jenn for details whenever I see her IRL , and , yes , am crying now .
Thanks for the amazing journey , guys .
Your rich world full of unforgettable characters was one I looked forward to visiting every week , and I will miss it dearly . ”
- Gina
“ That was fantastic !
Thank you both so much for making it .
And what a good ending .
Endings are always hard . ”
- Megan
“ Done ?
Done .
Now what will I do ?
Why , start from the beginning again , of course !
The end is not necessarily the end .
And I think I ’ll go read Poopy Claws one more time .
Thanks so much for making my Tuesdays rock .
I ’m going to miss the two of you , not to mention your creations .
Best of luck in the future and … bye… . ”
- Jimpost
“ Wow .
From start to finish , this has been an amazing ride , and I thank you for one of the best strips out there , and certainly the most intriguing from a religious studies perspective ( seriously , I ’ve been trying to get my colleagues interested so I have people to talk to about it ) .
I wish you all the best as you go on to other projects !
Developer Remedy has offered three cryptic passages of text written by Alan Wake that may contain clues as to the state of the game .
" The amount of pages keeps growing each night , " begins the first message , posted on the official forum .
" There are also new edits on the old pages .
They keep getting more aggressive .
The story is rewriting itself .
The protagonist is now my namesake , and his wife is called Alice .
" The most worrying aspect : the genre seems to be shifting .
It 's turning into a horror story .
I can no longer be certain whether the hero can succeed or even survive .
Apart for jumbled fragments of bad dreams and an oppressive feeling , I can remember nothing of the process when I wake up .
" But this morning , a breakthrough !
When I came to my senses , I could smell her perfume on my shirt .
I am close .
I know it .
I must push on , " adds the post .
Plenty can be read between the lines : the first section points toward a change in plot , the second part suggests a shift in tone , and the latter hints at an approaching release date announcement .
" Rusty 's screams were still ringing in my ears .
The tree stump the grove got its name from looked like a severed leg of a monstrous bird .
I prayed that the gun would make a difference , " adds the second instalment .
" Every time I moved the flashlight , I was afraid of the horrors it might reveal .
Suddenly a ragged arrow gloved in the light .
I followed it . "
The third and final post concludes : " I became increasingly afraid to go to sleep .
I was convinced that I would wake up changed , darkness having seeped in through the cracks in the floor , crawled up to my bed , and made its way inside , through a nostril or an ear .
" I barricaded the door of the cabin .
I kept the lights on at all times .
I taped a note on the door ( I had forgotten so many things already ) : ' Do n't go out . ' "
Alan Wake was unearthed back at E3 in 2005 , and has dived undercover ever since - resurfacing briefly at the end of last year in a new trailer .
" Well ' quality ' is what is taking so long , " explains Remedy 's Sam Lake in the updated FAQ .
" Well of course something like this takes its time .
We 're still - even if we 've hired more people - a relatively small team when compared to other studios making similar games .
" And when you 're doing the game you put the quality standards pretty high and you want to make a good game , of course there is also large ambitions from the whole team in every area and that always takes time . "
There 's still no release date for Alan Wake , although Remedy is confident of hitting a secretive internal target .
Alan Wake is in development for PC and Xbox 360 .
Remedy 's Markus Maki says the studio is still a registered Sony developer and that system - familiarity was the biggest reason for leaving PS3 out .
" We have absolutely nothing against PS3 , far from it , and in fact we are still a registered Sony PS3 developer , " he adds in the FAQ .
" It was a big decision for us to go with a console first party publisher with Alan Wake , but looking at it in hindsight I still think it was the right one for the game and for the company .
We get a better game for you to enjoy and have less technological risks while making it . "
Creep over to our Alan Wake gamepage for all we know about the spooky thriller so far .
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
Brown and almost barren , Anak Krakatau rises out of the Sunda Strait , the narrow band of the Indian Ocean that separates the Indonesian islands of Sumatra and Java .
This detailed image of the young volcano was taken by the Ikonos satellite on June 11 , 2005 .
The volcano ’s circular crater sits southwest of the center of the island and is surrounded by fresh lava flows and ash .
The black shores of the island are scalloped where the flows have solidified in the ocean .
Anak Krakatau emerged from the sea less than 80 years ago , and is a natural laboratory to watch the development of an ecosystem .
Since the soil is new , it was uncontaminated with seeds .
All of the plants seen growing on the island came from seeds that drifted in on the sea or blew across the ocean on the wind .
As a result , the plants are clumped on the shallowly sloped eastern shores of the volcano where loose ash and volcanic sand cover the ground .
In contrast to the solid rock seen elsewhere on the island , these loose soils allow plants to take root easily .
Most of the plants seen here are grasses , ferns , and herbs that blew in on the wind or coastal trees like coconut , shrubs , and ground vines that floated ashore .
Inland , clumps of plants are probably Australian Pine trees and a wild plant related to the sugar cane , both of which disperse seeds on the wind .
To learn more , see Wild Indonesia : Birth of an Island , on PBS .
This strip of ocean was not empty before the island pushed its way up .
Phoenix - like , Anak Krakatau rose from the crater left when its parent , Krakatau , disappeared in one of the most notorious volcanic eruptions in history .
Over a two - day period , August 26 - 27 , 1883 , Krakatau erupted with such violence that two - thirds of the island , about 23 square kilometers , sank into the Sunda Strait .
Prior to that date , the Krakatau volcano peaked 450 meters above sea level ; after the eruption , the top of the volcano sat 250 meters below sea level .
Anak Krakatau , which means “ child of Kratatau , ” replaced the craters destroyed in the 1883 eruption .
The explosions heard in the 1883 eruption remain the loudest noise on human record .
The sound was heard across the Indian Ocean , as far away as Rodriguez Island , 4,653 kilometers to the west , and Australia , 3,450 kilometers to the east .
The massive eruption also generated a series of tsunamis , which produced waves as much as 30 meters tall .
In contrast , the December 26 tsunami that devastated the region in 2004 reached up to 20 meters in height in a few locations .
The huge waves created when Krakatau erupted were responsible for most of the 36,000 deaths associated with the eruption .
Like most of the approximately 130 active volcanoes in Indonesia , Krakatau was formed along the Sunda Arc , a 3,000 - kilometer - long curve where the Australia Plate sinks beneath the Eurasia Plate .
Where these two sections of the Earth ’s crust meet , earthquakes and volcanic eruptions are common .
Krakatau and the Sunda Strait sit at the hinge of the curve between Sumatra and Java , making this a region particularly prone to geologic activity .
Image copyright DigitalGlobe
© All Rights Reserved : Use of IKONOS , GeoEye , and Digital Globe imagery must be coordinated with Digital Globe .
A shift toward more bamboo production by small scale farmers in Vietnam could reduce poverty and help circumvent worldwide demand for timber as a building material , writes Bryan Nelson from Ecoworldly , part of the Guardian Environment Network
Due to its many benefits , bamboo has been touted as an environmental miracle crop .
It 's a significant carbon sink , it grows fast , is more termite - resistant than timber , and can be used for everything from food to clothing material to scaffolding for building construction .
But are environmentalists being bamboozled ?
Despite its benefits , increased bamboo production could raise a lot of concerns too .
Perhaps the biggest concern about bamboo comes from the fact that it can't be sustainably grown on a large scale in North America and Europe , meaning it has to be imported from abroad .
Currently 80 % of the world 's bamboo production comes from China , where regulatory standards for organic and sustainable production are either non-existent or largely opaque .
There 's also a concern that increased demand for bamboo could encourage farmers to ramp up their use of pesticides to boost yield , which would readily accumulate as run-off in the moist regions where bamboo grows best .
There is also increased distress that bamboo is environmentally inappropriate as raw material for textiles and clothing fabrics .
Because of its rugged fibers , bamboo must be cooked in strong chemical solvents and turned into a viscose solution before it can be reconstructed into proper weaving material .
The chemicals used are pollutants that could threaten human health and wildlife if the manufacturing process is untidy – a likely consequence of manufacturing these products in the developing world .
Furthermore , while expanding bamboo production worldwide could help to prevent deforestation and timber usage at home , there are concerns that it could prompt farmers in the developing world to clear their native forests .
And let 's not forget about everyone 's favorite endangered Chinese export– their lovable Giant Pandas .
Since Pandas eat bamboo almost exclusively , would n't harvesting bamboo contribute to the destruction of their habitat ?
The good news is that many of these concerns are outweighed by the immense benefits that bamboo production brings .
Agricultural efficiency is easily its largest benefit .
Since bamboos are the fastest growing woody plants in the world , the crop can be replenished quickly .
Furthermore , bamboo is self - regenerating , which means that after the stalk has been cut , it rapidly regrows from the remaining rootstock .
As long as bamboo is grown in its native habitat , its impact on local ecosystems is minimal compared to the destructive foresting practices of timber production .
Although concerns about bamboo as a textile and clothing fabric are warranted ( and consumers should probably avoid bamboo textiles unless they 're particularly well - informed ) , bamboo is a remarkably suitable replacement for timber as building material .
It forms a very hard wood that is extremely light weight and exceptionally durable .
And despite the fact that almost all bamboo has to be imported to North America and Europe , the carbon - conscious consumer can rest easier knowing that the fuel - usage for transporting bamboo from Asia to California is essentially equivalent to shipping timber coast - to - coast in the U.S. , according to the Department of Energy .
For farmers and local communities in developing countries like Vietnam , it 's impossible to deny the economic benefits of growing more bamboo .
The Prosperity Institute estimates that 60 % of the value of bamboo production goes right back into the pocket of the farmers who grew it .
And as demand for the gregarious grass increases around the globe , rural economies in Southeast Asia could garner huge benefits by growing and selling bamboo to foreign buyers .
As many as 1.5 billion people already rely upon bamboo or rattan in some significant way , according to the International Network for Bamboo and Rattan .
So even if bamboo is n't an omnibenevolent eco-crop , it 's not bad , and it 's here to stay .
And so far , there 's no reason to believe that increased bamboo production will necessarily put the Panda at risk .
The species ' of plant used for construction are different varieties than the ones Pandas consume .
That said , consumers concerned about the spot - eyed herbivores should always take the time to be conscious of where their forested products come from , especially if they 're from China .
Deforestation , agricultural encroachment and road - building remain the biggest threats to Panda habitat .
• This article was shared by our content partner Ecoworldly , part of the Guardian Environment Network
A few weeks ago one of my German friends , Juergen had come over to India .
I spend a few days driving him around and showing him places .
Well as for any foreigner , it did take a while for him to trust the way we drive – it progressed from a scary horror thriller to ‘ I do n’t know how , but I wo n’t get hurt ’ .
One of the things he was confused from day one and something that he never quite got used to is our seemingly random honking .
One time he asked , " Last time when we went on this road you honked at least once every 5 seconds , but now you did n’t honk for an hour – why ? " .
Well he has n’t quite caught up to the method in all the chaos and I see that there is no research paper or an authentic guide on honking in India available anywhere .
So I have decided to take up the challenge and here you go .
1. Presence Honking
This particular type of honk is usually of short amplitude and used with high frequency .
It is a very polite way of telling the others on the road that you are ‘ there ’ .
It is kind of like an animal marking its territory .
The meaning of it varies with the size and species of the vehicle too .
If it is a bus that is using it , it means – if you cross my path you are dead .
If its a motorbike – if you cross my path I am dead .
All other variants come in between .
2 . What - the-****- are- you - doing Honking
This is a rather impolite but effective way of abusing your fellow road users .
It is second in frequency only to Presence honking .
A major ego boost , this helps you to declare to the people around you , that you know everything there is to know when it comes to driving ( and maybe more ) .
This is best done in short bursts of very high loudness and honk - length .
3. Traffic - Light Honking
This is used in many different scenarios at the traffic light .
One use is when you think that the person in front of you is blind and has not started moving yet when there is only 5 seconds to go for the light to turn green .
Another is rather supernatural or spiritual .
It is based on the belief that if you honk a few times , the red light will turn to green faster .
It does n’t harm to try , does it ?
4. The Enquiry Honk
This is even more polite than variant 1 .
A very polite way to enquire whether you get the right of way .
It is used while you try to overtake or is not sure who has the right of way in an intersection .
The answers you get and the manner in which you get them can be very varied .
You must have the presence of mind to choose the appropriate path of action very quickly or alas you are again dead .
5 . The Pointless Honk
Ok , this happens usually when you are annoyed with your boss , or had a quarrel with your spouse .
You use this horn to vent out your inner troubles .
But be very careful as to when you use this .
If timing is wrong this type of honking can be easily mistaken for any of the above four variants and cause unexpected shemozzles .
Yup , that would have prepared you a bit to take on the roads in India .
Now all you need is quite a huge amount of courage and a lot of luck .
All the best !
PS : They should start giving out PhDs for mastering driving in India .
It has so much of science , art and psychology in it !
There is something special about the sporting rivalry between Australia and Britain .
Neither country likes to let a chance go by to proclaim its sporting superiority .
Whether it 's competing for the oldest prize in world cricket —
The Ashes — or battling for 102nd in the global tiddlywinks competition , you will always hear the cries of " whinging Pom " echoed by " Aussie convict " .
Olympic cycling : sit back and relax ?
As an Australian , I have become used to my team coming out on top in contests with our old rivals , however all that was reversed in the 2008 Beijing Olympics , with the British team surpassing even their own expectations to finish fourth in the total medal count ahead of Australia in fifth .
Australians tried to take this with good humour by suggesting that Britain only did well in sports where you sit down ( rowing , cycling , equestrian ) , but deep down we were concerned .
My generation does n't know what it 's like to lose to the old enemy !
But should we really be surprised by the British successes at the 2008 Olympics ?
Over the last few years in the lead - up to the London 2012 Games , there has been a massive influx of money in the UK into Olympic sports and infrastructure .
Australia showed a similar improvement ahead of the 2000 Sydney Games , with an improved performance in 1996 leading up to Australia 's best Olympic result since 1956 — a Games also hosted by Australia in Melbourne .
Since 2000 , Australia 's performances have declined .
It would seem that hosting the Olympics has an effect not only on how the host country performs at the hosted Games , but at the Games before them .
Looking at the results of the Olympic Games since World War II , we can see that the UK and Australia recorded their best results in their home Games , and their results declined in the following years .
We have removed the 1980 ( hosted by the USSR ) and 1984 ( hosted by the US ) Games , as boycotts by the US ( in 1980 ) and the USSR ( in 1984 ) — the two big Olympic players before the rise of China — disturb the results .
The percentages of medals won by the UK and Australia between 1948 and 2008 .
Extending this analysis to all countries that have hosted Games post WW2 ( excluding 1984 and 1988 ) , we can see quite clearly that as a country builds towards its home Games , its results improve .
In the Olympics following the hosted Games , the results trend downwards .
The following chart shows the average performance of the home country in terms of the percentage of medals on offer that were won .
Each country is evenly weighted .
Percentage of medals won by the host nation , averaged over the years in question .
Another way of looking at this is to compare a country 's results to its home success .
Scaling the home results to 1 , we can see that a country 's success two Games before hosting is just under 60 % as good as the home result .
This increases slightly the Games before hosting .
The home result is roughly 1.5 times as successful as the Games immediately preceding and following .
This method is perhaps more accurate than a direct look at medal count ( or the percentage of medals won ) , as this result is largely influenced by the US , which overpowers the results of smaller countries , such as Mexico .
Home results compared to results from previous and subsequent Games .
Of the thirteen countries to host post WW2 Olympics , only Canada and Finland have failed to achieve their best post - war results when they were host ( discounting the boycotted 1980 and 1984 Games ) .
Finland achieved its best result one Games before being host .
Australia 's 2000 Sydney result is only surpassed by its 1956 Melbourne result .
What about gold medals ?
The official Olympic rankings are determined by gold medal count , as opposed to the total medal count we have used here .
The reason we have used total medal count is simply because it gives us more data and is more representative of a country 's achievements .
But what about gold medals ?
Does hosting the Games boost your gold haul ?
The following data shows the gold medals and total medals won home and away in the post WW2 era ( without those boycotted years ) , and also the gold percentage of the total medal count :
Gold medal count .
See below for a caveat concerning West Germany .
Ten out of the thirteen countries who have hosted post WW2 Games have a higher percentage of gold medals as part of their overall haul when at home compared to when away .
Overall , 39 % of the home country 's medal haul is gold , compared to 34 % when away .
So what next for the UK ?
If these results are to be believed , there will be more misery for Australia in 2012 , who will be beaten quite easily by the UK .
If the Poms increase their medal share by a factor of 1.5 , then they will claim around 7.4 % of all medals on offer in London .
Judging by past results , this will put them either in 3rd place , if they can sneak past the Russians , or 4th place in the overall medal tally .
The UK should also increase their gold medal share .
The 2012 Olympic programme features 26 sports in a total of 39 disciplines .
It 's difficult to determine in advance how many medals will be awarded in a Games , but going on the Beijing numbers ( 302 gold , 303 silver and 353 bronze medals awarded — 958 in total ) , our bold prediction for the British team is ...
...70 medals , including 30 golds .
Australia 's results will be largely free of any hosting benefits it gained in 2000 .
It must be about time to bid again !
( And apparently we are . )
Mathematical disclaimers
We have limited data — 14 Games .
The reason we have chosen to look at the years post WW2 is that before WW2 , the Olympic Games were not well attended simply due to the costs of sending a team overseas .
Also , as it was so much easier , comparatively , for the home team to send athletes to compete , the home team 's performance was greatly enhanced — the US won 86 % of the medals on offer at their home Olympics in 1904 .
There are many other factors affecting a team 's performance .
These include the amount of money spent on the team and the country 's population .
Plus has taken a look at some of these ideas in the article Harder , better , faster , stronger .
has taken a look at some of these ideas in the article Harder , better , faster , stronger .
As in all systems , there are unexpected results .
When Montreal hosted the Olympics in 1976 , Canada won zero gold medals !
West Germany merged with East Germany for the 1992 Games .
I only looked at the West German results for this analysis , as it is impossible to be consistent after its merge with the East .
When examining the medal share of countries before and after their host Games , only years not interrupted by the boycotts were examined .
There is always the chance that the UK simply over - performed in 2008 ...
Games examined
1948 Great Britain , 1952 Finland , 1956 Australia , 1960 Italy , 1964 Japan , 1968 Mexico , 1972 West Germany , 1976 Canada , 1988 Korea , 1992 Spain , 1996 US , 2000 Australia , 2004 Greece , 2008 China .
Marc West
By James Morgan
Science reporter , BBC News , Chicago
Sometimes the first kiss dooms a relationship
When you share a kiss with your lover on Valentine 's Day , you may be revealing a lot more than you realise .
Locking lips not only stimulates our senses , it also gives us subtle clues about our suitability as mates , US scientists have found .
A man 's saliva has a " cocktail of chemicals " hinting at his fertility and evolutionary fitness , they said at a conference in Chicago .
That may be why the first kiss is often the last - " the kiss of death " .
Primitive instinct " Kissing is a powerful adaptive mechanism - otherwise we would n't see it all over the world .
Over 90 % of human societies practice kissing , " said anthropologist Helen Fisher , of Rutgers University in New Jersey , at the annual conference of the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) in Chicago .
" Chimpanzees and bonobos kiss .
Foxes lick each other 's faces .
Birds tap their bills together and elephants put their trunks in one another 's mouths .
" So why do we do it ?
I think it is a tool for mate assessment .
When you kiss , you can touch , see , feel , taste somebody .
A huge part of our brain lights up .
" This is a real assessment tool - and can be highly positive or highly negative .
In one study , 66 % of women and 59 % of men had experienced a first kiss which killed the relationship .
It was the kiss of death . "
Chemical bond
As well as acting as a " screening " mechanism for potential mates , Dr Fisher believes kissing evolved to stimulate what she has described as the three key brain systems for mating and reproduction .
The first of these is sex drive .
" Male saliva has testosterone in it .
And men as a group seem to like wet kisses , with an open mouth and more tongue action .
" So it may be that , unconsciously , they are attempting to transfer testosterone - to trigger the sex drive in women and push them into being more sexually receptive . "
Men also have a poor sense of smell , she said , so by open mouth kissing " they might be trying to pick up traces of a woman 's oestrogen cycle , to figure out the degree of her fertility . "
Elephants share our habit of kissing
The second mechanism is romantic love .
" Kissing is novel , at least at the beginning of a relationship , and novelty stimulates dopamine - which is associated with romantic love , " said Dr Fisher .
Finally , kissing promotes what she referred to as " attachment " or " pair bonding " .
It helps us to stay together " at least long enough to have children , " she said .
To study the chemistry which underlies kissing and pair bonding , neuroscientist Dr Wendy Hill , of Lafayette College , recruited a group of college students .
The young lovers - 15 couples in all - were then split into two groups .
Some were asked to smooch for 15 minutes , to the soundtrack of relaxing music .
The others sat holding hands and talking .
Romantic setting ?
" Afterwards , we measured the changes in their levels of cortisol - a stress hormone - in their saliva .
" Levels had declined for everyone in the kissing group .
And the longer the relationship , the lower the cortisol . "
Dr Hill also took blood samples from the couples to measure levels of oxytocin - a messenger molecule associated with trust and sexual intimacy .
After 15 minutes of kissing , the males saw a significant increase in the " pair bonding " chemical .
But in the females , a decrease in oxytocin was observed .
" This was very surprising , " Dr Hill admitted .
" We are exploring the possibility that the setting - a college health centre - was just not very romantic .
" Get your coat , love - you 've pulled ! "
" After all , this is a place where students go when they are ill .
That may have had an effect on the females . "
Dr Fisher is now running the study again " in a more romantic setting .
" We have a secluded room with a couch , flowers , candles , and a light jazz CD playing . "
Interestingly , the females on birth control pills had significantly higher oxytocin levels , even before kissing began .
But with so few couples taking part in the study , which has yet to be published , it was not clear if there was any direct link between the two .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Seven of the World 's Weirdest Plants
Written by Jonathan C. Wojcik -
Photo credits unknown or from public news articles unless otherwise
noted .
If you know their sources and need them credited or removed , please e-mail me .
Everyone should be familiar with the genus Dionea or " Venus Fly Trap " above , but the vegetative
world is home to plenty stranger , and while perhaps not as adrenaline - pumping as Crustaceans
or as gruesome as Amphibians , plants provide food , shelter and oxygen for the entire kingdom
Animalia , so they certainly deserve the spotlight once in a while , and their weirdness does not
disappoint .
Bladderwort Traps
Rather unremarkable in appearance from above , these tiny aquatic plants are actually
carnivorous , and display one of the most sophisticated mechanisms ( carnivorous or
otherwise ) in the entire known plant kingdom .
Photos by Thomas Lendl and Barry Rice
The " bladders " of the plant 's namesake are thousands of tiny , sac - like pods which hang
from submerged branches , each equipped with a hinged " door " and membranous seal
held shut by a delicate equilibrium of pressure .
At the slightest touch by some tiny insect ,
crustacean or even protozoa , the seal is broken and the bladder floods with water ,
sucking in the prey for digestion .
Un-carnivorous Plants
Members of the genus Nepenthes are usually adapted to attract , trap and digest insect
prey in their fluid - filled " pitchers , " but Nepenthes lowii favors an alternative , even less
savory diet .
The rim of its " trap " secretes a sweet , milky substance that small birds may
find both an enticing treat and fast - acting laxative ; only seldomly catching insects , lowii
derives most of its sustenance as a public toilet .
Another un-carnivorous pitcher is Nepenthes ampullaria .
While other pitcher traps are
shaped to keep clear of fallen leaves , twigs and other inedible detritus , this scavenging
cannibal leaves itself open to whatever might fall into its gaping gullet , actually favoring the
digestion of vegetable matter .
" Sexual Deception " in Orchid Flowers
At first glance , the flowers of many orchid species can fool even a human into seeing
some colorful bee , fly or wasp , and the resemblance is far from coincidence .
Each flower
not only approximates the size , shape and color of a different local insect , but imitates the
female reproductive pheromones of the appropriate species , attracting male insects in a
certain special mood .
Whereas other flowers promise food to attract pollinators , orchids such as these take
advantage of insect mating signals to avoid the costly process of nectar production .
As
the insects attempt to reproduce with the imposters , their bodies carry pollen from one
sneaky plant to the next .
A Predatory team - up
Though adapted to attract and trap insects in its sticky coating , the " paracarnivorous "
Roridula genus produces no digestive enzymes of its own , leaving the final act of
predation in the hands of a second party ...
Spending their entire lives on the foliage of Roridula , the assassin bugs Pameridea
roridulae and Pameridea marlothii prey exclusively on other insects trapped by their host
plant , which in turn derives nourishment as the predators defecate .
This makes Roridula
the only known plant genus that provides food for a carnivore in order to farm its own
fertilizer .
The Parasitic Corpse Flower
Over a meter across , the flower of this rare Malaysian plant is the single largest known to
man , and that 's only the beginning of Rafflesia arnoldii 's unusual characteristics .
The rest
of the plant consists only of a fungus - like filament , which grows as a parasite exclusively
within the vines of Tetrastigma , an exotic relative of the grape .
Arnoldii produces its
titanic bud directly from the surface of its host , and grows for several months to bloom for
only a few days .
Often called a " corpse flower , " the odor of this monstrous blossom is notoriously
unpleasant , imitating the decaying flesh of a dead animal .
Its hairy , leathery texture and
reddish coloration contribute to this illusion , attracting flies and other scavengers for
pollination .
It is not known exactly how its seeds reach other Tetrastigma , but they may
stick to the fur of passing rodents .
Amazingly , only one will be produced from each flower .
Most trees and shrubs in the Acacia genus discourage hungry herbivores with a bitter
alkaloid chemical in their tiny leaves , but a few species have developed an even more
effective and far more amazing line of defense by forming a mutual partnership
( symbiosis ) with biting , stinging ants .
One such partnership is demonstrated by the
Acacia cornigera or " bullhorn " acacia and the ant Pseudomyrmex ferruginea .
The
large , hollow pods of the plant 's namesake are a perfect place for the ants to raise
their young , and the plant produces two kinds of sustenance especially for its tenants ;
carbohydrate - laden nectar from glands along its stalks and nodules of protein from the
tips of its leaves .
In return , the ants not only attack other animals that disturb their home
but clear away any other vegetation that may grow around the base of the tree .
Ants in the Plants
Dung Beetle Jail
There are many Clojure libraries available .
Additionally , Clojure can use any Java library via Java interop .
Together , this provides a vast ecosystem of libraries at your disposal .
Ingraham December 2nd , 2008
The Ingraham is my tribute to the Ingraham Cabinet Co. who designed and built many of my favorite wooden radio cabinets in the 30's and 40's .
Ingraham did n't build radios , they were a clock company , but many famous radio manufacturers contracted with them to furnish wooden enclosures .
The Ingraham 's design is based on the 1946 Stromberg Carlson model 1110H .
The art deco era was transitioning into the streamlined era as straight lines gave way to gentle curves .
The Ingraham has an American black walnut shell clad to the aluminum body of a Silverstone LC06 mini-ITX case .
The back panel is a piece of burl from the same stock .
Size comparison photo .
It is relatively large for a mini-ITX case but still very small .
The mini-ITX board is a VIA VB8001 mainboard featuring the VIA Nano processor at 1.6GHz .
The board features a 16x PCI -e slot and a mini-PCI slot .
The board sports 4GB of Crucial DDR2 memory .
There is a 64GB Crucial solid state drive ( SSD ) mounted directly underneath the board that serves as the system hard drive .
The 42 CFM system blower is supported for shipping by a red- painted wooden block designed for the purpose .
The donor case is the Silverstone LC06 LaScala aluminum case with an included 60 W power supply .
The LC06 is unique in that it supports a full - size optical drive , a 3.5 " disk drive and two PCI expansion slots in a mini-ITX case design .
The original Stromberg Carlson radio with Ingraham cabinet .
I began the transformation by giving the case a frontal lobotomy using a Dremel tool with cut - off wheel .
Plywood side panels were bolted to the case body to allow for expansion .
Cutouts were made to support the front grill and a basswood front panel was machined for controls and attached with bolts .
Rafters were hand milled from basswood and set into place .
Glue down blocks were set on the edges and used as rafter spacers .
The grill was made from 37 pieces of basswood and formed two 3 " round ventilation ports .
The roof is 1/32 " aircraft - grade 3 - ply birch plywood attached using contact cement .
Veneering is shown being started on the back panel .
Completed veneering job .
The veneer came in 3 " wide strips so there was considerable effort expended to properly match wood grains .
A coat of lacquer sanding sealer on the walnut and test fitting the grill .
The center circle was made by inserting small pieces of milled wood between the existing fins to fill in the shape .
The center strap was cut from walnut veneer and test fit .
The upper arch completing the center circle was also hand milled and test fit .
The first couple of brush - on lacquer coats were applied and the grill was sprayed with industrial aluminum paint .
The aluminum paint has actual aluminum paste in it .
A hole is bored to attach the centerpiece with a 4 " bolt .
The footer was formed from 18 pieces of wood and sprayed gloss black .
A gloss black highlight disk was threaded through the bolt and attached behind the centerpiece .
The centerpiece is a chrome - plated , billet aluminum , knurled - edge , baby moon - style gas cap for a Harley - Davidson motorcycle .
It was made by Arlen Ness and as you can see has great reflective properties .
Image in reflection is ' The Thinker ' by Rodin .
Ten coats of satin finish brush - on lacquer was buffed with # 0000 steel wool and Johnson 's Paste Wax .
I want to thank my good friends at VIA , Crucial and Silverstone .
Thanks for looking !
Now we know " just how costly the Bush administration ’s short - sighted and immoral policies of coercive interrogation have been , " said David Cole in The New York Times .
Susan Crawford , a senior Pentagon official overseeing how costly the Bush administration 's military tribunals , told The Washington Post that she dismissed charges against Mohammed al - Qahtani because his treatment at Guantanamo " met the legal definition of torture . "
Qahtani is n't the first terrorism suspect to receive a " get - out - of - jail - free card " thanks to the abysmal performance of the military commissions , said National Review 's Andrew McCarthy , also in the Times .
In the interrogators ' defense , Crawford 's claim that this man 's coercive questioning qualified as torture is " preposterous , " but using statements coerced in any way " is a corruption of our entire understanding of what a trial is . "
“ President Bush and Vice President Cheney would like you to believe that only a few left - wingers think the Bush administration 's treatment of detainees amounted to torture , ” said Dan Froomkin in The Washington Post .
“ But the real fringe group is the motley assortment of enablers , enforcers , and apologists who still maintain that it did n't . ”
Barack Obama and Congress are “ struggling to avoid the investigation and prosecution of torture ” under President Bush , said legal expert Jonathan Turley in his blog , but that got “ a bit more difficult ” with Crawford 's news .
If even a Bush administration official says we 're torturing people at Guantanamo , the quesion is how Democrats can avoid filing charges .
The treatment we ’re talking about falls far short of torture , said the blog Stop the ACLU .
All this guy was subjected to was “ sustained isolation , sleep deprivation , nudity and prolonged exposure to cold . ”
You get rougher stuff applying to join a fraternity or the rugby team at college — but let this happen to a “ jihadi ” and progressives get twisted in knots .
Hmmm .
Someone must have hit a nerve .
Bill O'Reilly spent the bulk of The O'Reilly Factor last night puling loudly over being called out for having compared Helen Thomas -- a far more accomplished journalist who 's forgotten more about politics than Bill O'Reilly has ever learned -- to " the wicked witch of the east . "
He even entertained Courtney Martin of the Women 's Media Center , whose blog earlier featured a post demanding O'Reilly apologize .
O'Reilly is smug enough to assume he can bat aside liberal arguments with ease , but when he found he could n't do so with Martin , he just looked her in the eye and lied :
Courtney Martin : I think we both know that Helen Thomas is fine with being criticized for her work , for her actual journalism .
But to take a tack at her appearance is just disrespectful .
O'Reilly :
Where was the appearance attack ?
Martin :
When was the last time you complimented someone by calling her a witch ?
O'Reilly : I did n't call her a witch .
I said her voice sounded like -- and I did the voice .
That was clear .
Martin : Bill , come on .
We all know the physical connotations of what a witch looks like .
O'Reilly : OK , so you think , sitting there , that I wanted to call Helen Thomas a witch .
Martin :
You did call her -- I do n't need to think anything , you did !
O'Reilly : No I did n't .
I absolutely did n't .
The transcript will show that it was a voice deal .
Better yet , Bill , we can roll the tape :
Here 's the transcript :
O'Reilly : The White House press corps looked intimidated to me ...
Except for that , what 's her name ?
The old lady , Helen Thomas .
[ squawking sound ]
Colmes :
Is that your Helen Thomas impression ?
O'Reilly : Yea ! [ squawking sound ]
Colmes : I did n't know you did impersonations .
O'Reilly :
It 's like the wicked witch of the east !
If I were Obama , I would 've poured water on her , and she would dissolve !
I do n't know about you , but that sure sounds to my ears like he 's calling her a witch .
Or is saying that she 's just like a witch different than calling her a witch by something more than a degree of flimsy rationalization ?
As usual , the rest of the segment devolves into more blustering until O'Reilly reaches one of his bullying - host apotheoses .
You knew he could n't resist trying to cow Martin , even in a segment devoted to demonstrating his supposed non-sexism .
For those who have sturdy gag reflexes , O'Reilly 's mewling " Talking Points Memo " segment , which immediately preceded this segment and largely set it up -- is below the fold .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Soviet veterans marking 20 years since their defeat in Afghanistan warned the United States it would never truly control the country , citing bitter memories of a fiercely proud people and unforgiving landscape .
The withdrawal of the last Soviet troops from Afghanistan on February 15 , 1989 ended a decade of fighting that killed an estimated 15,000 Soviet troops and convinced a generation of soldiers they had been sent to fight a war they could not win .
The United States , preparing to pour more troops into Afghanistan to fight a growing Taliban - led insurgency , is reliving their nightmare , they said .
“ It ’s like fighting sand .
No force in the world can get the better of the Afghans , ” said Oleg Kubanov , a stocky 47 - year - old former officer with the Order of the Red Star pinned to his chest at an anniversary concert in Moscow .
“ It ’s their holy land , it does n’t matter to them if you ’re Russian , American .
We ’re all soldiers to them . ”
Thousands of veterans , some in dress suits , some in combats , gathered Friday for a lavish concert organized by Moscow City Hall .
As they embraced and posed for pictures before the show , many cited America ’s troubles as proof their campaign in Afghanistan had been hopeless from the start .
Reports that U.S. President Barack Obama plans to boost U.S. forces there to 60,000 revived bitter memories for members of the Soviet deployment that steadily climbed to a peak of more than 100,000 troops as the insurgency deepened in the mid-1980s .
There are 36,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan today , split between the 55,000 - strong NATO force and separate U.S. missions , both charged with protecting a transitional government from Taliban forces .
“ Numbers do n’t solve anything , ” said Shamil Tyukteyev , 59 , who lead a regiment in Afghanistan from 1986 - 88 .
“ You ca n’t put a soldier outside every house or a base on every mountain .
We saw it ourselves , the more troops , the more resistance . ”
PULL OUT
Soviet tanks and troops rolled into Afghanistan in 1979 to prop up a puppet Communist government in Kabul .
But hopes of a swift victory were dashed as Soviet forces found themselves bogged down in a guerrilla war waged by a fierce mujahideen force that was backed by U.S. arms and money and had access to bases in neighboring Pakistan .
After a decade of pouring in more and more troops and money , Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev ordered a withdrawal in 1989 .
“ They ’ll send more in and they ’ll lose more , ” Andrei Bandarenko , 42 , a former special forces officer , said of the U.S. plans .
“ What does Obama know about the situation on the ground .
We had our own fool , Gorbachev , who knew even less . ”
Two decades on , Bandarenko is still bitter at being forced to withdraw through the mountains in mid-winter temperatures of minus 27 degrees Celsius -- a trip he sketched for friends on a commemorative map pinned to the wall of the concert hall buffet .
The Soviet military leadership , he said , never came to terms with the difficulties of fighting a native force in barren mountains where temperatures could dive from 40 degrees Celsius to freezing within hours .
Like the United States , the Soviet Union tried to mold Afghanistan into a unified state , papering over an ancient web of tribal and ethnic rivalries , he said .
“ There is no common language between the ethnic groups , between the clans , ” he said .
“ They are impossible to control . ”
The United States has rejected comparisons with the Soviet failure , saying that by battling Islamic militants and establishing a democratic society based on the rule of law it is bringing freedom to a country Moscow sought to subjugate .
That brought a wry smile from former helicopter pilot instructor Gurgen Karapetyan , 73 .
“ We went in with good aims too , ” he said .
Soviet soldiers were told Communism would provide schools , roads and electricity , transforming a primitive society .
“ I believed we could help the people , make their lives better , ” he said .
“ The Americans want to give them democracy , but they do n’t want it .
They live by their own rules . ”
Yury Shaidurov , a 47 - year - old former solider with tightly cropped grey hair and a chest full of medals , said the best lesson the United States could take from the Soviet experience two decades ago was to simply accept defeat .
“ They ’ll never win , ” he said .
“ They have to run before it is too late . ”
In response to the current economic crisis , Microsoft Corp. has come out with a stimulus plan of their own .
Their goal is to help a large group of individuals use their computers to land employment in ways other than to generate a compelling resume .
The new online initiative , Elevate America , is set to equip close to 2 million people ( over the next three years ) with the skills needed to succeed in the field of technology .
( Source : microsoft.com )
Elevate America offers two programs , one that will start training tech hopefuls immediately and one that will take some time but offer patient students greater opportunities through state government partnerships .
The website ElevateAmerica has been launched and is already helping future jobseekers to understand what types of skills are needed to survive in the tech industry and how to acquire them .
Elevate America provides access to several Microsoft online training programs .
Since Microsoft is designing these tutorials with the assumption that those who use them have very little tech know - how , expect these programs to be basic lessons like how to use the Internet , send emails and create resumes .
These programs will naturally build towards slightly more advanced lessons like how to use specific Microsoft applications .
State - Approved Initiative
Elevate America is also working on establishing government partnerships that will provide state funding in order to assist graduates in securing a job .
It was announced that Florida , New York and Washington will be the first states to provide Elevate America to their residents .
( Source : earthtimes.org )
The governors of each state took the time to praise Microsoft for coming up with new ideas while encouraging other large corporations to mimic their actions .
The Future of All Industries
It is expected that within the next decade almost 77 percent of all industries will require their employees to have some sort of technical skills .
Right now , about half of all industries require some semblance of technical knowledge .
Graduates of Elevate America should have less difficulty landing employment , especially with endorsements from Microsoft and their state government adding to their resumes .
Following are excerpts from an interview with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , which aired on Channel 1 , Iranian TV on December 2 , 2008 .
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad :
The events of 9/11 were dubious .
They served as a pretext to attack Iraq .
In fact , the attack against Iraq was a cure , or a pain - killer , for the ailing U.S. economy .
[...]
Ahmadinejad :
The pressure they exert on Afghanistan and Pakistan mainly targets India and China .
Interviewer :
These are their strategic targets ?
Ahmadinejad :
In my opinion , yes .
Otherwise , their presence in Afghanistan would yield nothing but expenses for them .
They do not gain anything from it .
Apart from exerting pressure on people and making them suffer , they do not benefit from this at all .
After all , Afghanistan does not have a dynamic economy , or valuable resources that they could take .
It serves as a base from which they direct their arrows toward India , and in my view , they will eventually direct them toward China as well .
They have already begun – the operation in India was a savage terrorist operation , in which , according to reports , more than 200 people were killed .
These people had nothing to do with events [ in the region ] .
They were tourists , but even if they were diplomats , they were only going about their daily routine .
Any group that could carry out [ such an attack ] , and use it as a pretext to generate conflict between Pakistan and India , and to aggravate their sensitivities ...
In my opinion , it must have been planned and carried out by people from out of the region .
It is impossible for such acts to have been carried out by people living in the region – whether in Pakistan , India , or Afghanistan .
Without a doubt , it was planned from outside .
At any rate , [ America ] is progressing in this direction , with this plan , which began with 9/11 , continued with the attacks against Afghanistan and Iraq , and is now focusing on Afghanistan , India , China , as well as Georgia , and the expansion of the NATO alliance .
At the Penny Arcade Expo , North America 's largest public games event , the Nintendo DS is as ubiquitous as the cell phone .
You can find attendees playing them everywhere - at beanbag lounges , in lines for food , even while sitting down in standing - room concert crowds .
This cross-section of avid gamers - a sharp contrast to the kids - and - moms demographic that Nintendo has staked out since the Wii's rise - has almost unanimously chosen Nintendo 's portable as common ground .
But it 's no surprise that old - school gamers remain fond of Nintendo , even in the era of Nintendogs and Brain Age .
What 's more shocking is the other source of common ground among these DS owners : flash carts .
They 're the iPods of video games , letting DS owners transfer downloaded games and programs from their computers onto their handheld devices .
Unlike the iPod , however , there 's no official , legal iTunes equivalent for flash carts .
An informal survey of PAX 2008 attendees found one flash cart in every four systems , and while the survey counted only 100 attendees , evidence supports the widespread ownership and use of DS flash carts among hardcore gamers .
They 're cheap , simple to use , easy to find and able to run almost all DS games .
If gaming history is any indication , this sort of rampant piracy should have doomed the portable system to an early death .
Instead the opposite has happened , and surprisingly it 's no accident .
The story , then , is n't the piracy ; it 's Nintendo 's unique way of dealing with it and the companies left in the cold as a result .
***
DS flash carts are unofficial products , cheaply produced by semi-anonymous developers in Asia .
Yet this illicit industry is efficient , pumping out glitch - free products in mass quantities .
How'd this happen ?
Nintendo's longtime indifference is partly to blame .
In the Game Boy Advance era , leftover " development " cartridges from the older Game Boy Color were hacked to work on the newer device .
While far from an ideal option - these rigs ran slowly and poorly - they were cheap and simple enough to get the hacking ball rolling .
It did n't take long for enterprising flash cart programmers to work out the kinks .
Nevertheless , their product - priced a bit too high , sold by too few distributors - never broke through to the mainstream .
With the DS 's impending release , these old carts might have merely vanished as a niche interest for hackers and pirates .
But somehow the old carts worked fine on the DS .
Before long , hackers found a major loophole :
The DS could retrieve GBA data from a flash cart , essentially giving hackers a two - year head start .
As a result , DS flash carts became sophisticated very quickly .
The move came following a report from The New York Times that Trump paid just $ 750 in income taxes in 2016 , the year he ran for president , and in 2017 , his ...
amp video_youtube Snopes.com 15 hours ago bookmark_border share more_vert
138 shares Facebook 25
Pinterest 113
Email
I am not much of a supporter of new year resolutions , mainly because I do n’t like waiting around for a specific date to make positive life changes .
That said , I guess some people do n’t really think about making positive life changes until the new year rolls around .
Out of curiosity , I did a little digging to see what seemed to be the most common new year resolutions that people strive for .
It probably is n’t much of a surprise that more than a few of the most common resolutions are financial goals …
Get in shape
It is n’t much of a surprise that this is the most common new year ’s resolution .
It seems to be the most typically set and failed resolution that people make .
I do n’t know about you , but I have found from failing to keep resolutions many times that I need to make very small changes .
Rather than setting a goal to start working out every day , I set a goal to work out once a week .
Once I successfully reach that milestone , then I work up to two days a week and so on .
For me , this seems to be the only way that works to help me make life changes .
Eat healthier
A few years ago , I read a book that changed my life .
It was called , “ What the Bible says about Healthy Living . ”
I quickly realized that I had been falsely thinking that I was “ healthy ” .
Just like I mentioned above , I did n’t try to change all of my habits at once , but rather focused on making one small change at a time .
The result - I am still keeping up with lots of principles I learned in that book .
Get out of debt
Debt affects many areas of our lives – marriages , physical and mental health , sleep , joy , etc .
Money fights are one of the biggest stressors on marriages and a recent study found people with high levels of debt were more than 13 times as likely than low or no - debt people to lose sleep at night .
Taking the steps today to get out of debt will help you in almost all areas of your life !
Stop smoking
This is a tough one , but probably one of the best things you can do for your physical health .
Start budgeting
I am always in awe of how much people hate the word “ budget . ”
It really is not a form of modern day torture like some would believe .
I ca n’t tell you how much freedom came after we started budgeting .
The key is all about how you set up your budget , but for us , instead of feeling restricted on what to do with our money , it actually provided a lot more freedom and allowed us to spend money on things that we never would have without a budget .
I have written quite a bit about budgeting ( and created a budgeting course here ) , but if you are just starting I suggest you download a free budget spreadsheet and read How to Make a Budget .
Get a new job / Start a business
Boy , do I know the feeling .
I had wanted to get a new job and start a business for a while , and I finally found a way to turn my hobby into a full - time income .
For inspiration check out the what to do when you hate your job and How I escaped the Rat Race .
Spend more time with family
This is just another one of the many reasons why I wanted to improve my financial situation .
Save or make more money
Saving money is another topic that I have written a lot about – check out these ways to save money !
Get your life organized
I feel like I have a lot of areas in my life organized .
But my area of difficulty is my time .
Time management has always been a struggle for me .
I have made steps forward over the years after reading books like The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People or Getting Things Done , but I still have a ways to go .
If this is your resolution , check out my Morning Checklist for some inspiration !
Give more
If you are anything like me , you always want to give more , but often overlook opportunities because of the busy - ness of life .
For inspiration , I leave you with a bunch of great giving scriptures and quotes .
My personal New Year ’s resolutions
As I mentioned earlier , I do n’t typically set any resolutions for the new year , but like everyone else I do have a few areas I am looking to improve in .
Here are a few things I am looking to improve in 2020 ….
I want to give more – financially as well other areas of my life
I want to continue to learn how to become a better communicator
Take my prayer life to the next level
How about you –
Do you have any resolutions or goal setting for the new year ?
Sarah Palin : Naughty Monkey Heels Sell For $ 2,025 on eBay ( Photos )
's niece just made a quick bundle of cash by selling a pair of size 7.5 red Naughty Monkey Double - Dare heels on eBay .
The first time seller became an eBay member on January 19th and saw her first auction end successfully on January 27 , 2009 .
She made a cool $ 2,025 plus $ 11.95 for shipping and handling .
The Palin relative did not provide her name but does share a recent photo taken with her aunt for the purpose of tying the auction to the governor of Alaska .
Other photos showed Palin at several events , wearing the shoes .
The photos were autographed and the pen that the governor used also goes to the winning bidder .
Palin 's niece has also offered the auction winner the option of having Palin sign the shoes .
The high heeled pumps were purchased by Palin for around $ 100 from Shoefly & Hudson in Juneau , Alaska .
The seller was quick to reiterate that they were not purchased by the RNC , lest anyone jump to the wrong conclusion .
Aunt Sarah reportedly gave the shoes to her niece and appears to have happily gone along with the eBay sale .
The auction starting price was $ 500 .
The governor 's high heels garnered 14 bids from seven bidders .
The winner skillfully placed a single bid in the final seconds to beat out the previous leader by $ 25 .
The winner has been an active eBay buyer and seller , with a total of 189 transactions .
Check out the other auction photos below .
Colors Palette Generator turns a picture with a pleasing look into a palette of equally pleasing colors for your web site or design project .
Advertisement
Similar , although more sophisticated , than previously reviewed Colr , you can turn a selected image into a color scheme for your projects .
You can upload any PNG , GIF or JPEG that is less than 1MB in size and Colors Palette Generator will extract colors from it .
The application creates three basic palettes of the light , medium , and dark colors , as well as a grid of 49 shades from the image if you 're not satisfied with the palettes it has created .
Once you 've got the look you like , you can export it as either a Photoshop swatches file or as a CSS stylesheet .
Free to use , no sign - up required .
Advertisement
Colors Palette Generator [ via Download Squad ]
Bus Cruises Through Traffic
65 Year Old Knocked Out in Unprovoked Attack
Woman Stripped Bottomless
Drunk Guy Thrown in Kiddie Pool
Cop SHot By Thug
Cop Does Not Shoot Suspect Because He ’s Not Black
Pokemon Player Hits Cop Car
Man Shoots Wife With Toy Gun – Over and Over again …
=
Naked Women Protest
Bar Man ’s Jagerbomb Record Breaking Trick Pour… .
It ’s actually pretty good …
Armless Man Rages and Other Videos of the Da
Posted in :stepNEWS|Videos
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger makes an impromptu appearance during a report and tells the reporter to knock off the " whacky " reporting .
LeadMaster helps you to manage clients as well as automate and streamline your marketing processes .
It also helps you capture , nurture and convert leads .
It is cloud based so it is easy to manage , easy to deploy , easy to learn , and easy to use .
Nearly everything is customizable so it is adaptable to all business sectors .
You enable and use the features you need now , and add more as necessary in the future , all at an affordable cost .
Dear Lazyass Web Developers ,
Stop trading my cycles for your own .
Your time is not more valuable than mine , and it ’s certainly not more valuable than that of all your users put together .
You ’re ruining the world .
Signed ,
The World
How many times have you been on a web site , filled out a form and hit Submit , only to be bumped back to enter additional information ?
The thing is , you did enter the requested information , the site just did n’t like the way you entered it .
This is most commonly seen with phone numbers and credit cards .
Some sites demand that you enter your phone number or credit card with no non-numerical characters , such as dashes .
That is , if you enter “ 123-456-7890 ” , you ’ll be bumped back and forced to enter “ 1234567890 ” .
Others do just the opposite , demanding dashes .
I took the above two screenshots on the very same day , from two different sites1 .
Holy hell !
Computers can handle this .
You might be thinking “ What ’s the big deal ?
With global warming threatening the planet , a financial crisis threatening society , and of course the popularity of the Snuggie , are n’t there more important things in the world to worry about ? ” .
And if you are , you ’re not entirely wrong .
This is a small thing , and it takes perhaps 30 seconds to find the issue , correct it , and re-submit the form .
The real problem shows up in the aggregate .
It ’s 30 seconds extra for me , and 30 seconds extra for you , and 30 seconds extra for every other visitor who does n’t get things exactly right .
Since the invention of the web , hundreds of thousands of man hours have been wasted adjusting the input for credit cards and phone numbers on web forms .
Those lost hours could be used to solve some of the aforementioned world problems .
Lazy web developers , you ’re killing the future .
Stop it .
Right now .
Worst of all , it ’s the easiest thing in the world to fix this .
In PHP , ASP , JavaScript , or any other web language , stripping characters takes about five minutes to get right .
When you get phone number or credit card input , just strip out dashes ( and dots ) if you do n’t want them in there .
Here ’s how to do it in PHP in one line :
$ var=str_replace ( ' -' , '' , $ var ) ;
If you ca n’t manage that , you need to get off the web .
Inserting dashes into phone numbers is a bit trickier ( due to international number formats ) , but can still be accomplished easily for 10 - digit American numbers and any others where the exact format is known .
This is n’t hard .
You can spend the 5 minutes needed to make it right .
You should spend the 5 minutes needed to make it right .
Save those thousands of hours , and do your part to save the world .
Addendum
As bad as it is , it could always be worse :
Login : Password : Remember Me Register Blogs >>
AlexIonescu 's Blog
Created : Tuesday , May 16 2006 00:13.09 CDT
Printer Friendly ... Debugging / Reversing NT System Binaries Author : AlexIonescu # Views : 5409
Here are some tips I thought I 'd share in an blog entry ... some of these may seem fairly obvious , but I 've come across many reverse engineers who are not aware of the wealth of resources available for easier NT reversing and debugging .
Feel free to message me any additional resources so that I may add them .
1 ) Checked builds .
This is your first priority .
If you are reversing a retail binary , STOP NOW .
You are missing out on a wealth of debugging messages , assertions and easier to read code .
Here are some of the advantages of checked builds :
* Mostly FREE for ANY NT OS .
That 's right , if you want to compare code across NT versions , you do n't need to carry your 15 CDs of every version released ( or worse , beg around the Internet ) .
NT Service Packs contain all the core system files you 're likely to reverse , and their checked builds are free to download .
Granted , you will be missing out on the retail versions , but now you do n't need to buy Windows 2003 to reverse a Windows 2003 binary .
* Much , much , much easier code to read .
Checked builds are not built with OMAP , the compiler technology which splits up functions in chunks and re-organizes them for better CPU caching .
That means that functions are linear and a breeze to reverse .
* Debug prints .
These are just awesome .
Microosft developers are telling you what 's going on in their code , so you do n't have to guess .
Sometimes you can even find warnings ( ie : " This will crash if the user sents RTL_FOO !! " ) , unfixed bugs , etc .
Some binaries have entire built - in dumping functions , such as Dbg_DumpSomeStructure , which will graphically print out some huge structure that you do n't need to reverse anymore .
Debug prints can also give you valuable flag names , constants and etc .
* Assertions .
Good Microsoft code ( especially core/ system - level ) is filled with assertions .
These assertions are actually C code , and more often then not will give you the name of a flag , structure member , or other symbolic names which are not public .
While reversing a file once , I was able to find the name ( and thus function ) of about 18 fields out of a 25 field structure , merely by reading the assertions .
* Run-time profiling , debugging , or other helpful functions .
If you are feeling curious , you can actually try using a checked build live on your system ( I recommend only the specific binary / set , however ) .
Coupled with WinDBG , this could give you new ways to analyze the binary , create complex debug logs , and even use built - in profiling / timing code if your reversing project is performance related , or if you 're just curious .
Again , only in a checked build .
* Tracing and protection .
This applies more for testing your code , but checked builds also enable many tracing options in the kernel , which can be useful for reversing .
For example , you can track a heap block , or any kernel object , and see a list of all acquires / releases , creators and users , which can sometimes be more useful then putting a memory breakpoint on a structure .
OK , so where to get them ?
A good place for up - to - date links is on OSR 's site :
http://www.osronline.com/article.cfm?id=259
2 ) PDBs ( Symbols ) .
Perhaps I should 've put this first , because it really is even more basic , but I 'm going at this in logical order .
PDBs .
Symbols .
Debug Databases .
Whatever you want to call them , you should not be reversing without them .
In their most basic form , they will give you the internal name of every function in your binary ( except statics ) , as well as global variables .
With an OMAP - binary , they also contain special information to link chunked functions together .
This means that your call 080854 just became call AdvapipGenerateHash , making your job a lot easier .
With something like HAL or the kernel , PDBs also contain a wealth of structures not publically documneted in the WDK / PSDK .
IDA does n't unfortunately parse them , but if you use the pdbPlus plugin ( available on the site ) , IDA will automatically add them to its structure database .
3. WinDBG .
The Debugging tools for Windows ( Windows Debugger / WinDBG ) is an extremly valuable tool , not for its diassembler , but for the myriad of extensions that it provides , which also have built - in code to dump structures which are unavaialble anywhere else .
For example , two of its extensions are able to dump CSR_PROCESS and CSR_THREAD , which are the structures used by CSRSS , and not documented anywhere .
Again , having access to structures and symbolic / flag / constant names can go a long way toward understanding what a function does .
4. Information
Now that you 're all setup with the tools and binary , there is one more thing you should do : learn , read , and get acquainted with what you 're going to debug / reverse .
Read all the documentation avaialble , browse internet sites , see what others have discovered .
But please do n't post excitely that " omfg , if you set fs:18h+874h & 0x5 >> 3 you get a bugcheck " , when you have n't taken the time to understand what fs:18h is in the first place , what member of the TEB 874h is , and what the 0x5 flag 's symbolic name / meaning is .
Because you might as well have discovered that setting NtCurrentTeb ( ) ->
CrashMode & PS_CRASH_IMMEDIATELY
crashes , which is n't really interesting to know , or at the very least , makes a lot more sense if presented that way .
Bonus : 5 . Code Quality
Apart from avoiding to produce un - symbolized crap like seen above , it 's a good idea to :
* Comment your code .
Properly .
Extensively .
If I see some discovery or exploit that is poorly commented , I 'm not going to assume you were lazy , since you spent all this time reversing it , I 'm going to assume you do n't really know why your code is doing what it 's doing .
* Portability .
More often then not , low - level NT code is completely unportable .
While this is by design in many cases , it would n't hurt to try remaining as compatible as possible .
Do n't do systemcalls by using sysenter directly .
Yes , yes , you look cool and it's 2 cycles faster , but it 'll also not run on my service pack .
And again , do n't hard - code offsets .
Use actual structures / headers , which may be versionned so that if I want a compatible version on 2003 , I can just build it by using NTDDI_VERSION .
* Thread safety , multi-processor .
Again , much low - level NT code seems to be saying " oh well , I 'm hacking sh*t anyways , who cares if I do it badly and I do n't respect actual coding methdology " .
Before you publish your code , try to test it on a variety of systems .
Try to profile it and stress it .
Identify potential race conditions and fix them .
Make sure your code is thread - safe and multiprocessor compatible .
Just because you 're running on an uni-processor machine doest't mean everyone else is .
There a are a great number of things you need to start worrying about in NT kernel mode when you 're on a multi- processor machine .
Use " volatile " in C when needed .
Use Interlocked operations when required .
Do n't change a pointer that could be read by another thread in the same time .
Do n't do CPU - level modifications without synchronizing them to both CPUs ( learn about IPI ) .
Each CPU has its own IDT , GDT , etc .
Remember that before you only hook one .
* 64 -bit
Again , just because you do n't have a 32 - bit machine does n't mean you do n't have to make your code as compatible on 64 - bit as possible .
Sure , that 's sometimes impossible , but at least use / Wp64 so you get warned about obvious 64 - bit incompatibilities and broken code .
Minimize your use of assembly if possible .
Version1 14 of MSC ( in the WDK or MSVC 2005 ) has many intrinsics that are portable when recompiled , including stuff like getting the return address , reading eflags , setting / reading / writng fs/gs/dr*/cr* , etc .
That 's all I can think of for the moment , and I hope nobody takes this offensively .
All the examples I 've given were out of my head and I 'm not targetting anyone in particular , these are just some considerations .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  U.S. government authorities have arrested 60 people in the United States as part of a global network of child pornographers .
Attorney General Michael Mukasey said the long - running and far - reaching case began with a single lead from Australian police in what became known as Operation Koala in Europe and Operation Joint Hammer in the United States .
DIGITAL TRAIL : Software tracks child porn traffickers online LIMITED FUNDS : Child porn fight hindered ; fewer than 1 % leads followed FEDERAL LAW :
High court upholds child porn penalties " From that initial horrible discovery , the investigation grew to reveal connections in nearly 30 countries around the world , " Mukasey said , standing beside justice officials from France and the Czech Republic .
France is the current head of the European Union to be followed Jan. 1 by the Czechs .
By scouring the suspects ' e-mail accounts and computers , authorities in Europe , Canada , and the United States have been making spinoff arrests for more than two years .
This week , U.S. authorities charged a man in California . , with inducing an 11 - year - old girl to engage in sexual conduct and with creating molestation images to distribute .
Authorities said the investigations are continuing as individuals in one child pornography network lead to other such networks .
The U.S. arm of the investigation has also led to the identification of 11 child victims , officials said .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Patients who qualify will be able to save an estimated £ 100 a year Up to 150,000 cancer patients in England can now start applying for free prescriptions on the NHS .
Gordon Brown announced in September he was abolishing charges for the treatment of cancer and its effects from 1 April .
Patients can apply for five - year exemption certificates entitling them to all their NHS prescriptions free of charge , not just those for cancer .
Application forms can be collected from GP surgeries and hospital clinics .
Applications received by 24 March will be processed in time for the start of the scheme on 1 April .
Patients who do not receive their certificate in time may have any prescription charges they have paid since 1 April refunded .
It is estimated that patients who qualify will be able to save up to £ 100 a year in prescription charges .
This was absolutely the right thing to do .
Cancer not only threatens your life , but can also make you poor .
Ciaran Devane , chief executive of Macmillan Cancer Support Campaigners have been calling for everyone with long - term conditions in England to be exempt from prescription charges , as they have already been scrapped in Wales and are being phased out in Scotland .
Northern Ireland has already reduced charges and is planning to phase them out for all patients by 2010 .
The standard prescription charge is £ 7.10 per item .
Public Health Minister Dawn Primarolo said : " This new scheme gives people living with cancer one less worry at such a difficult time .
" I would urge patients to make an appointment with their GP from this week to talk about applying for their exemption certificate . "
Ciaran Devane , chief executive of Macmillan Cancer Support , said : " We are delighted the government has listened and abolished prescription charges for cancer patients .
" This was absolutely the right thing to do .
Cancer not only threatens your life , but can also make you poor .
" Free prescriptions will transform the lives of thousands of people living with cancer who were struggling to pay for drugs . "
Michael Summers , vice - chairman of the Patients Association , said : " This is a welcome move , but we must n't forget that not every cancer drug that patients want will be approved by NICE or that some primary care trusts will not allow them to be dispensed . "
The Department of Health says the scheme will be extended to include all patients with long - term conditions at a later date .
This would make an estimated five million people exempt from charges .
A review of how to bring this measure in is being led by Professor Ian Gilmore , president of the Royal College of Physicians .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Killers of Americans south of border rarely caught Caught in the chaos
More than 200 U.S. citizens killed in Mexico since ' 04
Paula Valdez of Houston lost her son Reynaldo to gunmen in Mexico .
He and his friend Ashley Lynn Dininger were shot in the head during a trip to Guerrero state in 2004 .﻿
Paula Valdez of Houston lost her son Reynaldo to gunmen in Mexico .
He and his friend Ashley Lynn Dininger were shot in the head during a trip to Guerrero state in 2004 .﻿
Photo : Mayra Beltran , Houston Chronicle Photo : Mayra Beltran , Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Killers of Americans south of border rarely caught 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 22 - year - old man from Houston and his 16 - year - old friend are hauled out of a minivan in Mexico , shot execution style by thugs in a black Lincoln Continental , and left dead in the dirt .
The body of a 65 - year - old nurse from Brownsville is found floating in the Rio Grande after a visit to a Mexican beauty salon .
An American retiree , an ex-Marine , is stabbed to death as he camps on a Baja beach with his dog .
More than 200 U.S. citizens have been slain in Mexico ’s escalating wave of violence since 2004 — an average of nearly one killing a week , according to a Houston Chronicle investigation into the deaths .
Rarely are the killers captured .
The U.S. State Department tracks most American homicides abroad , but the department releases minimal statistics and does n’t include victims ’ names or details about the deaths .
The Chronicle examined hundreds of records to document the personal tragedies behind them .
“ I ’m no longer the same person , ” said Paula Valdez , a Houston mother whose son was slain near her childhood home in Mexico ’s Guerrero state in 2004 .
More U.S. citizens suffered unnatural deaths in Mexico than in any other foreign country — excluding military killed in combat zones — from 2004 to 2007 , State Department statistics show .
Most died in the recent outbreaks of violence in border cities — Tijuana , Ciudad Juarez and Nuevo Laredo .
Although , historically , even Mexico ’s most violent urban centers had homicide rates below those of major U.S. cities , recent attacks and border violence driven by drug demand have escalated well beyond limited narco - executions .
Juarez last year ranked among the world ’s most murderous cities .
The Chronicle analysis showed some American homicide victims were involved in organized crime .
The dead include at least two dozen victims labeled hitmen , drug dealers , human smugglers or gang members , based on published investigators ’ accusations .
Others were drug users or wanted for crimes in the United States .
But in at least 70 other cases , U.S. citizens appear to have been killed while in Mexico for innocent reasons : visiting family , taking a vacation , or simply living or working there .
Locations and intentions
In an interview with the Chronicle , Mexican Congressman Juan Francisco Rivera Bedoya of Nuevo Leon , a former prosecutor who heads the national Public Safety Commission , said he believes most American victims get killed after crossing the border to participate in illegal activities or venturing into unsafe areas .
“ Tourists visiting cathedrals , museums and other cultural centers are not at risk , ” he said .
Across Mexico , more than 5,000 lives were taken last year , including police , public officials , journalists and bystanders , with seemingly little regard for age , social status or nationality , Mexican authorities report .
Mutilated bodies have been draped on highway overpasses or posed in schoolyards and public squares .
Authorities have uncovered mass graves known as narcofosas and body disposal sites , where killers dissolved corpses in barrels of chemicals .
At least 40 Americans were among those killed and dumped in gruesome methods favored by cartel killers , the Chronicle found .
Two Texan teens were victims of an American serial killer in Nuevo Laredo , who bragged to a friend in a recorded cell phone call that he stewed their remains in vats .
Recent border victims include at least 15 U.S. - born children and teenagers .
In 2008 , Austin Kane Danielsen , an 18 - year - old Kansan visiting Mexico for the first time , was attacked , beaten and kicked after leaving a disco in Matamoros .
His attackers used a pickup to drag his brutalized body 30 yards and dumped it next to a railroad track .
In 2005 , Eddy Vargas , an El Paso teen , was beaten to death on his way to a Juarez ice cream store .
In 2004 , two California - born women , Sandra Luz Castro Pelayo and Vividiana Estrella Martinez , both 18 , were raped , murdered and thrown into a canal in La Rosita by gang members .
A wave of killings in Juarez — a stunning 1,600 victims in 2008 and more than 210 so far this year — took the lives of three Americans in three weeks , including an El Paso nurse and her physician assistant friend who were showered with bullets on Nov. 22 as they drove in a funeral procession for her sister , who was a victim of an earlier slaying .
Yet the State Department has officially issued a statement of protest in only three homicide cases in the past five years , the Chronicle found .
Those include the 2006 murder of independent journalist Brad Will , which remains unsolved though the killing was videotaped , and the in-custody 2005 death of Pauline Baeza , a California community college student , who died of head injuries suffered in an Ensenada jail .
Originally classified as a homicide , the State Department now lists Baeza ’s death as accidental .
International human rights groups and journalism associations joined the State Department in protesting the 2004 slaying in a Nuevo Laredo prison of Texas native Mario Medina .
Medina , 23 , was accused of knifing to death his neighbor , El Manana newspaper editor Roberto Mora .
Human rights groups alleged Medina had been framed with falsified evidence — including a fake murder weapon .
Medina was killed after he claimed Mexican police tortured a confession from him .
Low arrest rate
Few killers get caught .
Nationally , only 20 percent of homicide cases in Mexico result in arrests , according to a Chronicle analysis of data from the Citizens ’ Safety Institute , a Mexico City - based nonprofit that surveys Mexican prosecutors nationwide .
In Tlaxcala , a mostly rural state described in the Mexican press as a base for some of Mexico ’s notorious human trafficking gangs , the clearance rate was just 8 percent .
U.S. consular officials usually withhold names and details of American victims for privacy reasons , though the State Department did issue “ travel alerts ” last year for several border communities , warning that “ dozens of U.S. citizens ” had been kidnapped and / or killed in Tijuana .
The warning gave no details .
“ We ’re not trying to scare anybody off , but we sure as heck want people to be aware of the dangerous conditions that they might encounter in certain parts of the country , ” said former U.S. Ambassador to Mexico Tony Garza in an interview before he left his post .
Under Garza , a Bush - appointee , the U.S. Embassy in Mexico issued no public statements in response to a single slaying since the Oct. 27 , 2006 , homicide of journalist Will .
Records from the prosecutor in Baja California Norte , where more than 90 Americans have been killed since 2003 , mostly in the Tijuana area , showed none of the cases from 2004 to 2006 had been closed .
In nearly all cases involving U.S. citizens killed in Mexico , U.S. government response has been silent — affected at every level by the complex political and economic relationship between the two countries .
Embassy - based representatives of the U.S. government ’s Citizen Services program are supposed to help American victims ’ families monitor developments in homicide cases and keep them “ informed ” of police or judicial investigations , according to State Department regulations .
75 still missing
In addition to those killed , as many as 75 Americans , mainly from Texas and California , remain missing in Mexico , based on FBI data .
U.S. authorities who monitor border crime argue they are legally limited in helping families of Americans killed or kidnapped in Mexico , where they can investigate by invitation only .
Colombian officials , with decades of experience fighting drug - induced violence , have signed international treaties to tap U.S. crime - fighting databases used to track bullets , guns , fingerprints and DNA of criminals .
Historically , local and state investigators have not accessed the data , although guns used in many killings and suspects ’
DNA often can be traced back to the United States .
These tools slowly are being used in federal anti-crime efforts launched by Mexican President Felipe Calderon , including an initiative to identify U.S. victims ’
DNA in mass graves uncovered in border investigations .
In 2008 , at least two men accused of killing Americans in Mexico were tracked back to the United States through binational initiatives .
One was arrested in Houston .
Mexican Congressman Rivera Bedoya acknowledged that the increase in border homicides in Mexico , and the flow of guns from the United States that supplies most of the murder weapons , is a binational security problem that has cost many innocent lives .
“ We have to collaborate — the security of Mexico is the security of the United States , ” he said .
Chronicle staff writer Dudley Althaus , researcher Joyce Lee and Mexico - based freelance journalist Jaime Delgado contributed to this report .
lise.olsen@chron.com
NEW YORK , Nov. 28 ( UPI ) --
The New York Knicks have suspended guard Stephon Marbury for one game , ESPN reported Friday .
The suspension comes after he was told by Coach Mike D'Antoni to enter Wednesday 's game against the Detroit Pistons and refused , his second refusal this week .
Advertisement
The report added Marbury has been told to stay away from the team at least until Monday , when his status will be re-addressed /
The 12 - year veteran will not be paid when he misses Saturday 's contest against Golden State at Madison Square Garden .
Also , he will not be welcome in the home locker room , ESPN said .
Wednesday 's incident appears to be a case of insubordination , a claim Marbury denied in an earlier interview with the New York Post .
" I never told ( D'Antoni ) I 'm not going to play , " Marbury told the newspaper .
" Those words never came out of my mouth . "
" We feel the discipline imposed by the Knicks is baseless , " NBA Players ' Association attorney Hal Biagas told ESPN .
" We plan to file a grievance . "
Today I am launching a new and much - coveted award .
It will be presented to whoever manages , in the course of 2009 , to cram as many misrepresentations , distortions and falsehoods into a single article , statement , lecture , film or interview about climate change .
The prize consists of a tasteful trophy made from recycled materials .
Later this week , I will publish the full terms and conditions and unveil the beautiful trophy , which is currently being fashioned by master craftsmen in mid-Wales .
I 'm also suggesting that the lucky winner take a one - way solo kayak trip to the North Pole , to see for him or herself the full extent of the Arctic ice melt - but that 's not part of the prize .
My first nomination for this award is ... Christopher Booker !
In his latest column for the Sunday Telegraph , Booker manages six and a half clangers : pretty good going in fewer than 900 words .
Here they are :
Claim 1 :
" [ James Hansen of Nasa ] was last week publicly disowned by his former supervisor Dr John Theon , who said that Hansen 's unscientific claims had been an embarrassment to Nasa ever since he joined Al Gore in whipping up panic over global warming back in 1988 . "
Fact :
Theon was not Hansen 's supervisor in any reasonable meaning of the word , as blogger BigCityLib and Gavin Schmidt of NASA have noted .
Claim 2 :
" Nothing was more laughable than the sequence showing a huge poster of the infamous ' hockey stick ' temperature graph being driven round London on the back of a lorry , without any mention of the expert studies which have made the ' hockey stick ' one of the most comprehensively discredited artefacts in the history of science . "
Fact :
Far from being discredited , the hockey stick graph of past temperature reconstructions has been supported by a large number of further studies , as you can see in this graphic and on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 's site .
Those who claimed to discredit it have been comprehensively rebuffed .
You can read more about this on the A Few Things Ill Considered blog and on Real Climate .
Claim 3 :
" As late as August 28 this year it [ the BBC ] was still predicting that Arctic ice might soon disappear , just as this winter 's refreezing was about to take ice cover back to a point it was at 30 years ago . "
Fact :
This is complete trash .
See the latest results from the National Snow and Ice Data Center .
It reports : " Average Arctic sea ice extent for the month of December was 12.53 m square kilometres ( 4.84 m sq miles ) .
This was 140,000 sq km ( 54,000 sq miles ) greater than for December 2007 and 830,000 sq km ( 320,000 sq miles ) less than the 1979 to 2000 December average . "
And : " Average ice extent in December was well below average and very close to that measured in 2007 . "
Claims 4 , 5a , 5 b and 6 :
" The BBC could n't wait to publicise the recent study claiming that Antarctica , far from getting colder over the past 50 years ( claim 4 ) , as all the evidence suggests , has in fact been warming ( 5a ) .
It did n't , of course , explain that the new study is based on a computer model ( 5b ) , run by the creator of the " hockey stick " [ Martin Mann ] , which in the absence of hard data ( 6 ) , allows for inspired guesswork - what the study 's authors call ' sparse data infilling ' . "
Facts :
4 . All the evidence suggests nothing of the kind , as Real Climate 's Gavin Schmidt explains .
5 . The study is , in fact , based on satellite data and air temperature records from weather stations , as you can see in this letter .
5*. Michael Mann is one author of some of the past temperature reconstruction studies .
He is only the fourth of six authors of the Antarctic warming paper .
6 . As you can see in this joint letter , there is a good deal of hard data as well .
Well , that 's a pretty impressive performance , and a strong challenge to all those climate change deniers who might be tempted to have a pop at this prestigious prize .
So who will take on the mighty Booker ?
Let battle begin !
Monbiot.com
This blog has been amended
Prosecutors drop most serious charges against The Pirate Bay on only the second day of trial in Sweden
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The prosecution has dropped the most serious charges against the irreverent Swedish filesharing service The Pirate Bay on only the second day of its trial for assisting widespread copyright infringement .
After being unable to prove in court that illegally distributed files had used The Pirate Bay site – despite clear markers in the files , which are labelled with the Pirate Bay name – the prosecution , representing a swathe of high - profile music and film companies including Warner Bros , MGM , Universal and EMI – had to abandon almost half the charges .
Co-defendant Fredrik Neij said that prosecutor Håkan Roswall had misunderstood the technology and that his evidence did not implicate The Pirate Bay .
The prosecution then had to drop all charges relating to " assisting copyright infringement " , leaving the lesser charges of " assisting making available copyrighted content " , with Roswall adding that " everything related to reproduction will be removed from the claim " .
Per Samuelson , the lawyer representing the defence , claimed the prosecutor 's slip - up was a sensation .
" It is very rare to win half the target in just one and a half days , and it is clear that the prosecutor took strong note of what we said yesterday , " he commented , referring to an earlier comment that supplying a service that can be used illegally is not in itself illegal .
The prosecution immediately down played the setback , claiming that dropping the charges related to copying copyrighted works would simplify the case against The Pirate Bay .
" It 's a largely technical issue , " said Peter Danowsky , legal counsel for the music companies that brought the case .
" It changes nothing in terms of our compensation claims and has no bearing whatsoever on the main case against The Pirate Bay .
In fact it simplifies the prosecutor 's case by allowing him to focus on the main issue , which is the making available of copyrighted works . "
The Pirate Bay does not host content itself , but indexes files hosted by users of the peer - to - peer filesharing tool BitTorrent .
Users search the site to find the files they want , and then download them directly from other users ' machines .
The site , based in Sweden , has been a persistent thorn in the side of the big media companies since it launched in 2003 , already dodging one legal threat and repeatedly baiting what it sees as an outdated industry .
" It 's not defending the technology , " said co-defendant Peter Sunde in a press conference .
" It 's more like defending the idea of the technology and that 's probably the most important thing in this case – the political aspect of letting the technology be free and not controlled by an entity which does n't like technology . "
If you want to follow coverage of the trial , see our previous blogpost .
While watching TV the other day , it occurred to me how many gum commercials there have been over the years .
Some have catchy jingles , some insist that four out of five dentists recommend that brand , and some are downright funny .
So I present to you , the best that I could find :
Airwaves ( Wrigley )
Bazooka ( Topps )
Big Red ( Wrigley )
Big League Chew ( Amurol Confections )
Bubble Yum ( Hershey )
Bubblicious ( Cadbury )
Carefree ( Hershey )
Chiclets ( Cadbury )
Cinnaburst ( Cadbury )
Dentyne ( Cadbury )
Doublemint ( Wrigley )
Eclipse ( Wrigley )
Eclipse Ice ( Wrigley )
Extra ( Wrigley )
Five ( Wrigley )
Freedent ( Wrigley )
Hubba Bubba ( Wrigley )
Ice Breakers ( Hershey )
Juicy Fruit “ The Taste is Gonna Move Ya ! ”
Nicorette
Orbit ( Wrigley )
Stimorol ( Dandy )
Stride ( Cadbury )
Trident ( Cadbury )
Winterfresh ( Wrigley )
Wrigley ’s Spearmint ( Wrigley )
With his wide - eyed scholarly enthusiasm , youthful good looks and penchant for world travel , is doing his best to become the Indiana Jones of economics .
Certainly the Harvard professor , economist , historian and bestselling author has become something of a poster pundit for the continuing global economic crisis .
The publication of “ The Ascent of Money : A Financial History of the World ” seems a miracle of perfect timing and comes complete with a four - hour documentary that will air on PBS this year .
But Ferguson is not one to let the grass grow under his feet .
In light of recent events , he and his producers have put together a two - hour version to help explain the current crisis .
That appears on “ Frontline ” tonight .
If making a television show about the history of finances , or even the woes of the last few years , seems a Herculean task of perhaps mind - numbing proportions , well it must be said that one ’s enjoyment of the “ The Ascent of Money ” may have a direct relationship to one ’s success in remaining awake during those 90 - minute Econ 101 lectures .
Advertisement
Which is n’t to say that Ferguson and his filmmakers do n’t give it their cinematic all .
With superimposed graphics , time - lapse photography , chalked equations that sparkle with stars , even an interview with a real live cowboy ( on the nature of herd mentality , of course ) , “ The Ascent of Money ” spares neither bell nor whistle .
And for every modern event , Ferguson provides a historical precedent , which means much excellent historical footage and narrative tidbits .
Within the first half hour , the viewer is treated to scenes from ( predictably ) the New York Stock Exchange and ( less predictably ) “ The Merchant of Venice . ”
For a few minutes it ’s hard to tell whether this is a travelogue or a History Channel doc as we move among the colorful citizenry of Peru and Italy before we are dumped , fairly unceremoniously , in Nashville , Tenn. , which is apparently the bankruptcy capital of the United States .
While there are lovely tidbits to be gleaned from this crash course in the origins of banking , the transition is a little jarring .
Indeed , “ The Ascent of Money ” too often feels like what it is -- an abbreviated , cobbled - together version of a larger work .
Even so , no one will call it unambitious .
Ferguson takes us on a breathless trip through the greatest hits of U.S. economic history , from the Louisiana Purchase to Enron , explaining along the way why real estate bubbles are tragically recurring events and stock markets are not to be trusted , why subprime lending is stupid but securitizing those loans is really stupid , why those guys who won the Nobel Prize for mathematically predicting the stock market were totally wrong ( but apparently did not have to give the prize back ) , how China is bankrolling America but may not be as safe as it thinks it is .
It is by necessity a long and complicated trip , and if I could condense it into a revelatory sentence or two , I certainly would n’t be sitting here writing television reviews .
Advertisement
The problem is that even with all the colorful visuals and a few interviews with key players ( not to mention the cowboy ) , “ The Ascent of Money ” boils down to a two - hour lecture on American economics .
While Ferguson is tireless in his enthusiasm for explaining difficult things with lively language and interesting historical detail , even he may have bitten off a bit more than he can chew , at least in two hours .
--
mary.mcnamara@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
‘ The Ascent
of Money ’
Where : KCET
When : 9 tonight
Advertisement
Rating : TV - PG ( may be unsuitable for young children )
The wildest month in the history of Wall Street ended on Halloween with both scary and thrilling price movements .
October was the worst month for the Standard & Poor ’s index of 500 stocks in 21 years — since the 1987 stock market crash .
But the final week was the best week for the market in 34 years .
As befits such a wild month , it was the most volatile in the 80 - year history of the S.& P. 500 .
The huge gains of the final week were reminiscent of the sharp recoveries from bear market lows in 1974 and 1982 .
Both of those moves came while the economy was mired in recession , as it almost certainly is now .
Scores on the doors :
0 you 're supposed to press the ' start ' button first , doofus !
0 -9 HELLO ? are you awake ?
10 - 14 this is feeble stuff
15 - 24 strictly amateur
25 - 34 very poor indeed
35 - 44 getting better
45 - 49 not great , but not bad at all
50 - 54 this is more like it - you 're looking hot
55 - 59 that 's some hot clicking action there
60 - 79 wow !
you are truly a connoisseur of clickers
80 - 90 great stuff - you 're one of the very best
91-100 you 're up there with the elite - way to go !
101 -110 wooargh !
you 're the king of the clickers !
111-120 truly awesome stuff - you 're the best
121-130 you 're so hot you 've got to be atomic
131 -140 you rule this game !
Spread your score !
Tell the world how you did !
# 142934 +( 11285 ) - [ X ] docsigma2000 : jesus christ man
docsigma2000 : my son is sooooooo dead
c8 info : Why ?
docsigma2000 : hes been looking at internet web sites in fucking EUROPE
docsigma2000 : HE IS SURFING LONG DISTANCE
docsigma2000 : our fucking phone bill is gonna be nuts
c8 info : Ooh , this is bad .
Surfing long distance adds an extra $ 69.99 to your bill per hour .
docsigma2000 : ...!!!!!!
FUCK FUCK FUCK
docsigma2000 : is there some plan we can sign up for ???
docsigma2000 : cuz theres some cool stuff in europe , but i dun wanna pauy that much
c8 info : Sorry , no .
There is no plan .
you 'll have to live with it .
docsigma2000 : o well , i ccan live without europe intenet sites .
docsigma2000 : but till i figure out how to block it hes sooooo dead
c8 info :
By the way , I 'm from Europe , your chatting long distance .
** docsigma2000 has quit ( Connection reset by peer )
Trailer for the animated adventure “ ” is finally online and looks great .
The CG - animated film at first was simply named “ ” and did n’t have a major distributer , but it has a fabulous voice cast : and , the director , has already won 3 festival awards for “ Battle for Terra ” at Giffoni Film Festival , Heartland Film Festival and Grand Prize for Best Animated Feature at Ottawa International Animation Festival .
In the film , a peaceful alien planet faces annihilation , as the homeless remainder of the human race sets its eyes on Terra .
Mala , a rebellious Terrian teenager , will do everything she can to stop it .
“ Battle for Terra ” from director Aristomenis Tsirbas who also wrote the story withis scheduled to hit theaters on May 1st , 2009 .
Mozilla Foundation chairperson Mitchell Baker contends that the inclusion of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer web browser in the Windows operating system represents an ongoing threat to competition and innovation on the Internet .
She supports the European Commission 's investigation of Microsoft 's bundling tactics and believes that remedies are needed to address Microsoft 's alleged abuses .
To that end , Mozilla intends to assist the commission by offering expertise about the browser market .
The European Commission ( EC ) issued a finding last month declaring that Microsoft has abused its dominant position as an operating system vendor by tying its web browser to the Windows platform .
The commission has sent a Statement of Objections to Microsoft which outlines the basis for the accusation .
Microsoft will be given the opportunity to respond in formal hearings before the EU evaluates the possibility of imposing fines or other remedies .
This move by the EC is a response to a complaint that was submitted against Microsoft by commercial browser vendor Opera in 2007 .
Opera 's web browser has largely failed to achieve mainstream acceptance and accounts for only one percent of the browser market .
Opera insists that the EC should force Microsoft to comply with W3C standards and unbundle Internet Explorer from Windows .
Microsoft is often accused of using subtle bugs and nonstandard rendering behaviors in Internet Explorer to coerce web developers into building web pages that are not compatible with other browsers .
Opera contends that mandatory standards compliance is the only way to prevent this alleged anticompetitive behavior .
Deeply flawed remedies
Although there is a lot of evidence that the low quality of Microsoft 's browser has had a negative impact on the advancement of web technologies , Opera 's claims and proposed remedies should be viewed with skepticism .
The EC 's previous attempts to impose unbundling sanctions on Microsoft have utterly failed to generate competition .
For example , PC vendors in Europe universally declined to offer Windows XP N , a version of Windows that omitted Windows Media Player to accommodate an EC antitrust remedy .
The proposal to mandate web standards compliance is not without problems .
Within the standards community , there is broad disagreement about the relevance of various standards and how they should be implemented .
For an example of this , look at Mozilla 's somewhat prickly response to the Acid 3 test .
Browser vendors clearly have different ways of prioritizing standards and determining which are relevant .
Internet Explorer is also not the only browser with longstanding standards compliance bugs .
I can think of quite a few standards that are poorly supported or supported dysfunctionally in other browsers .
Sometimes the spec itself is broken , as you can see in this E4X bug .
It 's hard to find a rational argument in favor of mandatory standards enforcement .
It would be punitive and unhelpful to the advancement of the web .
Does the browser market really lack competition ?
Claims that Microsoft 's monopoly status has eliminated competition in the browser market sound hollow in the face of the profoundly vibrant browser market that exists today .
The record - setting launch of Firefox 3 added up to over 8 million downloads in the first 24 hours alone .
Firefox 's global market share continues to climb every month , and the browser has grabbed almost 30 percent of the European market .
A number of compelling WebKit - based alternatives have emerged in the past year , leading to intense competition in JavaScript performance , rendering capabilities , and standards compliance .
Google 's Chrome browser could soon be shipped by PC vendors instead of , or alongside , Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
In response to this emerging competition and pressure from users , Microsoft will deliver extensive standards - compliance improvements in Internet Explorer 8 .
It 's also worth noting that Microsoft 's dominant position in the operating system market — which is cited as the company 's unfair advantage over the rest of the browser makers — has also declined over the past year as Apple 's Mac OS X operating system gains record traction .
That factor by itself is eroding Microsoft 's ability to retain Internet Explorer 's entrenched status .
To the observant tech enthusiast , all signs seem to indicate that Microsoft 's monopoly is on its way out .
The Redmond giant is in no danger of annihilation , but it 's definitely not positioned to dictate terms to the rest of the industry anymore .
Baker , however , has a very different interpretation of these facts .
" The success of Mozilla and Firefox does not indicate a healthy marketplace for competitive products , " she wrote .
" I am convinced that we could not have been , and will not be , successful except as a public benefit organization living outside the commercial motivations .
And I certainly hope that neither the EU nor any other government expects to maintain a healthy Internet ecosystem based on nonprofits stepping in to correct market deficiencies . "
I think that her position on this matter is highly questionable .
There are quite a few open source software enthusiasts who would argue that , for a broad range of software products , the emergence of a Mozilla - like model is actually desirable and highly advantageous for consumers .
A point will eventually arrive for many kinds of software where there is simply no point in trying to derive value from shrink - wrapping it , and then efforts will converge around collaboratively - developed open source implementations that will displace and eliminate the need for proprietary commercial implementations .
Why should that be viewed as unhealthy ?
Microsoft 's monopoly forced competitors to innovate
Microsoft 's market dominance really just accelerated the motion in that direction within the browser market .
The popularization of the open source development model arguably emerged as a response to Microsoft 's monopoly .
Developers had to find innovative ways to compete with an entrenched product .
If the government had intervened in the software industry at an early stage and those conditions had n't existed , the browser market could arguably be a lot less rich and competitive than it is today .
If Internet Explorer had never gained the dominant marketshare to necessitate a change in the status quo , the only browser choices we would have today might be between an ad-encumbered Opera and a proprietary Netscape .
It 's risky to let the government perpetually equalize the market , because sometimes the greatest innovations appear when inventors have to face tougher odds .
It 's also worthwhile to wonder what will happen when the shoe is on the other foot .
If Firefox achieves a majority marketshare in Europe , will Opera file a complaint with the EU and contend that open source licensing constitutes an " artificial distribution advantage " over other browsers ?
That may seem like a far - fetched suggestion , but it would n't be the first time that such concerns have been voiced about open source software .
Opera is certainly not above attacking Mozilla in that manner .
Encouraging sanctions against dominant vendors on the basis of dominance sets a dangerous precedent .
Baker is at least mindful of the challenges that are associated with finding fair and effective remedies .
She acknowledges that the situation has a lot of complexities that make it unclear how the problem should be addressed and that a poor remedy could have negative consequences for the industry .
It 's disappointing , however , to see Mozilla and other browser makers looking for government intervention rather than demonstrating the unequivocal superiority of standards - compliant web browsers by defeating Microsoft on their own .
It 's hard to imagine anything good coming from all of this .
Word comes in advance of the New York Toy Fair that the battle for Jedi Force - training device supremacy has been joined .
Mattel will be demonstrating its own version of the biofeedback game that challenges players to focus their minds to raise and lower a ball on a column of air , similar to the one we reported on a few weeks back .
Mattel ’s twist , called Mindflex , gives the device a bigger challenge and makes it more of an enjoyable game by adding a dial to give you , the budding Force initiate , the ability to control the horizontal movement as well , and laying out an obstacle course to pilot the ball through ... with your mind !
We can envision this becoming quite the amusing party game for kids or adults , though we really , really think the lack of Star Wars branding is still holding back the device ’s full potential .
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcJ6C6EWy1U
The government has been a mess for the past few weeks  many would argue for the past few years  with the president and the prime minister bitterly and publicly blaming each other for the country ’s crisis .
More than 100 of the 275 members of Parliament are in Kenya , refusing to go home , saying they will be killed .
Western diplomats , United Nations officials and the Ethiopians seem to be turning against the transitional president , Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed , a cantankerous former warlord in his 70s who has thwarted just about every peace proposal .
“ Yusuf has gone from being seen as the solution to being seen as the problem , ” said a senior Western diplomat in Kenya , speaking on condition of anonymity in accord with diplomatic protocol .
But Mr. Yusuf ’s clan still backs him , and Western diplomats said he might soon flee to his clan stronghold in northeast Somalia .
Most analysts predict that the war - weary people of Mogadishu would initially welcome the Islamists , out of either relief or fear .
In 2006 , Islamist troops teamed up with clan elders and businessmen to drive out the warlords who had been preying upon Somalia ’s people since the central government first collapsed in 1991 .
The six months the Islamists ruled Mogadishu turned out to be one of the most peaceful periods in modern Somali history .
But today ’s Islamists are a harder , more brutal group than the ones who were ousted by an Ethiopian invasion , backed by the United States , in late 2006 .
The old guard included many moderates , but those who tried to work with the transitional government mostly failed , leaving them weak and marginalized , and removing a mitigating influence on the die - hard insurgents .
On top of that , the unpopular and bloody Ethiopian military operations over the past two years have radicalized many Somalis and sent hundreds of unemployed young men  most of whom have never gone to school , never been part of a functioning society and never had much of a chance to do anything but shoulder a gun  into the arms of militant Islamic groups .
The plan aims to make fashion more environmentally sound and ethical
The government has launched a campaign to tackle the environmental impact of a " fast fashion " culture .
About two million tonnes of clothing end up in landfill every year .
More than 300 retailers , producers and designers are part of the " sustainable clothing action plan " , launched at the start of London Fashion Week .
Ministers say customers should be sure clothing is made , sold and disposed of " without damaging the environment or using poor labour practices " .
The initiative outlines commitments to make fashion more sustainable throughout its lifecycle : from design and manufacture to retail and disposal .
It hopes to draw attention to the environmental impact of cheap , throwaway clothes , which have become hugely popular on the High Street but are adding to the UK 's landfill .
HAVE YOUR SAY
Why do they end up in landfill ?
I lived in Africa for many years and there 's millions of people literally living in rags Paul , UK The Department for the Environment , Food and Rural Affairs ( Defra ) says the clothing and textiles sector in the UK produces around 3.1 m tonnes of carbon dioxide , 2 m tonnes of waste and 70 m tonnes of waste water per year .
Gases such as CO2 , emitted by fossil fuel burning , and methane , released from landfill sites , are widely believed to be contributing to global warming .
As part of the action plan : Marks and Spencer , Tesco and Sainsbury 's have pledged to increase their ranges of Fairtrade and organic clothing , and support fabrics which can be recycled more easily
Tesco is banning cotton from countries known to use child labour
Charities such as Oxfam and the Salvation Army will open more sustainable clothing boutiques featuring high quality second - hand clothing and new designs made from recycled garments
The Centre for Sustainable Fashion at the London College of Fashion will be resourced to provide practical support to the clothing sector
The Fairtrade Foundation will aim for at least 10 % of cotton clothing in the UK to be Fairtrade material by 2012 .
The Minister for Sustainability , Lord Hunt , announced the plan at the launch of the sixth season of estethica , the world 's leading showcase of ethical designer fashion , at London Fashion Week .
He said climate change was a bigger problem than the economy , and the clothing industry was " responsible for lots and lots of greenhouse gas emissions " .
Launching the action plan , he said : " It 's going to be great for the fashion industry , great for the climate and for anyone who's in the supply industry in developing countries to those working in retail .
" We believe customers want sustainable clothing and we want to give them as much as possible . "
Complex challenges Jane Milne , business environment director of the British Retail Consortium , said retailers should be " applauded , not criticised , for providing customers with affordable clothing , particularly during these tough economic times " .
" They 're raising standards for overseas workers , offering clothes made from organic and Fairtrade cotton and encouraging the re-use and recycling of unwanted clothes , " she added .
The challenge is to reduce the amount of damage we are doing now , while a revised , sustainable model of consumption is created
Malcolm Ball , ASBCI chairman
Fast fashion from UK to Uganda The ASBCI , the forum for clothing and textiles , said the industry was " very cognisant " of the environmental issues it faced and " highly motivated " to find solutions .
Chairman Malcolm
Ball said the challenges facing the industry and the consumer were " complex " .
Taking cotton as an example , he said organic cotton was highly desirable but represented only a fraction of world production , adding that growing it " requires vast amounts of the most precious resource on earth - water " .
" There are many voices who argue the current Western model of fast and cheap fashion is totally unsustainable in the medium to long term , " he said .
" The challenge is to reduce the amount of damage we are doing now , while a revised , sustainable model of consumption is created . "
Cheap , throwaway clothes are adding to the UK 's landfill Allana McAspurn , of ethical fashion campaign body Made - By , said change would be gradual : " It 's about continuous improvement - a step - by - step approach .
" We 've created a situation where we 've got really cheap clothes and that 's not going to re-addressed overnight . "
London Fashion
Week runs from Friday until Wednesday .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I do n't really know where to start with the new 90210 , a teen soap reboot of the original teen soap Beverly Hills : 90210 .
The theme song was the same , sort of .
But it was shortened and mangled .
Those same towering , skinny palm trees loomed grandly over the fast moving cars , but they looked almost sickly and tired .
And even poor Nat was there , our little old Peach Pit - owning friend , shuffling around the teen hangout .
But the new building was stony and cold and confusing and never explained and Nat had to bang away at some espresso machine monstrosity and make a tired old person joke .
Basically the first two episodes of the new 90210 , which aired back - to - back last night , were both extremely frustrating and entirely bland .
There were some fun moments , many having to do with people from the original series , but mostly it " blows .
bites .
sucks , " to quote poor Michael — I mean " Dixon . "
We have Becky from Full House and that Rob Estes dude from Sleazy Guys :
The TV Series moving with their Canadian redheaded twig of a thing ( Shenae Grimes , dangerously slimmed down from her Degrassi : The Next Generation days ) and their adopted son Dixon , a young black fellow played head scratchingly by Tristan Wilds , who was all deep - buried pain and hooded sadness as Michael on HBO 's so - in - another - galaxy - from - this - it 's - laughable The Wire .
Jessica
Walter is the aging , drunken actress mother of Estes , and is basically just doing a watered - down version of her terrific bitchy mess of a mom on Arrested Development .
So that 's the set - up , Kansas family moves back to dad 's mom's Beverly Hills manse to take care of her ( though that was so weakly explained ) .
He will be the principal of West Beverly Hills High School , and Aunt Becky will ...
I dunno , stand around looking at photo shoots .
The kids will gawp at their new toned , tawny , forty - three - year - old classmates .
I 'm sure in some way it was a winking nod to the aged Gabrielle Carteris and Luke Perry of the original , who were well out of high school when they were cast in teenager roles , that the actress who plays queen bee bitch ( with a hint of sadness and smarts ! )
Naomi probably graduated from the University of Oregon at Eugene in 1993 .
She 's got a wild mane of hair , stern glowing eyes , and a knowledge of how to slink and work her curves that no fifteen - year - old girl ( God help us ) should ever possess .
There is also Ethan , the woodchuck - esque lacrosse star , former make - out buddy of Canada St. Kansas , and current blow - job - from - another - girl - receiving boyfriend of Naomi .
( That blowjob was graphic enough to elicit an " eep ! " from me . )
There 's some sloppy romantic triangle being set up there but ... yawwwn .
There is also Silver , a nasty little bloggette ( at one point she says something like " blogs are supposed to cause problems " ) who is the half sister of Kelly Taylor and David Silver from the original .
Whee !
Connections !
She befriends Canada St. Kansas sort of , while Dixon takes some ridiculous news class with a guy named Navid Shirazi ( mmm ... Shiraz ) who quickly fast - talks him into a friendship , though cluckingly disapproves when Dix expresses an interest in the lacrosse team .
And ... would it be too sweeping just to say that various highjinxs ensue , none of which are interesting ?
Canada gets involved in a ludicrous high school production of Spring Awakening ( upstaging the show 's troubled , druggy lead ) , and gets jetted off by its faggy male star to San Francisco ( hahhh ! ) for a romantic dinner .
Dix gets in trouble with a school prank .
Naomi cheats back and tears are shed .
Srsly overloaded for the first two hours .
And those are just the kids !
The adults are silly too , the parents chief among them as bland cool dad / cool mom robots who have awkward , implied sex .
There is of course the hip teacher , with scruff and jeans and a tie in the style of Ryan Gosling 's mesmerizing crack addicted dialectics fan in Half Nelson , who is also ( conveniently ! ) the lacrosse coach .
The old adults ... oh God bless 'em , they 're the only rock we have to cling to here .
Kelly ( who has a kid !
Brandon's ?? ) and Brenda are back , looking good and having nice conversations about nice things .
I 'm sure the show 's depressingly young audience members were scratching their heads at these befuddling wrinkled people and their shorthand relationship with the camera , but it sure as hell beat the too - short , jump - cutty scenes of the youngs .
All told the show made me feel both giddy and sad .
Giddy for jokes like Hannah Zuckerman - Vasquez ( the little Latina Jewess does the news at West Bev ! ) and sad for blowjob and jerk - off jokes , espresso and trendy bands .
My mom , sister , and I watched the original every Wednesday night for years and years .
When I was younger it was the only television I was allowed to watch after 8 pm .
That may seem silly , but I have many fond memories of that slightly older time , and this new thing ... this dreadful sunburn of a thing , just felt like a vague dismissal .
" Here are those old things , batting around the periphery .
See if you notice them .
We 're going to focus on the dull hardbodies in the meantime . "
I suppose nothing was owed to the show 's old fans , it was free entertainment for so long , after all .
But this new Beverly Hills just felt cheap and unfriendly ; it had none of the glittery and warm and oddly wholesome allure of the old storied town .
The whole place was a giant clothing store , stretching for miles and miles .
At one point in the episode a bunch of the characters were at The Pit , the trendy nightclub , drinking cocktails with cool teacher McGee in the background and oozing around the dance floor .
I thought of the spring dance episode from the original — with its similar swirling lights and blue hues — where Brenda painstakingly weighs her options and finally decides to lose it to Dylan .
How many months and years went into that one moment !
And now I suspected these new kids had made that same decision somewhere between the bar and the bathroom .
And , however naively , I wanted to click my heels and go all the way back — despite the current idiots milling about the place — to the safe and ancient Walsh - infested corners of dear old Minnesota .
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
The mummified remains of a woman have been found sitting in an armchair in front of a black and white TV set 42 years after she was reported missing .
Croatian police say Hedviga Golik , then aged 42 , had apparently made herself a cup of tea and sat down before dying suddenly .
Neighbours who saw her before she " vanished " in 1966 thought she had left the capital Zagreb .
She was eventually reported missing but no one looked in the flat .
Police made the grim discovery when they broke in to check the ownership of the tiny apartment .
A police spokesman said : " We have no idea how it is possible someone reported missing so long ago was not found in the apartment she used to live in . "
When you launch such a command :
$ python setup.py register sdist upload
There ’s no way to give to Distutils your PyPI password in the prompt , so you distribution is uploaded to the server .
You have to store your password in the . pypirc file :
[ distutils ] index - servers = pypi [ pypi ] username : < username > password : < password >
The password is stored in clear text , so it can be used by Distutils to authenticate .
This is rather unsecure , since anyone who has a read access to your home can get your password .
I have detected this problem this summer while listing the possible enhancements in Distutils .
Nathan Van
Gheem sent me a mail a month ago to ask for that same feature in collective .
dist ; which is a port of the latest Distutils features into Python 2.4 so Zope can use them .
So before having it into collective .
dist , the first step was to introduce it into Python itself .
The idea is to be able to remove from . pypirc the password so it ’s asked at the prompt .
Nothing fancy here : the Distribution object that is created before you launch any command is the place where you can share a context between commands .
So when you launch :
$ python setup.py register sdist upload
Here ’s what is happening :
register looks into . pypirc , if no password is found , it asks it to the user using getpass register use it then store it in the Distribution instance upload look into the Distribution instance to see if the password was stored , and use it
This is now available in Python 2.7 and 3.1 , and heavily tested .
I ’d like to go further and to think about a ssh - agent like system , so there ’s no need to enter the pasword everytime you work with PyPI in the same session .
Does anyone knows what would be the way to do it properly ?
I think a ssh - agent like mechanism in Python ’s getpass would be a great feature itself .
HEBRON , West Bank ( Reuters ) - Jewish settlers torched a rooftop enclosure of a Palestinian man ’s home in the West Bank city of Hebron on Saturday , a Palestinian police spokesman said .
The United Nations as well as Palestinian and Israeli officials have condemned violence by settlers since tensions rose on Thursday in the occupied territory after Israel ’s eviction of settler families from a disputed Hebron building .
Nidal Awawi told Reuters a room he had built on his roof was blackened and destroyed by a fire set off before dawn .
There were no casualties , he said .
A spokesman for Palestinian police , Ramadan Awad , blamed the arson on Jewish settlers he said were spotted fleeing the scene as flames engulfed the building .
Awawi ’s house is surrounded on three sides by settler homes .
Awad demanded Israel “ put an end to their ( settlers ’ ) aggression and carry out its responsibilities to restore calm . ”
An Israeli army spokeswoman said they had not received any report about the fire .
The Palestinian news agency Maan said settlers also blocked roads elsewhere in the West Bank , near the Jewish enclave of Yitzhar , a site of previous settler protests this week .
The U.N. Middle East envoy , Robert Serry , demanded in a statement on Friday that Israel put “ an immediate end to the settler attacks ” after settlers shot and wounded three Palestinians in a rampage the day beforehand in Hebron .
Israel said on Friday it had beefed up forces in the West Bank , a territory it captured in the 1967 Arab - Israeli war , to prevent further violence .
Hebron has long been a focus of Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Some 650 Jewish settlers live in fortified Hebron enclaves guarded by Israeli troops in the city of 180,000 Palestinians .
Palestinians and Western countries see the dozens of Jewish settlements Israel has built in the West Bank as a key obstacle to peace efforts .
The World Court has said the settlements are illegal , a decision disputed by Israel .
The latest tensions in Hebron flared after settlers defied a November 16 Israeli court order to vacate a house they said they had bought from a Palestinian man who denied ever selling it .
Israel sent in club - wielding troops to remove a dozen settler families from the building on Thursday , after days of stone - throwing protests there between Palestinians and settlers .
( Additional reporting by Wafa Amr in Ramallah )
In the interest of experimenting with found - art reliquary construction , I thought I 'd buy some mouse skulls .
To my shock , I could n't find any for sale , and eventually bought a muskrat skull on ebay * .
I eventually discovered Skulls Unlimited from a previous askMe , but they charge fifteen bucks plus shipping .
I guess I assumed that , since they are considered vermin and are regularly exterminated , in this crazy world would be selling mouse skull five for a dollar .
Preferably someone like Sarina Brewer , who uses and sells donated carcasses and roadkill only .
So , in short , anyone have any suggestions for cheap , ethical memento mori ?* Upon payment , I noticed that they also sold skins and traps , making me feel a bit as though I 'd commissioned this animal 's death .
Boo .
Feb. 5 , 2009  -- America 's CEOs are coming under fire these days not just for their hefty salaries but also for their use of private jets , limos with drivers and free trips to posh resorts .
But they are n't alone in living this lavish lifestyle -- the president of United States gets all these perks and more .
And unlike some of his Cabinet appointments , he does n't have to pay taxes on these benefits .
It might be a bit of a stretch to compare today 's corporate titans with the commander in chief , but some Wall Street bloggers clearly upset with President Obama 's attempts to rein in executive pay are doing just that .
" Some accountability needs to be put in place .
We wo n't have them kicking sand in the face of taxpayers any longer , " said one private equity worker on Dealbreaker.com , a Wall Street gossip site and blog .
The president makes $ 400,000 a year , but has n't received a raise from Congress since 2001 .
He also gets a $ 50,000 annual entertainment expense account ( any unused money at the end of the year must go back to the Treasury . )
Then there is the use of two private jets , Boeing 747s better known as Air Force One .
And of course the constant security details , drivers , a private chef , a country vacation estate and the rent - free use of a well - known , 132 - room mansion called the White House .
The president also used to have a yacht , until Jimmy Carter sold it .
But not everything is a freebie for the president and his family .
The Obamas have to pay for all their own groceries , drinks , dry cleaning and even their toothpaste .
All of those personal items get taken out of his salary .
Granted , the private chef then prepares dinner using those groceries .
The president 's salary and perks have come under the spotlight since Sen.
Claire McCaskill , D - Mo. , introduced a bill that would cap annual executive pay at companies receiving government bailout money at $ 400,000 .
Corporate America quickly pointed out that while the president also only makes $ 400,000 a year , he gets all sorts of extra perks and does n't have to pay taxes on them .
Presidential Vacations ' Part of the Job '
If a CEO borrows the company jet to go on a private vacation , he or she might not be charged by the company for the perk , but they do have to pay income taxes on the value of such a flight .
For the president , it 's a different story .
It 's hard to say that Air Force One and all of the president 's support staff should not travel with him , even on vacation , especially in the post - 9/11 world , said presidential historian and ABC News consultant Richard Norton Smith .
" Certainly , if the president goes on vacation , it 's part of the job , because the president never goes on vacation , " Smith said .
" I do n't you think you can legitimately argue against the communications and everything else that travels with and surrounds a president . "
( If the president adds a fundraiser into a trip , that portion of the expenses is typically paid back through the campaign . )
Ed Rogers , who was deputy assistant to the president and executive assistant to the White House chief of staff for George H.W. Bush , agreed that there 's a difference between the president and a company CEO .
" The presidency is a full - time job in the 24 - hour sense .
He must function and be able to function as president all the time , " Rogers said .
" The chairman of any corporation in America can kick back for a weekend and the potential downside is not that severe .
The notion of the president being out of pocket would be appealing to our enemies and dangerous to our republic . "
Rogers mentioned a few other nice perks of being in the White House , including movie studios delivering you copies of their latest films , instant communications with anyone in the world and a pretty nice view from your windows .
" It 's a good job in that regard , " he said .
" Unfortunately it does come with a lot of stress and responsibility that diminish the opportunity to enjoy the fact that hey , I 've got this nice big airplane . "
Living in the presidential bubble also creates a very " surreal experience , " Rogers said .
For instance , Bush and Ronald Reagan never carried any cash .
One time , when traveling with Reagan , Rogers said , " we went to a McDonald 's and somebody gave him a $ 50 bill .
He looked like he did n't know what to do with it . "
Living in the White House also leaves a paper trail .
President : Only Five Pay Raises in 220 Years
" [ President Ford 's son ]
Steve Ford , right when they moved into the White House , told his dad he was going to turn in early one evening , " Smith said .
" The next morning , the president asked him how was his evening .
He said fine .
It turned out that the president had been given an invoice for the food that Steve and his partying friends had consumed , figuring that nobody would know . "
Back when George Washington took office in 1789 , the presidential salary was $ 25,000 -- that 's more than $ 300,000 in today 's dollars .
Since then , there have only been five increases in the presidential pay , albeit pretty big ones .
When Congress does increase the pay , it tends to double it , which leads to some pretty interesting results .
For instance , George W. Bush made roughly twice what Bill Clinton made and Richard M. Nixon made twice what Lyndon B. Johnson made .
Stephen Hess , a senior fellow emeritus at the Brookings Institute and a veteran staffer of the Eisenhower and Nixon administrations and an advisor to Presidents Ford and Carter , was shocked anybody would even consider that the president " should n't have a private plane or should somehow pay taxes on it . "
" The idea of letting the President of the United States out without that degree of security is bizarre , " Hess said .
" I can't think of any perk that I would consider taxable when it has to do with handling the most important , often the most secure , business of the United States , " Hess added .
" We do n't pay the president a great deal of money . "
I have been reading exercise and nutrition material written by a gentleman named Dr. John Berardi since the late 1990’s .
Since that time he has published 8 scientific abstracts ; 15 scientific papers and textbook chapters ; presented at nearly 50 scientific , exercise , and nutrition related conferences ; and published countless articles online .
His first articles at Testosterone Magazine so many years ago , provided me with the basis for everything I know about nutrition today .
Now I will turn some of that knowledge over to you in the form of Nutrition Tips written by Dr. Berardi himself .
Today ’s Topic – Eat to Gain and Eat to Lose
Sometimes people believe that they need to starve themselves in order to lose weight .
They believe that if they can lose 1 pound a week by eating 2000 calories a day , then they could lose 10 pounds a week by eating 500 calories a day .
This is false .
When you decrease your calorie intake below a certain point , it signals your body to prepare for a famine by storing every single fraction of a calories that you intake .
This makes it one hundred times harder to burn calories through activity , and it makes you one hundred times lazier when it comes to exercising .
The 2 % Rule
I always publish nutrition guidelines that involve adding or subtracting as little as 100 calories per day , based on your fat loss or fat gain the previous week .
It is important to keep within a certain allowance for the percentage of fat loss in a week .
In fact , I recommend increasing your calories if you are losing more than 2 % of your overall body weight each week .
For example : we have a 200 lb man and an 800 lb man .
A 2 % fat loss for the 200 lb man , is 4 pounds in one week ; while a 2 % fat loss for the 800 lb man is 16 pounds in one week .
This seems reasonable .
In reality we probably would n’t want to see more than a 3 lb weight loss in one week for a healthy 200 lb man , but an 800 lb man could potentially lose 20 pounds or more in one week and still be safe .
The 2 % rule works pretty well , but it must also be applied with reason and in the context of each individual .
A 200 lb man losing 10 lbs a week will quickly see his muscle mass disappear and his weight loss come to a screeching halt as his body enters a state of famine .
As I mentioned , it is in this case that his body stores all calories as fat and catabolizes as much muscle mass as possible in order to make the body smaller and lighter .
Basically , eat more food to lose more fat .
Eat less food to store more fat and catabolize more muscle .
Let ’s see what JB has to say about it .
Tip : Revving Up Metabolism
“ I recommend more calories than most do .
That ’s because there ’s no such thing as a stagnant metabolic set - point .
Instead , metabolism chases intake .
So , if you want a bigger metabolism , you need a bigger food intake .
And if you ’re worried about fat gain with this approach , just use outcome - based decision making and adjust energy ( calorie ) intake every two weeks based on your results .
Not much ‘ damage ’ can take place in only two weeks .
So if you end up boosting your metabolism , you ’ll be thanking me eternally .
And if it turns out you ’re consuming too much , you can just adjust down . ”
See Also
This tip is sponsored by Precision Nutrition – Project Swole ’s pick for the best nutrition and supplement resource currently available .
Containing system manuals , gourmet cookbook , digital audio / video library , online membership , and more , Precision Nutrition will teach you everything you need to know to get the body you want — guaranteed .
Please Share !
Tags : dieting , fat loss , metabolism , nutrition
Blizzard has posted the first details on Ulduar , the next raid dungeon to be introduced in World of Warcraft patch 3.1 , which features vehicle combat against an army and at least one Voltron reference .
Advertisement
Ulduar is actually two separate raid dungeons in one , with the first part consisting of an epic battle between your large group of players and the vast Iron Army , put in place to keep you from learning the secrets hidden within the dungeon itself .
Players will gain access to a fleet of siege vehicles in order to break through to the dungeon , with Choppers , Demolishers , and Siege Engines granting abilities to both pilot and passenger .
For instance , passengers in the Demolisher can load themselves into the catapult to be launched into the distance , which sounds like way too much fun .
The entire first section culminates in a battle against the Flame Leviathan , a giant tank built " as part of the V0 - L7R - 0N weapons platform " .
V0 - L7R-0N ? Voltron ?
Come on Blizzard ... do n't tease us like this .
If the tank does n't eventually become part of a giant robot , we want our money back .
Advertisement
Welcome to Ulduar [ World of Warcraft ]
In order to read or download 4 Stages Of Life That Some Unlucky People Go Through Sad But True ebook , you need to create a FREE account .
eBook includes PDF , ePub and Kindle version
Even as Republican state lawmakers gear up to make Colorado a more oil - shale - friendly business climate , a group of national and regional environmental groups Tuesday announced their intent to sue the federal Bureau of Land Management over so - called “ midnight ” leasing regulations pushed through by the Bush administration .
A group that includes the Center for Biological Diversity , Colorado Environmental Coalition and the Sierra Club Tuesday sent a notice of intent to sue to outgoing Secretary of the Interior Dirk Kempthorne and U.S. Bureau of Land Management Director James Caswell outlining alleged violations of the Endangered Species Act .
Specifically , the groups contend the BLM ’s 11th - hour rule making , which set royalty rates oil companies would have to pay the federal government for oil shale production on public lands , should have included the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service because of the potential impacts to the habitat of endangered and potentially endangered species .
The groups gave the BLM 60 days to adequately address the alleged violations of the Endangered Species
Act before filing a lawsuit in federal court .
Full - scale commercial oil shale production , which could occur on millions of acres of BLM land in Colorado , Wyoming and Utah , is still at least a decade away , most experts say , because the technology to extract oil trapped in sand and shale rock is still largely experimental and unproven .
And current processes require a huge amount of water and power , meaning oil prices would have to come up dramatically to make oil shale production financially feasible .
“ One of the fascinating things to see is to see the Denver Water Board complain to the BLM that the water board has to balance the needs of endangered fish in the North Platte and the Colorado River against the water that they ’re pulling from those watersheds for people to drink along the Front Range , ” said Ted Zukoski , staff attorney for the Denver office of Earthjustice , a nonprofit public interest law firm focused on environmental issues .
“ If it takes three barrels of water to produce one barrel of oil and Shell ’s buying up all the water on the Western Slope , there is n’t going to be enough for everybody else , ” added Zukoski , whose organization represents the environmental groups .
Water in the West is nearly as hot a commodity as oil and natural gas , and some say that preserving the former while producing the latter is problematic — a situation that will be worsened by greenhouse gas emissions and global climate change .
“ It ’s going to get worse for at least two reasons , ” Zukoski said .
“ One is our population is still growing , so the residential needs are going to go up , and it ’s going to be drier here .
So you ’ve got increasing demand and reduced supply .
That ’s a double whammy not just for the fish but for people who like to fish and enjoy streams and the wildlife they support . ”
Still , some GOP Colorado lawmakers recently announced plans to introduce legislation this session to accommodate oil shale production .
Newly elected Sen. Al White , R - Hayden , said he would like to see a bill passed creating a task force to regulate the industry on a state level .
And Rep. Kevin Lundberg , R - Berthoud , wants to create incentives for oil shale exploration and production by reducing the severance tax oil companies would have to pay the state for extracting oil from the shale rock and sand .
“ ( It ’s ) an incentive by discounting the oil shale severance taxes through the year 2020 if any company will start to develop a commercial program by 2012 , ” Lundberg told the Associated Press .
Glenn Vawter , executive director of the National Oil Shale Association , told AP Colorado lawmakers are on the right track .
“ I think any encouragement at the state is helpful , ” he said .
“ I think right now with oil prices the way they are there ’s a lot of people thinking Utah is a better place to do business , shall we say . ”
But Earthjustice ’s Zukoski said Congress and the Obama administration may make such actions by state lawmakers a moot point .
Obama could engage in new rule making that would override the BLM ’s new leasing regs , or Congress could utilize the Congressional Review Act to rescind the new regs if the Obama administration agrees .
Obama ’s pick for secretary of the interior , Colorado Sen .
Ken Salazar , has been an outspoken critic of going too far down the road toward full - scale oil scale production before the technology is perfected and environmental concerns are fully addressed .
From Hydrogenaudio Knowledgebase
Free Lossless Audio Codec ( FLAC ) is a codec for lossless audio compression .
Grossly oversimplified , FLAC is similar to MP3 , but lossless , meaning that audio is compressed in FLAC without any loss in quality .
This is similar to how Zip works , except with FLAC you will get much better compression because it is designed specifically for audio , and you can play back compressed FLAC files in your favorite player ( or your car or home stereo , if supported ) just like you would a lossy file .
FLAC is supported by default in Android since version 3.1 and in Windows 10 .
General aspects of the format [ edit ]
FLAC is freely available and supported on most operating systems , including Windows , UNIX ( Linux , * BSD , Solaris , OS X , IRIX ) , BeOS , OS / 2 , and Amiga .
There are build systems for autotools , MSVC , Watcom C , and Project Builder .
The FLAC project consists of :
the stream format
reference encoders and decoders in library form
flac , a command - line program to encode and decode FLAC files
metaflac , a command - line metadata editor for FLAC files
input plugins for various music players
When it 's said that FLAC is free , it means more than just that it is available at no cost .
It means that the specification of the format is fully open to the public to be used for any purpose , although the FLAC project reserves the right to set the FLAC specification and certify compliance .
It also means that neither the FLAC format nor any of the implemented encoding / decoding methods are covered by any known patent .
And it means that all the source code is available under open - source licenses .
It is the first truly open and free lossless audio format .
Features [ edit ]
Lossless :
The encoding of audio ( PCM ) data incurs no loss of information , and the decoded audio is bit - for - bit identical to what went into the encoder .
Each frame contains a 16 - bit CRC of the frame data for detecting transmission errors .
The integrity of the audio data is further insured by storing an MD5 signature of the original unencoded audio data in the file header , which can be compared against later during decoding or testing .
The encoding of audio ( PCM ) data incurs no loss of information , and the decoded audio is bit - for - bit identical to what went into the encoder .
Each frame contains a 16 - bit CRC of the frame data for detecting transmission errors .
The integrity of the audio data is further insured by storing an MD5 signature of the original unencoded audio data in the file header , which can be compared against later during decoding or testing .
Fast : FLAC is asymmetric in favor of decode speed .
Decoding requires only integer arithmetic , and is much less compute - intensive than for most perceptual codecs .
Real - time decode performance is easily achievable on even modest hardware .
FLAC is asymmetric in favor of decode speed .
Decoding requires only integer arithmetic , and is much less compute - intensive than for most perceptual codecs .
Real - time decode performance is easily achievable on even modest hardware .
Hardware support : Because of FLAC 's free reference implementation , low decoding complexity and popularity , FLAC has relatively widespread hardware support compared to other lossless formats .
Because of FLAC 's free reference implementation , low decoding complexity and popularity , FLAC has relatively widespread hardware support compared to other lossless formats .
Streamable : Each FLAC frame contains enough data to decode that frame .
FLAC does not even rely on previous or following frames .
FLAC uses sync codes and CRCs ( similar to MPEG and other formats ) , which , along with framing , allow decoders to pick up in the middle of a stream with a minimum of delay .
Each FLAC frame contains enough data to decode that frame .
FLAC does not even rely on previous or following frames .
FLAC uses sync codes and CRCs ( similar to MPEG and other formats ) , which , along with framing , allow decoders to pick up in the middle of a stream with a minimum of delay .
Seekable : FLAC supports fast sample - accurate seeking .
Not only is this useful for playback , it makes FLAC files suitable for use in editing applications .
FLAC supports fast sample - accurate seeking .
Not only is this useful for playback , it makes FLAC files suitable for use in editing applications .
Flexible metadata : New metadata blocks can be defined and implemented in future versions of FLAC without breaking older streams or decoders .
Currently there are metadata types for tags , cue sheets , and seek tables .
Applications can write their own APPLICATION metadata once they register an ID .
New metadata blocks can be defined and implemented in future versions of FLAC without breaking older streams or decoders .
Currently there are metadata types for tags , cue sheets , and seek tables .
Applications can write their own APPLICATION metadata once they register an ID .
Suitable for archiving : FLAC is an open format , and there is no generation loss if you need to convert your data to another format in the future .
In addition to the frame CRCs and MD5 signature , FLAC has a verify option that decodes the encoded stream in parallel with the encoding process and compares the result to the original , aborting with an error if there is a mismatch .
FLAC is an open format , and there is no generation loss if you need to convert your data to another format in the future .
In addition to the frame CRCs and MD5 signature , FLAC has a verify option that decodes the encoded stream in parallel with the encoding process and compares the result to the original , aborting with an error if there is a mismatch .
Convenient CD archiving : FLAC has a cue sheet metadata block for storing a CD table of contents and all track and index points .
For instance , you can rip a CD to a single file , then import the CD 's extracted cue sheet while encoding to yield a single file representation of the entire CD .
If your original CD is damaged , the cue sheet can be exported later in order to burn an exact copy .
FLAC has a metadata block for storing a CD table of contents and all track and index points .
For instance , you can rip a CD to a single file , then import the CD 's extracted cue sheet while encoding to yield a single file representation of the entire CD .
If your original CD is damaged , the cue sheet can be exported later in order to burn an exact copy .
Error resistant : Because of FLAC 's framing , stream errors limit the damage to the frame in which the error occurred , typically a small fraction of a second worth of data .
Contrast this with some other lossless codecs , in which a single error destroys the remainder of the stream .
Pros [ edit ]
Portable to many systems
Open source and freely licensed
Hardware support ( PhatBox , Kenwood MusicKeg , Rio Karma , etc. See below )
Streaming support
Extremely fast decoding
Supports multichannel and high resolution streams
Supports ReplayGain
Supports cue - sheet ( with some limitations )
Gaining wide use as successor to Shorten
Cons [ edit ]
Compresses less efficiently than other popular modern compressors ( Monkey's Audio , OptimFROG )
Higher compression modes slow , for little gain over the default setting .
Hardware and software that support FLAC [ edit ]
For a more comprehensive list see the FLAC links page .
Hardware [ edit ]
Car stereo [ edit ]
Home stereo [ edit ]
Olive 's Symphony wireless digital music center
Numark 's DJ equipment ( HDX and CDX turntables , HDMIX mixer )
Sonos Digital Music System
Slim Devices ' Squeezebox networked audio players
Portable [ edit ]
Software [ edit ]
Players Software [ edit ]
Windows foobar2000 MediaMonkey MusicBee Winamp AIMP VLC XMPlay MPlayer Console player
Mac Cog VLC VOX
Linux Clementine MPlayer MythTV VLC XMMS
Frontends ( Windows ) [ edit ]
foobar2000 Music Converter / Audio Player
FLAC frontend ( ktf )
Windows Frontend ( by Speek )
Frontends ( Mac ) [ edit ]
Converters [ edit ]
for a more comprehensive list here dBpowerAMP Music Converter / Audio Player / CD Writer MediaMonkey Music Manager / Audio Player / CD Writer fre:ac Music Converter / CD Writer / Ripper foobar2000 Music Converter / Audio Player
Editors [ edit ]
List of popular audio editors Audacity Adobe Audition GoldWave
CD writers / rippers [ edit ]
Taggers [ edit ]
for a comprehensive list of tag editors [ here ]
Mp3tag - Universal Tag Editor TagScanner - " The Ultimate Tag Editor " foobar2000 MediaMonkey - Tagger / Music manager ( Including multiple and linked album art support ) The GodFather - Tagger / Music manager Tag - for Mac OS X 10.4 ( Tiger ) Case 's Tag - Command line tagger metaflac - for general metadata ( including Vorbis comments ) maintenance
mkvtoolnix - tool to multiplex FLAC streams inside the Matroska container
metaflac - for general metadata ( including Vorbis comments ) maintenance , also to calculate ReplayGain values for FLAC files lacking such
Frequently asked questions [ edit ]
Question : Does the compression level affect decompression speed ?
Short Answer : No .
Long Answer :
In truth , the compression level does affect the decompression speed , but the difference between the various compress levels can barely be measured and is too small to be noticed , even on low - end machines .
Question :
What is the best compression level for encoding my music ?
Short Answer :
The default setting , 5 .
Long Answer : Encoding at the default setting will give the best balance between compression and encoding speed .
Encoding at 8 can more than quadruple the encoding time , while having an insignificant effect on compression .
See also [ edit ]
Posted by Ray Long and Rick Pearson a 10:25 a.m. ; last updated at 10:40 a.m. ; ( for the live blog , scroll down ; to read more about what 's in the impeachment document , click here . )
SPRINGFIELD ---
In a historic vote , the Illinois House has impeached Gov. Rod Blagojevich , directing the Senate to put the state ’s 40th chief executive on trial with the goal of removing him from office .
The vote by the House was 114 - 1 and marks the first time in the state 's 190 - year history that a governor has been impeached , despite Illinois ' longstanding reputation for political corruption .
Rep. Milt Patterson ( D - Chicago ) was the lone vote against impeaching the governor .
Patterson , from Chicago 's Southwest Side , said after the roll call that he did n't feel it was his job to vote to impeach the governor .
He declined comment on whether he approved of the job Blagojevich is doing .
A Blagojevich spokesman said the governor will not resign .
A 2 p.m. news conference with the governor is scheduled for the James R. Thompson Center in downtown Chicago .
The actions of the House -- approving an article of impeachment maintaining Blagojevich had committed abuses of power -- represents the equivalent of an indictment .
The impeachment resolution covering Blagojevich 's actions " show a public servant who has betrayed his oath of office , who has betrayed the public trust , who is not fit to govern the state of Illinois , ” said Rep. Barbara Flynn Currie , the Chicago Democrat who headed a special panel that recommended Blagojevich ’s impeachment a day earlier .
Next week , when the Senate convenes , it will begin the process of setting up a trial of the governor in which each of the 59 state senators act as judge and jurors .
A total of 40 senators are needed to convict Blagojevich which would remove the governor from office and make Lt. Gov.
Pat Quinn the state ’s new chief executive .
A trial is expected to take at least three weeks .
While the debate was free of partisanship , Illinois Republican Party Chairman Andy McKenna was quick to criticize Democrats following the impeachment vote .
" After six years of enabling and endorsing Rod Blagojevich , the Democrats who run this state waited until Illinois faced national embarrassment to act and are now voting to impeach a governor they worked to re-elect only two years ago , " McKenna said in a statement .
" To make matters worse , these same Democrats have fed this crisis by refusing to strip the governor of his appointment powers , and are helping to seat Blagojevich 's hand - picked and tainted choice for United States Senator . "
House members had expressed hopes that the impeachment would encourage Blagojevich to resign from office to avoid the Senate trial .
But Blagojevich has resisted calls for his resignation following his Dec. 9 arrest at his North Side home on federal corruption charges , including allegations he sought to sell the U.S. Senate seat vacated by President - elect Barack Obama .
On Thursday , after the House investigation 's panel recommended Blagojevich ’s impeachment , the governor said he looked forward to a trial in the Senate , presided over by the chief justice of the Illinois Supreme Court , and “ believes the outcome will be much different ” from the House action .
Posted at 10:24 a.m .
Gov. Rod Blagojevich is planning an afternoon press conference to address the House vote on impeachment , a spokesman said this morning .
The appearance is tentatively scheduled for 2 p.m. at the James R. Thompson Center in Chicago .
Posted at 10:22 a.m .
Rep . Al Riley ( D - Hazel Crest ) told young people that while lawmakers are sad to impeach Blagojevich , it 's not a sad day because " it proves that the system works . "
Riley recalled that the sun still came up and the mail was delivered the day after President Kennedy was shot .
Posted at 10:20 a.m .
Rep. Eddie Acevedo ( D - Chicago ) said Blagojevich 's situation is a distraction from all the other work to be done in state government .
" He is simply unable to govern as a governor should , " he said .
Posted at 10:15 a.m .
Where , you might ask , is Gov. Rod Blagojevich as the Illinois House debates his impeachment ?
A Tribune photographer took pictures of Blagojevich going jogging in his Ravenswood Manor neighborhood at about 10 a.m .
Posted at 10:10 a.m .
Rep. Careen Gordon ( D - Morris ) said Blagojevich can attempt to repair his image , but should n't be allowed to do so " on state time . "
" Our time is being wasted on the shortcomings of one man , " she said .
Gordon also talked a lot about the various times she took the oath of office , saying that politicians should mean it when they do so .
" Sadly , the governor of the state of Illinois never meant a word when he said that he would uphold the Illinois Constitution , " Gordon said .
" He is not the rule .
He is the exception . "
Posted at 10:00 a.m .
Rep. David Miller ( D - Calumet City ) is asking Reps. Currie and Durkin about Blagojevich 's due process rights , apparently to get on the record an explanation of why Blagojevich could be impeached despite not being found guilty in a criminal court .
Had some technical difficulties and did not hear the remarks of Rep. Monique Davis ( D - Chicago ) .
On Saturday , January 10th , 2009 nearly 2,500 people took off their pants on subways in 22 cities around the world .
In New York ’s 8th Annual No Pants !
Subway Ride we had over 1,200 participants , spread out over four subway lines .
Enjoy the video first and then go behind the scenes with our mission report and photos .
If you ’re unfamiliar with No Pants , you might want to first read our history of The No Pants Subway Ride .
Foley Square from above .
In the 8 years we ’ve been staging our No Pants !
Subway Rides in New York , it has never snowed .
This year ’s storm made the event all the more fun and all the more hilarious .
My cousin , Agent Fairey , recently moved into an apartment building right next to Foley Square , so we were able to get some great shots of the crowd from her roof .
Agents documenting 22 stories up
“ Everyone wave to the cameras ! ”
The past two years we ’ve had police escorts waiting for us at the meeting point .
It was sort of comforting to see them there , as it meant we would n’t have to worry about cops showing up later on and ruining the fun .
This year , the NYPD chose not to attend .
Maybe they realized it was n’t necessary ?
We were peaceful , as always , and did n’t run into any trouble .
A clever addition to the parks department sign at the meeting point
This year we expanded to 4 subway lines : the 1 , E , R , and the traditional 6 train .
We put around 300 people on each train , with individual cars growing stop by stop from 1 to 30 pantless riders .
Spreading it out like this helps keep the spirit of the mission alive , at least for the first few stops .
Participants had to be organized into train lines , then into cars , and finally into stops .
It ’s quite a bit of work , but we had four veteran IE agents serve as line captains , each equipped with their own megaphone .
Captain Good ran the 6 line
Captain Scordelis organizes the R line
Captain Lovejoy speaks to the 1 line group
Captain Linder handled the E line
This mission works by using two separate trains for each line .
For the first train the effect is that at every stop new people are standing up , removing their pants , and leaving the train .
People on the second train then see pantless subway riders waiting on the platform and entering their car at each stop .
One of the first to depants , a man waits alone for the next E train
Agent Reeves waits for the 6
I played the role of tired commuter
One guy worked on this laptop
Two women laugh as another participant enters their car
R train riders casually listen to their iPods
By the final stop , some cars had more pantless people than normal people
One woman played a harp , pantsless
Another guy had cross country ski gear on , appropriate for the snow storm
One subway musician decided to pull his pants down and enjoy the fun
Laughing at the pantsless
One woman brought her pug along for the ride !
After a dozen stops or so , participants exited their car and headed to a downtown train .
Some lines even had to make a transfer through a station or up escalators .
A man checks out a participant
Laughing woman
Guys snap camera phone pictures as they pass our riders on the escalator
Transferring at Times Square
Tourists laughing at the Times Square station
Checking out the pantsless at 125th Street
In 2007 , we ran into a drummer at the 125th Street stop .
A huge mob of pantless folks danced to his beat in what turned out to be a highlight for many participants .
This year we ran into the same drummer again !
I said hello to him , and he responded , “ I missed you guys last year ! ”
We turned around at 96th last year rather than 125th .
He put on another great show to the delight of many pantless dancers .
Jody Avirgan from WNYC radio did a fantastic interview with him after his performance ; listen to it here .
All of the train lines converged on Union Square at the end of the mission , which means that within a short stretch of time 1,200 pantless people passed through the station ’s exit turnstiles .
A participant at the Union Square station
It was about 30 degrees out and still snowing when we made it to Union Square , but everyone was having too much fun to put their pants back on .
Many participants hung out in the cold for over an hour , laughing with friends new and old .
One guy did n’t even wear a shirt !
Someone get him an Abercrombie gift card .
A non-participant takes his pants off to join the fun
Several people made snow angels with their bare legs
Shoppers at our favorite building look out at the pantless snow party
A spontaneous human pyramid was erected
A group of participants sing “ New York , New York ” and form a kick line , and this is before the drinking started .
One participant brought her two ferrets with her .
Definitely a first .
Like last year , there was a counter - contingent .
The “ Pro Pants ” group was back once again this year to try to convert us to their pants - based religion .
They had two tables set up and offered a “ Free Pants Test , ” a pitch - perfect parody of the Scientology tables you see around the city .
Participants engaged them in serious conversation , with both sides staying hilariously in character .
Agent Eppink runs the Pro Pants table
You can read all about the Pro Pants movement here .
Pro Pants Propaganda
The mission continued as participants visited nearby establishments sans pants .
We heard reports of people getting kicked out of Virgin Megastore , Whole Foods , and McDonald’s .
Wendy ’s , however , was happy to serve the pantsless .
Agents in the Virgin Megastore , another favorite place of ours
A Starbucks barista laughs at a pantsless customer .
You think it happened again five minutes later ?
A nearby bar hosted an official No Pants afterparty and offered a free drink to anyone who arrived pantsless .
The bar got so crowded it had to quickly stop letting people in .
Participants ended up in a half dozen different bars in the Union Square area and kept the party going .
An entire pantless band , including the aforementioned harpist , performing
While we were having our fun in New York , No Pants Subway ( or Light Rail or Bus ) Rides were also happening in 21 other cities in 8 different countries .
Via the The Urban Prankster Network we ’ve set up a community of like - minded groups across the globe .
Here ’s a highlight photo of each regional ride along with the number of participants and the temperature in Fahrenheit .
Adelaide , Australia / 10 participants / 78 degrees ( the warmest )
Amsterdam , The Netherlands / 25 participants / 26 degrees
Atlanta , GA / 26 participants / 62 degrees
Boston , MA / 100 participants / 26 degrees ( yes , that ’s a real fireman )
Calgary , Canada / 16 participants / 39 degrees
Chicago , IL / 130 participants / 28 degrees ( and snowing )
Denver , CO / 10 participants / 43 degrees
Lisbon , Portugal / 40 participants / 46 degrees
Los Angeles , CA / 200 participants / 75 degrees
Minneapolis , Minnesota / 6 participants / 17 degrees ( the coldest )
Phoenix , AZ / 100 participants / 66 degrees ( on a weeks old light rail )
Portland , OR / 35 participants / 41 degrees
Salt Lake City , UT / 12 participants / 35 degrees
San Francisco , CA / 50 participants / 62 degrees ( the most scantily clad )
Seattle , WA / 6 participants / 43 degrees
Toronto , Canada / 300 participants / 21 degrees ( most participants outside of NY )
Vienna , Austria / 20 participants / 24 degrees
Warsaw , Poland / 7 participants / 32 degrees
Washington DC / 100 participants / 40 degrees
No information yet for Sydney , Australia or Hamburg , Germany .
Mission Accomplished
OTHER RESOURCES :
For links to more photos , videos , and news articles for all of the No Pants Subway Rides check out the posts below .
The comments sections are filled with first - hand agent reports and links to more media .
– Ari Scott ’s photos of No Pants Subway Ride 2009
NYC Agent Reports
Regional Agent Reports
Also check out our complete history of The No Pants Subway Ride .
( CNN ) -- President Obama should lift travel restrictions and adopt other measures to start normalizing relations with Cuba , a Washington think tank said in recommendations unveiled this week .
Analysts are unsure what will happen in Cuba when President Raul Castro is no longer in power .
Working under the auspices of the nonprofit Brookings Institution , a group of 19 academics , opinion leaders and diplomats met for 18 months to formulate 33 short - , medium - and long - term initiatives .
The measures were compiled in a report Thursday called " U.S. Policy Toward a Cuba in Transition . "
" Although we all come from different backgrounds and political orientations , we arrived at the same conclusion , " the report 's authors write in the introduction .
The United States broke diplomatic relations with Cuba in 1961 , two years after Fidel Castro assumed power .
In 1962 , the United States established a trade embargo .
Both policies remain in place 50 years after Castro took over .
In addition , the United States has imposed other restrictive policies over the years , most recently under former President George W. Bush .
Among the short - term initiatives the Brookings panel recommends are : removing travel restrictions to Cuba , reinstating the ability for U.S. residents to send money to people in Cuba , allowing Cubans who meet U.S. requirements to travel in the United States , promoting normal diplomatic activities and opening a dialogue with the Cuban government .
The ultimate long - range goal would be to re-establish diplomatic relations .
Former Ambassador Vicki Huddleston , one of two project directors for the Cuba report and a retired 30 - year career diplomat , said she believes the Obama administration must try to achieve these goals .
" The status quo is not useful or even possible any more , " Huddleston told CNN .
Sen . Richard Lugar of Indiana , the ranking Republican on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , made the same point this week when he released a draft report saying it is time to reconsider U.S. economic sanctions .
" After 47 years ... the unilateral embargo on Cuba has failed to achieve its stated purpose of ' bringing democracy to the Cuban people , ' " Lugar wrote in a letter that accompanied the 21 - page draft report .
" The current U.S. policy has many passionate defenders , and their criticism of the Castro regime is justified .
Nevertheless , we must recognize the ineffectiveness of our current policy and deal with the Cuban regime in a way that enhances U.S. interests . "
Change is possible because the Democrats control the White House and both houses of Congress , said Bernard Aronson , assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs for President George H.W. Bush from 1989 - 93 .
Watch as momentum grows in Congress to change U.S. policy »
Aronson said he supports a new look at U.S. policy toward Cuba , especially since U.S. policy " went backwards " under the previous administration .
" The policies that prevailed in the Cold War had a rationale that was supported by Cold War realities , " Aronson said .
" With the Cold War over , you really have to re-examine all those policies . "
But Otto Reich , a top Latin America official for Presidents Reagan and both Bushes , said the United States has to be careful in how it approaches Cuba .
He rejects the Brookings Institution 's approach , saying the recommendations are " a series of unilateral concessions " that do n't require the Cuban government to do anything in return .
" If you 're going to negotiate with another country , you do n't put all your cards on the table for everyone to see and say , " Take it , ' " he said .
" It 's frankly a little silly . "
Huddleston said the panel 's recommendations just reflect the reality of the world today , one in which the United States finds itself increasingly isolated with regard to Cuba .
In October , the U.N. General Assembly overwhelmingly passed a resolution urging the United States to end the trade embargo -- a vote praised by Cuban Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Roque as " a clear and direct message to the next president of the United States about the necessity to change this obsolete and cruel policy . "
Huddleston noted that 185 nations voted against the U.S. position .
Only two nations supported the United States .
" Latin America is saying to us , ' Enough already .
We do n't like your hostile policies , ' " she said .
Although Reich disagrees with the Brookings panel 's approach , he said , " I do believe , by the way , that it 's time -- and it 's always time -- to review policy . "
Huddleston and Aronson said they think more contact with ordinary Cubans could help bring about change .
" I think we need to be more forward - leaning , " Aronson said .
" We have more influence when we engage people person - to - person . "
Reich said though that he does not believe in " this fantasy that increased tourism is going to bring freedom to Cuba .
There is n't a single nation that has been liberated by foreign tourism . "
Nor does Reich believe in doing away with the embargo .
" The embargo now is mostly symbolic , " he said .
" The embargo is not the cause of Cuba 's problems .
... Cuba trades with 185 nations .
...
The cause of Cuba 's problems is its Marxist government . "
Huddleston said the Brookings group avoided the embargo in its recommendations because the issue is so emotionally loaded .
" This does n't remove the embargo , " she said .
" The embargo remains because the embargo remains very symbolic for Cuban Americans . "
All sides agree that the next few years will prove pivotal for U.S. - Cuba relations .
Castro , 82 , has had intestinal surgery and has turned power over to his 77 - year - old brother , Raul .
No one knows what will happen when Raul Castro is no longer in power .
" We need to establish that platform in Cuba with the people and with the government if we 're going to have influence with the next generation , " Huddleston said .
That 's why , Reich said , it 's crucial that U.S. actions not strengthen the current regime .
" If we do n't handle this properly , " he said , " we 're going to ensure the survival of a very corrupt military dictatorship in Cuba . "
Aronson sides with the Brookings position , saying , " Dictatorships are almost always more open to change when undergoing transition .
...
That 's why thinking ahead , the United States should be more pro-active in trying to engage Cuba .
Isolation really limits your options . "
All About Cuba • Fidel Castro • George W. Bush • The Brookings Institution
Update : ( November 2015 )
In the almost seven years since writing this , there has been an explosion of great tools for automatic differentiation and a corresponding upsurge in its use .
Thus , happily , this post is more or less obsolete .
I recently got back reviews of a paper in which I used automatic differentiation .
Therein , a reviewer clearly thought I was using finite difference , or “ numerical ” differentiation .
This has led me to wondering :
Why do n’t machine learning people use automatic differentiation more ?
Why do n’t they use it …constantly ?
Before recklessly speculating on the answer , let me briefly review what automatic differentiation ( henceforth “ autodiff ” ) is .
Specifically , I will be talking about reverse - mode autodiff .
( Here , I will use “ subroutine ” to mean a function in a computer programming language , and “ function ” to mean a mathematical function . )
It works like this :
You write a subroutine to compute a function . ( e.g. in C++ or Fortran ) .
You know to be differentiable , but do n’t feel like writing a subroutine to compute .
You point some autodiff software at your subroutine .
It produces a subroutine to compute the gradient .
That new subroutine has the same complexity as the original function !
It does not depend on the dimensionality of .
It also does not suffer from round - off errors !
To take a specific example , suppose that you have written a subroutine to evaluate a neural network .
If you perform autodiff on that subroutine , it will produce code that is equivalent to the backpropagation algorithm .
( Incidentally , autodiff significantly predates the invention of backprop ) .
Why should autodiff be possible ?
It is embarasingly obvious in retrospect : Complex subroutines consist of many elementary operations .
Each of those is differentiable .
Apply the calc 101 chain rule to the expression graph of all these operations .
A lot of papers in machine learning ( including many papers I like ) go like this :
Invent a new type of model or a new loss function Manually crank out the derivatives .
( The main technical difficulty of the paper . )
Learn by plugging the derivatives into an optimization procedure .
( Usually L- BFGS or stochastic gradient . )
Experimental results .
It is bizarre that the main technical contribution of so many papers seems to be something that computers can do for us automatically .
We would be better off just considering autodiff part of the optimization procedure , and directly plugging in the objective function from step 1 .
In my opinion , this is actually harmful to the field .
Before discussing why , let ’s consider why autodiff is so little used :
People do n’t know about it .
People know about it , but do n’t use it because they want to pad their papers with technically formidable derivations of gradients .
People know about it , but do n’t use it for some valid reasons I ’m not aware of .
I ca n’t comment on ( 3 ) by definition .
I think the answer is ( 1 ) , though I ’m not sure .
Part of the problem is that “ automatic differentiation ” sounds like something you know , even if you actually have no idea what it is .
I sometimes get funny looks from people when I claim that both of the following are true .
.
Further evidence for ( 1 ) is that many papers , after deriving their gradient , proclaim that “ this algorithm for computing the gradient is the same order of complexity as evaluating the objective function , ” seeming to imply it is fortunate that a fast gradient algorithm exists .
Now , why bother complaining about this ?
Are those manual derivatives actually hurting anything ?
A minor reason is that it is distracting .
Important ideas get obscured by the details , and valuable paper space ( often a lot of space ) is taken up for the gradient derivation rather than more productive uses .
Similarly , valuable researcher time is wasted .
In my view a more significant downside is that the habit of manually deriving gradients restricts the community to only using computational structures we are capable of manually deriving gradients for .
This is a huge restriction on the kinds of computational machinery that could be used , and the kinds of problems that could be addressed .
As a simple example , consider learning parameters for some type of image filtering algorithm .
Imaging problems suffer from boundary problems .
It is not possible to compute a filter response at the edge of an image .
A common trick is to “ flip ” the image over the boundary to provide the nonexistent measurements .
This poses no difficulty at all to autodiff , but borders on impossible to account for analytically .
Hence , I suspect , people simply refrain from researching these types of algorithms .
That is a real cost .
For C++ users , it is probably easiest to get started with David Gay ‘s RAD toolbox .
( See also the paper . )
Caveats :
Often , derivatives are needed for analysis , not just to plug into an optimization routine .
Of course , these derivatives should always remain .
When derivatives are reasonably simple , it can be informative to see the equations .
Oftentimes , however , an algorithm is derived for computing the gradient .
In this cases , it would almost always be easier for someone trying to implement the method to install an autodiff tool than try to implement the gradient algorithm .
Update : Answers to some questions :
Q ) What ’s the difference between autodiff and symbolic diff ?
A ) They are totally different .
The biggest difference is that autodiff can differentiate algorithms , not just expressions .
Consider the following code :
function f( x ) y = x ; for i=1... 100 y = sin( x+y ) ; return y
Automatic differentiation can differentiate that , easily , in the same time as the original code .
Symbolic differentiation would lead to a huge expression that would take much more time to compute .
Q ) What about non-differentiable functions ?
A ) No problem , as long as the function is differentiable at the place you try to compute the gradient .
Q ) Why do n’t you care about convexity ?
A ) I do care about convexity , of course .
Cholera is spreading to rural areas making the disease harder to contain More than 60,000 people in Zimbabwe have now been infected by cholera , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) says .
This figure had been described by the UN 's health agency and other agencies as being the " worst case scenario " in the epidemic which broke out in August .
Cholera has now claimed the lives of more than 3,000 people in Zimbabwe .
The epidemic of the disease , which broke out in August 2008 , has been fuelled by the collapse of Zimbabwe 's water , sanitation and health systems .
We are dealing with an extraordinary public health crisis
Dr Eric Laroche
World Health Organization
Many hospitals have shut down and most towns suffer from poor water supply , broken sewers and uncollected waste .
Aid workers fear the rainy season could lead to even more infections as water sources become contaminated .
' Action needed '
Health experts estimated late last year that 60,000 cases of cholera in Zimbabwe would be a worst - case scenario .
But , in latest figures released by the WHO in Geneva , some 60,401 Zimbabweans now have the disease .
The death toll stands at 3,161 .
STATE OF ZIMBABWE
Five million people - almost half population - need food aid Central bank introduced Z$ 100 tr note , worth about US $ 30 ( £ 20 ) Unemployment more than 80 % Nearly 3,000 people dead in cholera outbreak Many teachers , doctors and nurses not working
Teacher : ' I ca n't afford to work '
The UN agency said the outbreak " showed no signs of abating " and called for urgent action from the international community to help tackle the situation .
" We are dealing with an extraordinary public health crisis that requires from us all an extraordinary public health emergency response , and this must happen now before the outbreak causes more needless suffering and death , " the WHO 's Dr Eric Laroche said .
The epidemic has been exacerbated by the political and economic problems facing Zimbabwe .
Many medical staff have been refusing to work unless they get paid in hard currency , because the value of the Zimbabwean dollar is virtually worthless .
The charity Medecins Sans Frontieres told the BBC last week that the disease was spreading to remote areas , making its containment much harder .
President Robert Mugabe has faced increasing criticism over his country 's dire economic and humanitarian plight .
But his allies have accused Western countries of trying to use the cholera outbreak as an excuse to topple him .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Posted by Scott_Ruecker on Jan 9 , 2009 7:00 PM EDT
LXer Linux News ; By Scott Ruecker ( Phoenix , U.S. )
Mail this story
Print this story
LXer Feature : 09 - Jan-2009
A review of my time walking around the largest technology exposition on the planet and how I barely avoided an epic fail at finding something FOSS related to write about .
So here I am at the largest technology show on the planet , its big , there are thousands of exhibitors , buyers , sellers and of course a ton of Press from all over the world .
It is my first time so I have no point of reference with which to judge it by but from what I have found out from CES employees and other members of the Press it is a down year for attendance and participation .
Gee , I can't imagine why ? ;-)
I came to CES for several reasons .
I had never been to one and thought it a great opportunity to go to a " mainstream " event and see just exactly what goes on .
I wanted to see if it really was the biggest of them all ( which it is ) and I wanted to see how much FOSS related stuff I could find and in so doing get an idea of just how far Open Source has penetrated into the " mainstream " .
Needless to say I was in for a surprise , if you could call it that .
I will tell you that I did not set my expectations very high , I did not expect to find Open Source products , software or hardware at every turn .
But I did expect to find some , or a few , or a couple though .
So far I have found one , that 's right one , just one thing running Linux on it .
So here is my story of how I barely missed experiencing an " Epic Fail " at CES 2009 .
Over the course of the last two days I have wandered around the different showrooms at the Las Vegas Convention Center and two different casino convention centers looking for things to share with our readers .
I went by the ASUS booth figuring that of all the vendors they would have some Linux machines up and running for show attendees to look at .
They all but invented the Netbook market with their Eee PC that came with only Linux on it until Microsoft realized they were getting cut out of an entire market segment and brought XP back from the dead .
So I should have been able to see a whole line of them at their booth running Linux on them right ?
Wrong .
I looked and looked and all I could see was XP , XP , and some more XP .
So I finally got myself in front of a ASUS representative and was politely told that there were no Eee PC computers running of any kind of Linux on them , none , not even one , and there would n't be either .
I have to say that the rep was not exactly willing to talk about it much more than to tell me " No " and then disappeared quickly soon after .
Not one Eee PC running Linux at the biggest Tech Expo on the planet ?
Interesting to say the least .
So I went to the LG and HP booths as well looking for one or two Netbooks running Linux and guess what ?
I got the same answer and as interesting ( to me at least ) got the same reaction from the representatives too .
Not a single Netbook running Linux and not a single vendor rep willing to say more than " Sorry , there are no computers here running Linux . "
Needless to say I was starting to wonder if I had stepped into the Twilight Zone of Tech Shows .
Was I just blind and not seeing them ?
Was I stupid ?
( do n't answer that ) or was I just in the midst of an ' Epic Fail ' in finding something , anything to write about ?
To my surprise I did find something ..
I was walking around feeling a little despondent to say the least and found myself at the Intel booth directly across the way from the Microsoft booth .
The Intel people were touting their new Atom Processor and such and I started looking around at the dozen or so Netbooks that they had out and to my complete and utter surprise I found one Netbook running Ubuntu on it .
I literally stood there like a ' Deer in headlights ' for a minute dumbfounded at my find .
I FOUND SOMETHING RUNNING LINUX ON IT !
I am not an Epic Fail !
It was a little Dell Netbook that unlike all the other Netbooks around it , was and would not get on the Internet no matter what .
Believe me , I tried to no avail .
I could n't believe that of all the places to find something running Linux on it , I find it at the Intel booth .
Which just happened to be within throwing distance of the Microsoft booth too .
It felt kind of like sneaking into the Dragon 's Lair by walking right under his nose , while he was awake !
Again , very interesting .
So after coming down off my " I 'm not an Epic Fail " high I found a friendly Intel person and asked if the one little Dell was the only thing running Linux on it in their booth .
He said yes .
It was the only thing they had not running Windows on it .
My immediate question then was did he know where the Dell booth was because they certainly would have more , or at least one more of their Netbooks running Linux on it right ?
Wrong again .
Guess what ?
Dell had recently pulled out and was not at the show in any shape or form .
What ?
You mean to tell me that the only computer I could find running Linux on it at CES was a Dell running Ubuntu and they were not even at the show ?
Wow !
Really ?
Are you sure ?
Is this some kind of joke ?
Have I been drugged ?
Come to find out , no joke , no drugs and no Dell at the show .
Along with no Novell , no AMD and scores of other vendors who have been staunch attendees for years .
I guess they were right about it being a down year were n't they ?
Having a Press ID hanging around my neck made me stick out a bit while walking around and I had many vendor reps flag me down wanting to talk about their products and such .
When I asked if it was Open Source related I was time and time again told , " No , sorry " and quickly brushed aside .
I know there has to be more FOSS related stuff at CES , there has to be , and I just have n't found it .
I know there will be others who find it but I swear I looked and looked and looked and all I found was one Dell running Ubuntu .
I am not sure what to take from this except that FOSS has a long way to go in getting the attention of the ' mainstream ' consumer electronics industry .
Luckily , time is on our side .
Right ?
Hundreds of thousands of household items end up in African rubbish dumps Tonnes of toxic waste from municipal dumps in the West are being dumped illegally in countries like Nigeria and Ghana , an investigation has found .
Hundreds of thousands of broken items like TVs and computers are being sold to dealers on the pretext of re-use .
Under EU law , such household appliances must be dismantled or recycled .
But they are stripped of raw metals by those working on poisoned waste dumps , the report by Greenpeace , Sky News and Britain 's Independent newspaper found .
Greenpeace said the young people working on such dumps often break apart the electronic items for parts , but in doing so are exposed to poisonous chemicals like mercury , lead and cadmium .
We took all the insides out and put [ in ] a tracker device
Environmentalist Iza Kruszewskahe
Computers pile up in Ghana dump
" We basically managed to track a TV going from the UK allegedly as second - hand equipment to Nigeria , " Iza Kruszewskahe , from the environmental group , told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme .
" When in fact we knew , because we gutted it , this TV , before it left the UK , we took all the insides out and put [ in ] a tracker device , which enabled us to track this old TV from the UK , through the recycler , etc to Nigeria . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Middle - aged women who swallow multivitamin supplements are not doing their health any favours – and are just creating expensive urine , according to the world 's largest study into the subject .
Researchers who examined the pill - popping habits of nearly 162,000 American women aged 50 to 79 found that although they swallowed dietary supplements by the bucketload , there was no sign that they reduced common cancers , heart disease or deaths .
People who eat a healthy diet get all the vitamins they need from their food .
Any excess of vitamins ( the water soluble C , B1 , B2 and B6 ) , whether in the food or in dietary supplements , is excreted .
Fat soluble vitamins ( A , D , E , K ) are stored in the liver and an excess can result in side effects .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Based on our results , if you fall into the category of the women described here and you do in fact have an adequate diet , there really is no reason to take a multivitamin , " said Dr Sylvia Wassertheil - Smoller , professor of epidemiology at Albert Einstein College , Yeshiva University .
Around half of Americans use vitamin supplements , spending $ 20 bn ( £ 13.4bn ) a year on the pills which are believed to improve health and longevity .
In Britain , a Food Standards Agency survey last year found 31 per cent of adults claimed to be taking the supplements , which typically cost £ 7 for a month 's supply .
The market in the UK is estimated to be worth over £ 330 m a year .
The researchers recorded around 10,000 cases of cancer , 9,000 heart attacks and 10,000 deaths , and compared the incidence among the women who took supplements with those who did not .
Marian Neuhouser of the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Centre in Seattle , who led the study published in Archives of Internal Medicine , said : " To our surprise we found that multivitamins did not lower the risk of the most common cancers and also had no impact on heart disease . "
I am striving . . . to discover whether man still has a place in this tangle ; whether he still has any authority among these colossal masses in movement ; whether he still can exert any force whatever on the statistics which are slipping from his hands into the abstract and the unreal .
Can he have a place , authority , and possibility of action on a better basis than ill - founded declarations of hope or blind acts of unreasonable faith ?
~ Jacques Ellul
A friend of ours has observed that one of the consequences of having children and grandchildren is that " they give you more people to worry about . "
As both a father and grandfather , her observation is correct .
I have long been of the view that a parent has a moral obligation not to allow his or her children to live under tyranny .
My adult life has been preoccupied with this duty but , while I believe my efforts have produced some marginal benefits , Leviathan still reaches out to devour all within its grasp .
My continuing focus on this danger has , at least , helped my daughters — and hopefully , in time , my grandchildren — to develop an awareness of the threat to their well - being posed by political systems and the uncertainties that lie before them .
It is interesting — albeit not pleasant — to witness the collapse of Western civilization .
A vibrant system that once was productive of the material and intangible values supportive of human well - being , has reached a terminal state .
Civilizing principles and practices that found sufficient — albeit inconstant — expression in Western societies , have deteriorated into an acceptance of corruption — provided it is carried out in high places — and the celebration of violence — provided it is directed against plausible categories of wrongdoers .
In such ways has the multi-trillion dollar looting of taxpayers on behalf of an entrenched corporate - state plutocracy combined with the ongoing conduct of endless wars against endless enemies to send a morally , intellectually , and economically bankrupt culture to an awaiting black hole .
As I watched politicians , members of the mainstream media , and selected academicians discuss the self - styled " stimulus " plan designed to confer trillions of dollars to the establishment ’s favored institutions , I found myself recalling those early days following the Bush administration ’s bombing of Baghdad , with thieves engaged in the wholesale looting of artifacts from the National Museum of Iraq .
How fitting that Americans , with their insistence upon procedural due process , should content themselves with watching Congress carry out such pillaging on C - SPAN , with the regularities of Roberts Rules of Order being faithfully observed .
The desperation with which presidents Bush and Obama urged this grand - scale despoliation was breathtaking , with Mr. Bush going so far as to threaten a declaration of martial law should Congress not accede to his plan .
Even the terminology underwent a rapid transformation : what began as a " bailout " quickly took on a bad name , and was changed to " stimulus . "
But who or what was to be " stimulated " remained open to question .
The more uncertainty that underlay this program , the more Boobus suspected something untoward .
In an effort to allay such fears , Mr. Obama spoke — in the haziest of words — about some " plan " being put together to save America from the effects of Newton ’s third law of motion .
After all , if Ozymandias is to have credibility among the dupable , its wizards must appear to be capable of designing and carrying out effective " plans . "
That the " plans " under consideration are but photocopies of the previous programs that created our present difficulties , is to be overlooked .
The study of economics or history might inform Boobus of the vicious circle within which he is ensnared .
But Mr. Obama has cautioned against listening to " ideologies , " or focusing upon the past !
To characterize this so - called " stimulus " as a plan that can rectify decades of programs and policies against which free - market advocates had long warned , is to corrupt the rational and informed nature of intelligent planning .
At best , the supporters of this program have offered little more than a hodge - podge of guess - work that boils down to " let ’s try this and see if it works . "
Neither is the undertaking an " investment " on behalf of taxpayers , as politicians insist on characterizing it .
I recently saw a figure that the total cost of the many " bailout " packages given to corporate interests , totals some $ 9,700,000,000,000 .
If my math is correct , this so - called " investment " comes out to almost $ 33,000 per American .
Do you expect to receive any dividend checks from these corporations , or be allowed to attend annual stockholder meetings to vote on new management ?
There is no doubt that the corporate recipients of this booty are " stimulated " to get as much money as they can .
But even the stumbling and bumbling uncertainty as to how the program will work , what criteria will be employed to determine recipients , or how the money will be used , illustrates that this program is not so much a rationally - based plan , as it is a scheme .
Any pretense of this being a carefully calculated solution to a ubiquitous problem clouds its sordid reality : a last - ditch effort on the part of institutional interests to ransack the governmental treasury before the entire system collapses .
The prognosis for a restoration of the economic health of the country resulting from it is no better than your submitting to brain surgery at the hands of a college freshman who has just received a B + in a first - year biology course !
This " plan " — like the wars whose costs have so greatly contributed to our economic woes — is but another expression of the moral , intellectual , and economic bankruptcies that are destroying Western civilization .
A productive , free , and peaceful society cannot be held together by violence , surveillance , torture , SWAT teams , lies , and prisons .
Neither can it countenance governmental policies of plundering the fruits of the labors of an entire population , and redistributing it to the institutional friends of those in power .
I apologize to my children and grandchildren for failing in my moral duty to protect you from the ravages of tyranny .
I shall continue in my efforts , of course , recognizing that only peaceful methods can produce a peaceful world .
In the meantime , I offer you this advice : ( 1 ) never believe anything the government tells you ; ( 2 ) never believe anything the mainstream media tells you ; ( 3 ) pay attention to — but be skeptical of — those whose ideas do not conform to consensus - based definitions of reality ; ( 4 ) master the art of contrary thinking , and learn to stay away from herds as well as from those who insist upon herding others into destructive , lemming - like stampedes ; ( 5 ) do not put your trust in those who offer you " hope , " but seek out those who will help you develop understanding ; ( 6 ) be prepared — as were your ancestors — to move to new frontiers that are better suited to both your liberty and material well - being ; ( 7 ) find , support , protect , and defend like - minded friends , being mindful of the shared origins of the words " peace , " " freedom , " " love , " and " friend ; " ( 8 ) avoid being drawn into the black hole to which our civilization is destined ; whose vacuuming force is made possible by the collective energies of your neighbors ; and , ( 9 ) mindful of all the above , avoid all sense of despair by combining your intelligence and emotions to help in the creation of a new civilization grounded in peace , liberty , and respect for the inviolability of the individual .
The Best of Butler Shaffer
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The days of cheap gas are retreating into the rearview mirror , as prices continue to flirt with the $ 2 - per - gallon mark .
The national average price for a gallon of unleaded gasoline edged down 0.1 cent to $ 1.965 Monday , according to the motorist group AAA .
This is bad news for the growing ranks of jobless Americans , who are pinching pennies and looking for ways to cut costs .
The current price would have been welcomed by summertime drivers , because it 's less than half the all - time high of $ 4.114 per gallon , achieved last July 17 .
But since gas prices slumped to a low of $ 1.616 per gallon on Dec. 30 , they 've jumped more than 20 % .
At their current rate , prices could easily eclipse $ 2 per gallon .
This is occurring as crude oil prices are trading well below $ 40 a barrel .
" I think what you 're seeing now is a backlash of a period , from the end of the summer until the end of the year , when refiners were selling gas into the consumer market at a discount to crude oil , " said Ben Brockwell , director of data pricing for OPUS .
Brockwell said refineries lost money last year , despite the surge in gas prices .
The refineries in the latter half of 2008 were paying top dollar for oil , and then producing gasoline in a low - demand economy , he said .
Now , refineries are producing less , driving up prices in even this low - demand economy , while stockpiling discount oil , he said .
It 's hard to tell how this impacts Americans , who have been cutting back on driving since last year , and who have avoided the gas - guzzling larger vehicles , said Moody 's chief economist John Lonski .
" You 'd rather see energy prices lower , but it does n't serve right now as one of the primary worries that affects consumer spending , " said Lonski .
" I would think that of the list of things to worry about , it does not yet rank as high as it did this spring or early summer , when gas prices were at stratospheric levels . "
Robert Sinclair , spokesman for AAA in New York , one of 16 states where the price of unleaded averages more than $ 2 a gallon , said , " Driving levels are already pretty low , with the downturn on the economy and people holding onto their pennies and worrying about the future . "
But gas prices will probably keep going up , as they often do in late winter and early spring , when refineries traditionally conduct annual maintenance on their facilities , said Peter Beutel of energy risk firm Cameron Hanover .
The silver lining for consumers is that , because of lower demand , prices are unlikely to return to their sky - high levels from last year , according to Beutel .
" I think this market is going to have a very tough time getting over $ 2.35 [ per gallon of unleaded by Memorial Day ] just because there are so many people out of work and the economy is having such as difficult time going forward , " he said .
Another portable toilet went up in flames at approximately 6:45 pm yesterday evening on the 700 block of Chestnut street in San Francisco 's North Beach .
This marks the 22nd incident since the arsons began in November .
Generally , the blazes have been started in the early morning hours .
It 's still not clear what , if any motive , is behind the fires .
Plastic portable toilets can melt in minutes after catching fire .
They turn into a pile of molten plastic .
" These people , I do n't think they 're criminals , but they are kind of out of their minds to do that , " Far West Sanitation & Storage containers president Alex Rodriguez told the Associated Press earlier this month .
San Francisco resident Rob Spectre has set up a map to track the blazes , clearly showing the cluster of incidents in the Marina , Russian Hill and North Beach neighborhoods .
Which makes it clear that at least there 's some method to the arsonist 's madness .
Photo by Beau B .
Jackson
West wishes there were more public toilets in San Francisco for all sorts of reasons .
JERUSALEM ( Reuters ) - Israeli authorities in Jerusalem said on Tuesday they had no immediate plans to demolish scores of Arab homes in the east of the city but that they had designated the area for a park .
Palestinians said on Monday the Israeli - controlled municipality of Jerusalem was preparing to evict 1,500 Palestinians and demolish 88 homes in East Jerusalem ’s Silwan district , to convert it into an open public space .
The dispute is part of a wider conflict over Jerusalem .
Israel regards all of the city as its capital , including East Jerusalem and adjacent parts of the West Bank annexed since their capture in 1967 , a claim not recognised internationally .
Some 500,000 Israelis live in the settlements , which are considered illegal internationally .
Ahead of next week ’s visit by new U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Palestinian officials are seeking support against what they say are Israeli plans to drive Arabs from the city and cut off occupied Arab East Jerusalem from territory on which they hope to establish a Palestinian state .
City officials said there were no immediate plans to evict Palestinians from Silwan or demolish any homes , but the Israeli mayor of Jerusalem , Nir Barkat , confirmed in a statement the area was scheduled for use as a recreational area .
The city ’s deputy mayor , Naomi Tsur , told Reuters that Barkat ’s administration , elected in November , was working on a zoning plan for the area but vowed first to seek an “ understanding with all the residents of the city . ”
Silwan , a mostly Palestinian neighbourhood next to Jerusalem ’s old walled city and its holy sites , has been a flashpoint of conflict .
U.S. special envoy George Mitchell was due in the region for talks ahead of Clinton ’s planned visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories on March 3 .
Rafiq al - Husseini , chief of staff for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas , took foreign diplomats on a tour on Tuesday of another disputed settlement zone near Jerusalem , known as E1 .
“ If the Israelis continue with this settlement policy in and outside of East Jerusalem then there cannot be peace at all , ” Husseini said of the E1 plan .
Palestinians say the plan could prevent the creation of a contiguous Palestinian state with East Jerusalem as its capital .
Interview : Behind the Scenes at SCALE
by Ostatic Staff - Jan. 22 , 2009
The seventh annual Southern California Linux Expo ( SCALE ) is scheduled to get underway early next month , along with a few co-hosted mini-conferences that address issues surroundingwomen in open source ( WIOS ) and FOSS health care solutions .
I caught up with one of the event 's organizers , Gareth Greenaway , to find get the inside scoop on what 's new , what 's different , and what they 've learned from past events .
OStatic : How many people make up the various organizing committees ?
How do you decide how to divide up responsibilities ?
We have the work load divided up among roughly 7 committees , each committee has varying numbers of committee members .
At some point early on we decided what committees would be responsible for what task ; over the years as the show grows , we 've refined the tasks a bit and moved some tasks around .
We 've also added new committees to better handle various tasks and divide the load .
Everyone knows what they have to do to make sure the show goes off without a hitch .
OStatic :
What will be different or new this year from past events ?
Each year the show evolves in different ways .
For the 2009 show we 've added additional exhibitor space as well as an additional speaker track dedicated to developer talks .
We 've also brought back the wildly popular Beginners Track to the program .
Each year we end up filling our speaker rooms to capacity and have people overflowing into the hallways .
It 's a nice problem to have , but usually people are happy if they have a place to sit down .
Because of this we 've added in some large rooms for speaker sessions .
Last year we teamed up with League of Professional System Administrators ( LOPSA ) and hosted two 3 - hour classes that we called SCALE U .
It was very well received and very popular , we 're continuing this for SCALE 7 x and have expanded it to four 3 - hour classes .
We 're also getting a lot of interest from other groups who are interested in hosting their own events prior to or during SCALE .
Currently we 'll have the Fedora Project 's Fedora Activity Day as well as a SVN Developers Day hosted by collab.net .
Both of these events will occur on Friday , February 20th prior to SCALE .
These will be in addition to our Friday events , Open Source in Education and Women in Open Source .
OStatic : This is the seventh SCALE event .
What have organizers learned along the way ?
SCALE has definitely been a learning experience for all of us .
The first SCALE was a crazy event , we definitely learned how to not run a conference that year . :)
We learned that we needed to check to make sure the venue had enough power capacity for all of our exhibitors .
We ended up having an exhibitor power on a huge server and blow the circuit breakers in the room three times before we figured out why everything kept shutting off .
Our show network has been another area where a lot of thought and preparation has gone in .
The SCALE technology chair , Stuart Sheldon , has gone to painstaking lengths to ensure that our show floor network is incredibly secure with each exhibitor isolated from each other .
In turn the exhibit floor is isolated from all the other areas of the show , for example our registration and our email garden .
We 've also learned a great deal about event organization and working as a team .
Communication is key to really pulling something like this off .
Personally , I think the most important thing that we 've learned along the way is to listen to the community .
I believe this is one of the reasons that SCALE has been so successful .
SCALE may be organized by a small core group of people , but we 're really take our cues from what the community as a whole wants to see in the show .
OStatic :
How many man hours would you estimate go into setting up the event ?
Do you still need volunteers ?
It usually depends on how close we are to the show .
For most of us , two months before the show it seems like we have two full time jobs .
Some of us joke that the last month or so , we give up sleeping . :)
We 're always in need of volunteers .
We have a great group of people that come back each year to help out at the show , but definitely always need more help .
OStatic : How many exhibitors do you have lined up ?
I see you 're asking exhibitors to offer live demonstrations of products .
What kinds of demos will we see this year ?
At the moment we 've got roughly 80 exhibitors lined up and we 've got space left for a few more .
All of our exhibitors are involved in the free & open source world in some capacity .
Attendees will be able to see them showing off their projects & products .
We have exhibitors that come back each year , such as Debian , IBM & the LinuxChix group .
We 're also going to have a few new exhibitors this year that have n't been to SCALE before including Coreboot , which is an open source BIOS replacement and the OpenSUSE Linux distributions .
We 're always talking to new potential exhibitors in hopes of letting our attendees know about groups they might not have heard of .
Many of the smaller dotORG groups that we end up inviting to the show get great exposure because of it .
OStatic :
There 's no shortage of open source conferences to attend each year .
Why should people choose SCALE over others ?
While we'd love for everyone to come to SCALE , we do n't encourage people to choose SCALE over other show .
We definitely think that the community - run shows are the direction that things are going .
And there are definitely plenty of them to chose from at this point : Linux Fest Northwest , Ohio Linux Fest , Ontario Linux Fest , South East Linux Fest , to name a few .
One of the awesome elements of all these regional community shows is the camaraderie between the organizers .
We try to keep in touch with the other events , trade ideas , learn from each other 's mistakes , etc .
OStatic :
Is there anything else you 'd like to add ?
SCALE is a definitely good time !
If you 've never been to the event then we definitely encourage you to come out for it .
We hope to see you there !
- video encodings still in process -
I 'm pretty sure most of these people have killed themselves out of a profound sense of shame .
I ’m inclined to say they were n’t .
Here are two reasons why :
Turbinate Bones
Endothermic ( warm blooded ) animals have a problem : water loss .
In an effort to maintain a constant body temperature ( in contrast to cold blooded animals who “ go with the flow ” of the ambient temperature outside ) , their metabolisms ( the sum total of all chemical reactions in an organism ) must run at a breakneck speed nearly all the time–at least in contrast to cold blooded animals ( elephants have a rather low metabolism for a mammal , but still higher than a croc ) .
One biproduct of this is water , H2O .
Why ?
The above equation is a basic cellular respiration equation ( metabolism ) .
If you put in six Carbohydrates and six Oxygens you get out six water molecules plus six molecules of Carbondioxyde plus energy ( usually in the form of heat and ATP , the energy molecule ) .
The CO2 loss is n’t a big deal , you just breath it out .
Much of the water you lose is through your urine , but you lose some water through breathing out also .
This is how you can fog up your windows in the winter .
A Turbinate bone is used to reduce this water loss through your nose .
How does it work ?
Well , in short , it is covered in specialized tissues that are responsible for humidifying , filtering , and heating the air you breath .
( it does much more , but we ’ll leave it at that for now ) .
[ As a side note , if you sleep with your mouth open , thereby bypassing your turbinate bone in your nose for breathing , you 'll dehydrate more during sleep than if you sleep with your mouth closed -- of course , there is the snoring problem ] .
Mammals and Birds both have these bones .
All warmblooded species alive today infact , that have been studied for such things , have a turbinate bone to prevent excessive water loss .
Did dinosaurs have a turbinate bone ?
No .
None of the fossils that have been collected have had them .
This is strong evidence against the likelyhood of endothermy .
Climate
The second piece of evidence is in the climate of the era during which dinosaurs lived and evolved .
Particularly two things :
Oxygen levels and temperature .
The late Triassic and Jurassic periods were both warmer ( by a lot ) than today and had much lower oxygen levels .
We ’ll cover the temperature problem first since it ’s the key .
Being an endotherm in a hot environment is not easy .
It ’s even harder for a large creature like a big dinosaur because of a quirk of physics called the volume to surface - area ratio .
If you ’re small , like a mouse , you have a large surface area relative to your overall volume .
This makes heat transfer to and from the environment easy .
Too easy sometimes !
Rats and mice have blazing fast metabolisms because they need massive amounts of heat to be generated to maintain body temperature ( remember that in the above equation , heat was a byproduct ) .
A lizard does n’t have to worry about such things .
He ’s an ectoderm ( coldblooded ) , so he does n’t need to maintain the same temperature all the time .
Instead he just lets himself cool down or heat up with the outside temperature .
Once it ’s warm enough , he can get going and catch some food .
( The correspondingly low metabolism also helps explain why reptiles can go so long between feedings .
A rat , in contrast , has to eat like an elephant to stay alive ! )
On the other side of the scale , an elephant , a very large warmblooded mammal , has a much much larger volume than it does surface area .
since heat transfer happens only at the surface ( the skin ) , this means the elephant can maintain its temperature rather easily and does n’t need to worry too much about losing heat .
This is great if you ’re a mastodon in the snow .
However , cooling off in a hot temperature environment becomes a huge pain when you ’re huge .
As a point of interest , most desert animals are lanky to decrease their volume and increase their surface area .
In contrast , cold weather creatures are often more “ rounded out ” to decrease surface area and increase volume , thereby decreasing heat - loss .
If we think of it that way , a warm - blooded , huge bodied dinosaur in a super hot environment makes little sense .
From much of the morphological evidence , many dinosaurs appeared to be quite active .
We know they were big .
But , if they were big and active , that is they would be increasing their metabolic rate during activity ( thereby heat ) even higher than baseline we have a problem for an endoderm !
Especially if they did n’t have a turbinate bone to decrease water loss !
It is more likely that dinosaurs were cold - blooded ( or at least not warmblooded ; there is some speculation about gray areas in these matters ) .
A cold blooded animal in a hot environment can be quite active .
And they do n’t run the serious risk of overheating the way that warmblooded creatures do .
Tuna are a good example .
The last thing is a side issue about oxygen levels .
Oxygen levels were quite low during the period of time that the dinosaurs rose to power .
But , there is mounting evidence that dinosaurs ( at least the saurischians ) had a specialized kind of air - sac lung system , the same kind that modern birds have ( who likely evolved from this subset of dinosaur ) .
This type of lung is FAR more efficient than the one hanging out in your chest ( or any chest of a mammal ) .
It ’s why birds can fly at altitute and still be so active ( they ’re flying for heaven sakes ! ) , and we need oxygen masks .
A coldblooded dinosaur with an air - sac lung could have thrived in an environment that was hot and oxygen poor .
FOLLOW UP :
The debate on this topic is far from over .
I tend to side with the idea that Saurischian Dinosaurs were ectotherms , but there are plenty of arguments to throw around .
For more on the topic , here ’s a site at Berkeley about it .
And the top five hypotheses :
Dinosaurs were complete endotherms , just like birds , their descendants .
Some or all dinosaurs had some intermediate type of physiology between endothermy and ectothermy .
We know too little about dinosaurs to hazard a guess at what their physiology was like .
Dinosaurs were mostly inertial homeotherms ; they were ectothermic
but maintained a constant body temperature by growing large .
Small
dinosaurs were typical ectotherms , maybe with a slightly elevated
metabolic rate .
All dinosaurs were simple ectotherms , enjoying the warm Mesozoic climate .
But that ’s okay ; many ectotherms are quite active , so dinosaurs could be active , too .
I ’m diggin ’ on number 4 , with a nod to number 5 .
Rachel talks to Frank Rich about the Republicans political strategy of obstructing everything and whether it 's time to blow up the filibuster .
While I agree with Rachel that blowing up the filibuster is a bad thing for minority rights in the Senate , I think that at least the threat of if is something I 'd welcome given how the Republicans are acting these days .
That or make them actually have to filibuster and take the political consequences for their actions .
Break out the diapers and the cots !
Frank Rich is correct in this interview and the GOP is in denial and adrift from the American people .
Rich hopes that some of them will come back to their senses and work in a way which benefits the American people .
The problem is if any of the GOP House members vote their conscience , they 've probably got more extremist primary challengers waiting for them .
Their party truly has boxed itself into a corner with choosing to be the party of " No " , racism , obstructionism , tax cuts for the rich , eat the poor and real life circumstances be damned .
I think the only gut check that 's going to fix them is actually being voted out of office .
In the mean time I 'll settle for diapers and cots in the Senate and Harry Reid growing a spine if they want to obstruct .
Why is it that economics is a Teflon discipline , seemingly unable to admit or recognize its errors ?
Economic policies in the US and most advanced economies are to a significant degree devised by economists .
They also serve as policy advocates , and are regularly quoted in the business and political media and contribute regularly to op - ed pages .
We have just witnessed them make a massive failure in diagnosis .
Despite the fact that there was rampant evidence of trouble on various fronts – a housing bubble in many countries ( the Economist had a major story on it in June 2005 and as readers well know , prices rose at an accelerating pace ) , rising levels of consumer debt , stagnant average worker wages , lack of corporate investment , a gaping US trade deficit , insanely low spreads for risky credits – the authorities took the “ everything is for the best in this best of all possible worlds ” posture until the wheels started coming off .
And even when they did , the vast majority were constitutionally unable to call its trajectory .
Now of course , a lonely few did sound alarms .
Nouriel Roubini and Robert Shiller both saw the danger of the housing / asset bubble ; Jim Hamilton at the 2007 Jackson Hole conference said that the markets would test the implicit government guarantee of Fannie and Freddie ; Henry Kaufman warned how consumer and companies were confusing access to credit ( which could be cut off ) with liquidity , and about how technology would amplify a financial crisis .
Other names no doubt belong on this list , but the bigger point is that these warnings were often ignored .
Shiller has offered a not -very - convincing defense , claiming that economists were subject to “ groupthink ” and no one wanted to stick his neck out .
That seems peculiar given that many prominent policy influencers are tenured .
They would seem to have greater freedom than people in any other field to speak their mind .
And one would imagine that being early to identify new developments or structural shifts would enhance one ’s professional standing .
But if a doctor repeatedly deemed patients to be healthy that were soon found to have Stage Four cancer that was at least six years in the making , the doctor would be a likely candidate for a malpractice suit .
Yet we have heard nary a peep about the almost willful blindiness of economists to the crisis - in - its - making , with the result that their central role in policy development remains beyond question .
Perhaps the conundrum results from the very fact that they are too close to the seat of power .
Messengers that bear unpleasant news are generally not well received .
And a government that wanted to engage in wishful , risky policies would want a document trail that said these moves were reasonable .
“ Whocouldanode ” becomes a defense .
But how economists may be compromised by their policy role is way beyond the scope of a post .
To return to the matter at hand : there appears to be an extraordinary lack of introspection within the discipline despite having presided over a Katrina - like failure .
Jeff Madrik tells us :
At the annual meeting of American Economists , most everyone refused to admit their failures to prepare or warn about the second worst crisis of the century .
I could find no shame in the halls of the San Francisco Hilton , the location at the annual meeting of American economists that just finished .
Mainstream economists from major universities dominate the meetings , and some of them are the anointed cream of the crop , including former Clinton , Bush and even Reagan advisers .
There was no session on the schedule about how the vast majority of economists should deal with their failure to anticipate or even seriously warn about the possibility that the second worst economic crisis of the last hundred years was imminent .
I heard no calls to reform educational curricula because of a crisis so threatening and surprising that it undermines , at least if the academicians were honest , the key assumptions of the economic theory currently being taught .
There were no sessions about why the profession was not up in arms about the deregulation of so sensitive a sector as finance .
They are quick to oppose anything that undermines free trade , by contrast , and have had substantial influence doing just that .
The sessions dedicated to what caused the crisis were filled , even those few sessions led by radical economists , who never saw turnouts for their events like the ones they just got .
But no one was accepting any responsibility .
I found no one fundamentally changing his or her mind about the value of economics , economists , or their own work .
No one questioned their contribution to the current frightening state of affairs , no one humbled by events .
Maybe I missed it all .
There were hundreds of sessions .
I asked others .
They had n’t heard any mea culpas , either .
Madrik goes on in the balance of his piece to offer a list of things economists got wrong .
Unfortunately , it ’s off the mark in that he contends that economists ( in effect ) had unified beliefs on a lot of fronts .
It ’s a bit more accurate to say that there was a policy consensus , and anyone who deviated from the major elements had a bloody hard time getting a hearing ( Dean Baker regularly points out that the New York Times and Washington Post still keep quoting economists who got the crisis wrong ) .
The particulars on his list need some work too , but at least it ’s a start ( reader comments and improvements on it would be very much appreciated ) .
But Madrik does seem spot on about the lack of needed navel - gazing .
I looked at the AEA schedule and did not see anything that questioned existing paradigms .
And one paper that did was released recently , “ The Crisis of 2008 : Structural Lessons for and from Economics , ” fell so far short of asking tough questions that it proves Madrik ’s point .
The analysis is shallow and profession serving .
And that is not to say the author , Daron Acemoglu , is writing in bad faith , but to indicate how deeply inculcated economists are .
For instance , one of the three ( only three ? ) ways in which he says economists took too much comfort in the Great Moderation ;
The seeds of the crisis were sown in the Great Moderation …
Everyone who patted themselves or others on the back during that time was really missing the point …
The same interconnections that reduced the effects of small shocks created vulnerability to massive system - wide domino effects .
No one saw this clearly .
Huh ?
The problems with the Great Moderation were far more deeply rooted than this depiction suggests .
Acemoglu ’s take is that the economy became more susceptible to shocks ( that is , absent the bad luck of a shock , things could have continued merrily along ) .
Thomas Palley argues , persuasively , that it was destined to come a cropper :
The raised standing of central bankers rests on a phenomenon that economists have termed the “ Great Moderation . ”
This phenomenon refers to the smoothing of the business cycle over the last two decades , during which expansions have become longer , recessions shorter , and inflation has fallen .
Many economists attribute this smoothing to improved monetary policy by central banks , and hence the boom in central banker reputations .
This explanation is popular with economists since it implicitly applauds the economics profession by attributing improved policy to advances in economics and increased influence of economists within central banks .
For instance , the Fed ’s Chairman is a former academic economist , as are many of the Fed ’s board of governors and many Presidents of the regional Federal Reserve banks .
That said , there are other less celebratory accounts of the Great Moderation that view it as a transitional phenomenon , and one that has also come at a high cost .
One reason for the changed business cycle is retreat from policy commitment to full employment .
The great Polish economist Michal Kalecki observed that full employment would likely cause inflation because job security would prompt workers to demand higher wages .
That is what happened in the 1960s and 1970s .
However , rather than solving this political problem , economic policy retreated from full employment and assisted in the evisceration of unions .
That lowered inflation , but it came at the high cost of two decades of wage stagnation and a rupturing of the link between wage and productivity growth .
Disinflation also lowered interest rates , particularly during downturns .
This contributed to successive waves of mortgage refinancing and also reduced cash outflows on new mortgages .
That improved household finances and supported consumer spending , thereby keeping recessions short and shallow .
With regard to lengthened economic expansions , the great moderation has been driven by asset price inflation and financial innovation , which have financed consumer spending .
Higher asset prices have provided collateral to borrow against , while financial innovation has increased the volume and ease of access to credit .
Together , that created a dynamic in which rising asset prices have supported increased debt - financed spending , thereby making for longer expansions .
This dynamic is exemplified by the housing bubble of the last eight years .
The important implication is that the Great Moderation is the result of a retreat from full employment combined with the transitional factors of disinflation , asset price inflation , and increased consumer borrowing .
Those factors now appear exhausted .
Further disinflation will produce disruptive deflation .
Palley wrote this in April 2008 , although he had touched on some of these issues earlier .
Did this view reach a wide audience ?
No .
Understanding why might help us understand better why the economics profession went astray .
Acemoglu ’s paper had a couple of other eye - popping items :
Even though he gives lip service to the idea that the economics was unduly infused with ideas from Ayn Rand , he then backtracks :
On the contrary , the recognition that markets live on foundations laid by institutions — that free markets are not the same as unregulated markets — enriches both theory and its practice .
“ Free markets ” is Newspeak , and the sooner we collectively start to object to the use of that phrase , the better .
Because it is imprecise and undefined , advocates can use it to mean different things in different contexts .
I cannot take any economist seriously who uses “ free markets ” in anything more rigorous than a newspaper column ( and even there it would annoy me ) .
It has NO place in an academic paper ( save perhaps on the evolution of the concept ) .
We also have this :
A deep and important contribution of the discipline of economics is the insight that greed is neither good nor bad in the abstract .
This reveals that Acemoglu has been corrupted by Rand more than he seems willing to recognize .
No one would have dared write anything like that even as recently as ten years ago .
Let us consider the definition of greed , from Merriam Webster :
a selfish and excessive desire for more of something ( as money ) than is needed
Greed is different than , say , ambition .
“ Greed is good ” was famously attributed to criminal Ivan Boesky , and later film felon Gordon Gekko .
Put more bluntly , greed is the id without restraint .
Psychiatrists , social workers , policemen , and parents all know that unchecked , conscienceless desire is not a good thing .
Acemoglu calls for external checks ( ‘ the right incentive and reward structures ” ) , when the record of the last 20 years is that a neutral to positive view of greed allows for ambitious actors to increasingly bend the rules and amass power .
The benefits are concentrated , and the costs often sufficiently diffuse as to provide for insufficient incentives ( or even means ) for checking such behavior .
Like it or not , there is a role for social values , as nineteenth century that may sound .
The costs of providing a sufficiently elaborate superstructure of rules and restrictions is far more costly than having a solid baseline of social norms .
But our collective standards have fallen so far I am not sure we can reach a better equilibrium there .
The AbiWord project has announced that NLnet is providing funding to facilitate the development of improved OpenDocument ( ODF ) filters in AbiWord .
This will increase the program 's compatibility with the format and boost its interoperability with OpenOffice.org ( OOo ) .
AbiWord is a cross- platform open source word processing application .
It is widely used on the Linux platform and is regarded by many users as a good lightweight alternative to OOo's word processing program .
Although it already has relatively decent support for standard formats , including ODF and Microsoft 's Office Open XML ( OOXML ) , there is still plenty of room for improvement in those import and export filters .
NLnet , a non-profit organization that promotes open source development and adoption of open standards , wants to help improve AbiWord 's ODF compatibility by providing funding to AbiSource , a company founded by some of the AbiWord developers .
To help expose areas where ODF compatibility improvement is needed , the AbiWord team has called for users to help test the import and export filters and file bug reports .
AbiWord is one of several open source programs that is receiving funding from NLnet for ODF - related work .
NLnet also provides resources to a Symbian mobile office implementation and a project that aims to implement support for ODF revision tracking with Subversion .
The commercialization of the malware industry is a major trend we at Ars have followed , but the Web Hacking Incident Database ( WHID ) 's 2008 annual report indicates that economics remains but one factor among many .
Unlike most security reports , WHID samples a very small group of real - world , nonrandom attacks .
There were 57 such incidents in 2008 , 49 in 2007 , and a total of 294 from 1999 - 2008 .
The organization changed its inclusion criteria in 2006 ; the current report only includes data from 2007 as reference material .
Of the 57 incidents the WHID analyzed in 2008 , 24 percent of them — the largest single percentage — were aimed at defacing websites for the purpose of taking an ideological stand or conveying a specific political message .
Other , more " traditional " activities were well represented — 19 percent of attacks were aimed at stealing information , 16 percent planted malware , and 13 percent were meant to cause monetary loss .
These last three categories are the ones that dominate security reporting — people tend to care the most when their wallets or personally identifiable information ( PII ) are at risk .
Website defacement , however , should not be ignored .
" Web defacements are a serious problem and are a critical barometer for estimating exploitable vulnerabilities in web sites , " according to the report .
" Traditionally , defacements are labeled as a low severity issue as the focus is on the impact or outcome of thse attacks ... we found that the majority [ of defacement attacks ] were of a political nature , targeting political parties , candidates , and government departments ...
Others have a cultural aspect , mainly Islamic hackers defacing western web sites . "
The WHID report specifically mentions Islam , but we saw other occurrences of the same behavior in 2008 .
When Russia invaded Georgia to " rescue " the region of South Ossetia last August , Georgian president Mikheil Saakashvili claimed that the country was under formal , organized Russian attack both online and in cyberspace .
The attacks themselves were real — there 's no doubt about that — but later , more thoughtful analysis indicated there was little reason to suspect the assault was formally approved by the Russian government rather than the work of politically motivated " hacktivists . "
Go back a few more months in 2008 , and it was India accusing China of hacking its online resources ; step back into early 2007 and Estonian - Russian relations were temporarily impaired by an Estonian student who defaced his country 's websites with pro-Russian propoganda .
Hacktivism often rears its head when relations between two countries are at a relative low point and the situation is tense .
Security researchers have responded to the increasingly economically minded malware market by beginning to track attack vectors by how easily they can be monetized and spread ; a trend we approve of .
If WHID 's results are valid and accurately map to the actual total number of online attacks , firms may also want to consider sociopolitical tensions between various nation - states when evaluating where hot spots are likely to erupt .
Hackers may be motivated by financial reasons just as much as anyone , but there 's clearly more than dollar signs motivating a large section of the community .
Welcome to the thirteenth edition of Drugs and Pharmacology .
Today , we will discuss the fallacies of Dr. Sanjay Gupta ’s logic on marijuana prohibition , the prevalence and impact of dual diagnosis ( mental disorders coupled with substance abuse ) , the benefits of breaking caffeine addiction , and poisonous birds with an analgesic effect .
Remember , we review the latest blogs related to drugs — medicinal , recreational , interactional , personal , professional , or any other aspects .
If you were left out in this round , just leave a comment with your blog entry .
You can check out the archives for every edition of this carnival .
For future editions , please remember to submit your blog entries using the online submission form .
We will do our best to review and include your entry !
Enjoy your readings …
Rationalitate writes Possible Surgeon General Sanjay Gupta ’s tortured logic on marijuana prohibition :
But at the end comes the biggest doozy , when he declares : “ And if you get high before climbing behind the wheel of a car , you will be putting yourself and those around you in danger . ”
This is made all the worse as its the last line of the article , giving you the impression that it ’s the biggest thing you should take away from this all .
Mind Mart writes
One Treatment , No Cure :
A well known study done in 1990 reported a dual diagnosis prevalence of 53 percent for problem drug users and 37 percent for problem alcohol users .
A more recent study in 2004 found a prevalence of 60 percent for independent mood disorders and 43 percent as having at least one anxiety disorder .
Living the Scientific Life writes The Evolution of Poisonous Birds :
‘ I performed this very complicated and sophisticated experiment .
I clipped off some feathers and popped them in my mouth ’ — taking care not to swallow .
His lips , mouth and tongue became numb almost immediately .
Clearly it was the pitohui itself — not some plant or tree — that was the culprit .
LimitlessUnits.com writes
Why and How I Broke My Addiction to Caffeine :
I have higher and more even energy levels .
I no longer have the caffeine driven ups and downs .
Since I work in the video game industry , I am expected to work in “ crunch ” mode just prior to a product shipping .
During crunch , developers are hard at work for 70 to 100 hours a week , six to seven days a week for periods of up to and beyond 6 months .
[ How do you stop racing game AI seeming unfair , but heighten competition ?
Black Rock 's Jimenez goes in - depth to reveal the company 's AI tactics for the critically acclaimed Pure . ]
Introduction
This article offers an alternative rubber band method to balance the AI behavior in racing games .
It presents the concept in a chronological manner , demonstrating its evolution throughout the development of Pure , our recently released trick - based racing game .
Initially we will cover the three main systems behind the concept : skills , dynamic competition balancing and the " race script " .
We then move onto explaining its implementation in Pure and how we used the previously mentioned toolset to try and give the player the desired experience .
Finally we will offer conclusions and suggest possible alternative uses for the system .
Rubber Band
When developing the AI in Pure , we wanted to create a system which always provided convincing , fair and interesting races for the player .
We wanted to challenge the player by spreading out the field , while keeping rivals close but not punishing them too much for making mistakes .
Races in video games need to be managed well to make them exciting ; otherwise the player will almost always stay ahead or fall behind the pack and stay there .
Rubber banding is a system that tries to maintain the tension and thrill of the race by keeping the AI characters around the player .
It does so by reducing ( drastically ) the velocity , cornering skills , obstacle avoidance , etc. , of the AI characters in front of player , and increasing ( just as drastically ) the skills of the ones behind .
Usually rubber band methods rely predominately on speed changes , and so are often criticized because it 's obvious when AI riders are going superhumanly fast or brain dead slow .
This method is very effective , as it keeps players surrounded for the whole race .
It has an important downside : it 's not fair , and that unfairness is easy to spot .
It can easily break the illusion of fairness in the race .
No matter how well a player does during the first 75 % of the race , everything is decided by how they perform at the end .
A single mistake in the last section can cost the player the whole race .
On the other hand , no matter how many mistakes the player makes at the beginning , there is still a chance of winning the race .
The result : players can get frustrated and feel the competition is not fair .
Given all this we rejected using rubber band .
Skills
When we originally started the project we wanted to base the performance of the AI mainly on the concept of skill .
Every AI character 's performance was originally based exclusively on a unique set of skills .
Different aspects of the behavior of the AI will do better or worse depending on the associated skill for each ability .
For instance , the " tricks performance " skill governs how well the character performs the tricks , and how often he fails them would be dictated by what we called the " jump effectiveness " skill .
The skills are represented as a real number within the range [ 0..1 ] , where 0 is the worst the character can perform in the associated category and 1 is the best .
Besides performance , skills can also be used to represent personality .
For instance , the character 's aggressiveness ( controlling how much a character will try to take you off the track ) or the probability for him to oversteer / understeer the corners .
Thus , you can have skills that wo n't noticeably modify the performance of the AI character but nonetheless change its behavior .
In this article , we will only discuss the skills that affect performance .
Dynamic Competition Balancing
We initially thought the game difficulty could be balanced by determining a skill range for the AI .
For instance , we thought a range of [ 0.4.. 0.6 ] would be fine for normal difficulty , having the best character of the race 0.6 in all his skills and the worst character 0.4 .
This approach presented some problems :
The difficulty level was usually either too hard or too easy .
It was very difficult to exactly match the player 's skill , and therefore the game always seemed to have the wrong difficulty setting .
Lonely racing .
This is a side effect of the previous point : since the difficulty level was wrong , the player spent way too much time racing alone .
This is not fun .
We soon realized this was far too inflexible and put us even further from achieving a fair but challenging race .
Therefore we decided to call these values " initial skills " and have another set that would be the actual skills to be applied , which would be based on the initial ones .
These new sets of " actual skills " ( we will refer to them simply as " skills " from now on ) were calculated by adding an offset ( either positive or negative ) to the initial skills .
This offset depends on the state of the race .
We called this system of modifying the skills dynamically during the race " Dynamic Competition Balancing " ( we will refer to it as DCB in this article ) .
Pledge “ AdaLovelaceDay ”
" I will publish a blog post on Tuesday 24th March about a woman in technology whom I admire but only if 1,000 other people will do the same . "
— Suw Charman- Anderson
Deadline to sign up by : 24th March 2009
1,978 people signed up ( 978 over target )
More details
Ada Lovelace
Day is an international day of blogging to draw attention to women excelling in technology .
Women 's contributions often go unacknowledged , their innovations seldom mentioned , their faces rarely recognised .
We want you to tell the world about these unsung heroines .
Whatever she does , whether she is a sysadmin or a tech entrepreneur , a programmer or a designer , developing software or hardware , a tech journalist or a tech consultant , we want to celebrate her achievements .
It does n't matter how new or old your blog is , what gender you are , what language you blog in , or what you normally blog about - everyone is invited to take part .
All you need to do is sign up to this pledge and then publish your blog post any time on Tuesday 24th March 2009 .
If you 're going to be away that day , feel free to write your post in advance and set your blogging system to publish it that day .
We will gather as many of the posts together on the day as we can , and we 'll let you know exactly how we 're going to do that nearer the time .
For ongoing updates about Ada Lovelace day , please follow us on Twitter , join our mailing list or see our blog .
http://findingada.com/
http://twitter.com/FindingAda
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/findingada
Who was Ada ?
Ada Lovelace was one of the world 's first computer programmers , and one of the first people to see computers as more than just a machine for doing sums .
She wrote programmes for Charles Babbage 's Analytical Engine , a general - purpose computing machine , despite the fact that it was never built .
She also wrote the very first description of a computer and of software .
Advertisements
President Obama made the nightly network news rounds tonight to both pitch his stimulus package , and take responsibility for Tom Daschle withdrawing his name from consideration to be HHS Secretary .
Obama said that this was an embarrassing day for his administration .
In an interview with World News Tonight ’s Charles Gibson on ABC , the president was asked if this was an embarrassing day , “ Well , I think it has .
I mean , I think that any time one of your nominees pulls out , that ’s an issue .
And , you know , as I ’ve said publicly , you know , ultimately , I take responsibility for the situation that we ’re in .
But what I also think is important is to stay focused on the overarching theme of this administration , which is making sure that we get this economy back on track , that we provide health care for people who are in desperate need of it . ”
While on the NBC Nightly News with Brian Williams Obama took responsibility for nominating Daschle and expressed his anger and disappointment , “ Oh it made me angry and disappointed and it ’s something I have to take responsibility for .
I appointed these folks .
I think they are outstanding people .
I think Tom Daschle as an example could have led this health care effort , a difficult effort better than just about anybody .
But as he acknowledged , this was a mistake .
I do n’t think it was intentional on his part but it was a serious mistake .
He owned up to it and ultimately made a decision that we could n’t afford the distraction and I ’ve got to own up to my mistake which is that ultimately it ’s important for this administration to send a message that there are n’t two sets of rules . ”
Advertisements
Obama put it more bluntly in a CNN interview with Anderson Cooper , “ Well , you know , I think this was a mistake .
I think I screwed up .
And , you know , I take responsibility for it and we ’re going to make sure we fix it so it does n’t happen again . ”
This was a screw up .
The White House team that did the vetting before the nominees were announced should have done a better job .
It is obvious that in both the Daschle and Geithner , the White House either did not do a thorough enough job , or underestimated the political treachery associated with back taxes .
In my view , this represents Obama coming back down to Earth a bit .
He was able to come in on a high and do so much so quickly that it almost seemed like the same old Washington politics were n’t there .
The uproar over Tom Daschle ’s back taxes is a sign that the same old hypocritical Washington politics are alive and well .
What is different is that after two presidents who tended to blame others , Obama is trying to run his administration in a stand up manner .
That is to be respected .
I think the president has learned a valuable lesson today .
He has always proven himself to be a quick study , so I believe him when he says that this wo n’t happen again .
Watch Obama on the NBC Nightly News :
There is natural sugar in apples .
Yes apples do have suger in them but it does n't mean they are not healthy .
Location of Gagauzia ( purple ) in Moldova ...
And location of the Gagauz language ( surrounded by the red circle ) along with nearby Turkic languages ( official languages in dark blue , regional languages in light blue ) to show the geographic proximity .
Gagauz Yerinin eski insannarı - übür türk halkı nogaylar zamanna göç ettilär Dobruca hem başka regionnara .
zamanna
zamanla
topraalar ı
toprakları
topraan büük bir kısmını içersinä alêr
toprağın büyük bir kısmını içerisine alır
There 's an interesting interview here in French with the governor of Gagauzia , an autonomous territory located in Moldova where the people speak the Gagauz language , a language closely related to Turkish .
Taking a look at one of the pages in their test Wikipedia here , I do n't see a single word that I do n't know .
Take this part for example :
One difference you can see is the plural - lar being replaced by - nar after a consonant ( you see this in Korean too by the way ) along with - la after a consonant also becoming - na ( instead of ) and there 's of course a bit of a difference in the vowels with ö sometimes becoming ü and e becoming ä , but that 's really not a great difference at all .
Sometimes consonants seem to be removed as well : ( its lands ) would bein standard Turkish , . - this would be .
( " takes a large part of the land within it " ) .
So we have an autonomous region in Moldova with a population of 155,700 , 82 % of which are ethnic Gagauz .
Apparently the language is spoken by 150,000 as well , making a fairly large block of people that can easily speak and understand Turkish .
The reason why this is interesting is that even though there 's a fair amount of opposition to the entry of Turkey into the EU , a lot of countries that have recently entered have quite a large Turkish population ( Bulgaria has 800,000 or so ) , and a lot that are going to enter ( Macedonia ) or might enter much later on ( Moldova ) also have large Turkish populations , along with Cyprus that if unified will also bring in Turkish as an official language of the EU before Turkey even joins .
Here 's most of one part of the interview in French about the links the Gagauz people have with Turkey :
CdB : Quels liens les Gagaouzes ont - ils gardé avec la Turquie ?
MF :
Tout d’abord , je voudrais préciser qu’il existe de nombreuses hypothèses sur nos origines .
Et l’on ne sait toujours pas aujourd ’hui laquelle est la bonne .
Peut - être ne le saurons nous jamais .
Ce qui et sûr , c’est que les Gagaouzes parlent une langue très proche du turc et qu’ils étaient autrefois de bons paysans , de bons éleveurs mais aussi de bons combattants puisqu’ils ont longtemps protégé le Sud-Ouest de l’Empire russe .
Pour en revenir aux Turcs , ils nous aident dans tous les domaines et ne nous demandent rien en échange .
Sur le plan économique , Istanbul subventionne de nombreux projets de développement sur notre territoire .
Cette année encore , ils ont investi 5 millions de dollars dans un projet d’alimentation en eau à Ceadâr - Lunga .
De même , les liens culturels sont très forts .
Certaines de nos villes sont jumelées avec des villes turques , comme notre capitale , Comrat , avec la ville d’Isparta située à l’ouest de la Turquie .
Une majorité de Turcs a déjà entendu parler de notre petit peuple que ce soit à travers les médias locaux , les festivals ou d’autres projets culturels .
Toutefois , s’il est vrai que nous sommes un petit peuple , nous avons des liens avec d’autres pays que la Turquie .
Nous travaillons notamment avec la Roumanie , la Biélorussie , la Russie , l’Ukraine et même la France .
Enfin , en matière de diplomatie , c’est bien Chişinău qui garde la main , malgré l’autonomie dont nous bénéficions .
CdB : What links to the Gagauz people maintain with Turkey ?
MF : " First , I would like to clarify that there are a number of hypotheses about our origins , and one can't say which one is the best .
Maybe we will never know .
What 's certain is that the Gagauz speak a language very close to Turkish and that they were good citizens , good farmers but also good fighters because they have long protected the southwest part of the Russian Empire .
Getting back to the Turks , they help us in all domains and do not ask anything back in exchange .
On the economic front , Istanbul supports many development projects in our territory .
Just this year they have invested $ 5 million in a water supply project to Ceadâr - Lunga .
Our cultural ties are also very strong .
Some of our cities are twinned with cities in Turkey , like our capital , Comrat , with the city of Isparta in the west of Turkey .
A majority of Turkish have heard about our small people whether through local media , festivals or other cultural projects .
However , though it 's true that we 're a small people , we have links with other countries besides Turkey .
We work particularly with Romania , Belarus , Russia , Ukraine , and even France .
Finally , in terms of diplomacy it 's Chişinău ( the capital of Moldovia ) that holds the upper hand there , despite the autonomy that we enjoy . "
You can see the rest of the interview translated automatically by Google ( if you do n't know French ) here .
Note that it begins by saying that Gagauzia is not seeking any type of independence ( i.e. it 's not even close to the same situation as places like South Ossetia or Abkhazia ) , but rather just the protection of their language and culture .
That should n't be difficult at all considering how closely linked it is to a much larger Turkish language that is in no danger of going anywhere .
As for culture ... well , that generally comes along with language so as long as they can maintain the Gagauz language on its own ( I would suggest continuing to build up their test Wikipedia so that it can become a real Wikipedia to aid this ) it should n't be all that difficult to do .
Gagauz Yerin bayraa - flag of Gagauzia .
Masters of Understatement
Likable Nobodies
It 's Best If You Don't Notice
Load Times Are No Match For Conversations !
Worth The Effort ?
[ In this in - depth Gamasutra opinion piece , writer Tom Cross examines Left 4 Dead 's in - game dialogue and Mass Effect 's elevator converations , and how the former especially leads the way in a new brand of natural pseudo - storytelling .
]
To play a video game is often to be party to a strange chorus of grunts , yelps , and insults .
Characters in games are designed to react to their environments with as much " realism " and responsiveness as possible .
From the unfortunate pointedly , ethnic enemies in Drake 's Fortune to the pained grunts of Big Daddies , to your teammates telling you not to shoot them , all games have hundreds of snippets of sounds in the wings , waiting for you to provoke them .
Even games that feature voiceless snarling enemies can create palpable atmosphere just by including interesting , scary , or numerous enemy and character barks .
A game like Doom 3 relies heavily on such mechanisms : the groans , screams , roars and screeches that your enemies produce are all the information you 'll be provided with about their nature , aside from a few introductory cutscenes and forced expositional text documents .
Of course , there are also games that trade in verbose , incredibly context - sensitive responses .
In Deus Ex , leaping on a table will elicit disapproval and derision ; entering the woman 's bathroom will earn you a disapproving coworker for the foreseeable future .
All of these interactions are worked out within the minor conversations and comments seen in passing through the game .
Likewise , enemies in Deus
Ex respond to you or what you are : a dangerous , fearsome genetically modified murderer and policeman .
But Deus
Ex provides these interactions alongside traditional cutscenes .
Games that do n't have cutscenes have to work even harder to get mileage out of on - the - fly , in - game narrative tools , because that 's all they have .
Thus , it is not surprising that the most interesting and subtly successful practicer of this trade is Valve .
Valve of course has a slight edge in this department : their policy of constant immersion within the avatar ( never in there single - player games does the camera escape from the protagonist 's point of view except in death ) has forced them to become better and better storytellers in areas that others do not have to explore as fully .
Valve 's Half Life 2 : Episode 1 & 2 tested its technique in a new way .
Before , Valve only had to provide the banter for Gordon Freeman 's temporary comrades : they would mostly comment on the present combat situation , and nothing beyond that .
In the first two expansion episodes , however , Alyx Vance became the player 's near - constant companion .
As a result , she could n't just have combat and quest - related asides ; she had to be able to respond to and " interact " with the character on a verbal level , creating the illusion of a consciousness aware of Gordon , traveling with him .
This was accomplished by making various physical actions taken by the player produce verbal responses from Alyx .
In pitch - black tunnels , if the player turns off Gordon 's flashlight , Alyx will tell you to turn it back on .
Likewise , Alyx will cover her eyes when you shine your light at them .
These are of course the simplest of examples :
Alyx would also comment on any number of puzzles and situations that she and Gordon found themselves in .
Some of these comments were vague and could happen in different locations , but others were location and situation - sensitive .
Still , Alyx and theworld still have cinematic scenes of a sort , and an extremely strong narrative force , however camouflaged .
What if a game eschewed all but the briefest opening and closing scripted moments , and instead had to rely entirely on randomly ( and not so randomly ) generated sound bites to flesh out its characters and settings ?
Enter Left 4 Dead , Valve 's co-op online zombie apocalypse shooter .
Left 4
Dead features only a handful of in - engine cinematics and one pre-rendered movie : aside from that , the story and characters are what you make of them , aided by their continuous stream of dialogue between each other .
This of course means that there is no story to speak of .
Your plucky ( or grizzled or na�ve ) heroes either make the escape vehicle or not .
There are no long - term story - based consequences for actions taken , beyond the death of a survivor .
Each character has a recognizable personality , if you take the time to learn them .
Louis is sure that things will get better soon , that things will go " back to normal . "
Francis hates everything : train yards , vans , the military , rooms , you name it and he 'll tell you he hates it .
Bill is the gruff old survivalist who is the unofficial leader of the team ( think Nick Nolte at any time in the last 10 years ) .
Zoe is the wisecracking college student , the only one of the survivors to regularly find humor in their unpleasant situation .
That entire paragraph was culled mostly from the in - game dialogue .
Sure , you can get the general idea of it all from the opening cutscene , but cutscenes only paint brief portraits .
It 's the character 's constant dialogue that reinforces Zoe 's zombie insults and humor , Francis ' constant complaining , Louis ' strangely resilient optimism , or the grudging respect and feelings the group feel for each other .
These are just the obvious aspects of each character .
If you play the game enough , you 'll hear Bill joke about the last zombie plague ( in the ' 50s ) being much worse than this one .
I 've played this game for tens of hours , and gotten nowhere near to hearing all these characters have to say .
All of this character depth , and there is n't a " quiet moment , " romance , or philosophical debate to be seen .
It 's like a great horror movie with all of the bad stuff cut out , with characters that constantly remind you of their humanity without making too big a show of being " characterized . "
And yet these are still horror movie archetypes , it 's just that they 've been given a slightly different stage this time round .
This is the ultimate argument for seamlessly integrating characterization into gameplay .
When this kind of descriptive writing is treated as commonplace , it blends into the gameplay .
At the same time this technique gives players absolutely no control over said characterization .
It makes it a part of the world and the characters in a way that a game like Fallout 3 or Final Fantasy could never replicate , despite occasional comments on the hero 's progress or " spontaneous " conversations between NPCs .
In those games , characters speak their parts and then go into vocal hibernation .
Here , there 's never a " dialogue camera , " because the characters are performing their fake humanity all the time .
It 's subtle and effective , as most people have noticed , and it makes the game that much more fun to play , when you know each character by name , personality , and sound .
It 's this hard to describe phenomenon , this almost casual , off - the - cuff air , that 's such an impressive accomplishment .
Of course none of these sound bites are haphazard or unplanned .
Every single one has been defined and designated as carefully as possible , so that every survivor has several reactions to certain kinds of enemies , to each other 's deaths , and to rescue .
The brilliant trick of it is , since there is only one narrative mode , everything is character performance and definition .
There 's never a point where we stand back and watch things unfold , and when we do , it is n't a character - based scene , it 's a car driving away .
This kind of characterization cannot ( in this state ) replace storytelling .
It ca n't compare to the changing relationship between Elika and the Prince in Prince of Persia , for instance .
In that game , the comments produced by characters changed over time , reflecting the changes in their relationship as set up by story segments .
This does n't mean that the approach so deftly executed in Left 4 Dead could n't be employed to tell a story , and a detailed one too .
One game that makes this attempt is Mass Effect .
Say what you will about the game 's long elevator rides , Bioware decided to fill those trips with some interesting dialogue .
Every once in a while , the two characters you had with you would have a conversation .
If those characters happened to be Ashley and Liara , the conversation might be about how Ashley is a xenophobe .
Their next conversation would acknowledge the previous one , and involved Ashley saying that she had learned that not all aliens were bad .
This did n't mitigate the horror of the long elevators , but if it had been expanded and deepened , think of the possibilities .
Every elevator ride would unlock knew insights into character 's motivations , relations with each other , and thoughts regarding the various quests at hand .
There 's something to be said for NPC interaction that is n't player initiated : it makes the ensuing relationships and dialogues feel more tangible and less dependent on player input .
That 's an important goal when the whole game revolves around player action and inaction .
This of course points us toward the problems inherent in such interactions .
How do developers ensure that we fickle players will stick around to see these conversations ( aside from annoying elevators ) ?
Valve knows that we 'll be there for every second of Left 4 Dead 's dialogue , but that dialogue does n't catalogue the change of opinions or characters over time .
The incredibly difficult job that designers have is to bring these moments closer to the realm of normal gameplay .
Why expend effort on that kind of content when they know they can make us watch a video ?
I 'm sure that they 're doing just that as I write this : trying to figure out more and more ingenious ways to get us to pay attention to such moments .
Obviously this technique has a long way to go before it approaches the success and acceptability of a cutscene , but it 's a viable support tool , and a potentially insightful and subtly brilliant kind of storytelling .
It 's something I 'd love to see more of , because it 's the kind of thing that I play games for , regardless of genre or theme .
[ Tom Cross also writes for Gamers ' Temple and blogs about video games at shouldntbegaming.wordpress.com .
You can contact him at romain 47 at gmail dot com . ]
As they pull away , he is fired at 6 times and returns fire with 2 shots from his AK
Published in : WordPress
How can a software company like Automattic make money when they are giving away WordPress blogging software for free ?
WordPress founder Matt Mullenweg shared how WordPress makes money :
1 . Web Hosting - WordPress offers web hosting services to big brands like WSJ ’s All Things D , CNN , TechCrunch , Time.com and more .
The pricing for WordPress VIP Hosting starts at $ 15,000 per month .
2 . Google AdSense -
Free blogs hosted on WordPress.com may sometimes carry Google AdSense ads and the ad revenue goes to WordPress .
The Google ads will only appear if all the following three conditions are met :
The visitor is not using Firefox browser .
He has logged out of his WordPress account , if he has one .
The referring source is not a WordPress powered blog .
So if you land on abc.wordpress.com from xyz.wordpress.com , you wo n’t see any Google Ads .
Even with all these conditions , the revenue generated from serving Google AdSense ads on WordPress.com hosted blog may still be significant as they do around a billion page views per month .
3 . WordPress themes -
The WordPress themes directory offers premium themes that cost anywhere between $ 50 and $ 100 .
These GPL compatible themes are developed by third - party WordPress developers and Automattic gets a commission per sale .
4 . Premium Accounts -
While anyone can host a blog on WordPress.com for free , they charge you a fixed fee if you want to buy additional storage space for your multimedia files or if you wish to use custom web domain instead of the default wordpress.com sub -domain .
These are premium features .
There are unconfirmed reports that WordPress may soon allow users to add AdSense in their free blogs for a subscription fee .
5 . Web Host Referrals - WordPress.org suggests of list of third - party web hosting companies where you may self - host your WordPress blog (s ) for a fee .
Now all these are referral links so Automattic gets a commission per sale .
In fact , this hosting referral system may be extremely profitable for Automattic because if you search for “ WordPress Hosting ” on Google ( a very competitive keyword phrase ) , the first sponsored link on the Google results page is paid by WordPress itself and it says - “ Top 5 WordPress Web Hosts - Chosen by the developers of the WordPress blogging software ” .
6 . WordPress Support -
If you need help with WordPress ( or WordPress MU ) but the free support forums are n’t solving the purpose , consider subscribing to the Support Network of Automattic .
The WordPress development team will help you solve problems related to your WordPress system and the response time can be as low as 6 hours .
This service is primarily for Enterprise users who are willing to shell out a $ 2.5 - 5 k per year for support .
7 . Poll Daddy -
I am not sure if Matt discussed this but Automattic also provides a paid version of Poll Daddy where you can have unlimited number of questions per survey and there ’s no Poll Daddy branding in your polls or surveys .
8 . Guided Transfers -
If you wish to move your blog from WordPress.com to WordPress.org , Automattic offers a service called Guided Transfers to help you with the transfer .
They charge a one - time $ 119 fee for the transfer .
9 . VaultPress – Should you wish to automatically backup your WordPress blog to the cloud , the VaultPress service from Automattic can help .
With packages starting at $ 15 per month , they will backup your WordPress blog in real - time and will also notify you of potential security issues .
10 . VideoPress – The VideoPress plugin for WordPress lets you host videos and audio files on your own website .
There are no limits on bandwidth or duration of videos , the videos are served without ads and it supports HD playback as well .
Starts at $ 60 per year .
11 . Automattic Kismet -
You do n’t often see spam in your blog posts because it all gets filtered by Automattic Kismet ( Akismet for short ) , the excellent spam protection plug - in available for WordPress .
Now Akismet spam catching technology is free for non-commercial personal blogs but if you maintain a corporate blog or run a network of blogs , you are required to buy a commercial license of Akismet that starts at around $ 50 per month .
Professional bloggers , or anyone who makes more than $ 500 per month in advertising revenue from a WordPress blog , is also required to pay $ 5 per month for the Akismet license .
What ’s next - WordPress is expected to release premium WordPress plugin that could be another source of revenue for Automattic .
Whitney : No to Nationalization
Banking stocks are all lower today as the outlook for the industry fails to brighten .
Meredith Whitney , CEO of the Meredith Whitney Advisory Group , has been on point with her outlook for financials and tells CNBC what 's next for the sector .
Worms have been living inside the human body since Homo sapiens have been around .
About half the world 's population ( over 3 billion people ) are in infected with at least one of the three worms forming what Columbia University parasitologist Dickson Despommier calls the " unholy trinity " — large roundworm , hookworm and whipworm .
Most of those afflicted live in developing countries , where there is not enough clean drinking water or effective sanitation systems to keep infected feces from contaminating food and water , and where human excrement is used to fertilize crops .
The most prolific parasitic worm in the U.S. and European Union : the pinworm , which is most common during childhood .
Despommier kindly lent ScientificAmerican.com images of the unholy trinity and their worm relatives , which also appear in his book Parasitic Diseases .
As you browse through these slides , please remember that all of these infections are treatable .
Slide Show : Worms 'N Us
Note ( 2/6/09 ) : Two of our readers , froynlaven and Nathaniel , pointed out that this slide show might need a warning .
So be advised , some of the images are graphic depictions of medical conditions .
But Yi Zhao from China eventually ripped the tap out himself because surgeons spent three hours trying to find a plumber to remove it .
The 57 year old said : “ I was tired of waiting and all they wanted to do was talk . ”
A CT scan revealed several fractures but no brain or nerve damage .
But in reality this is not the case .
Jaffa , Palestine : Street scene in the old city next to the Jaffa 's famous Clock tower , pre-1914 ( Matson Collection ) .
and anyone can come there and buy as much land as his heart desires .
Jaffa , Palestine : Palestinians gather at the Grand Serai ( local government offices ) in July 1908 , to celebrate the al - Hurriyah Revolution ( i.e. the Young Turks Revolution ) against Sultan Abdul Hamid and in favor of the restoration of the constitution and the holding of Parliamentary elections .
( via Walid Khalidi , Before Their Diaspora ) .
" We tend to believe abroad that Palestine is nowadays almost completely deserted ,
It is difficult to find anywhere in the country Arab land which lies fallow ;
Jaffa , Palestine : General view of Jaffa and its orange groves , facing south ; before 1914 .
( Matson Collection )
the only areas which are not cultivated are sand dunes or stony mountains ,
Jaffa , Palestine : Harvesting the oranges .
( Matson Collection )
which can be only planted with trees ,
Jaffa , Palestine : Sorting and packing citrus fruits , 1920's .
and even this only after much labor and capital would be invested
Jaffa , Palestine : Oranges being wrapped for sale .
( Matson Collection ) .
in clearance and preparation ...
Jaffa , Palestine : Boxed Jaffa oranges being loaded for export , early 1920's .
Jaffa oranges were Palestine 's leading export .
After 1948 , Jaffa 's nationalized orange groves and the established markets for their products provided the major source of income for the new state of Israel .
We tend to believe abroad that all Arabs are desert barbarians ,
Jaffa , Palestine : The staff of the Government Secondary Boys ' School ( al - Ameiryah High School ) in 1923 .
Seated center is Salim Katul , author of a series of textbooks in Arabic on the natural sciences .
an asinine people who does not see or understand what is going on around them .
Jaffa , Palestine : Elementary school pupils at the National Christian Orthodox School ( 1938 ) .
This is a cardinal mistake ...
Jaffa , Palestine : Carpentry class at the Government Secondary Boys ' School , 1924 .
The inscription over the door reads , " The least worthy of you are the least learned " .
[ When ] the day will come in which the life of our people in the Land of Israel
Jaffa , Palestine : The band of the National Christian Orthodox School ( 1938 )
will develop to such a degree that they will push aside the local population by little or by much ,
Jaffa , Palestine : Wolf Cubs and Boy Scouts with camping gear , at the Government Secondary Boys ' School , 1924 .
then it will not easily give up its place ...
Jaffa , Palestine : The Government Secondary Boys ' School first XI ( Soccer ) in 1923 .
One thing we certainly should have learned from our past and present history ,
Jaffa , Palestine : Palestinians demonstrate in Jaffa 's central square against the plans of the British government to increase Zionist immigration into Palestine , 27 October 1933 .
and that is not to create anger among the local population against us ...
Jaffa , Palestine : British Soldiers clubbing Palestinian dignitary Musa Kazim Pasha al - Husseini at the 27 October 1933 demonstration against British policy on Zionist immigration into Palestine .
Musa Kazim Pasha al - Husseini died six months later , 27 March 1934 , at the age of eighty - one , having never recovered from the effects of this beating .
( via Walid Khalidi , Before Their Diaspora ) .
We have to treat the local population with love and respect , justly and rightly .
Jaffa , Palestine : The beginning of the Arab Revolt of 1936 - 39 .
British riot police clash with Palestinian demonstrators protesting Britain 's pro-Zionist policies ( specifically increasing Zionist immigration into Palestine ) , Central Square , Jaffa , 12 June 1936 .
( via Walid Khalidi , Before Their Diaspora ) .
And what do our brethren in the Land of Israel do ?
Exactly the opposite !
Jaffa , Palestine : British soldiers search one of Jaffa 's residents during the Arab Revolt , 1936 .
[ T ] hey behave toward the Arabs with hostility and cruelty ,
The Punishment of Jaffa , Palestine : British soldiers cordon off Jaffa 's old city in preparation for the punitive demolition of Palestinian buildings in reprisal for the Arab Revolt against British policy in Palestine ; 1936 .
infringe upon their boundaries ,
The Punishment of Jaffa , Palestine : British soldiers carry out punitive demolitions in the old city , in reprisal for the Arab Revolt against British policy in Palestine ; 1936 .
hit them shamefully without reason , and even brag about it .
Jaffa , Palestine :
The ruins of the Grand Serai ( local govt offices , see the first photo in this post ) .
A truck loaded with explosives covered with oranges was parked outside the entrance on 4 January 1948 by members of the Zionist militant organization , Lohemai Herut Israel ( the Stern Gang ) .
The resulting explosion destroyed the building and killed 26 Palestinian civilians .
( via Walid Khalidi , Before Their Diaspora )
Jaffa was the most advanced city in Palestine , and had approximately 70,000 Palestinian inhabitants .
The U.N. assigned Jaffa to Arab Palestine in UNGAR 181 of 29 November 1947 .
But Jaffa was always going to be vulnerable to Zionist attack as it was an Arab enclave surrounded by Jewish Palestine , and abutted Tel Aviv , which contained the greatest concentration of Jewish population anywhere in Palestine .
In the last four months of British rule , contemporary British Palestine Police and British Army records report the following Zionist attacks on the citizens of Jaffa .
I have excluded from the list attacks against military targets :
1 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
1200 hours , Jaffa .
An explosion occurred in an Arab owned block of flats in Suq El Yehud , near Manshieh Police Station .
The flats were completely demolished and slight damage was caused to the police station .
Mohammed Ahmed Ismail , aged 20 of Manshieh Quarter , was slightly injured in the hand by glass splinters and was discharged after treatment .
An Arab has reported to police that earlier he had seen four Jews carrying a barrel - shaped object .
CO 537/3855
1 JANUARY 1948 During the afternoon of 1 January , a bunch of Irgun Z'vai Leumi thugs dressed in battledress and steel helmets drove at speed through Jaffa and fired at Arabs sitting outside a cafe .
They killed two and wounded nine others before crashing through an Arab road block and disappearing into Tel Aviv .
To emphasize the illusion that the British are responsible for all disorder in the country , they were wearing the flashes of the Royal Irish Fusiliers .
WO 275/64
1 JANUARY 1948 Small party of Jews entered block of flats 40 yards in rear Shell Petrol Station , Jaffa , and placed a bomb which demolished the block of flats .
So far , 1 Arab injured by flying debris .
WO 275/64
4 JANUARY 1948 At 12:25 p.m. two Jewish terrorists , one driving a truck loaded with time bombs and the other driving a jeep , both as usual in British uniforms , drove to the end of a lane between the Arab welfare and relief centre in Jaffa housing children and the Barclay 's Bank .
The truck was driven in the lane and left there , and the driver was picked up by the jeep driver who was waiting for him .
As they drove away , the whole town was rocked by a powerful explosion and many distant buildings were damaged by the concussion .
The welfare centre was demolished .
Seventeen Arabs were killed in this coldblooded murderous attack and 106 were wounded .
Among those killed and seriously wounded were women and children .
( United Nations Security Council Official Records , Supplements - 1948 ) .
4 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
1240 hours , Jaffa .
The Old Serrai in Clock Tower Square which houses the offices of the Arab National Committee , was completely destroyed by an explosion which killed 15 and injured 98 persons .
Buildings nearby including Barclay 's Bank , the Central Police Station and several shops and houses were also extensively damaged .
Full details of how the attack was carried out are not yet available , but it is believed the attackers arrived at the scene in two vehicles ?
a 3 - ton truck laden with orange boxes and a saloon car .
Proceeding up Bustros Street towards Clock Tower Square ?
the truck turned left into the narrow lane between Barclay 's Bank and the Old Serrai .
The saloon car was seen to park some 20 metres north of Central P.S. near the road leading to the port area .
The truck was parked at a point about 20 yards along the above mentioned lane .
Two persons , dressed as Arabs , were seen to alight from the truck and walk across the square .
They got into the waiting car which drove off in the direction of the Ajami Quarter .
Almost immediately following the departure of the car , the explosion occurred .
Tons of masonry from the Old Serrai building completely blocked the land running beside it , A fire subsequently broke out in Barclay 's Bank but was extinguished .
A strong - room situated in the upper storey of the bank was blown in and a considerable amount of money was salvaged and taken into police custody .
The entire area was wired off to facilitate salvage operations and to prevent looting .
It is reported from TeI Aviv that Irgun Z'vai Leumi have claimed responsibility for this outrage .
Tension has risen to a high pitch in Jaffa as a result of this attack , and a certain degree of anti-Government feeling has been expressed .
Details of the casualties are as follows :- Dead : 1 ) Mohammed Abdul Hallak ( aged 12 ) ; 2 ) Abudul Sattah Wahab Jaber ( 20 ) ; 3 ) Ali Kastika ; 4 ) Mohammed Said Abu Hassan ( 40 ) ; 5 ) Ahamad Derdanji ( 45 ) ; 6 ) Ahmad Hawari ; 7 ) Yusef Abu Sheikh ( 25 ) ; 8 ) Ahmad Faris Shehadi ( 25 ) ; 9 ) Sa'ad Abil Majid Zein ( 25 ) ; 10 ) 15 unidentified .
Injured : 1 ) Said Kheber Said ( 25 ) - serious ;
2 ) Abed Ahmad Duknak ( 10 ) - serious ; 3 ) Abed Mahmoud Shulayeh ( 17 ) - serious ; 4 ) Ashraf Tewfik Lufti ( 28 ) - serious ;
5 ) Naji Said Mughrabi - serious ; 6 ) Mohammed Ibrahim Mughrabi - serious ;
7 ) Taha Abu Rabah ( 35 ) - serious ;
8 ) Mohammed Hassan Ibrahim ( 20 ) - serious ; 9 ) Rasmiyeh Saba ( 22 ) - serious ; 10 ) Abed Mustafe Abu Wazni ( 30 ) - serious ; 11 ) Hishan Alami ( 35 ) - not serious ; 12 ) Ibrahim Mustafa Najar ( 25 ) - not serious .
All the above named are in the Dajani Hospital .
13 ) Huda Abu Labm ( 20 ) - not serious ; 14 ) Said Afif Atout ( 19 ) - not serious ; 15 ) Rafik Salami ( 27 ) - not serious ;
The above three are in the Government Hospital , 16 ) Ahmad Mahmoud Taher ( 30 ) - serious ; 17 ) Ahmad Ahmad Nel ( 25 ) - serious ; 18 ) Ali Hassan Ashoura ( 20 ) - not serious ; 19 ) Ahmad Ismail Abu Shabayeh ( 22 ) - not serious ; 20 ) Rais Hassan Abu Chouleh ( 70 ) - not serious .
The above - mentioned five are in the French Hospital .
Seventy - eight other persons were treated in hospitals for slight injuries but were not detained .
CO 537/3855
8 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
0245 hours , Jaffa .
Unknown persons placed a bomb against the house of Haj Abed El Jaber Lahloub , situated at the western side of Beit Dajan village .
The bomb exploded causing extensive damage to the house ?
but no casualties .
CO 537/3855
9 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
0730 hours , Jaffa .
Near Jaffa Railway Station ; two ' buses conveying Arab railway employees to Lydda were fired upon from automatic weapons from Jewish houses overlooking their station .
Hassan Hilu of Jaffa sustained a slight bullet wound in the leg , and two other Arabs were slightly injured by glass splinters .
CO 537/3855
10/11 JANUARY 1948 Gaza , 2130 hours .
Shots are reported to have been fired from a passing vehicle into an orange grove on Sawafir Sharki lands near the main GadJaffa road .
At 0800 hours on 11 January , 1948 , the body of a labourer , Abdul Khader Mohammed En Nasri of Jaffa , was found in the grove .
He has sustained bullet wounds .
CO 537/3855
14 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
0730 hours , Jaffa .
Abdul Fattah Hassan Khalil , an employee of the Palestine Railways , was shot and injured in the foot while walking in Jaffa Railway Station .
The bullet came from the direction of a house occupied by Jews and situated north of the station .
He was removed to the Government Hospital , Jaffa .
His condition is not serious .
CO 537/3855
14 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
1000 hours , Jaffa .
Two unidentified Arabs were shot and killed by unknown persons in Arlin Street , Manshieh Quarter .
CO 537/3855
20 JANUARY 1948 1430 hours , Jaffa .
On the Manshieh beach , Abed Mohammed Jerieh ( 25 ) and Khader Mohammed El Jaber ( 201 , both of Manshieh , were hit by bullets fired from the direction of Tel Aviv .
The first named was removed to the Government Hospital , Jaffa , but was found to be dead on arrival .
Jaber was admitted to the Dajani Hospital in serious condition .
CO 537/3855
20 JANUARY 1948 1430 hours , Jaffa .
On the Manshieh beach , Abed Mohammed Jerieh ( 25 ) and Khader Mohammed El Jaber ( 201 , both of Manshieh , were hit by bullets fired from the direction of Tel Aviv .
The first named was removed to the Government Hospital , Jaffa , but was found to be dead on arrival .
Jaber was admitted to the Dajani Hospital in serious condition .
CO 537/3855
20 JANUARY 1948 1630 hours , Jaffa .
In Salameh Road , a woman , Sisteh Nesrameh ( 33 , of Jaffa , was hit in the arm by a bullet fired from the direction of Tel Aviv .
She was admitted to the Government Hospital , Jaffa .
Her condition is not serious .
CO 537/3855
21 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
0001 hours , Jaffa .
A party of Jews opened fire on the Municipal Slaughter House on the Jaffa / Jerusalem road , causing no known casualties or damage .
A quantity of first aid kit and bottles containing what is believed to be an incendiary liquid were left behind by the attackers .
CO 537/3855
21 JANUARY 1948 0900 hours , Jaffa .
Following a report that armed Jews , who had arrived in a truck , had been seen digging holes north of Jaffa Railway Station , police found four gun emplacements and an unexploded mortar bomb .
CO 537/3855
21 JANUARY 1948 1100 hours , Jaffa .
Ten Arab houses in Arlin Street were blown up by Jews , the explosions being followed by heavy firing .
No casualties have been reported .
CO 537/3855
21 JANUARY 1948 Jewish terrorists were seen trying to enter certain Arab houses in the border area of Jaffa - Tel Aviv .
22 JANUARY 1948 1100 hours , Bassa Lands , Jaffa .
The following persons were shot on BassaLands by Jewish snipers , believed to have been positioned in the vicinity of the Spirit Factory in Abu Kebir on the JaffaIJerusalem road : Dead - Sulieman Hassan Nattar ( 25 ) , of Trans - Jordan .
Seriously injured - 1 ) Abdul Khadar Nattar ( 28 ) , of Trans - Jordan ; 2 ) Harned Naher Saleh Tadder ( 25 ) , of Trans - Jordan ; 3 ) Mohammed Hajeh Hijaz , of Bassa ; 4 ) Mohammed Zafer Hijazi , of Bassa .
CO 537/3855
22 JANUARY 1948 1800 hours , Jaffa .
The body of Abdul Natif Omar ( 25 ) , of Nablus , was admitted to the Government Hospital , Jaffa .
He had been shot dead by Jewish snipers near the Spirit Factory in the Abu Kebir area .
CO 537/3855
23 JANUARY 1948 1345 hours , Jaffa .
At Salama village , Sheikh Ibrahim Moghrabi , aged 21 , of Salama , sustained severe bullet wounds in the back when fired upon by Jewish snipers .
CO 537/3855
23 JANUARY 1948 1511 hours , Jaffa .
Arab traffic was fired upon from one of the Miqveh Israel Colony orange groves , and the fire was returned by the crew of an armoured car .
No casualties have been reported .
CO 537/3855
25 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
1145 hours , Jaffa .
Two Arab houses in Arlin Street , Manshieh Quarter , were blown up by Jews and completely destroyed .
No casualties have been reported .
CO 537/3856
25 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
1300 hours , Jaffa .
The body of Mohammed Khalil Khalaf , aged 20 of Manshieh Quarter , who is stated to have been killed by a bomb thrown from the Manshieh Quarter during the morning , was admitted to the Government Hospital , Jaffa .
CO 537/3856
25 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
1700 hours , Jaffa .
The following casualties were caused when a bomb exploded in an Arab house in Jabaliya Quarter : Dead - Shafic El Asfar ( 25 ) ; Sami El Asfar ( 30 ) .
CO 537/3856
27 JANUARY 1948 Lydda .
1745 hours , Jaffa .
In Manshieh Quarter , Mohammed Khalil Omar , aged 20 of Qalqiliya , was seriously wounded in the stomach by a bullet fired by a Jewish sniper from the direction of Tel Aviv .
CO 537/3856
1 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1645 hours , Jaffa .
Hula1 Salim ( 451 , of Jaffa , was admitted to the Government Hospital with a bullet wound in his side .
His condition is serious .
He was shot from the direction of Tel Aviv while walking on Bassa Lands .
CO 537/3856
1 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1700 hours , Jaffa .
Ismail Salmi Hussein ( 43 , of Jaffa , was shot on Bassa Lands by a bullet from the direction of Tel Aviv .
He was removed to the Government Hospital , where his condition is not serious .
2 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
Approximately 1645 hours , Jaffa .
Unknown persons blew up the houses of Mohammed Natour and Ali Sambo , the bakeries of Abu Sbuhi El Asfour and Subhi El Asfour and an Arab Girls ' School , all situated in Hassan Bey Street .
Damage is roughly estimated at LP , 70,000 .
CO 537/3856
4 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
0730 hours , Jaffa .
Whilst walking near an Arab road block on the Jerusalem road on the outskirt of Jaffa , Ibrahim Hanna Bamdah , aged 20 of Jaffa , and a thirty - yearold Arab woman from Jaffa named Hameeni were shot and killed by unknown persons .
CO 537/3856
8 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda. 1450 hours .
In the Manshieh Quarter , Naif Yusef Saleh Ed Din of Syria , who was living in Jaffa , was shot and slightly wounded by snipers .
He was removed to the Government Hospital where his condition is reported to be not serious .
CO 537/3856
10 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
The house of Mohammed Salim Kalha in the Manshieh Quarter of Jaffa was burnt and completely destroyed by Jews .
The damage is estimated at LP.8,000 .
CO 537/3856
11 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
2200 hours , Jaffa .
In Ajami Road , Jaffa , Yousef Salah Ed Din ( 30 ) of Beit Rima , Ramallah Sub -District , was shot in the head and killed by unknown persons .
CO 537/3856
12 FEBRUARY 1948 Cemeteries of all the Christian communities in Jaffa are grouped in one locality , each having its own guard .
Zionist terrorists from the neighbouring Jewish settlement of Bath Yom opened fire and hurled hand grenades on the Christian cemeteries .
Five Christian Arabs were killed , including three girls aged five , eight and eleven .
United Nations Security Council Official Records , Supplements - 1948 .
12/13 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
Night , 12/13 February , 1948 , Jaffa .
It is reported that the house of Eid Hasim Esh Shatra in Jebaliya Quarter was destroyed by Jews .
The damage is estimated at LP .
7,200 .
CO 537/3856
13 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1030 hours , Jaffa .
A party of Jews directed fire from three mortars at the Jaffa Railway Station Goods Yard .
The bombs exploded causing no damage or casualties .
The attack was accompanied by small arms fire for approximately five minutes .
CO 537/3856
13 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1300 hours , Jaffa .
The following persons were !
injured when a mortar bomb struck their house in Jabaliya Quarter : Seriously Injured - Fattah Sawan ( 20 ) .
Slightly injured - Othman Sawan ( 12 ) ; Ina'am bint Mahmoud Sawan ; Mafeedem bint Mahmoud Sawan ( 10 ) .
All were removed to the Government Hospital , Jaffa .
CO 537/3856
15 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1230 hours , Jaffa .
Three of four mortar bombs , believed to have been fired from Tel Aviv , exploded in the area of Jaffa Railway Station .
There were no casualties .
Municipal Police replied with rifle fire with no known results .
CO 537/3856
16 FEBRUARY , 1948 Lydda .
1500 hours , Jaffa .
In the Jabaliya Quarter , Ihsan Said Masri ( 35 ) of Jaffa was shot dead by a Jewish sniper from Holon .
CO 537/3856
17 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda. 0030 to 0600 hours , Jaffa / T.A. border area .
Numerous explosions and automatic fire were heard from the Abu KebirJSalameh Road and Tel Er Rish areas .
No casualties were reported .
Jews were alleged to be firing from the Hatiqva Quarter to Holon under cover of this fire .
CO 537/3856
20 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda. 21 30 hours , Jaffa .
Abdul Mahdi El Azzar ( 23 ) of Jebeliya Quarter was shot and killed by Jewish snipers .
CO 537/3856
22 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1130 hours , Jaffa .
In Manshieh Quarter , Ali Abu Adwan ( 35 ) of Manshieh Quarter was shot in the head by a Jewish sniper firing from Tel Aviv .
He died in the French Hospital at 1430 hours .
CO 537/3856
22 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1200 hours , Jaffa .
At Tel Er Rish , Kassim Mohammed Saleh ( 20 ) of Tel Er Rish was shot by a Jewish sniper and died from his wounds upon admission to the French Hospital .
CO 537/3856
22 FEBRUARY 1948 1230 hours , Arab bus fired on between Jaffa and Ramle .
2 Arabs wounded .
WO 261/573
22 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1500 hours , Jaffa .
Mohammed Othman Khalil Boutanji ( 22 ) of Dura village was shot and slightly wounded by unknown persons on Bassa lands .
He was removed to the Dajani Hospital .
CO 537/3856
22 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1600 hours , Jaffa .
In Manshieh Quarter , Amneh bint Sulieman El Ashi ( 12 ) of Manshieh Quarter was shot in the abdomen and seriously wounded by unknown persons .
She succumbed to her injuries at 2130 hours in the Dajani Hospital .
CO 537/3856
23 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
0930 hours , Jaffa .
In the Jabaliya Quarter , Hassan Hussein Saleh ( 3 1 ) of Jabaliya was wounded in the right hand by a bullet from the direction of Bat Yam brewery .
He was slightly injured and discharged after treatment at the Govemment Hospital , Jaffa .
CO 537/3856
23 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
1515 hours , Jaffa .
In Jaffa Port , Abed Abdullah Halabi ( 30 ) of Jaffa was shot and slightly wounded in the leg by unknown persons .
He was removed to the Government Hospital .
His condition is not serious .
CO 537/3856
25 FEBRUARY 1948 Lydda .
2200 hours , Jaffa .
The body of Samis Khorub ( 27 ) of Jabaliya Quarter was admitted to the Government Hospital .
He had been killed when a mortar bomb exploded in the Jabaliya Quarter .
Two other Arabs were at the same time admitted to the hospital , suffering from shock caused by the same explosion .
CO 537/3856
1 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
Morning , Jaffa .
In Tel Er Rish , Ahmed Mustafa Ahmed ( 27 ) of Tel Er Rish was shot and killed by unknown persons .
His body was taken to the French Hospital , Jaffa .
CO 537/3856
2 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
0940 hours , Jaffa .
Jewish snipers positioned in a house between the Migdem Chocolate Factory and a distillery on the Assem Bey Road commenced firing into the area between the Jaffa / Jerusalem road and the Abu Kebir track .
An Arab woman , Aisha Hassan Sadem ( 45 ) of Jaffa , was seriously wounded .
She was removed to the Government Hospital .
A military armoured car in the vicinity was fired on .
A police armoured car returned the fire with no known result .
CO 537/3856
2 MARCH 1948 Lydda , Jaffa .
Ahmed Taher of Manshiya Quarter , complains that during recent disturbances , his house and shop in Carmel Street were blown up and completely destroyed .
The value of the property is estimated at LP .
5,500 .
CO 537/3856
4 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
0200 until 0230 hours , Jaffa .
Several explosions and heavy firing were heard from the Bassa lands area .
It was subsequently revealed that an Arab owned textile factory on Salameh Road was blown up and completely destroyed .
There were no known casualties .
CO 537/3856
5 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1645 hours , Jaffa .
A police armoured car patrolling the Abu Kebir area reported that a low - flying monoplane opened fire with automatic weapons into Abu Kebir .
Arab witnesses state that this machine also dropped two grenades in the vicinity of the Iron Foundry on the JaffaIJerusalem road .
Mohammed Ibrahim Berbasi was admitted to the Dajani Hospital with a bullet wound in the thigh which he stated was caused by fire from a low - flying plane over Tel Arish .
A later account described the ' plane as being light grey or white with R.A.F. markings on both wings , and the letters ' VOL ' and some figures on the fuselage .
CO 537/3856
8 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
0700 hours , Jaffa .
Ahmed Arhan Abu Fammad ( 32 ) of Tell Er Rish , who was admitted to the French Hospital at 0500 hours , suffering from wounds received from an exploding mortar bomb in the Tell Er Rish quarter , succumbed to his injuries .
The bomb is said to have been fired from the direction of Holon .
CO 537/3856
8 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
0930 hours , Jaffa .
Mohammed Abdullah Yanani ( 30 ) of Jaffa , was shot and fatally injured in Arlin Street , Manshieh , by a Jewish sniper .
The body was removed to the Dajani Hospital .
CO 537/3856
8 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
Approximately 2200 hours , Jaffa .
Hassan Khalil Sarkoury ( 26 ) of Jebeliya Quarter was injured in the right shoulder when a bomb was thrown by Jews on the Bat Yam / Jebeliya border .
He was removed to the Government Hospital , Jaffa .
His condition is not serious .
CO 537/3856
9 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
0930 hours , Jaffa .
In the Jabaliyeh Quarter , Shafiq Ahmed ( 22 ) was wounded in the head by splinters believed to have been caused by a mortar bomb .
He was removed to Government Hospital , condition not serious .
CO 537/3856
10 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1510 hours , Jaffa .
Arabs employed at the iron foundry situated on the JaffaIJerusalem road near Holon were fired upon by Jews from the direction of Miqve Israel colony .
The Arabs returned the fire , which ceased when police armoured cars appeared on the scene .
There were no casualties .
CO 537/3856
13/14 MARCH 1948 Jerusalem .
Night , Jaffa .
On Bassa lands , the ice factory of Hassan Tewfic Abu Ghazaleh , of Jaffa , was attacked by Jews , with mortars and small arms fire .
The factory watchman , Ibrahim Getani ( 22 ) of Jaffa , was slightly injured and removed to the Dejani Hospital .
The building was partly demolished , damage being estimated at approximately LP .
6,000 .
CO 537/3856
14 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
0130 hours , Jaffa .
In the Abu Kebir Quarter , Ali Hassan el Weish ( 23 ) of that quarter was killed by snipers .
His body was removed to the Government Hospital , Jaffa .
CO 537/3856
16 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1530 hours , Jaffa .
In Tel er Rish Yousef Ali Abdul Khalil ( 26 ) , of Mi'ilya village , was shot and fatally wounded by snipers from the Holon area .
His body was removed to the Government Hospital , Jaffa .
CO 537/3856
18 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1430 hours , Jaffa .
On Bassa lands , Ahmed Hussein Tustani ( 35 ) , of Hebron , was shot and fatally wounded by a sniper from the direction of Tel Aviv .
The body was removed to the Dajani Hospital .
CO 537/3856
18 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1500 hours , Jaffa .
The body of Said Butros ( 25 ) of Tel er Rish was admitted to the French Hospital in Jaffa .
He had been killed by snipers ' bullets in Tel er Rish .
CO 537/3856
18 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1630 hours , Jaffa .
Jews blew up eight unoccupied Arab houses in Arlin Street , Manshieh Quarter .
They also fired at the Manshieh Police Station and at a police armoured car which approached the scene .
The fire was returned by the police , but there were no known casualties .
CO 537/3856
19 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1030 hours , Tel Aviv. A Jewish snipers ' position in Abu Kebir Quarter directed moderate automatic fire into Salama Road , Jaffa .
A police arrnoured car proceeded to the scene at approximately 1 100 hours , and the area then became quiet .
No casualties have been reported .
CO 537/3856
22/23 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
Between 2350 hours 22 March , 1948 , and 0145 hours 23 March , 1948 , Jaffa .
Jebeliya Quarter was attacked by Jews .
During the course of the attack , eleven houses and a small mosque were demolished , believed by mortars .
The following casualties were admitted to the Government Hospital from the quarter on the morning of 23 March , 1948 : Seriously Injured - Dahiel Eissa Ed Dibis ( 45 ) ; Mohammed Marouf El Kaban ( 35 ) ; Abdul Fattah Samara ( 27 ) .
CO 537/3857
23 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1130 hours , Jaffa .
Jewish snipers near Bassa lands commenced firing into King George Avenue , Jaffa .
Two Arabs were killed , Ali Darwish Wazieh ( 12 ) of Jaffa and Hassan Muharram ( 30 ) of Jaffa .
At approximately 1230 hours , the Jewish snipers post was silenced by military using two pounders .
CO 537/3857
24 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
0230 hours , Jaffa .
Several heavy mortar bombs fired from the direction of Tel Aviv in the area of the Hassan Bey Mosque .
Some damage was caused to the surrounding wall of the Mosque and to a nearby house .
No casualties have been reported .
CO 537/3857
24 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1500 hours , Jaffa .
Ahmed Sabri el Rehawi ( 20 ) of Syria , was slightly wounded in the leg by a bullet fired by unknown persons near the Bat Yam Mental Home .
He was admitted to the Government Hospital .
CO 537/3857
24 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1935 hours , Jaffa .
Jews from Abu Kebir opened fire with mortars on the flour mill in Salama Road .
Arabs replied and firing was still continuing at 2000 hours .
No further details are yet available .
CO 537/3857
25 MARCH 1948 Lydda .
1600 hours , Jaffa .
Ali Morffi el Rahidi ( 35 ) of Egypt was admitted to the Government Hospital suffering from a bullet wound in the back which he sustained when a Jewish armoured car fired at him in Zarmuqa village .
His condition is serious .
CO 537/3857
25 MARCH 1948 Lydda , Jaffa .
The house of Farid Jaber in Karton Quarter was destroyed by fire in unknown circumstances .
The damage caused is estimated at L.P. 5,000 .
On the same day at Jaber 's orange grove , situated in Salameh village , damage estimated at L.P. 13,000 is stated to have been caused by Jews using explosive charges .
CO 537/3857
1 APRIL 1948 Lydda .
0955 hours , Jaffa .
A mortar bomb , believed to have been fired from Bat Yam , exploded on the house of Assad El Dejani , near Ajami P.S. Slight damage was sustained by the building , but no casualties were caused .
CO 537/3857
1 APRIL 1948 Lydda , Jaffa .
Salim Rajab Sha'aban El Moghrabi reports that his house on the Bat YamlJebeliya border was demolished by Jewish mortar fire .
CO 537/3857
2 APRIL 1948 Lydda .
1700 hours , Jaffa .
Ali Abu Hajas ( 30 ) , of Manshieh Quarter , was shot and seriously wounded by Jewish snipers in Arlin Street .
He was removed to the Dajani Hospital .
CO 537/3857
3 APRIL 1948 Lydda .
0700 hours , Jaffa .
Mohammed Ahmed Eissa ( 291 , of Egypt , was shot and slightly injured by Jewish snipers in the Karm Et Tut area .
He was removed to the Government Hospital , Jaffa .
CO 537/3857
3 APRIL 1948 Lydda .
1100 hours , Jaffa .
Four mortar bombs , believed to have been fired from Tel Aviv area , and one mine exploded in the Suq El Yehud causing damage to unoccupied property .
The exploding of the mine is believed to have been detonated by one of the bombs .
No casualties have been reported .
CO 537/3857
3 APRIL 1948 Lydda .
Night , Jaffa .
An Arab house , situated in the Jebaliyeh Quarter of Jaffa , was blown up and extensively damaged by Jews and an occupant , Fathmi Shlean ( 68 ) , was killed .
CO 537/3857
3 APRIL 1948 Lydda , Jaffa .
Mohammed Ahmed Eissa , of Kami Et Tut , was shot and seriously injured , by unknown persons , whilst in his village .
He was removed to the Government Hospital , Jaffa , where he died shortly after admission .
CO 537/3857
6 APRIL 1948 Lydda .
1630 hours , Jaffa .
Jews opened fire on swimmers near the Jaffa Club .
The following casualties were caused : Dead - Subhi Ibn Adib Jabour ( 27 ) , of Jaffa .
Serious - Mohammed Ibn Akawi ( 12 ) , of Jaffa .
Slight - Mohammed Mahmoud Kana'an ( 20 ) , of Jaffa . CO 537/3857
8 APRIL 1948 Lydda. 0 100 hours , Jaffa .
Jews opened mortar fire on the Manshieh Quarter and bombs fell near the Manshieh Police Station and in the Jaffa railway yard .
A municipal policeman , No. 1 13 , Abdullah Eissa Salim ( 26 ) , of Jaffa , was slightly injured by splinters whilst on duty in the Suq el Yehud .
A house in the railway yard was destroyed , and Hassan Abu Shimes ( 35 ) , of Manshieh , was seriously injured .
Three mortar bombs exploded in the vicinity of the C.S. Jaffa , and the following two Arabs were injured : Deeb Ahmed Hamed ( 60 ) , of Jaffa - serious ; Yousef Abu Jabrin Bader ( 25 ) , of Jaffa - not serious .
CO 537/3857
10 APRIL 1948 Lydda .
1445 hours , Jaffa .
Ahmed Abu Kalim ( 23 ) , of Manshieh Quarter , was shot and seriously wounded by Jewish snipers whilst in Qaswan Street .
He was removed to the Dajani Hospital .
CO 537/3857
10 APRIL 1948 Lydda .
1730 hours , Jaffa .
Moussa Madon ( 23 ) , of Ajami Quarter , was shot and killed and Lutfi Ghawi ( 25 ) , also of Ajami , was slightly wounded while they were walking in El Lisaf Street .
Both were hit by shots fired from the direction of the Railway Station and were removed to the French Hospital .
CO 537/3857
10 APRIL 1948 Lydda .
1810 hours , Jaffa .
Mohammed Abdul Rahman Jainaf ( 55 ) , of Jaffa , was shot and slightly injuredin Manshieh Quarter by a Jewish sniper .
He was removed to the French Hospital , Jaffa .
CO 537/3857
14 APRIL 1948 0230 hours to 0600 hours , 14 April , Jews mortared Jaffa , particularly Manshiya Quarter .
No known casualty .
WO 275/66
25 APRIL 1948 Irgun Z'vai Leumi attack Jaffa .
Army intervenes and fighting stops .
Approximately fifty Arab casualties .
Jews blow two gaps in the bridge at Jisr al Majami .
Army reoccupies Sheikh Jarrah , meeting initial resistance from Hagana , but later a truce is negotiated and both sides ordered cease fire .
Two Jews killed and two wounded .
Four British Soldiers slightly wounded .
Jews attack At Tireh , south of Haifa .
WO 261/574
26 APRIL 1948 1030 hours , 26 April , 2 R IR F road block at Jaffa congested by Arab lorries and buses carrying refugees .
Congestion cleared and traffic passing road block estimated at rate of 20 vehicles per hour .
Refugees fired on by Jewish sniper as they moved off .
No casualty .
WO 275/66
26 APRIL 1948
At 1135 hours , 26th April , there was heavy mortaring of Manshieh Quarter , Jaffa , and Manshieh Police Station was attacked by Jews with arrnoured cars , grenades and small arms .
No casualties yet reported .
CO 733/477
26 APRIL 1948 Tel Aviv-Jaffa .
Jews attacked Arab quarter Jaffa with mortars and automatics and penetrated as far as the railway station .
The Mayor of Tel Aviv was told that unless attack was stopped , military would employ force .
This had the desired effect , and the situation is now quiet .
Fifty Arab civilians are believed killed .
CO 537/3875
Our brethren are right when they say that the Arab honours only those who show valour and fortitude ;
On 24 April 1948 , the Irgun militant Zionist organization opened an attack on the Manshiyeh residential quarter of Jaffa , a narrow Palestinian suburb located beside the sea and largely surrounded by Tel Aviv .
For four days and nights , under the direction of Menachem Begin , the Irgun indiscriminately shelled the quarter with mortars .
Hansard , the official record of proceedings in the U.K.
Parliament , reported :
" On the 5th of May , 1948 , the question of the attack by the Irgun Z'vai Leumi on Jaffa was raised .
The Secretary of State for the Colonies was asked whether he had any statement to make on the present situation in Jaffa .
Mr. Rees-Williams , the Under - Secretary of State for the Colonies answered as follows :
In the early hours of 28th [ sic ]
April a heavy attack on the Arab town of Jaffa was made by the Irgun Zvai Leumi , the method adopted being an indiscriminate mortar bombardment , apparently designed to create panic among the civilian inhabitants .
British forces intervened , supported by aircraft , and in the course of the afternoon the Jews retired to their original positions .
By nightfall the border was quiet except for occasional sniping .
A cease - fire was ordered for both sides by the military commander and was observed .
British troops then occupied a line between Arabs and Jews on the Tel - Aviv- Jaffa border .
On the evening of 30th April , the cease - fire order was broken by fire from the Jewish side , which was quickly silenced by military action .
Latest reports indicate that the town is now quiet .
As a rough estimate , some 30,000 Arabs left Jaffa and more are leaving .
The Arab mayor is still in Jaffa and municipal services are functioning , although with difficulty ... " .
( Hansard , House of Commons Debates , May 5 , 1948 , p. 1238 ) .
The day after the Irgun offensive began , Haganah troops launched Operation Chametz against Jaffa , to isolate and conquer the city .
Jaffa , Palestine : Irgunists moving through holes blasted in Palestinian houses .
( via Walid Khalidi , Before Their Diaspora )
but this is the case only when he feels that the other side has justice on his side .
Jaffa , Palestine :
The ruins of the Manshiyeh quarter , after indiscriminate bombardment by the Irgun .
It is very different in a case when [ the Arab ] thinks that his opponent 's actions are iniquitous and unlawful ;
Jaffa , Palestine : Palestinian residents salvage whatever possessions they can carry as they flee the city .
( via Walid Khalidi , Before Their Diaspora )
weeks earlier , the Irgun had attacked the Palestinian village of Deir Yassin .
The civilian population of Jaffa was well aware of what had happened to the inhabitants of By the end of April , the combined Haganah - Irgun offensive had completely encircled Jaffa .
Three Deir Yassin when the Irgun overran their village , and fear that the same would happen at the fall of Jaffa was influential on the decision of many residents to flee :
" We all heard about the massacre .
I remember that I read extensive coverage of the horrors in our press , which republished a story from the New York Times .
Besides this terrifying news , the Arabs in Jaffa feared they would not be able to defend their honour if they were attacked by the Jews .
They were afraid that their women would be subject to the humiliation of Deir Yassin .
I was young , but I sensed just how much this worried the people in Jaffa .
Having four sisters was enough reason for us to leave , as the Jews considered everything and everyone in the villages they invaded as theirs " .
in that case he may keep his anger to himself for a long time ,
Jaffa , Palestine : Palestinians driven into the sea at Jaffa Harbor , late April 1948 .
With the land routes cut off by the Haganah , tens of thousands of the citizens of Jaffa and neighboring villages fled by boat : south to Gaza and Egypt , and north to Lebanon .
( via Walid Khalidi , Before Their Diaspora )
but it will dwell in his heart
Jaffa Harbor , Palestine : Palestinian refugees flee Jaffa by boat for Gaza , Apr - May 1948 .
By the time Jaffa finally fell on 13 May 1948 , fewer than 4,000 of its 70,000 residents remained .
and in the long run he will prove himself to be vengeful and full of retribution .
Jaffa , Israel : Jewish refugees from Europe are resettled in ethnically - cleansed Jaffa , 1949 .
Sources :
1 . The text , " We tend to believe abroad ... " , is from the work of the Zionist writer Ahad Ha'Am , ( Truth from the Land of Israel , 1891 ) .
Reproduced in Complete Works of Ahad Ha'am , ( Tel Aviv , 1946 ) , pp. 24-29 . ( h/t Angry Arab )
2 . Unless otherwise noted , the photos are from Palestine Remembered , and should not be reused without attribution to that site .
3. Details of attacks on Jaffa , Jan to Apr 1948 , are taken from the Encyclopedia of the Palestine Problem ; available on - line here .
The alphanumeric reference number at the end of each report refers to the file number under which the original source material is archived at the U.K. National Archives ( formerly the Public Records Office ) in Kew , London :
In the first real - world test of a revolutionary type of computing that thrives on random errors , scientists have created a microchip that uses 30 times less electricity while running seven times faster than today ’s best technology .
The U.S. - Singapore team developing the technology , dubbed PCMOS [ pronounced “ pee-cee - moss ” ] , revealed the results here today at the International Solid - State Circuits Conference ( ISSCC ) , the world ’s premier forum for engineers working at the cutting edge of integrated - circuit design .
Conceived by Rice University Professor Krishna Palem , PCMOS piggybacks on the “ complementary metal - oxide semiconductor ” technology , or CMOS , that chipmakers already use .
That means chipmakers wo n’t have to buy new equipment to support PCMOS , or “ probabilistic ” CMOS .
Although PCMOS runs on standard silicon , it breaks with computing ’s past by abandoning the set of mathematical rules — called Boolean logic — that have thus far been used in all digital computers .
PCMOS instead uses probabilistic logic , a new form of logic developed by Palem and his doctoral student , Lakshmi Chakrapani .
“ A significant achievement here is the validation of Rice ’s probabilistic analogue to Boolean logic using PCMOS , ” said Shekhar Borkar , an Intel Fellow and director of Intel ’s Microprocessor Technology Lab .
“ Coupled with the significant energy and speed advantages that PCMOS offers , this logic will prove extremely important because basic physics dictates that future transistor - based logic will need probabilistic methods . ”
Silicon transistors become increasingly ‘ noisy ’ as they get smaller , but engineers have historically dealt with this by boosting the operating voltage to overpower the noise and ensure accurate calculations .
Chips with more and smaller transistors are consequently more power - hungry .
“ PCMOS is fundamentally different , ” Palem said .
“ We lower the voltage dramatically and deal with the resulting computational errors by embracing the errors and uncertainties through probabilistic logic . ”
PCMOS was jointly validated by Rice and Nanyang Technological University ( NTU ) in Singapore via a joint institute that Palem founded in 2007 , the Institute for Sustainable Nanoelectronics ( ISNE ) .
Directed by Palem , ISNE is based at NTU , where the first prototype PCMOS chips were manufactured last year in collaboration with Professor Yeo Kiat Seng and his team .
The prototypes were application - specific integrated circuits , or ASICs , that were designed solely for encryption .
Unlike the general - purpose microprocessors that power PCs and laptops , ASICs are designed for a specific purpose , and they are “ embedded ” by the millions each year in a growing constellation of products like automobiles , cell phones , MRI scanners and electronic toys .
The Rice - NTU team plans to follow its proof - of - concept work on encryption with proof - of - concept tests on microchips for cell phones , graphics cards and medical implants .
Palem said PCMOS is ideally suited for encryption , a process that relies on generating random numbers .
It ’s equally well - suited for graphics , but for different reasons .
In a streaming video application on a cell phone , for example , it is unnecessary to conduct precise calculations .
The small screen , combined with the human brain ’s ability to process less - than - perfect pictures , results in a case where the picture looks just as good with a calculation that ’s only approximately correct .
“ The key is to consider the value that the computed information has for the user , ” said Palem , who directs Rice ’s Value of Information - based Sustainable Embedded Nanocomputing Center , or VISEN .
“ Our goal is green computing .
We ’re looking for applications where PCMOS can deliver as well as or better than existing technology but with a fraction of the energy . ”
If PCMOS can slash energy use for embedded ASICs in key devices , the implications are enormous .
For consumers , it could mean the difference between charging a cell phone every few weeks instead of every few days .
Globally , that would help reduce the information technology industry ’s carbon footprint .
“ Based on our findings , we view PCMOS as a path to help IT become more ‘ green ’ even as it keeps pace with Moore ’s Law , ” said Palem , the Ken and Audrey Kennedy Professor of Computing , professor of computer science , professor of electrical and computer engineering , and professor of statistics .
Palem said he hopes PCMOS technology will enter the embedded computing market in as little as four years .
Palem ’s PCMOS research was funded by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and Intel Corp .
About The Author Andrew Lindstrom is a freelance web designer , blogger and inspiration junkie .
Say hi to him on Twitter or read his ramblings on his design inspiration blog at … More about Andrew Lindstrom …
20 Brilliant TV Show Title Sequences
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
the title sequence .
Long gone are the days of cheesy video montages involving “ memorable ” moments from seasons past , coupled with tacky music you ca n’t get out of your head … yes I ’m looking at you , Golden Girls .
Today , the credit sequences on television are so visually pleasing that even though we possess the technology to skip past them , we do n’t .
They ’re that captivating .
It is in recognition of these amazing television title sequences that we ’ve compiled our favorite 20 Brilliant TV Show Title Sequences .
You may want to take a look at the following related articles : * 30 Unforgettable Movie Opening Sequences * 60 Beautiful Music Videos * 29 Brilliant Music Videos
Since the advent ( and in turn , massive success ) of “ TV on DVD ” , television programming has really upped the ante in production value .
Now - a - days it seems every show is presented in glorious high definition with big name actors and well - structured story telling .
But there is another significant improvement in television over the last few years that could use some recognition : .
Long gone are the days of cheesy video montages involving “ memorable ” moments from seasons past , coupled with tacky music you ca n’t get out of your head … yes I ’m looking at you , Golden Girls .
Today , the credit sequences on television are so visually pleasing that even though we possess the technology to skip past them , we do n’t .
They ’re that captivating .
It is in recognition of these amazing television title sequences that we ’ve compiled our favorite .
You may want to take a look at the following related articles : * 50 Incredible Stop-Motion Videos
Since the advent ( and in turn , massive success ) of “ TV on DVD ” , television programming has really upped the ante in production value .
Now - a - days it seems every show is presented in glorious high definition with big name actors and well - structured story telling .
But there is another significant improvement in television over the last few years that could use some recognition : the title sequence .
Long gone are the days of cheesy video montages involving “ memorable ” moments from seasons past , coupled with tacky music you ca n’t get out of your head … yes I ’m looking at you , Golden Girls .
Today , the credit sequences on television are so visually pleasing that even though we possess the technology to skip past them , we do n’t .
They ’re that captivating .
It is in recognition of these amazing television title sequences that we ’ve compiled our favorite 20 Brilliant TV Show Title Sequences .
You may want to take a look at the following related articles :
20 Brilliant TV Show Title Sequences
Mad Men
This is probably my favorite title sequence on television at the moment .
Every time I watch it , it leaves me wanting more .
It was also hilariously parodied on the Simpsons .
The United States of Tara
A new show with a beautifully animated title sequence .
The pop -up book effect is really well done .
The IT Crowd
Such a fantastic title sequence !
The 8 - bit style animation no doubt speaks to the shows demographic .
Fringe
It ’s amazing how captivating a 20 second title sequence can be .
This one really draws you in .
House MD
The title sequence for “ House M.D. ” is simply beautiful .
The imagery and music work so well together .
Dexter
A dark and clever title sequence that sums up the tone of the show beautifully .
True Blood
A masterfully made title sequence that really throws you into the creepy world the show has created .
Nip / Tuck
Love this title sequence !
The symbolism used is both brilliant and creepy at the same time .
Clone High
Clone
High ’s title sequence is so well made , it rivals any live action show out there .
Desperate Housewives
Say what you will about the show itself , there ’s no denying it has a pretty cool title sequence .
The animation is great .
Flight of the Conchords
If you ’ve ever seen this show , it ’s only appropriate for the title sequence to feel like a music video .
Carnivàle
A brilliantly animated title sequence that brings tarot cards to life .
The Sopranos
Though a fairly simple title sequence , this remains one of my all time favorites .
Samurai Champloo
The colors , imagery and typography all work together beautifully in this title sequence .
Six Feet Under
The title sequence for “ Six Feet Under ” is beautifully shot and at the same time sets up the tone and premise of the show perfectly .
Lost
For a show like Lost that is so reliant on instant gratification , this minimalist title sequence works perfectly to keep up the momentum .
Deadwood
The title sequence for Deadwood will bring you back to the old west faster than you can say “ sarsaparilla ” .
Rome
A wonderfully animated title sequence .
The effect of the wall paintings coming to life is perfectly executed .
John Adams
Though bending the rules a little to include a mini-series , we would be remiss to include John Adams ’ powerful title sequence in this list .
Big Love
For a show about polygamy , a title sequence that is littered with metaphors and symbolism is an absolute must .
Dead Like Me
The title sequence for the “ late ” Dead Like
Me perfectly captured the dark humour of the show .
The Simpsons
After 20 years , the Simpsons have fully revamped their famous animated title sequence for their transition into high definition .
Honorable Mentions
There were so many titles we wanted to include in this list but did n’t quite make the cut for one reason or another .
Related Posts
You may want to take a look at the following related articles :
( CNN ) -- Omar Khadr begged them to do it .
" Kill me , " he said .
" Please , kill me . "
Omar Khadr , is shown here in his early teens , when he was first accused of killing a U.S. soldier in Afghanistan .
The men looming over the bullet - riddled 15 - year - old were stunned .
How was he still alive ?
The Special Forces unit had fired several rounds into him , shooting where a grenade had been thrown that mortally wounded their medic , Sgt. 1st Class Christopher Speer .
The air in the Afghan compound , which had been blown to bits , was a thick fog of dust .
Hearts pumped from the adrenaline of a firefight .
Speer was immediately choppered away .
The 28 - year - old father of two would die 10 days later .
The wounded teen , whose parents once lived with Osama bin Laden , was patched up and flown away too , headed for questioning at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan .
He would become one of Guantanamo Bay 's most controversial detainees .
Khadr , now 22 , is the youngest inmate and , as a Canadian citizen , the only Westerner still held at Gitmo .
He is accused of receiving one - on - one training from al Qaeda and was allegedly caught on a surveillance video making and planting roadside bombs where U.S. troops traveled -- video the Pentagon will not release .
Due to go to trial last month , Khadr is charged with war crimes including murder , spying , conspiracy and providing support to terrorism .
But President Obama 's order to close the detention facility at Gitmo has postponed the trial , and left the case in limbo .
Like the other remaining 245 Gitmo detainees , Khadr could be tried in the United States and face a life sentence .
Or he might be sent back to Canada , where he could avoid trial and be set free .
Khadr has already served more time than he ever would under Canadian law , his lawyers say .
They paint him as a victim , a kid trying to please his father , an al Qaeda financier who raised Omar and his siblings in bin Laden 's training camps .
" Omar is not a threat , " said his attorney Nathan Whitling , who recently visited his client at the prison in Cuba .
" He 's a good kid , everyone agrees . "
Former Special Forces soldier Layne Morris back in the U.S. shortly after being injured in the Khost firefight .
Retired Special Forces Sgt. Layne Morris laughs at that .
" I just want to ask people , ' Do you have a short attention span ? ' " he said .
" Would you have a short memory if you knew the background of these people ? "
On July 27 , 2002 , Morris was among the Special Forces unit in southeast Afghanistan that received intelligence that an al Qaeda explosives maker was at a mud- brick compound in Khost , a village near the Pakistani border , his affidavit says .
" When we got there , we could see six guys through the gates -- all well - fed , well - dressed , not looking like your average Afghans , so it was clear we had received good information , " Morris said .
After the soldiers formed a perimeter around the compound , Afghan fighters working with the Americans shouted in Pashto over a PA system for the men inside to surrender .
Minutes ticked by .
When it was clear that no one was budging , two Afghans working with the soldiers were sent to the gate .
" They shot them point - blank , " Morris said .
" We returned fire and lobbed hand grenades , stepped back and then reengaged , called for air support .
We bombed that compound for an hour .
There was n't much left of it .
We thought everyone inside was dead . "
Blinded in his right eye by shrapnel during the firefight , Morris ducked behind a U.S. truck , and was eventually taken away .
What happened next is disputed .
Special Forces Sgt. 1st Class Christopher Speer , a father of two , was killed in Afghanistan in 2002 .
As soldiers walked into the compound , Khadr emerged from the ruins , threw the grenade that killed Speer and was then shot , prosecutor Marine Maj .
Jeff Groharing said .
But the defense argues that there was another man alive in the compound who could have thrown the grenade , according to a 2004 Defense Department investigative interview with another U.S. soldier who was present .
The defense accidentally released the document to the media in 2007 .
Read the soldier 's account
The soldier said he " heard moaning " and saw a man lying on his right side , then shot the man in the head and he stopped moving , according to the testimony .
" If we were allowed to go into a real courtroom , not what we have at Guantanamo , and present that evidence , the court would clearly be left with reasonable doubt , " Khadr 's attorney said .
" We 've never said there was n't anyone else alive in there , " countered Groharing .
" But that man was too banged up , his injuries were too severe for him to have thrown the grenade .
We have said that Omar was the only one in a position to throw it . "
Groharing also said that when the unit swept the bombed compound , they found a videotape showing Khadr and other men passing around wire , bomb caps and pliers , Groharing told CNN .
And , he said , the detainee confessed several times during questioning .
The defense says those confessions were the product of torture , an allegation the prosecution denies .
Khadr claims in a 2008 affidavit that his interrogators spat on him , pulled his hair and threatened him with rape during the early weeks at Bagram .
He describes a " soldier " at Guantanamo forcing him to wear a mask that made it hard to breathe and made him pass out .
He said he endured this treatment " 3 or 4 times . "
Khadr also said he was forced to scrub the floor on his hands and knees while still wounded and describes being " terrified " at Bagram when a bag was placed over his head and barking dogs were brought into his interrogation room .
Riddled with shrapnel cuts , Khadr said his interrogators nicknamed him " Buck - shot . "
" I did not want to expose myself to any more harm , so I always just told interrogators what I thought they wanted to hear , " the affidavit reads .
Read Khadr 's allegations of torture
Defense attorney Whitling said that they have no physical evidence of such treatment to back Khadr 's account of torture .
Only one piece of visual evidence showing Khadr 's treatment has been made public -- an interrogation recorded in February 2003 , about seven months after his capture .
Khadr 's attorneys obtained the footage , recorded with a hidden camera at Guantanamo , in a lawsuit against the Canadian government .
A judge allowed the government to edit the tape before releasing it , defense attorneys said .
CNN viewed the footage .
" Nobody cares about me , " Khadr says while he cries and lifts his shirt , attempting to show his injuries .
" People care about you , " says a male speaker , who the Pentagon and defense attorneys identify as a Canadian .
The man continues to talk to Khadr in the tone of a disappointed parent , telling the teen to " relax . "
Khadr breaks down and sobs uncontrollably .
Watch the interrogation »
" When I heard about this interrogation video , I figured it was someone pulling his fingernails out and waterboarding , " Layne Morris said .
" I was genuinely shocked and surprised to see how sorry people felt for him .
I thought , ' Now that they have been broken down emotionally and are crying like children , now we feel sorry for them ? ' "
Yes , say Khadr 's advocates , including the Canadian Bar Association .
Its president wrote a letter last month to Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper calling for the detainee 's repatriation , saying the U.S. government has flouted his due process rights .
Harper has not taken a position on the case , and has deferred to the Obama administration .
A courtroom sketch done in January of Omar Khadr during a hearing at Guantanamo Bay .
When he speaks of home , Khadr talks about Toronto , according Canadian Foreign Affairs Department liaisons who 've visited with him .
The defense sued the department to obtain the reports detailing the visits .
Their reports paint a complex picture of a mostly polite but frustrated young man who is a voracious reader despite not having schooling beyond the eighth grade .
American attorneys at Gitmo have described Khadr as a " good kid " to the Foreign Affairs officials .
And his good behavior has allowed him privileges he loves , like reading Harry Potter books , the reports say .
But when offered the chance to call his family who live in Canada , he " did n't seem overly keen " about it , a Canadian report in March 2008 notes .
Canadian media have dubbed the Khadrs " The First Family of Terrorism . "
" Much of the hatred of the Khadr story has been directed at his family , " said Toronto Star reporter Michelle Shephard , who has interviewed Khadr 's relatives and written the book " Guantanamo's Child . "
" The reality is , though , that when he comes back , his family will eventually be all he has .
And considering their reputation in Canada , that is scary to a lot of people . "
Born in Canada , Khadr was a toddler when his Palestinian mother and Egyptian father moved the family to Peshawar , Pakistan , so he and his siblings could attend bin Laden 's training camps , according to court documents .
The family lived with the head of al Qaeda who was " the big person in the compound , " Khadr 's older brother Abdurrahman Khadr told CNN in a 2006 interview .
At the camps , the Khadr children learned " Why we 're here , why we are fighting America , why we are taking this way , why being a suicide bomber is an honor , why it 's right religiously , " Abdurrahman Khadr said in that interview .
The Khadr patriarch , Ahmed Khadr , worked for charities in the Middle East and Canada that were fronts for al Qaeda , of which he was a senior member , the U.S. charges .
In 1994 , the father was arrested and served prison time for helping finance the bombing of the Egyptian Embassy in Pakistan , according to Omar Khadr 's indictment .
Khadr and his siblings briefly returned to Canada during that time , and then came back to Afghanistan to stay .
In the weeks before the firefight in 2002 , Omar Khadr 's father " gave him away to a known Islamic militant " and the teen received one - on - one firearms and explosives training with al Qaeda members , according to court filings in his case .
Abdurrahman Khadr told " 60 Minutes " last year that his brother went to the compound as a translator , not a fighter .
" He was sent there by my father and as an obedient kid and he said OK , " he told the show .
Their father died in a gunbattle with Pakistani police in 2003 , according to Pakistani intelligence sources , a story the U.S. government has accepted as truth , a Pentagon spokesman told CNN .
As he got older , Abdurrahman Khadr , who is reportedly living in Canada , told CNN he grew to reject bin Laden 's philosophy and went to work for the CIA for a brief time -- a claim the CIA will not comment on .
The Khadr family 's reputation is inspired mostly by comments Omar Khadr 's mother has made since her son was captured .
Maha Elsamnah , who lives in Toronto , told the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. in a 2004 documentary that she would be proud to have her sons die as a " martyr . "
And she has admitted to thinking , ' Let them have it ' when the planes hit the World Trade Center in 2001 , according to the Toronto Star .
Reached at her Toronto home last week , Elsamnah said she no longer associates with al Qaeda , and that her time in Afghanistan was spent working with orphans and poor mothers .
" We had a cause then , " Elsamnah said , referring to the period when her husband raised their children alongside bin Laden in the 1980s and 1990s .
" We are different now .
We are human .
I do n't like violence .
I hate violence . "
" I hope Omar is a good boy now , a good man , " she said .
" When he comes back home , we are dreaming of having a farm , [ where we can ] raise our own animals , far away from pressure of the media and the pressure of the community who are so confused about our life . "
She said she " just wants to be a mother . "
Omar 's brother Abdullah Khadr is being held in Canada on a U.S. extradition warrant , accused of supplying weapons to al Qaeda .
Another brother , Karim Khadr , was paralyzed from the waist down in the same gun battle that killed his father in 2003 , Omar Khadr 's defense attorney confirmed .
Karim Khadr is living in Canada , the attorney said .
The eldest sibling , Zaynab Khadr , has been investigated for involvement in terrorism by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , but she has never been charged , her brother 's attorneys confirmed .
The RCMP told CNN its policy is not to comment on any ongoing or concluded investigations .
She recently ended an 18 - day hunger strike in support of her brother and told CNN in an e-mail that Omar Khadr only wants " to return to Canada , where he was born and spent much of his childhood , and become an ' ordinary Canadian ' once again . "
If Khadr is released , the government may seek a peace bond , Canada 's version of a restraining order .
That could keep relatives away , at least for a time , while counselors , moderate imams and others help him adjust .
" We want to make sure Omar feels like he has the right people guiding him , " Whitling said .
" But you ca n't separate a boy from his family forever . "
CNN 's Caitlin Stark and Pam Benson contributed to this report .
All About Guantanamo Bay • September 11 Attacks • Afghanistan
Editor 's note : Paul Begala , a Democratic strategist and CNN political contributor , was a political consultant for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to Clinton in the White House .
Paul Begala says Republicans are failing to respond to the real economic pain felt throughout the U.S .
( CNN ) --
As the fight over President Obama 's economic recovery package heats up , the two sides are beginning to define themselves with admirable clarity .
The president says we have a crisis that is heading toward a catastrophe .
In announcing his new Economic Recovery Advisory Board , President Obama declared , " The situation could not be more serious .
These [ new unemployment ] numbers demand action .
It is inexcusable and irresponsible for any of us to get bogged down in distraction , delay , or politics as usual , while millions of Americans are being put out of work . "
The Republicans , on the other hand , have honed their economic message : Denial , Delay , Do Nothing .
Denial
It begins with denial .
Former Bush adviser Karl Rove and Fox News host Bill O'Reilly opined in December that it 's the media 's fault .
The said the press is overhyping bad news ; the economy , they suggested , is not really all that bad .
" So you are agreeing with me , " O'Reilly said , " that there is a conscious effort on the part of The New York Times and other liberal media to basically paint as drastic a picture as possible , so that when Barack Obama takes office , that anything is better than what we have now ? "
" Yes , " said Mr. Rove .
OK .
I guess if you 're wealthy like Mr. Rove and Mr. O'Reilly you can afford to pretend the recession is a vast media conspiracy .
But for the 3.7 million Americans who have lost their jobs in the Bush - Republican recession , Messrs .
Rove and O'Reilly seem dangerously out of touch .
Delay
" Let 's slow down .
Let 's take our time , " said Sen.
Mike Johanns ( R - Nebraska ) .
" Few things are going to be as important as this . "
Generally that 's good advice .
But with the economy losing 19,000 jobs a day , is delay really a wise strategy ?
Sen. Richard Shelby ( R - Alabama ) seems to think so .
He told CNN's John King , " We could shelf this bill and start again .
That 's what we really need to do . "
Do Nothing
South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford is widely considered a rising star in the GOP .
He was even mentioned as a potential running mate for 2008 Republican presidential nominee John McCain .
His strategy , again articulated to John King on " State of the Union , " is to do nothing -- let companies , communities and families fail .
" We 're going to go through a process of deleveraging , " Sanford said .
" And it will be painful .
The question is , do we apply a bunch of different Band - Aids that lengthen and prolong this pain or do we take the Band - Aid off ?
I believe very strongly : Let 's get this thing over with , let 's not drag it on . "
Set aside the callousness of Sanford 's metaphor -- that joblessness at the highest level since the Great Depression is somehow like a scratch that does n't even need a Band - Aid .
Focus instead on Sanford 's substantive message :
You 're on your own .
Write if you get work .
This befits a party which has high - ranking members who deny the effectiveness of the New Deal .
What 's next , denying that the federal government put a man on the moon ?
What Bipartisanship ?
Given the GOP 's combination of flat - earth economics and scorched - earth politics , it should come as no surprise that it looks like 98.6 percent of Washington Republicans oppose President Obama 's economic recovery package .
They either do not understand the depth of the recession or they do not realize the results of the recent election .
I do n't know what more President Obama can do .
He has named three prominent Republicans to his Cabinet ( Robert Gates at Defense , Ray LaHood at Transportation and Judd Gregg at Commerce ) .
He has helped persuade New Hampshire Gov. John Lynch to replace Sen. Gregg with a Republican .
He has met behind closed doors with the entire House and Senate Republican conferences .
He has hosted bipartisan cocktail parties , a Super Bowl party and -- what 's left , a slumber party ?
He has agreed to ditch progressive provisions from the stimulus bill , like support for family planning ( earning him a rebuke from Planned Parenthood ) and accepted more tax cuts than many Democrats would like .
iReport.com : Share your thoughts on the stimulus package
Still , there 's bipartisanship and there 's bipartisanship .
Real - world Republicans support President Obama 's recovery plan .
Florida Gov. Charlie Crist is a supporter , and as the ubiquitous John King has reported , the very Republican mayor of the very Republican town of Carmel , Indiana , supports Obama 's plan as well .
" Government should be investing in infrastructure , " Mayor James Brainard told King .
" That is what government is meant to do .
It creates long - term value .
I think the stimulus plan is a good one . "
So take heart , Mr. President .
In the real world of layoffs , foreclosures and plant closings , you have the support of both Republicans and Democrats .
They agree with you that Denial , Delay and Doing Nothing is not an economic strategy .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Begala .
All About Charlie Crist • Barack Obama • Recessions and Depressions
The editor of the Egyptian government daily Al - Gumhouriyya , Muhammad ' Ali Ibrahim , who is also an Egyptian MP , wrote a series for the paper titled " Hamas , Damascus , Iran – The New Axis of Evil . "
In the series , he criticized Hamas , Syria , and Iran for their position vis-à - vis Gaza and the opening of the Rafah crossing .
Ibrahim stated that Iran and Syria had conspired to keep the Palestinian problem unresolved and to take advantage of it to promote their interests in the region , and argued that Hamas was a tyrannical religious movement which was , like the Nazis in mid-20th - century Europe , pushing its people towards catastrophe by preferring Syria 's and Iran 's interests to those of the Palestinians .
Also in his articles , Ibrahim came out against Qatar , accusing it of sympathizing with the Iran - Syria axis and of airing anti-Egyptian programs on the Qatari TV channel Al - Jazeera .
A few days later , the editor of the Egyptian weekly Roz Al - Yousef , ' Abdallah Kamal , wrote in a similar vein .
Both editors called Qatar hypocritical for criticizing Egyptian policy while at the same time attempting to forge ties with Israel and the U.S .
Following are excerpts from the series by Muhammad ' Ali Ibrahim , and from the article by ' Abdallah Kamal :
Al - Gumhouriyya Editor : Hamas , Syria , and Iran Are Trying to Distort Egypt's Image
In the first article of his series , published December 22 , 2008 , Ibrahim wrote : " Since Damascus , Teheran , and Hamas are criticizing Egypt and accusing it of treason , [ I ] feel compelled to offer some clarification , in order to [ help ] the public understand the facts … which the Persians and the Syrians have been trying to distort …
" [ When it was mediating the negotiations for a calm ( tahdia ) ] , Egypt believed that the tahdia was the top interest of the Gaza [ residents ] …
However , [ Hamas leaders , including ] Khaled Mash'al , Isma'il Haniya , and other Hamas members , did not understand the [ nature of the ] tahdia that Egypt was working for …
These heroes believed that the innocuous missiles that they were firing at Sderot would compel Israel [ to agree to a tahdia ] …
" When the [ Palestinian national ] dialogue failed , Egypt halted its mediation [ between the Palestinian factions , thereby ] destroying the hope of intra-Palestinian conciliation and exposing the political support that Hamas was getting [ from Iran and Syria .
However , ] despite all Iran 's and Syria 's support [ for Hamas ] , everyone must know that in Hamas 's [ conflict ] with Israel , it was Egypt that was providing it with the strongest political [ leverage ] .
Therefore , when Cairo halted [ its mediation , ] the main political buttress for the tahdia was shaken – and as a result , [ the tahdia ] was never attained …
" One reason for the failure to achieve a hudna [ ceasefire ] was Hamas 's refusal to make peace with Fatah and its rejection of the two - state solution [ to the Palestinian problem ] for which the entire world had been hoping … " [ 1 ]
Syria and Iran Have Conspired to Exploit the Palestinian Cause for Their Own Interests
Ibrahim 's second article of the series , published December 23 , 2008 , stated : " When , in late January and early February 2008 , Hamas began urging the Gaza residents to breach [ the Egyptian border ] , it became clear that [ Hamas ] was hoping to establish an Islamic Emirate in Sinai … Hamas is well aware that Egypt would never agree to take it upon itself to govern Gaza – which is what Israel is trying to do ; however , if Egypt is subjected to Arab and Islamic pressure to accommodate Hamas in the Sinai for humanitarian reasons – [ that is , ] in order to save [ it ] from starvation , siege , and repeated attacks – the international agreements [ in control of the border crossing will be invalidated ] …
" [ The latter scenario was devised ] jointly by Damascus and Teheran , for a number of reasons .
Firstly , [ they wanted ]
Egypt to be preoccupied with its national security .
In this case , the Palestinian problem would not be resolved as desired by the largest Arab country [ Egypt ] and the international community – that is , by establishing two states , each with its own capital .
" Secondly , [ Damascus and Teheran wanted ] the Palestinian problem to be gradually removed from the hands of the Egyptian negotiator – who had become familiar with its minute details and whose reputation inspired Arab , regional , and international [ circles ] with respectful admiration – so that it would become a bargaining chip for Damascus and Teheran .
At the same time , [ Damascus ] was trying to make [ the Palestinian problem ] part of a Golan Heights deal , meaning that the Palestinian people would be dependent not only on Lebanon 's wishes but on Syria 's as well .
[ The outcome ] would be that Syria would bring the Palestinian problem back to its starting point … "
Ibrahim further stated : " It is in Iran 's interest to keep the Palestinian problem unresolved until the Iranian nuclear crisis is over , because Iran believes … that it can trade Hamas for political gain , while at the same time significantly improving its own image …
We have before us a well - planned conspiracy , as well as an agenda , devised by Damascus and Teheran to pin the Palestinian problem to Iran 's and Syria 's interests , and for this purpose they have been using Hizbullah and Hamas to great effect … " [ 2 ]
" Religious Movements [ Such As Hamas and Hizbullah ] Contain Elements Similar to Nazism – As Do Many Tyrannical Parties That Brought Disaster Upon Their Respective Nations
In his third article , published December 24 , 2008 , Ibrahim wrote : " Hamas believes , as do the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood , Hizbullah , and other religious organizations , that everything it does is always right …
Hamas , like any other ideological movement , believes that because it was elected by the people , the people no longer have a say , and that because it won the election , it can treat the people [ as it sees fit ] .
Religious movements contain elements similar to Nazism , as do many tyrannical parties that brought disaster upon their respective nations …
" Hamas 's [ statements ] and actions are [ characteristics of a group that is ] trying to bring destruction upon its people …
Egypt is concerned about the Palestinians , while Hamas is not – not one bit .
Hamas is holding the entire Palestinian people hostage , saying : ' We will live together , or die together . '
Hamas is imposing suicide [ ideology ] on the Palestinians , because it sees itself as their legitimate ruler .
" For Hamas , it does n't matter that balance of forces is completely against them – they remain arrogant .
The Palestinians did indeed elect [ Hamas ] ; however , [ Hamas ] did not make Palestinian wellbeing [ its top priority ] , but rather chose to join the axis that is opposed to the moderate Arab [ countries ] – the Syria - Iran axis , which is against Egypt and Saudi Arabia .
" Hamas 's position and Egypt 's position are diametrically opposed .
Cairo believes that it is imperative to rescue the Palestinians from the catastrophe , while Hamas holds that there would be nothing wrong if [ all ] the Palestinians perished , because then they will be martyrs and enter Paradise .
[ Hamas also believes ] that it is more important to strengthen the Syria - Iran axis of evil , which sponsors the religious movements in Iraq , Lebanon , and Palestine …
" Hamas is pushing Gaza towards a massacre , while all the while shouting that the Arabs or the Egyptians have failed to come to their aid .
The Palestinians must realize the truth – that [ Hamas 's ] actions are pushing [ Gaza ] towards a massacre …
" This shows that Hamas is part of Tel Aviv 's plan to eliminate the [ Palestinian ] problem .
Hamas may not be aware of this ; or possibly it is , but it considers Syria 's and Iran 's interests a hundred times more important than the interests of those who voted it [ into power ] . " [ 3 ]
The Iranian - Syrian Axis Will Not Drag Egypt Into War with Israel
In a January 1 , 2009 article in Al - Gumhouriyya , Ibrahim wrote : " [ Opening ] the [ Rafah ] crossing is [ only ] one of the many objectives of this Iranian - Syrian conspiracy against Egypt .
The Iranian - Syrian axis aims to rapidly drag Egypt into a confrontation with Israel .
However , they [ i.e. Iran and Syria ] forget that Egypt long ago decided to embrace peace .
Egypt has fought enough , and it will never [ sacrifice ] its life to defend others ...
" If Hizbullah leader [ Hassan Nasrallah ] thinks that Egypt should join the front [ against Israel ] , then we must ask [ him ] :
Where are the funds that you are accumulating ?
Where are the Shihab 1 , Shihab 2 and Shihab 5 missiles , and all the other missiles that Tehran test - fired in order to frighten the enemy of Allah and your enemy ?
Do you wage war only in front of the television cameras ?
Are Tehran 's missiles [ only ] for show ?
[ While ] the Israeli war machine attacks Gaza , you attack Egypt .
Your heroes [ sit ] trembling in your hideouts – [ yet ] you ask , ' Where is Egypt ? '...
" [ Hamas leader Khaled ]
Mash'al , in his folly , considers himself a hero , issuing orders from his hideout in Damascus or Tehran to his counterparts in Gaza to kill themselves .
" No resistance [ movement ] has its decisions made by others .
Khaled Mash'al is not a free [ agent ] , [ for ] his decisions are controlled by Tehran .
He is not murdering the Palestinians to liberate Palestine – which he is completely incapable of doing [ i.e. liberating Palestine ] – but to prevent [ Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud ]
' Abbas from negotiating with Israel .
Can there be greater folly than this ?...
" Egypt will never [ let itself ] be dragged into confrontation with Israel while Iran sits quietly [ far away ] , issuing orders that are carried out by its lackeys .
Our armed forces will never fight to defend Syria , whose army , as far as I know , has not fired a single bullet since 1973 ...
" Hamas has no future in Palestine .
What it has done to the Palestinians , not even Israel has done .
[ The Hamas government ] is the first [ Muslim ] government in the world to prevent its citizens from making the Hajj , and it the third [ Arab ] regime to massacre its own people , after Saddam Hussein 's and Hafez Al - Assad's .
Must the Egyptian army defend it ?
Must we defend lunatics who have butchered their own people , held the wounded hostage , prevented [ their citizens ] from making the Hajj , and , worse yet , murdered one of our sons [ i.e. the Egyptian officer killed in a clash with Hamas at the Rafah crossing ] ?... "
Ibrahim also criticized Qatar , calling it hypocritical for attacking Arab countries while itself striving to establish relations with Israel and the U.S. : " Washington once had one protectorate in the Middle East – Israel – but now it has two : Doha and Tel - Aviv ...
Qatar is the Arab country with the most intensive trade relations with Israel ...
Qatar was the first country to sell Israel more [ natural ] gas than Egypt , and at lower prices – and nobody opposed this .
Qatar 's prime minister and foreign minister , Hamad bin Jasim bin Jaber Aal Thani , is friendly with Israel 's foreign minister , Tsipi Livni .
The letters and gifts he sent her on her birthday indicate a belated adolescent [ crush on her ] .
He [ even ] preferred to buy a summer house in Nahariya to vacation with his Israeli friends , whom he likes more than the British ...
" The U.S. military operations base [ in the Middle East ] is in Doha – and it is the largest U.S. military base outside the U.S.
It was from there that [ the U.S. ] launched its artillery attack on Iraq prior to its 2003 invasion , and there that it conducted maneuvers in preparation for this [ operation ] ...
Qatar built this base for the Americans at its own expense ...
True , Qatar is occupied by the U.S. – but this is by [ Qatar 's ] its own consent and by the demand of [ Qatar 's ] masses .
[ This occupation ] pleases [ Qatar ] , and is based on its mutual interests [ with the U.S. ] ... [ Now ] this occupied country is acting to convene an Arab summit , and is calling upon the large Arab countries to attend it .
Sometimes it even goes so far as to think it can issue orders ... " [ 4 ]
Roz Al - Yousef Editor : Iran , Syria , and Qatar Strive for Regional Hegemony – At Egypt's Expense
In a January 3 , 2009 article , the editor of the Egyptian daily Roz Al - Yousef , ' Abdallah Kamal , likewise attacked the Syrian - Iranian - Qatari axis : " Several years ago , and its longstanding alliance with Iran notwithstanding , Syria became the third member of the troika , that comprises the leading Arab [ countries ] and was formed in the wake of the Second Gulf War ...
" The first member of this troika was Egypt ; the second was Saudi Arabia .
However , [ since then ] , Syria has slowly … fallen into the embrace of Iran – whose [ policies are blatantly ] at odds with Arab interests because of its Persian ethnicity , its Shi'ite faith , and its political agenda – which is completely opposed to that of the Arabs .
" The new tripartite axis [ Iran , Syria and Turkey ] , which is trying to present itself as an alternative to the [ existing ] leadership of the region , may look like an [ equilateral ] triangle , but in essence and in terms of its objective characteristics , it is full of defects :
It is wide - angled on its right side and narrow - angled on its left , and it has one leg that is long and another that is tiny ...
The smallest and weakest leg [ of this triangle ] is Qatar ...
" The main impediment to Iran 's influence in the region is Egypt 's political prominence .
[ This is why Iran ] has been trying to remove Egypt from the arena for the past quarter century or more ... [ it is attempting ] to push it into a military confrontation with Israel that will undermine its economic and political stability for the next 25 years at least , and will trap it into a no - exit security situation ( by pushing the Palestinians into Sinai and making them a demographic time bomb for Egypt ) ...
" Iran is even trying to topple the Egyptian regime , or at least to [ challenge its ] moral [ legitimacy ] , so as to exert every [ possible ] pressure on it , making it lose its political influence in the region ...
The optimal arena for accomplishing this goal has been Gaza ...
" Iran has helped Hamas manufacture rockets , [ for example ] by smuggling warheads and [ missile ] guidance systems into Gaza – made in China , Korea , or wherever .
Hamas manufactures the rockets with the gunpowder , pipes , and tail sections it receives .
" [ Iran ] also supplies $ 40 million a month in funds ( $ 25 million for Hamas and $ 15 million for [ Palestinian Islamic ] Jihad ) ... " [ 5 ]
February 2 , 2009 Volume 87 , Number 05 pp. 33-34
Murderous Molecules
Accounts of true crimes in which victims were polished off by poison
Reviewed by Charles S. Tumosa
THROUGHOUT THE 19TH and 20th centuries , the British liked a subtlety in their murders , real and fictional , and this book in 10 chapters chronicles the tradition of the quiet pursuit of murder by poisoning .
“ Molecules of Murder : Criminal Molecules and Classic Cases ” follows some interesting poisons from antiquity to the very recent , recounting some well - known crimes and introducing some others not so well - known .
The author , John Emsley , is a Ph.D. inorganic chemist who has spent the past few years as a freelance science writer .
His 2005 book , “ Elements of Murder , ” introduced readers to the poisons arsenic , antimony , lead , mercury , thallium , and so on .
Now he has continued the story to include other deadly molecules and some of the more complex organic poisons , such as adrenaline and paraquat .
Molecules of Murder : Criminal Molecules and Classic Cases ,
by John Emsley , RSC Publishing , 2008 , 276 pages , $ 24.95 hardcover ( ISBN : 978–0-85404–965–3 ) )
Emsley ’s new book is divided into two sections of five chapters each .
Part I , “ Some of Nature ’s Deadly Chemicals : From Medicine to Murder , ” chronicles the murderous use of ricin , hyoscine ( scopolamine ) , atropine , diamorphine ( heroin ) , and adrenalin .
Part II , “ Dangerous man-made Chemicals : So Simple , So Useful , So Deadly , ” introduces the reader to toxic chloroform , carbon monoxide , cyanide , paraquat , and polonium .
The format of the chapters is straightforward .
A history of the poison and a brief description of its physiological effects are followed by a collection of anecdotes involving the material .
Many of the stories have been told previously , but the emphasis on chemistry makes them well worth retelling .
Plenty of trivia and unusual facts throughout the book should please the most jaded “ Jeopardy ” fan .
Many of these cases resulted in the development of a more sophisticated forensic chemistry .
One well - known case recounted in the book is the 1978 murder of a Bulgarian dissident , Georgi Markov , in London .
Markov was walking along when he felt a sharp pain in his leg .
He turned around to find a man with a folded umbrella .
The umbrella was actually a weapon that fired a small pellet into his leg .
The pellet contained the extremely toxic ricin extracted from castor beans .
Markov died four days later .
Another Bulgarian , Vladimir Kostov , was shot in a similar manner in Paris but managed to survive the assassination attempt .
Emsley details how the materials used in the assassinations were eventually traced to the Bulgarian secret police who were trained in their use by the now - defunct intelligence service of the former Soviet Union , the KGB .
Most of the information on the assassinations was destroyed when the communist government fell in Bulgaria .
Ricin has been in the recent news as a possible terrorist weapon .
Because ricin poisoning can mimic certain diseases , techniques for its identification in humans are now available .
Vaccines to prevent symptoms of poisoning are also now available .
Toxins from plants have always been a source of poisons because they are beneficial in one dose and deadly in another .
Emsley describes two such alkaloids , hyoscine and atropine .
In yet another oft - told tale , the book recounts the 1910 murder in England of Belle Elmore , better known as the wife of the notorious Dr. Crippen .
Mrs. Crippen was a minor but popular singer in Edwardian London .
Dr. Crippen was , by most standards , a con artist with problems on both sides of the Atlantic .
As many stories of the infamous crime tell , Mrs. Crippen had the money and Dr. Crippen had a mistress , ensuring that their marriage would come to an unpleasant end .
" Many of these cases resulted in the development of a more sophisticated forensic chemistry . "
The murder happened when , after a small party , Dr. Crippen , who had earlier purchased hyoscine or scopolamine from a pharmacist , apparently gave his wife a drink containing it .
Instead of dying neatly , she must have required a coup de grace that made the body impossible to pass off as a natural death .
Crippen disposed of the body by removing the flesh , treating it with quicklime and burying it in the basement of his house .
After the murder was discovered and the body located , Crippen and his mistress — interestingly disguised as father and son — boarded a ship for Canada .
The ship ’s captain recognized Crippen and radioed the authorities in London , something unusual in 1910 .
A faster ship with a pursuing detective chased Crippen to Canada and he was arrested there .
At his trial , he was convicted of murder , and he was subsequently hanged .
The trial involved the well - known pathologist Sir Bernard Spilsbury ( who appears again later in the book ) .
This case strained the limits of the known sciences of the time , including an identification of the victim from soft tissue ( a recently questioned identification ) , the chemist ’s identification of the poison , and the use of the new “ wireless ” for communication to alert the police .
Atropine appears in another case of marital discord that is chronicled in the book .
In 1994 , a biologist , Paul Agutter , decided to kill his wife with atropine put into a bottle of tonic water .
To throw off suspicion , he poisoned several bottles of tonic water at a local store .
As his wife became ill and collapsed , he called the local doctor and left a message on his machine .
The message , however , was picked up by another doctor who dispatched an ambulance immediately .
The technicians recognized the seriousness of the situation and collected the tonic bottle and drink for analysis .
The wife survived the attempt .
Agutter was arrested , convicted , and served prison time .
After parole , he went to work for the University of Manchester , in England , where he taught philosophy and medical ethics .
Chloroform is well - known as an anesthetic but rarely thought of as a poison .
The history of chloroform is recounted in the book in some detail .
The general consensus in the 19th century was that using chloroform was a safe way of limiting pain in operations and childbirth .
The margin of safety for anesthetic use was rather small , however , and thousands of people died during surgery .
Chronic recreational inhalation can also lead to liver damage .
The 2005 murder of a child by inhalation of chloroform is recounted in the book and the direct ingestion of toxic amounts of chloroform in two Victorian - era murder cases is described .
Carbon monoxide , a gas that can kill at low concentrations ( ~0.1 % ) , quite often accidentally , is covered in one chapter of the book .
Emsley explains that intentional use of CO to commit suicide is common , but occasionally it has been used to commit murder .
Accidental death from carbon monoxide kills about 250 people a year in the U.S. , he writes , and thousands of people who have accidentally breathed it require treatment .
About 1,000 people a year kill themselves with CO , usually from running cars in a closed garage , according to the author .
NEW & NOTEWORTHY CHAINS OF OPPORTUNITY : The University of Akron and the Emergence of the Polymer Age , 1909 –2007 , by Mark D. Bowles , University of Akron Press , 2008 , 357 pages , $ 45.95 hardback ( ISBN : 978–1-931968 –53 –9 )
Explores the University of Akron ’s pioneering contributions to rubber chemistry , polymer science , and polymer engineering .
The author traces the school ’s interaction with Akron rubber giants such as Goodyear and Firestone , recounts its administration of the federal government ’s synthetic rubber program during World War II , and describes its role in the development and professionalization of the academic discipline in polymers that have become a pervasive part of our material lives , in everything from toys to biotechnology .
Carbon monoxide at low levels in the human body can produce hallucinations .
Emsley speculates in the book that carbon monoxide that leaked from the town gas lines used to illuminate Victorian - era homes was responsible for the many supernatural sightings and hauntings reported in that time period .
The CO suicides of Sir Bernard Spilsbury , the noted pathologist , and writer Sylvia Plath are recounted in this chapter .
The chapter concludes with the story of Adair Garcia ’s 2002 murder in California of five of his children using a charcoal grill to produce carbon monoxide .
The use of cyanide as a poison could fill several books , let alone a chapter , but Emsley provides enough detail in his book to satisfy the not too bloodthirsty .
The 1982 Chicago Tylenol murders in particular are covered .
These murders resulted in major changes to the packaging of over - the - counter pharmaceuticals and a new forensic discipline to test for product tampering .
Continuing with a Russian theme , the book recounts the 1916 complex murder of the mad monk Grigory Rasputin by royalists concerned with his influence on the royal family .
He was first poisoned with cyanide , then shot , and eventually drowned .
Was the dose too low to be fatal or did the presence of sugars limit the effectiveness of the cyanide ?
Emsley asks this in the book .
A final Russian story , the 2006 assassination of Alexander Litvinenko , a Russian émigré and writer , by polonium - 210 , rounds out the history of poisonings the book details .
Litvinenko was a former member of the KGB and the Russian Federation successor , the Federal Security Service ( FSB ) .
His writings reveal that members of the FSB were involved in illegal activities , and he was regarded by them as a traitor .
He became very ill after meeting in London with several Russian surrogate agents .
After a number of wrong diagnoses , Litvinenko eventually was found to be suffering from poisoning by the radioactive isotope , a material almost certainly produced in the former Soviet Union .
A radioactive trail was found throughout London and led back to Moscow .
With no arrests and stonewalling by the current Russian government , this story has yet to reach a satisfactory ending .
Further chapters in Emsley ’s book describe murders with heroin , adrenalin , and paraquat .
The science of toxicology , the synthetic genius of chemists , and the perverse nature of people probably could make for many more books .
This book is clearly written and much easier to digest than the compounds it describes .
It also includes a glossary to help readers understand unfamiliar terms and the differences between U.K. and U.S. English .
A bibliography also helps the reader pursue the history of other crimes and molecules .
Emsley has written a book that satisfies the true - crime reader as well as the science - oriented specialist .
I ’m sure Gil Grissom , former head of the forensics investigation team in the TV show “ CSI , ” would have a copy on his shelf .
Charles S. Tumosa is a chemist who retired from the Smithsonian Institution in 2006 and teaches part - time in the University of Baltimore ’s Forensic Studies Program .
Morgan Tsvangirai is to be sworn in as Zimbabwe 's prime minister , pledging to take control of government , rescue millions from the brink of starvation and shunt President Robert Mugabe from power .
Many Zimbabweans and some foreign governments , including Britain , fear the power - sharing administration is a trap that will only perpetuate Mugabe 's rule .
The leader of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change today said that after months of wrangling with Mugabe over key cabinet posts his party compromised and agreed to join the government to prevent Zimbabwe collapsing under hyperinflation and the almost total ruin of agriculture and industry that has left seven million people , two - thirds of the population , reliant on foreign food aid .
Tsvangirai said joining a coalition with the man who used violence and intimidation to deny the MDC power was not an end in itself but a step toward democratic government .
" We are not joining Mugabe .
This is part of a transitional arrangement , negotiated .
Mr Mugabe has executive authority .
I have executive authority , " he said .
" The MDC can not be authors of chaos by allowing the country to go over the precipice .
That 's where it is ...
We are aware of the shortcomings [ of sharing power ] but we are also aware of the potential of responding to the needs of the population of Zimbabwe . "
The power struggle that has marked political negotiations is , however , likely to continue in the new administration .
Under the coalition agreement , Mugabe remains president , with Tsvangirai overseeing the daily administration of government as prime minister .
Cabinet seats are almost equally divided with a small breakaway MDC faction also represented .
Mugabe won the struggle to retain control of the principal security ministries , particularly defence and justice , which sceptics fear he will continue to use as tools to attack and intimidate his opponents .
Authority over home affairs , which is seen as crucial to ensuring future elections are free after the widespread violence by Mugabe 's supporters in last year 's ballot , is to be shared .
The MDC has control of the finance ministry and most social affairs ministries , such as health , which could prove an asset if the new government is able to deliver improved services .
Tsvangirai's main concern will be to put a new constitution in place and for fresh elections within two years in which he is counting on an embittered electorate to deliver such a decisive rejection of Mugabe that he will be forced to accept defeat .
For now , the new prime minister faces a myriad of challenges , including 94 % unemployment , the worst harvest since independence and a currency so worthless that shops will only accept US dollars and South African rand .
Tsvangirai said the most important cabinet post for reviving Zimbabwe 's fortunes was that of the finance minister and named the MDC 's secretary general , Tendai Biti , for the job .
Biti , a lawyer and the MDC 's chief negotiator , is expected to use the power the finance ministry wields with its control over budgets to influence Mugabe 's ministers .
His appointment is also likely to go some way to reassure foreign donors , principally Britain and the US , whose money is seen as key to Zimbabwe 's revival but who are sceptical over Mugabe remaining president .
Britain has taken the highly unusual step of publishing a notice in the Zimbabwean press laying out its concerns about the new administration .
While saying that " it is not for the United Kingdom to accept or reject anything " , the notice goes on to say that it regards any administration involving Mugabe as unacceptable .
" Given Mugabe 's resistance to change to date , his failed economic policies and his propensity to rail against the outside world , it is unlikely that any government involving Mugabe will inspire donor confidence and attract the support it so badly needs , " the notice placed by the British embassy in Harare said .
Britain says it wants to see the new administration " reverse the political , economic and social decline " as a condition for aid .
The MDC says it can't do that without considerable financial support .
Coming Soon : Spray - On Solar Panels
February 5th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Spray - on tans , spray - on solar panels … what ’s next ?
Researchers at the Australian National University are working with Spark Solar Australia and Braggone
Oy on a three - year project to develop spray - on solar panels that are both cheap and highly efficient .
Traditionally , solar cells are made of silicon coated with a thin layer of anti-reflective silicon nitrate .
The cells are expensive to produce because they are made in a vacuum .
With the spray - on method , cells travel along a conveyor belt and are sprayed with hydrogen film and anti-reflective film as they go , thus removing the need for a vacuum .
Scientists working on the project also hope to increase cell efficiency beyond the normal range of 5 to 24 percent .
ANU is currently testing the process , and commercial production is expected to begin in 2011 .
Photo Credit : Sustainable Energy Systems
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
About the Author Ariel Schwartz was formerly the editor of CleanTechnica and is a senior editor at Co. Exist .
She has contributed to SF Weekly , Popular Science , Inhabitat , Greenbiz , NBC Bay Area , GOOD Magazine , and more .
A graduate of Vassar College , she has previously worked in publishing , organic farming , documentary film , and newspaper journalism .
Her interests include permaculture , hiking , skiing , music , relocalization , and cob ( the building material ) .
She currently resides in San Francisco , CA .
The following information is from an old version of NRC Inspection Manual , Manual Chapter 1302 Action Levels for Radiation Exposures and Contamination Associated with Materials Events Involving Members of the Public .
" On August 29 , 1984 , Region V was informed by GA Technologies , La Jolla , California , of radioactive contamination in pipe fittings .
The radioactivity was identified as Co-60 as the only contaminant and was measured as 0.5 to 0.7 Sv/hr ( 0.05 to 0.07 mrem / hr ) at the surface [ The actual reported exposure rates were 0.05 - 0.07 mR / hr .
Note that the NRC conversion from mrem / hr to Sv/ hr is incorrect .
pwf ] .
The highest concentration of Co -60 was 7.8 Bq/g ( 0.21 n Ci/g ) .
The fittings had been imported from Taiwan .
A later analysis of the incident estimated that a 740 MBq ( 20 m Ci ) source of Co-60 had been mixed with 76.8 tons of scrap in a single batch of steel that was cast into products ( such as the pipe fittings ) exported to the United States .
The maximum radiation dose that any person would have been likely to receive might have come from where the pipe fittings were stored , or were installed in a plumbing system .
The dose rate drops to less than 10 percent of the surface dose when the distance from the surface of the contaminated fittings is 5.1 cm ( two inches ) or more .
Given this information , the maximum radiation dose would be 0.88 m Sv/yr ( 88 mrem / yr ) .
A second exposure pathway was evaluated for drinking water exposure because of leaching of Co -60 .
Based on the maximum activity of 37 Bq / g ( 1 nCi/g ) , and the total quantity of Co - 60 , in the pipe , of 350 grams , a body burden of 13 kBq ( 350 n Ci ) was calculated .
At the time of this incident , this was less than one - tenth of the occupational maximum permissible body burden of 370 Bq ( 10 m Ci ) from ICRP 2 .
The maximum exposure to any individual possessing one or more contaminated pipe fittings was determined to be very low and NRC concluded that there was no threat to public health and safety . "
By a curious coincidence , cobalt - 60 contaminated steel was melted down in late 1982 by Taiwan 's Hsin Jong Iron and Steel Mfg. Co. , and formed into rebar that ended up being used in home construction .
Donated by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission courtesy of Darrel Wiedeman References NRC Inspection Manual , Manual Chapter 1302 Action Levels for Radiation Exposures and Contamination Associated with Materials Events Involving Members of the Public .
Nuclear Regulatory Agency SECY -84-452 Policy Issue Information .
Contaminated Pipe Fittings Discovered Among Steel Castings Imported from Taiwan .
November 29 , 1984 .
Darrel Wiedemann , personal communication .
( You Tube here .
Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity are clearly among the breed of Republicans who refuse to believe that Conservatism failed -- rather , that the GOP failed Conservatism .
And so their solution for party renewal is to just go back to embracing the policies and ideas that brought the nation to the brink of economic and diplomatic ruin .
They do n't seem to realize yet that the country has turned the page and moved on .
And so they rage , rage against the fall of right - wing night .
Last night 's second part of Hannity 's interview with Limbaugh really was more a pathetic display of hapless and unhappy impotence .
It has all the usual Limbaugh flourishes .
White Identity Politics :
Limbaugh : The Republican Party is making a big -- the Conservative movement , too , making a big , big mistake in planning for the future .
You hear things like , well , the Republican Party needs to identify the middle class , the Wal - Mart voters , and come up with policies for them .
And then we 've got to come up with policies for Hispanics , because they hate us because of illegal immigration .
That 's the way the Democrats do it .
You put people into groups and then you victimize them .
And give the victims power over the majority .
Because they then have grievances that are nonexistent , and the majority gets cowed into fear , because they do n't want to be complained at , they do n't want to be blamed , so ' OK , OK , you want health care , fine , we 'll go get it . "
[ Did you know that minorities ' grievances were actually nonexistent ?
Neither did I !
Did you know that liberals -- and not racists and gay bashers -- actually victimize the minorities they champion ?
Me neither !
Boy , ya learn something new from Rush each time out , dontcha ? ]
Malarkey Mythos :
Limbaugh : Self interest is different than selfishness .
People working in their own self - interest benefits the family , the neighborhood , the community , the state , the city , the whole bit .
And this is what I think the Republican Party and Conservatism has lost .
The blueprint for landslide electoral victories right there , and the Republican Party and the Conservative movement has just -- they 've washed it away .
Planet Bizarro - Style Projection :
Limbaugh :
And the reason they [ the GOP ] lost huge is because in a contest of group politics , the experts are gonna always get group votes before the pretenders will .
And we were pretenders trying to get the groups .
We gotta get the Hispanics , we gotta be moderate , we gotta prove we can walk across the aisle , the era of Reagan is over .
I never hear Democrats talk about walking across the aisle , never see any of them praise each other or brag about the fact that they do it .
They brag about the Republicans that they destroy .
They brag about the Republican bills , legislation that they defeat .
Hatred of Youth / Pop Culture :
Limbaugh :
The culture -- we 've lost the culture , Sean .
We have lost pop culture .
It is unrealistic to expect the people watching MTV , going to see the rot Hollywood 's putting out , listening to the rot music is today , every four years to go into a voting booth and vote Republican or conservative .
And this is n't even something we have addressed in an electoral way , or a strategic way , but that 's gonna have to be done as well .
Historical Revisionism :
Limbaugh : I get into arguments with people about this .
To this day , FDR is a hero .
And Hoover is the idiot -- Hoover is the guy that broke the country .
If the media wants to prop somebody up , they will do so .
Liberalism in the media -- a series of myths .
... Liberalism cannot deal with the light of truth .
Crass Hypocrisy :
Limbaugh : ' Everybody does it . '
That 's the constant excuse .
' Everybody has sex with their intern .
Everybody leaves a stain on a blue dress .
Everybody -- '
Hannity : If Rush Limbaugh did it , it would be a different story .
[ Hey , everybody gets hooked on Oxycontin and uses their housekeeper as their dealer .
Everybody takes ' boys ' trips to the Caribbean with valises full of illegal Viagra .
Everybody gets divorced three times .
And it was indeed a different story when Rush Limbaugh did it . ]
Outright Delusion :
Limbaugh : He [ Bush ] is a decent man .
He had a reverence for the office .
That 's why he did n't get partisan .
He thought it was irreverent to turn the Oval Office , or the office of the Presidency , into a partisan strategic battleplace .
He just did n't want to do it , he was content to let history be the judge .
I think -- I heard Rove say , I think on your network , that they miscalculated in not firing back on some of these things often enough .
It 's vintage Limbaugh : such an immense avalanche of b-----t that you need a bulldozer to deal with it .
But if you listen carefully , what you hear is the desperate grasping at straws , for which Limbaugh 's customary strawmen are indispensable .
And you hear the rage of powerlessness -- the impotence of the obsolete .
If Conservatives indeed keep following his lead , he 'll lead them all right -- into even further irrelevance .
Which , when you think about it , is where they richly belong .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The selection of rightwing expansionist Binyamin Netanyahu to form the next Israeli government is being greeted with dismay by the Egyptian government , which remembers him for having derailed the Oslo peace process in the late 1990s .
Netanyahu has vowed to abandon negotiations with the Palestinians , and says he will expand the program of Israeli colonization of the Palestinian West Bank .
Since even before Netanyahu ’s coronation was announced , the Israelis had been busy stealing more Palestinian land and planning more colonies on the purloined territory , Netanyahu will just be accelerating an already inexorable process .
Despite today ’s faintly ridiculous attempt in the NYT to depict Netanyahu as a born - again pragmantist , in fact he rejects any withdrawal from the Palestinian West Bank by Israeli squatters , despite Israel ’s commitment to pull back in the Oslo accords .
Since the West Bank looks like Swiss cheese with regard to administration and settlement patterns , there is n’t a Palestinian state to be had there without an extensive Israeli pullback , and Netanyahu has never shown any interest in either pullback or Palestinian state .
Now his people are trying to revive this bizarre idea of giving Jordan some sort of vague authority over the West Bank Palestinians as a way of denying them statehood in their own right .
Jordan ’s government has been under severe pressure to expel the Israeli ambassador over the brutal Gaza campaign , and any such active collaboration with Israel to repress the West Bankers would risk toppling the Hashemite throne .
King Hussein once accused Netanyahu of single - handedly destroying every positive thing the Jordanian monarch had worked for .
Netanyahu is a train wreck for the Middle East .
He is willing to ally with Avigdor Lieberman , an open racist who is gunning for the 20 percent of Israel ’s citizen population that is Palestinian .
Netanyahu wants a war with Iran , and when the Israeli Right wants a war nowadays , they usually want our children to fight and die in it for them .
The 1996 “ Clean Break ” Neoconservative policy paper advocating a war on Iraq was written for Netanyahu .
( They are not satisfied with picking our pockets for their weapons and colonization projects ) .
Netanyahu will further oppress and brutalize the Palestinians , which he will keep in a slave - like condition of statelessness , and from whom he will steal what little property they have left .
Last time he was in office he went around poisoning his enemies , for all the world like the Bulgarian KGB in the old days .
Netanyahu is the devil ’s gift to international terrorism , which his policies will provoke .
Fifty years from now , the turn of Israel to the hard right will be looked back upon as the beginning of the end of Israel , the time when the crucial decisions were made that rendered it impossible for the Israelis to stay in the Middle East in the face of the increasing popular anger Netanyahu will have provoked in 1.5 billion Muslims .
No , Israel cannot be defeated on the battleground .
But the French colons in Algeria were never really defeated on the battleground , either , nor were the thousands of Britons who had ruled India .
More bracing realism from Ben White , the the West Bank .
More immediately , all Americans will have reason to rue Netanyahu ’s return to power , since the American Israel Public Affairs Committee and other elements of the powerful Israel lobbies will pull Congress around to support Likudnik policies in the next few years .
And it wo n’t even be allowed to protest where Netanyahu will take America .
I mean , really , not allowed .
End / ( Not Continued )
Caminante - 2005-11-06
Can you imagine being in a conversation like this ?
You can't , can you ?
xenocide - 2006-05-25
I 'm ending all my conversations with strangers like that from now on .l
sudan no1 - 2006-06-09
wear a condom next time
SharoKham - 2006-06-20
And you do n't even feel guilty because it 's Haley Joel Osment !
Fucking eat it , Sora !
You too , David !
Gurlugon - 2006-09-03
Not HIV , but full blown AIIIIIIIIIIIIDS !!!!
professor_ogenki - 2006-09-26
Loses a star because it can only be funny one time
fluffy - 2007-07-02
- 2007-07-02
It 's been funny for me at least twice now .
blackbetta - 2006-10-23
Yeah , there 's not much left to say , is there , Wilford Brimley ?
Lothar - 2007-08 - 18 Wilford could tell Haley to have some Quaker oatmeal .
" It 's the right thing to do . "
voodoo_pork - 2006-11-14
We missed the rest of the sentence ...
" So I gotta wear a rubber now . "
( Wilford frowns )
keinsignal - 2006-12-07
I respectfully disagree w/ professor o .
This is funny every time .
panipuri - 2007-01-11
Oh man oh man , I watch this once a day
BAC - 2007-01-14
so does he see himself ?
Camonk - 2007-02-11
This is funny a million times .
j lzrd / swift idiot - 2007-02-25
I think I clicked back to that quote like twenty times already , and it still seems funny .
tamago - 2007-06-17
Dead , but here 's a dupe : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9NMwEPf63js&NR=1
Also , Wilford Brimley should have came back with " Yeah ?
Well I have DIABEETUS "
Steebis - 2007-08-10
I think this is just something Walker tells the kids to say to keep that old Buckaroo from molesting them .
Lothar - 2007-09-07
I can't stop laughing at this !
Shotgun Jackson - 2008-12-13
title of this video=1 star
commandocucumber - 2009-04-11
loses a star for giving away the funniiest bit right in the title
lordyam - 2012-04-13
fuck it , its funny
New stone sphere was discovered in Brnjic , 11 miles from Kakanj in Central Bosnia .
Just over 3 feet in diameter it has spherical shape and is built from sandstone .
Archaeological Park : “ Bosnian Pyramid of the Sun ” has registered more than 20 such locations in Bosnia where we have these mysterious , prehistoric phenomenon of stone spheres .
Source : http://www.pyramidsinbosnia.com/latest_news.php?a=74
There are three types of materials that these spheres were built from : sandstone , granite and volcanic stones .
The largest stone sphere found so far in the village Slatina , near Banja Luka .
Eight such spheres , all built from granite were found in Teocak near Tuzla , and individual ones were also found near Vareš , Kakanj , Srebrenik , Konjic , Trn , Mostar , Sanski Most … The largest concentration , with over 40 stone spheres was discovered in Duboki Potok , near Zavidoviæi .
On that location in 2006 , Foundation founded Archaeological Park : ” Bosnian Stone Spheres ” which became tourist attraction .
Besides in Bosnia , stone spheres can be found in South Costa Rica , West Mexico , Easter Islands , central Serbia and couple of other locations .
Foundation team consisting of : Ahmed Bosniæ ( chairman ) , Semir Osmanagiæ ( founder ) , Zajim Ahmetspahiæ ( executive director ) , Amila Omersoftiæ ( member ) , Muhamed Pasiæ and others have visited the location joined by over one hundred local villagers .
Nearby there is an old Ottoman cemetery , several tomb stones ( stecak ) and a very old church – built before Ottomans came here – which just shows a long continuity of life in this area .
Professor Pašiæ took several samples from the sphere itself and the surrounding materials to be analyzed in Kemal Kapetanoviæ institute at Zenica University .
This is just another proof that central Bosnia is an archaeological sensation worldwide and deserves further and detailed exploration .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Top congressional Republicans cautioned Democrats not to rush through a massive stimulus package that lawmakers hope to send to President - elect Barack Obama shortly after he takes office next month .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell wants Congress to holds hearings on the stimulus package .
A House Democratic leadership aide told CNN on Tuesday that Congress will likely take up a stimulus bill the second week of January .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R- Kentucky , said the Congress must prove to taxpayers that the stimulus bill , which some economists suggest could amount to $ 1 trillion , " is not wasting their money . "
" We should have a simple test : will the yet - unwritten , reportedly trillion - dollar spending bill really create jobs and grow the economy -- or will it simply create more government spending , more bureaucrats and deeper deficits ? "
McConnell said in a statement Monday .
McConnell 's $ 1 trillion figure for the stimulus bill may be an overestimate , however .
A top Obama adviser , David Axelrod , told CBS News on Sunday that the Democrats have talked about a stimulus package of $ 675 billion to $ 775 billion , but " those numbers are not fixed , " he said .
And the Democratic aide said House Democrats were still discussing a stimulus package of $ 500 billion to $ 600 billion , but said , " You do n't build a package from the top down -- you see what is needed and then decide on the appropriate number . "
Watch why the economy is the voters ' top concern »
McConnell also called on the Democrats to craft the stimulus package in a bipartisan fashion .
" We need to find the right mix of tax relief and other measures to grow the economy .
This will require the consideration of alternative ideas , public Congressional hearings and transparency -- not a rushed , partisan take - it - or - leave - it approach , " he said .
The House aide , however , said that it may be difficult for lawmakers to hold hearings on the stimulus package because Congress will still be in the process of organizing its committees in January .
The aide also noted that the stimulus package will , in large part , be a much bigger version of a stimulus package that passed the House in September , including " aid to the states , infrastructure spending , emergency food assistance -- and we 've had numerous hearings " on those components .
While saying the GOP was ready to work with congressional Democrats and the incoming Obama administration , the top Republican in the House , Rep. John Boehner , R - Ohio , also warned Democrats against loading the stimulus bill with earmarks .
" The American people are facing tough economic times , and they expect Washington to act -- but we must act in a responsible way that helps get our economy moving again , not with more pork - barrel spending that does nothing but give taxpayers ' money to special interests and campaign contributors , " he said in a statement released Monday .
Citing fears that unjustifiable projects will receive funding in the stimulus bill , Republicans point to an 800 - page report that the U.S. Conference of Mayors sent to Capitol Hill this month that seeks more than $ 73 billion for projects across the country , including a $ 4.8 million polar bear exhibit in Rhode Island and a $ 1.5 million water park ride in Miami , Florida .
But , as the legislation is still being drafted , none of the projects proposed by the conference has been officially included in the stimulus package .
Boehner joined McConnell in demanding that Democrats hold hearings on the stimulus package and said the text of the bill should be posted online before lawmakers vote on the measure .
" Such a massive piece of legislation should be debated in a fair , honest , and open way , " he said .
In place of the Democrats ' plan to spend billions on roads , bridges and other infrastructure projects to spur the economy , Boehner pushed a plan that would increase the child tax credit for families and cut capital gains , small business , and corporate taxes to spark economic growth .
But , with fewer Republicans in the next Congress , Boehner will have little ability to slow down or stop the Democrats if they want to quickly pass a stimulus bill through the House .
Any influence Republicans will have over the stimulus will be in the Senate , where Republicans will still control enough seats in the next Congress to filibuster any legislation the Democrats put forward .
CNN 's Deirdre Walsh and Scott J. Anderson contributed to this report .
All About Mitch McConnell • John Boehner • U.S. Senate
You know , in Left 4 Dead , I often find myself saying , " Hey , self , where are Zoey 's boobs at ? "
Well , Resident Evil 5 has an insta-boob - location feature that always put Sheva 's ta - tas in the frame .
As you can see , not only will the Boob Locator re-center the camera on Sheva 's cans , it will also circle her bazongas with a reticle and then , if you are still unclear as to the precise location of her funbags , it will reposition her knockers in better lighting so that you can always be 100 percent certain of where Sheva 's sweater balloons are at all times .
In the instructions , Capcom says right trigger equals " locate partner . "
Oh , does that mean the " go to Craigslist at 2 am and locate a partner " partner location ?
Advertisement
Resident Evil 5 Boob Locator [ YouTube , thanks Delmar ]
I am dizzied by the fascinating discussions that are still going on in the last few posts .
Until I have time to sort through all these great thoughts and offer a coherent response , I will note one high - level takeaway that I keep coming back to as I follow these discussions :
As I read these detailed back - and - forths about one Bible verse vs. another , examples of bad Christians vs. good Christians , whether or not this or that event really happened , I think of how odd this would all seem to people like my grandfather .
My 92 - year - old grandfather is a kind , humble man and a brilliant engineer .
He worked his way through his college by shoveling coal during the Great Depression .
After receiving his civil engineering degree he went on to oversee the construction of large refineries throughout Mexico and South America for most of his adult life .
Everyone who knows him remarks first about what a wonderful , generous soul he is , and this compliment is usually followed by noting his keen intelligence .
He ’s never been much of a church - goer and we ’d never talked about God or religion , so I ’d always assumed he did n’t believe in God .
One day back when I was still an atheist but starting to actually listen to the Christian point of view without being in “ attack mode ” every time , I casually asked him over dinner if he believed in God .
I was surprised when he said yes .
“ But he ’s so smart ! ” I thought .
When I asked him why , he thought for a moment and said it ’s just always seemed obvious to him that there ’s a purpose to all this life that surrounds us , that it came from somewhere .
As an engineer , he said , he could appreciate the grand system that is the universe , that the order to it all struck him as something that was intended .
When I asked him some tough questions about his faith he would answer , occasionally only with “ I do n’t know , ” but through it all he seemed undisturbed , maybe even a little amused , by all my questions .
I realized he ’s one of those people to whom God has always seemed “ so obvious ” .
The notion that God might not exist would be , to him , like saying gravity does n’t exist .
Whereas to me it had always been “ so obvious ” that God was nowhere to be found , his “ existence ” nothing more than a mental crutch to help people avoid thinking about their own meaninglessness , it intrigued me that someone so intelligent and reasonable would find God ’s existence so…obvious .
I thought about the great men of science like Newton , Galileo , Kepler , Copernicus , Boyle and all the others who believed in God. Even Socrates and co. believed in “ gods ” in some form or another .
When I read about these men and their personalities they often reminded me of my grandfather .
They did n’t cry about Jesus or shout about hellfire and brimstone , but rather they struck me as calm , reasonable men of great intellect to whom the existence of God just seemed to make sense .
But why ?
I always assumed that the reason I did n’t believe in God was because I was a more scientific - type thinker .
My mind simply demanded proof before it would believe a theory to be true .
And as nice as it would be to think that God and Mr. Jesus love me and want me to hang out with them and the pretty angels in heaven , the Christian story just seemed so bizarre and , really , absurd .
These were some wild , often nonsensical claims that these Christians had , and I had not seen any proof that they were true .
But what , I thought , about these great men of science ?
What about my grandfather ?
Would I really be so bold as to say that my mind is more scientific than that of these men ?
Did they not also demand proof for their beliefs ?
I was perplexed .
That question has remained in my mind over the past few years as I ’ve gone on this wild ride of discovering faith .
And now , I think , I finally understand .
When the question of confirmation bias arose in the comments the other day I thought it was a fair point .
I took a moment to examine my beliefs and see if perhaps I was “ seeing ” the results of my faith only because I want to convince myself that I have made a good decision here .
I can say with complete honesty that I do n’t think this is the case .
Of course perhaps my mind is playing another trick on me and I do n’t even realize what ’s going on , but I am being honest when I say that I do n’t think this is a mere psychological mechanism at work here .
But in the process of examining my situation one thing did strike me as odd : I still do n’t believe in the same way a lot of Christians seem to .
I do n’t “ feel ” God , I usually feel like I ’m talking to myself during prayer , a lot of times I ’m really just going through the motions .
( And , boy , “ going through the motions ” of being an orthodox Catholic is quite an endeavor . )
So why do I do it ?
It was then that I realized : because I ’ve seen proof .
It ’s not the sort of proof that I could demonstrate in a laboratory but , to me , it is proof nonetheless .
When I first started reading works by Christian apologists I was quite surprised at how reasonable they were , that their arguments in favor of God and Christ his Son were more involved than the one ’s I ’d always heard ( mainly “ Shut up , ” and the old standby “ You ’re going to hell ” ) .
I decided to take Pascal up on his wager , to follow St. Augustine on his advice to believe so that you might understand , and to just live my life for a while as if God did exist .
The results were striking .
There was no big “ come to Jesus ” moment , and even few times that I could say I “ felt ” that God was there , but it was as if some deep , powerful magnet had been activated within me that began pulling me in one direction .
This mysterious , powerful force was a compelling data point in favor of God ’s existence , but it was n’t proof enough .
After all , it is hard to say objectively whether all the amazing “ coincidences ” that kept happening , all the doors that kept opening were from Something outside of myself or just the sorts of things that had always been there but I ’d overlooked .
But something else started happening as well .
The more I went through the motions of believing in God , the more the world started to make sense to me .
The more I started to make sense to me .
The picture of the world I ’d had based on science alone now seemed incomplete .
I still believed everything I ’d learned from studying chemistry , physics and other sciences , but I now saw a whole other dimension to the world around me .
It was like the difference between looking at a picture of a double - fudge chocolate cake and actually having one in front of me to smell , touch and taste .
Everything I knew before was still there , but I was now experiencing it at a whole different level full of wonder and richness .
I ’d considered my life before this God experiment to be wonderful and full of happiness , but it now seemed disordered , confused and flat in retrospect .
Little lingering “ issues ” faded away ; parts of life that had seemed overwhelming were diffused and put in their proper place ; I saw the psychological harm that certain actions that seemed totally innocuous in my atheist worldview had caused me ; I was finally able to put a name to the deep stirrings within my soul I ’d experience when listening to a profound piece of music or hearing about an act of evil ; I understood why Michelangelo painted the Sistine Chapel , what drove the efforts to build the great cathedrals ; for the first time I felt the staggering depth of my potential as a human , a woman and a mother .
I could go on and on , but you get the idea .
Also , there ’s no reason to detail every single thing that fell into place in my life when I lived as if there were a God since it ’s proof only to me .
I cannot empirically demonstrate that any of this really happened , that it was real and not imagined .
All I can say is that I am not intentionally stating an untruth when I say that my life changed in a radical , profound way , inside and out , when I began giving God ’s existence the benefit of the doubt , and that I am certain it came from something outside of myself .
When I have acted as if God exists , setting aside cynicism and approaching it with humility and an open heart , I have seen the results that you would expect to see if he did exist .
When I have followed the prescription that it is said the Perfect Doctor has prescribed , it has indeed worked to heal , even when I was sure it would n’t .
And I now think I realize how this mysterious God could seem so obvious to so many of the great minds of science , to brilliant men like my grandfather , whose intellects also demand proof .
The laboratory in which the God experiment takes place is within the confines of the individual soul , and others can only observe the results , and not the mechanisms behind them .
I cannot speak to the experience of former believers who saw no fruits of their belief in God other than to say that , based on my own experience , I have to wonder if they were conducting the experiment correctly , approaching it with humility and an open heart .
Because for me , and perhaps for all those believers among the ranks of the great minds of history , we also demand proof .
And we have seen it .
RELATED POSTS
Related
" ... and Stacie and me were at the mall just now , and we found the cutest little tops , I swear to God you 'll just die when you see them , and she told me that Rhonda told her that she overheard Rachel telling Becky that Rachel 's husband had to sleep on the sofa the entire week because it was her birthday and she was really looking forward to getting the diamond pendant she 'd been hinting about all year , but instead he gives her this big ugly upright vacuum cleaner , I swear it looked like something out of Star Wars , and then Becky said that 's nothing , let me tell you about the time Brad bought her the edible underwear for their anniversary , and ... "
The things we put up with , Dimitri P .
Photo #23796 Copyright © 2005 p. roullard
Hadrurus anzaborrego - Scorpion under UV light at night -
Anza -Borrego Desert State Park , Palm Canyon Campground , San Diego County , California , USA
June 30 , 2005
Size : Approx 3 "
This is scorpion hunting at its best !
My wife found this huge guy in the Palm Canyon campground .
A great place to scorpion hunt .
I had time enough to go back and get my camera while the scorpion tried to sting the beetle .
Japan sewage yields more gold than top mines
( Agencies )
Updated : 2009-02-01 14:35
TOKYO – Resource - poor Japan just discovered a new source of mineral wealth -- sewage .
A sewage treatment facility in central Japan has recorded a higher gold yield from sludge than can be found at some of the world 's best mines .
An official in Nagano prefecture , northwest of Tokyo , said the high percentage of gold found at the Suwa facility was probably due to the large number of precision equipment manufacturers in the vicinity that use the yellow metal .
The facility recently recorded finding 1,890 grams of gold per tonne of ash from incinerated sludge .
That is a far higher gold content than Japan 's Hishikari Mine , one of the world 's top gold mines , owned by Sumitomo Metal Mining , which contains 20 - 40 grams of the precious metal per tonne of ore .
The prefecture is so far due to receive 5 million yen ( 39,075 pounds ) for the gold , minus expenses .
It expects to earn about 15 million yen for the fiscal year to the end of March from the gold it has retrieved from the ashes of incinerated sludge .
" How much we actually receive will depend on gold prices at the time , " the official said .
Some gold industry officials expect prices this year to top the all - time high above $ 1,030 per ounce set in 2008 , on buying by investors worried about the deepening economic downturn .
Desde el año pasado a la fecha han detenido a más de 100 miembros de células de los Beltrán , de Sinaloa ,  Los Zetas ,  La Familia  y hasta de grupos colombianos .
La inmensidad de la urbe facilita a capos y sicarios camuflarse y moverse con libertad , gracias a la complicidad policiaca , según la PGR
francisco.gó[ email protected ]
El cártel de los hermanos Beltrán Leyva se fijó como objetivo controlar todo el Distrito Federal y zonas aledañas , zona codiciada por todos los cárteles de la droga que igual buscan posesionarse y controlar operaciones desde aquí a través de la instalación de células o grupos de exterminio que alcancen la supremacía sobre sus rivales en el narcotráfico .
Bajo esa intención , la Procuraduría General de la República ( PGR ) tiene documentada la presencia de capos y sicarios ligados a los hermanos Beltrán Leyva , que igual que miembros de Los Zetas , el cártel de Sinaloa , La Familia e inclusive organizaciones colombianas , buscan asentarse de lleno en la ciudad de México y sus alrededores .
En el caso de los Beltrán Leyva , los informes de la PGR contenidos en la averiguación previa PGR / SIEDO / UEIDCS /023/2008 revelan que esa organización intentó en 2008 , después de su rompimiento con el cártel de Sinaloa , instalar diversas células de sicarios para imponer su control y lanzar operaciones desde la capital .
“ Veníamos para apoderarnos del control del Distrito Federal ” y “ trabajamos para Arturo Beltrán Leyva ” , dijeron Ignacio Armendáriz Gutiérrez Jonathan Viveros González , respectivamente , dos de los 11 sicarios del cártel de los Beltrán Leyva detenidos el 23 de enero de 2008 con uno de los mayores arsenales asegurados al narcotrafico en la historia del combate a las drogas , luego de diversos cateos de policías federales en casas de seguridad que del citado grupo en Coyoacán , San Ángel y El Pedregal .
La detención de esa célula se produjo casi simultáneamente con el arresto en Culiacán , Sinaloa , de Alfredo Beltrán Leyva , El Mochomo , y cuando se planeaba — según el expediente PGR / SIEDO / UEIDCS/241/2008 — , de hecho apenas unas horas después de ello y cuando se planeaba el rescate de las instalaciones del hermano menor de los Beltrán Leyva de las instalaciones de la Subprocuraduría de Investigación Especializada en Delincuencia Organizada ( SIEDO ) .
Por su infraestructura y servicios , el DF es una zona codiciada desde siempre por los cárteles de la droga que han instalado casas de seguridad ubicadas en barriadas , fraccionamientos y hasta en mansiones en zonas exclusivas , para que sus jefes no sólo cuenten con sitios seguros sino también como lugares habilitados para realizar operaciones de drogas , concentración de sus sicarios , bodegas de armas , acopio de dinero y otros usos .
Igual , por su inmensidad la ciudad de México permite a los capos y sicarios del narcotráfico camuflarse y moverse con toda libertad , o bien con complicidad policiaca , para acudir a centros comerciales , restaurantes , adquirir inmuebles , o cerrar transacciones de dinero , de acuerdo con diversas investigaciones y capturas realizadas por la PGR y autoridades policiacas del Distrito Federal .
De esa complicidad con policías del DF hablan los reportes a cateos de las casas de los Beltrán Leyva .
“ En dos hojas tamaño carta se contiene manuscrito con el encabezado Nomina DF , Mandos PJ : Mc Gregor , D. Anda , Jacobo , Oscar , Román , Homicidios , Caballo ; Elementos ; Mandos SSP : Sub Director Motos , Jefe Zona Tapiz ; 10 motocicletas , 11 elementos de asuntos internos y un jefe , y diversas cantidades , escritos al parecer con bolígrafo de tinta color negra y azul ” , según el primero de los expedientes antes citados .
Tan sólo en 2008 y lo que va de este año , se detuvo en la ciudad de México y en municipios conurbados a más de cien sicarios e integrantes de células de diversos cárteles de la droga .
Entre los más importantes casos destacan la captura de Jesús El Rey Zambada en Lindavista junto con agentes policiacos federales , capitalinos y del estado de México , el arresto en una casa del Desierto de los Leones de una célula del capo colombiano Mauricio Fino Restrepo , El Gaviota , y 14 personas más ; la detención del sicarios de Los Zetas , Alfredo Rangel Buendía , el L - 46 , y seis cómplices más en la colonia Del Valle .
Captura de célula de los Beltrán Leyva A las 9:50 horas del día 21 de enero de 2008 inició el movimiento para ubicar a los sicarios de los Beltrán Leyva , cuando se recibió una llamada anónima en el Centro Nacional de Denuncias Ciudadanas , según el folio 758481/2008 .
Un hombre acusó a los ocupantes de varias camionetas de obstruir las salidas de su casa en la calle Reina , en la Colonia San Ángel Inn .
“ Se estacionan camionetas de lujo , que estorban las entradas y salidas , así como el tránsito local de la calle , y al pedirles que se retiren nos han amenazado con armas de fuego ” , dijo el quejoso .
La denuncia dio paso a la presencia en la zona de agentes federales que la madrugada del 22 de enero ubicaron una camioneta Equinox , blanca con placas 653 - UDT del DF , tripulada por un hombre que la estacionó frente al citado de Reina número Uno .
Al descender el tripulante de la unidad , los federales observaron que portaba un arma de fuego y le marcaron el alto precisamente cuando baja dos maletas deportivas , en una de las cuales asomaba el cañón de un arma larga .
El incidente con los vecinos de la zona y que se tradujo finalmente en el operativo que culminó con la captura de 11 cómplices de los Beltrán Leyva en esa casa y otras cinco más .
Drugs and Violent Crime Threatening Caribbean
Drug Trade , Violent Crime Threatening Caribbean Nations , Says Ban
New York , Feb 9 2009 5:10 PM
Despite the Caribbean region ’s natural assets , it is beset by ills such as drug trafficking and violent crime , Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon said today .
He said he was struck by the beauty of the islands and the warmth of the people when visiting the Caribbean two years ago , but “ these natural assets stand in stark contrast to some of the region ’s ills , ” he noted in an address to the opening of the fifth general meeting of the United Nations and the Caribbean Community ( CARICOM ) and its associated institutions in New York .
“ You know all too well that geopolitical realities leave the region vulnerable to destructive forces , ” Mr. Ban said .
The Caribbean is the midway point between illicit drug producers in the South and consumers in the North , he said , with profits from the drug trade often dwarfing the legal economies of CARICOM countries .
“ With that trade comes violent crime , ” the Secretary - General pointed out .
The region is said to have the highest per capita murder rates in the world and drug trafficking also undermines the rule of law and democratic governance .
“ We must address this scourge while paying special attention to those who are vulnerable to getting caught in the web of drug crimes , ” he said , adding that collaboration between CARICOM and the UN Office on Drugs and Crime ( UNODC ) will be crucial .
Mr. Ban ’s address today also touched on the impact of global warming on Caribbean nations which threatens “ not only their economic viability but even , in some cases , their very existence . ”
Experts predict that hurricanes will become both more frequent and severe , threatening the tourism industry , which comprises up to half the gross domestic product of many small island developing States .
“ The link between achieving economic prosperity and preserving ecosystems and natural resources is obvious to all Caribbean countries , ” the Secretary - General said , urging CARICOM nations to continue pushing for action on sustainable development .
ends
© Scoop Media
Apple has irked more than a few iPhone app developers by rejecting their creations for inclusion in the App Store , sometimes for reasons that seem to have little sense .
The company wo n't reveal much about its mysterious and often seemingly - arbitrary process ( representatives did n't respond to multiple requests to comment on this story ) , but we had no problem tracking down developers whose apps had been snubbed .
So cue the 2 Live Crew , smart - phone fanatics :
We 're delving into 10 iPhone apps banned in the U.S.A. and beyond .
1. Obama Trampoline
Swamiware 's Obama Trampoline game , rejected by Apple this month , lets you place one of 18 politicians onto a giant trampoline , then use his or her body to pop balloons floating across the screen .
Barack Obama , John McCain , and other politicians from both parties were among the character choices .
" It 's cartoony , " says Swamiware President and CEO Patrick Alphonso , hoping to deflate any implications of disrespect .
" It 's a game . "
Apple , of course , did n't see the fun , and the game did n't get in .
Swamiware is now working on retooling Trampoline for another try , but the guesswork is leaving its team less than elated .
" We spent a lot of time and money on this product , " Alphonso says .
" It sucks to develop an app and get it rejected for reasons that you were n't aware of . "
2. MyShoe
The journalist who chucked his shoe at President George W. Bush missed his mark , and so too did an iPhone game based on the now - infamous incident .
MyShoe , conceived by a Pakistan - based programmer , turned the iPhone 's accelerometer into an apparatus for imaginary footwear - flinging .
The developer has been quoted as saying the game also let you take aim at Bin Laden and other public figures .
Even so , it appears that Apple wanted to dodge the controversy , with its reviewers citing the App Store 's rule against " ridiculing public figures " and flinging this idea right into the trash .
3. I Am Poor
You probably remember the ill - fated ( and , most would say , ill - inspired ) I Am Rich application .
The $ 1000 function - free program -- all it did was place a silly , shiny icon on your screen - - got snubbed out just days after its debut .
Grabbing less attention , though , was the far more affordable alternative , I Am Poor .
" It was the poor man 's I Am Rich , " explains developer Hardy Macia of Catamount Software , perhaps better known for its Prohibition 2 : The Dope Wars game , also rejected by the App Store .
Priced at 99 cents , I Am Poor placed images of ramen noodles , tuna , and mac - and - cheese onto your humble home screen .
Apple , however , did n't find the idea appetizing and slapped a " no user functionality " stamp on it .
" Their policies and approval are shrouded in mystery , " Macia says .
" Whenever an app is submitted , it seems like playing Russian roulette . "
4. The South Park App
If anyone 's accustomed to battling censorship , it 's " South Park " creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone .
The same guys who made The Guinness Book of World Records for squeezing 399 cuss words into a single movie have just given up their fight to get into the App Store .
" After a couple of attempts to get the application approved , we are sad to say that our app has been rejected , " the duo explains .
" According to Apple , the content was ' potentially offensive . ' "
The app would have allowed iPhone users to access episode clips , read South Park news , and grab wallpaper and other South Park - related downloadables .
Some of this content , we gather , contains some R- rated words or concepts .
But then again so do the South Park episodes Apple already sells in its iTunes store .
One glimmer of hope for anyone waiting on a mobile Mr. Hankey : Parker and Stone say that Apple told them its standards could " evolve " over time .
Hey , maybe by the year 2014 , images acceptable on cable television will be allowed on mobile devices , too .
Maybe .
5. Pull My Finger
Another app found to be full of hot air was Air - O - Matic 's Pull My Finger - - you know , the adolescent - aimed emulator of flatulent tones .
( That 's the technical description , anyway ) .
When Apple first caught wind of the concept , it said no thanks .
Right away , the app's originators sensed something did n't smell right .
" Their reasons for banning us really did n't add up , " says developer Sam Magdalein .
Apple initially said Pull My Finger had " limited utility , " Magdalein remembers , then went on to explain that it might offend some of the iPhone 's more sophisticated overseas shoppers .
" After that , they pretty much stopped talking to us or returning e-mail and voicemail , " Magdalein recalls .
A month later , Apple reconsidered .
A rep told Magdalein inspectors had been caught off - guard with this " genre " of apps and had needed to carefully consider which submissions should be approved .
Pull My Finger was in , then , and it did n't take long for the app to propel its way into the store 's list of bestselling items .
Featured Entries
Welcome to Create As September ushers in the change of seasons , we can be forgiven for waxing nostalgic about other Septembers .
Ones where better things happened .
Ones that stick in our memories as good times , times we 'd rather be in .
Share your memories with us this September .
September 2020 Create Challenge : Try to Remember
Enlarge By Dawn Villella , AP Dorothy Delegard gets some instruction from home theater salesperson Todd Tibesar on how to set up her digital TV converter box Tuesday , Feb. 17 , 2009 at the Best Buy store in Richfield , Minn .
Even though Congress delayed the switch from analog TV to digital until June , many stations are switching over to digital on Tuesday .
Tibesar said he thinks most people are ready for the switch .
CONVERTER BOX COUPONS COMING SOON CONVERTER BOX COUPONS COMING SOON Consumers with older analog TV sets should be able to receive coupons within weeks to help defray the cost of converter boxes for the nationwide switch to digital television signals , the government said Tuesday .
Money for the $ 40 coupons ran out earlier this year .
But with President Obama 's signature on the economic stimulus bill , the government can clear its coupon waiting list of more than 4 million coupons in 2 to 3 weeks of receiving the money , the National Telecommunications Information Administration said Tuesday .
About 2.4 million households are waiting , the NTIA says .
The USA 's switch to an all - digital TV format began in earnest Tuesday , with 421 stations making the change in advance of the June 12 deadline .
All of the broadcasters that switched are in smaller markets , or parts of markets .
Stations had until midnight to make the jump .
By midday , there were no reports of major problems , says Shermaze Ingram , a spokeswoman at the National Association of Broadcasters .
" No news is certainly good news in this situation , " she says .
Broadcasters are required to shift to an all - digital TV , or DTV , format by June 12 .
Only over - the - air TV signals are affected by the shift .
Cable and satellite TV customers are n't affected .
The original transition date was Tuesday , but it was recently pushed back to give consumers and the government more time to prepare .
There are 1,759 full - power stations nationwide .
TV stations had the option to stick to the original date , providing the Federal Communications Commission agreed .
Prior to Tuesday , more than 200 stations had already made the switch , with few problems overall , Ingram notes .
Consider Fort Myers , Fla. , where four stations , including WINK , made the switch .
" Since we pulled the plug around 12:10 p.m. , we 've had 32 calls , " Wayne Simons , WINK 's president and general manager , said about two hours after the switch .
Over the past two weeks , the station received more than 1,400 calls and e-mails from viewers who wanted to know more about the coming switch .
Fort Myers ' experience — no major hitches but plenty of calls — was repeated in other markets .
That 's not to say that the transition was easy for everybody .
In Cape Coral , west of Fort Myers , Janice Nagorka , 74 , and Troy Noll , her 44 - year - old housemate , spent a week trying to get a converter box hooked up to their kitchen TV .
On Tuesday , the pair hired a professional installer .
Nagorka and Noll both use wheelchairs and walkers to get around .
As a result , Nagorka says , abandoning TV was not an option .
" We do n't go anywhere .
We can't afford it , " Nagorka says .
" Our only entertainment is TV . " Contributing : Laura Ruane of The News - Press in Fort Myers , Fla .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
David Kopel , December 28 , 2008 at 7:13 pm ]
Trackbacks
Is There a Relationship between Guns and Freedom ?
Comparative Results from 59 Nations :
The near - final version of this forthcoming article from the Texas Review of Law & Politics is now available on SSRN .
I wrote the article with Carl Moody and Howard Nemerov .
Here 's the abstract :
There are 59 nations for which data about per capita gun ownership are available .
This Article examines the relationship between gun density and several measures of freedom and prosperity : the Freedom House ratings of political rights and civil liberty , the Transparency International Perceived Corruption Index , the World Bank Purchasing Power Parity ratings , and the Heritage Foundation Index of Economic Freedom .
The data suggest that the relationships between gun ownership rates and these other measures are complex .
The data show that ( although exceptions can be found ) the nations with the highest rates of gun ownership tend to have greater political and civil freedom , greater economic freedom and prosperity , and much less corruption than other nations .
The relationship only exists for high - ownership countries .
Countries with medium rates of gun density generally scored no better or worse than countries with the lowest levels of per capita gun ownership .
I blogged on VC about an earlier draft of this paper last spring .
As is usually the case , VC commenters offered a variety of useful comments , which made the final paper better .
Rich men are rushing to get divorced as the worsening economic situation forces them to reassess their married lives , leading divorce lawyers and marriage therapists say .
Unprecedented numbers of men who have either been made redundant , or fear their jobs may go , are suddenly splitting from their partners because they know they will likely be asked to pay out smaller settlements if they are no longer earning big money .
Others going through marriage breakdowns are being forced to continue living with their estranged partners as the property market crash means they cannot sell their houses .
Some women are even trying to make sure they divorce their partners before the credit crunch bites to save their homes from the debt collectors .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Vanessa Lloyd - Platt , a leading divorce lawyer , said her firm had been inundated this year by clients who were desperate to get a divorce , many citing the recession as a reason .
" January and February are normally busy times for divorce lawyers but I 've never seen anything like this , " she said .
" We 've come across so many cases where husbands have simply disappeared after Christmas , then resurfaced wanting a divorce .
Many have been made redundant and want to rush through a divorce before they get a new job so they might not have to pay out as much .
We are seeing an epidemic of that . "
Recessions often herald as many tumultuous social changes as financial ones .
This time , the effect on Britain 's marriages could be profound .
One in four children in Britain already have divorced parents but the number of splits could rocket as marriages buckle under financial pressure .
" We 're seeing unprecedented levels of divorce , " Mrs Lloyd - Platt said .
" This recession has been a staggering leveller that has forced people to really look at their lives and ask themselves what 's important . "
Francine Kaye , a divorce therapist who goes by the name of the " Divorce Doctor " , said : " The economic situation is clearly already having a profound effect on married life .
Many people who want to divorce simply can't afford to because they can't sell their properties .
I have one client trapped in a £ 1 m house in Chelsea with her husband because they can't get the right price for it .
They 've even marked which rooms they can use and have specific times for using the communal areas so they do n't have to see each other .
It 's terribly tragic . "
Denise Cedar , a psychologist and life coach , said she had also been inundated with clients since the new year .
" I can honestly say that I have never in my career of 25 years been so busy , " she said .
" There is huge social change going on in Britain .
People seem to be waking up and initiating the sort of lifestyle change that they had never considered before . "
She added : " I 've had so many couples where the husband has been made redundant and suddenly the wife realises the only reason she was hanging on to the marriage was because of the lifestyle . "
Lawyers in Scotland say they are seeing a surge in " divorce tourism " where wealthy men are issuing proceedings north of the Borders because the terms are often better for husbands than in England .
Silly ?
Shocking ?
Profound ?
Click the smiley to vote it up !
:) 193 links shirt pubic hair Show actual « Korean » 음모 Conspiracy Conspiracy links shirt
:) 164 links shirt ass Show actual « Czech » osel , blbec , drzost , mrd , prdel , šoust jackass , moron , wiseness , ass , ass , ass jackass , moron , wiseness , ass , ass , ass links shirt
:) 188 links shirt I am disgusted by your actions you baugette Show actual « Norwegian » JEG er lede av din aksjonene du baugette I 'm be in charge at din actions you baugette I 'm be in charge at din actions you baugette by youfaggot links shirt
:) 192 links shirt suck my cock Show actual « Japanese » 私の雄ん鶏を吸いなさ い
My male it is inhale the chicken
My male it is inhale the chicken links shirt
:) 211 links shirt
These boots are made for walking Show actual « Welsh » Hyn botasau gwneir achos yn cerdded
This boots one does because walking
This boots one does because walking links shirt
:) 229 links shirt A long time ago in a galaxy far , far away ....
Show actual « Latin »
Diu in a galaxy recedentia , recedentia absentis .
By day upon a galaxy retreat , retreat absent .
By day upon a galaxy retreat , retreat absent .
by The Rebel links shirt
:) 226 links shirt Let 's play some video games .
Show actual « Latin »
Let 's lascivio nonnullus video venatus .
Let 's to run riot some to see game .
Let 's to run riot some to see game .
by The Rebel links shirt
:) 201 links shirt Dear Lord !
That 's the loudest profanity I 've ever heard !
Show actual « Croatian » Mio Gospodar !
Taj bučan ono što je profano I 've ikada čuti !
Winsome Master !
This bučan profanity I 've once listen with both ears !
Winsome Master !
This bučan profanity I 've once listen with both ears !
links shirt
:) 223 links shirt
And his name is John Cena !
Show actual « Czech » A jeho jméno is Jan Cena !
PLUS his title is Lavatory Worth !
PLUS his title is Lavatory Worth !
links shirt
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
When planets transit their star , they block out light - like Mercury above
The smallest planet yet found outside the Solar System has been detected by a French space telescope .
The rocky world is less than twice the size of Earth .
Only a handful of planets have so far been found with a mass comparable to Earth , Venus , Mars or Mercury .
The discovery was made by Corot , an orbiting observatory with a 27 cm - diameter telescope to search for planets orbiting other stars .
About 330 of these " exoplanets " have been discovered so far .
But most of them have been gas giants similar to Jupiter or Neptune .
" For the first time , we have unambiguously detected a planet that is ' rocky ' in the same sense as our own Earth , " said Malcolm Fridlund , Corot project scientist from the European Space Agency ( Esa ) .
" We now have to understand this object further to put it into context , and continue our search for smaller , more Earth - like objects with Corot , " he added .
The new find , Corot - Exo - 7b , orbits its Sun - like star once every 20 hours .
Although very close to Earth in terms of width , its mass is several times that of our own planet .
Because the planet is so close to its parent star , its temperature is between 1,000 and 1,500C - far too hot to support life .
Rock v gas
The vast majority of exoplanets have been discovered using the radial velocity method .
This looks for spectral signs that a star is wobbling due to gravitational tugs from an orbiting planet .
But the method favours the detection of large planets orbiting close to its parent star .
Astronomers detected the new planet as it crossed the face of the distant " sun " , dimming the star 's light as it passed in front .
This is known as the transit method .
Ian Roxburgh , professor of astronomy at Queen Mary , University of London , said the transit method still favoured the detection of big planets , because they blocked out more light from the parent star .
But he added that if you had a small star - as this one is - then a moderate - sized planet would block out enough light to be detected by telescopes .
Professor Roxburgh told BBC
News there appeared to be another planet orbiting the same " sun " - a Neptune - sized gas giant .
Advanced science instruments aboard future spacecraft , such as the proposed European Plato mission , could find many more Earth - mass planets orbiting Sun - like stars .
The Corot mission is led by the French space agency ( CNES ) , with contributions from Esa , Austria , Belgium , Germany , Spain and Brazil .
Its main objectives are to search for exoplanets and to study the interiors of stars .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
World 's richest countries have pledged nearly $ 18bn to help poorer countries adapt to climate change , but less than $ 1bn has been disbursed
Developing countries have received less than 10 % of the money promised by rich countries to help them adapt to global warming , an analysis by the Guardian has found .
The failure is fostering deep distrust between rich and poor nations and is seriously undermining key negotiations on a global climate deal .
The world 's richest countries have together pledged nearly $ 18 bn ( £ 12.5 bn ) in the last seven years , but despite world leaders ' rhetoric that the finance is vital , less than $ 0.9bn has been disbursed and long delays are plaguing many funds .
The lack of action is causing growing concern among diplomats and UN climate talks negotiators who have warned that a global agreement on climate change to succeed the Kyoto treaty is at risk if rich countries do not make the money available .
" It 's a scandal .
The amount the developed countries have provided is peanuts .
It is poisoning the UN negotiations .
What [ the rich countries ] offer to the poorest is derisory , the equivalent of one banker 's bonus .
It 's an insult to people who are already experiencing increasingextreme events , " said Bernarditas Muller of the Phillippines , the chief negotiator for the G77 and China group of developing countries .
The analysis has found that the poorest countries have received the least help from the rich .
The UN's Least developed countries fund has disbursed only $ 47 m in seven years .
The analysis , based on data collected by the independent Overseas Development Institute in London and confirmed by the UN , has also found :
• Britain has pledged nearly $ 1.5 bn but has so far deposited under $ 0.3bn
• Africa , the poorest continent , has received less than 12 % of all the climate fund money spent in the last four years
• It can take poor countries more than three years to access money
• Most of the money promised for climate change comes out of official aid budgets , leaving less for health , education and poverty action
According to the UN , $ 50 - 70 bn a year needs to be invested immediately to help the poor countries adapt to extreme floods , droughts and heatwaves , with much more needed later .
" I recognise the frustration .
Contributions to funds have been disappointingly low and the least developed countries have received very little .
Without significant finance you will not get developing country engagement [ in negotiations ] .
Funding is key to unlocking an outcome for the talks , " said Yvo de Boer , head of UN Framework Convention on Climate change ( UNFCC ) , which oversees the talks .
Rich countries have accepted their moral responsibility for global warming , and are legally obliged by the Kyoto protocol to provide finance to poor countries to tackle climate change - but there is no enforcement or targets .
" The situation is becoming very serious .
The sums are ridiculously small and whole system has broken down .
The financial commitments are weak and there is a great gap between the promises and the reality .
It is very risky for the UN negotiations and for mankind , " said the Juan Lozano Ramirez , the Colombian environment minister .
So far 12 rich countries , led by the UK , Germany , Japan and the US , have pledged $ 6.1 bn to two climate investment funds administered by the World Bank .
But no money has been deposited in them and any money available will be in the form of loans , not grants , with stringent conditions on how the money is spent .
A pilot project for eight countries has been announced but no money is likely to be disbursed for nearly a year .
The bank has set up four other climate funds but no money has been deposited in them .
In the current economic crisis , analysts believe rich countries are likely to use delaying tactics and it could be several years before deposits are made .
Poor countries do not want the World bank to administer money pledged for them , as they perceive it to be run in the interests of rich nations .
The second major source of funds is the UN , which through its financial arm - the Global Environment Facility ( GEF ) - distributes nearly $ 250 m a year to poor countries for climate change projects .
Nearly one - third of the $ 760 m distributed in the last three years , has gone to China , India and Brazil .
Less than $ 100 m of this has gone to projects in the world 's 49 poorest countries .
Criticism centres on the GEF - administered Least - Developed Countries Fund ( LCDF ) .
In seven years , rich countries have deposited $ 172 m for this but only $ 47 m has been disbursed , mostly in very small grants .
A seperate climate adaptation fund for the poorest countries set up in 2002 has only financed 22 projects , together worth $ 50 m .
Bonizella Biagini , a spokesman for the GEF said : " The LCDF was set up in 2001 but the UNFCCC only decided how to operationalise it in 2005 .
We expect at least 12 projects to be endorsed in 2009 , on top of the three that have already reached that stage .
To implement a project requires time to sharpen the problem statement , negotiate partnerships and prepare on the ground implementation .
Clearly there is insufficient money to cover the needs for adaptation in the least developed countries . "
A third source of climate funds are " bilateral agreements " , between individual countries .
Japan has pledged more than $ 10bn of official aid over five years but has so far deposited nothing .
Spain has promised $ 528 m but released only $ 85 m .
Norway , Germany , Australia and others have also pledged but released very little .
A spokesman for CSRL , a coalition of 70 Bangladeshi environment groups , expressed concerns on hard it is to release the funds : " Climate change financing is inadequate and complex .
Of 15 projects that Bangladesh designed in 2005 , only one has been approved by the GEF but this will only receive a US $ 3.1 m .
A co-financer will have to be found to finance the rest . "
Alison Doig , a climate spokesperson for Christian Aid , said : " The money available for the poor is a fraction of the annual cost of climate change already happening in developing countries and less than 1 % of the $ 2.8 trillion committed by rich countries to rescuing banks and stimulating economic growth .
Diverting funds from development assistance to fight climate change means that the poor suffer twice .
The funds are too small and not directed to the most vulnerable .
So the poor are left to suffer , and there is less in the pot for poverty reduction actions . "
Britain has pledged more than any other country except Japan .
It has promised £ 800 m in loans for the World Bank 's environmental transformation fund , £ 50 m to protect the Congo basin forests and £ 75 m to help Bangladesh adapt .
But no payments are believed to have have reached recipients yet .
In addition it has paid $ 250 m for climate change funds for 2006 - 10 .
A spokesman for the UK Department for International Development said : " It is the world 's poorest who suffer most and we expect the UK 's first contribution to global climate change funds to take place imminently .
Progress to date has been ahead of plan - at the end of January , Mexico , Egypt and Turkey were given the green light to apply for funding for clean technology projects and a further eight developing countries were offered funding for adaptation . "
" People are feeling the effects of climate change now .
We are very willing to do more , but it needs the rich to show more willing " , said Muller .
BEARD HATS : BEARD BEANIES : KNIT BEARD ACCESSORIES
At Beard Head , we make knit beard beanies , beard hats , and beard face masks that keep you warm and will make you smile !
Our collection of award winning designs , including our epic Barbarian Beard Heads , our Stubble Collection , and our adorable kid beard hats have been sold across the world , and featured on hit TV shows like Shark Tank and The Tonight Show !
As the original creators of the Beard Head , and the largest and most trusted beard hat brand in the world , we will continue to provide the absolute best quality beard hats , best and most interesting beard designs , and the greatest customer care in the industry .
When coming up with our unique beard hat designs , we listen closely to our customers and fans to determine what we should make next .
That feedback , combined with our extensive knitting and crocheting experience and love for everything beard - related , allows us to make our beard beanie collection one of the most wanted winter accessories of 2020 !
Steele on civil unions : ' Are you crazy ? '
In response to a question from radio host Mike Gallagher today , RNC chairman Michael Steele took a hard , dismissive line against civil unions -- which have increasingly become a fallback , compromise position for blue - state Republicans and others who oppose same - sex marriage .
" Do you favor civil unions ? " Gallagher asked :
STEELE : No , no no .
What would we do that for ?
What are you crazy ?
No .
Why would we backslide on a core , founding value of this country .
I mean this is n't something that you just kind of like , " Oh well , today I feel , you know , loosey - goosey on marriage . "
I mean , this is a foundational principle of this country .
It is a foundational principle of organized society .
It is n't something that , you know , in America we decided , " Let 's make it between a man and a woman ; oh well now , let 's change our mind and make it between anyone and anyone . "
No. GALLAGHER : So no room even for a conversation about civil unions , in your mind ?
STEELE : What 's the difference ?
GALLAGHER : Well , you 're not calling it marriage .
STEELE : Is it ?
GALLAGHER : I do n't know .
I mean , I ... I ... STEELE : I mean , like Sarah Palin said , you put lipstick on a pig , it 's still a pig .
NB : As close watchers of the 2008 presidential election may vaguely recall , Palin was n't the one who said that .
Transcript continues after the jump .
GALLAGHER : Yeah yeah yeah , but the argument that Sean Penn is making , and I agree that this is , the squeky wheel does n't have to get the grease and there 's not a state that says , we favor redefining marriage as anything other than one man and one woman .
But there are a lot of people who say , " but yet , this country is n't a country that wants to discriminate against two people if they 're in a committed relationship .
We do n't want to deny them benefits , we do n't want to deny them opportunities . "
STEELE : Ok , but wait a minute .
Is it going to -- what is it ?
Is it going to you want the benefits or you want something else ?
If you want the benefits , there 's a little thing called contract law , you 've got power of attorney .
There 's a whole number of ways in which two individuals can care for each other and look out for each other without having to put the impramatur of marriage on their forehead .
GALLAGHER : right right .
STEELE : So , I do n't understand why you need to weaken an institution that is a foundational institution of not just America , of mankind .
I mean this is something that as human beings , we have organized ourselves around .
This thing called a family unit .
This is how we 've defined it .
And , sure , things have changed over the years .
And , sure , you know , gays adopt and all this other ... but when you go to that foundational principle of marriage and you 're now saying , " well , you know , we 're going to backslide away from that . "
What are you saying as a society of people ?
What are you saying as human beings ?
I do n't ... I guess that 's the question that we 're going to debate , but all due respect to Sean Penn , I just , you know , I disagree with that view .
I do n't think there 's hate in it .
I do n't think there 's discrimination .
It 's just a core , foundational principle of our society that this what we believe and this is what we adhere to .
[ / caption ]
The X - ray instrument on board the Chandrayaan - 1 spacecraft orbiting the moon was switched on and successfully detected its first X - ray signature from the moon .
The C1XS X - ray camera , ( pronounced like “ kicks ” ) detected the X - ray signal from a region near the Apollo landing sites on December 12th 2008 at 02:36 UT .
The solar flare that caused the X - ray fluorescence was exceedingly weak , approximately 20 times smaller than the minimum C1XS was designed to detect , which is good news for the sensitivity of the instrument .
“ C1XS has exceeded expectations as to its sensitivity and has proven by its performance that it is the most sensitive X - ray spectrometer of its kind in history , ” said Ms. Shyama Narendranath , Instrument Operations Scientist at the Indian Space Research Organisation ( ISRO ) .
The instrument will help map out the composition of the Moon in much greater detail than has ever been done , and could help settle a long - running debate about how the Moon formed .
The leading theory of how the Moon was created is that a Mars - sized object slammed into the Earth early in its history , creating our orbiting moon .
A better accounting of the Moon ’s makeup is needed to solidify the theory .
A few other spacecraft , like Chandra have taken X - ray images of the moon , but X - ray imaging from Earth is impossible because our atmosphere cuts out X - rays from space .
The C1XS will work by looking at the X - rays from our sun that have been absorbed by atoms in the lunar soil , then re-emitted in such a way as to reveal the chemistry of the surface .
The spectrometer is sensitive to magnesium , aluminium and silicon x-rays .
The X - ray camera collected 3 minutes of data from the Moon just as the flare started and the camera finished its observation .
The signal reveals the X - ray fingerprint of a part of the lunar surface .
As the mission continues , C1XS will build up a detailed picture of the ingredients that have gone into the Moon .
Barry Kellett , instrument scientist from the UK’s Science and Technologies Facilities Council said , “ Despite the small quantity of data , our initial analysis and modeling shows that C1XS has identified the chemistry of this area of the Moon . ”
The instrument was jointly developed by the UK’s STFC Rutherford Appleton Laboratory and ISRO .
Professor Richard Holdaway , Director of STFC ’s Space Science and Technology Department , said , “ We are thrilled that C1XS has started its mission so successfully and is exceeding expectations .
This sophisticated instrument will not only help us better understand the origin of the Earth - Moon system but will ensure that the UK plays an important role in this international activity . ”
Source : STFC
Hull may have embarrassed Arsenal at the Emirates when it was all going swimmingly back there , but they 've only won one of their last 14 Premier League matches .
They 've also conceded 20 goals in ten home games , which is relegation form alright .
And they 've just been snubbed by Luis Boa Morte .
Oh dear .
It might be time for careful consideration of THE FOUR STAGES OF MANAGING HULL :
1. Supreme confidence
2. Supreme confidence leads to addition of SexxBeard and electronic lug accoutrement
3. Questioning of supreme confidence .
Collective soul - searching and group bonding aided by progressive use of on - pitch barstool philosophy techniques ( " And another thing ... " ) .
Jettisoning of SexxBeard
4. Resigned acceptance
Hull 's latest fiasco begins to unfold at : 5.30 pm .
Or can they turn their sorry form - and their season - around ?
The ladies and gentlemen of the KC Stadium , for the first and possibly the last time , will this evening be putting their hands together in appreciation of Mr Kevin Kilbane : Myhill , Doyle , Turner , Ricketts , Kilbane , Mendy , France , Ashbee , Halmosi , Geovanni , Cousin .
Subs : Duke , Dawson , Garcia , Folan , Fagan , Manucho , Giannakopoulos .
Arsenal , who really need to win after those hard - fought victories for Manchester United , Chelsea and Aston Villa : Almunia , Sagna , Toure , Djourou , Clichy , Eboue , Diaby , Denilson , Nasri , Adebayor , Van Persie .
Subs : Fabianski , Vela , Ramsey , Song Billong , Bendtner , Gibbs , Merida .
Whistle , cymbal , jazz flute , etc : Alan Wiley ( Staffordshire )
And we 're off !
And after 11 seconds , Hull win a corner , Sagna deflecting Halmosi 's attempted cross behind the line .
52 seconds :
And now Hull have already taken two corners .
Geovanni's second effort fizzes through the six - yard box , but there 's nobody there in yellow and black .
This is quite a start from Hull .
2 min : Mendy tries to turn Clichy down the right wing .
He 's scythed down by the Arsenal defender , who comes across about two seconds too late .
He should be booked for that crude challenge , but the ref decides a ticking off will suffice .
4 min : Arsenal are all over the shop here .
Hull are simply flinging long balls forward , and none of them are being properly dealt with .
This time Geovanni gets on the end of a huge punt - and for a second strides clear towards the box !
His shot is weak and hopeless , though , dragged miles to the right at barely 1 mph .
In fairness to Arsenal , it looked as though four Hull players were offside as their back line pushed up , but they do n't look particularly convincing so far .
6 min : Denilson tries to break upfield but gives the ball away to Doyle , who takes a wallop goalwards from 25 yards .
It 's straight at Almunia .
8 min : Adebayor rips past two pathetic challenges down the left .
He 's in the box with a chance to shoot , albeit from a tight angle , but he elects to drift further out wide , then turn back .
The attack peters out .
That was better from Arsenal , though not much .
10 min : Hull 's tactic - lumping the ball forward in the hope of Cousin , Geovanni or Halmosi getting on the end of it - is getting old .
13 min : Van Persie hits a free kick , from a central position 30 - odd yards out .
There was no way he was going to score directly from there , but a deflection off Turner wrongfoots Myhill and whistles just wide of the left - hand post .
14 min :
There has n't been much to excite anyone so far , though this was a nice exchange :
Eboue takes the ball up in his own half and rushes , right to left , 40 yards upfield , evading three challenges .
He 's eventually caught , at which point Mendy rampages down the right , sashaying past two red shirts before losing control after a fashion .
18 min : Geovanni loops the ball down the left towards Halmosi , who is bundled over .
That 's a free kick .
And it 's destined to be a terrible one , despite being taken from a dangerous position just to the side of the area .
Geovanni hoofs it way too far up in the air , and too close to Almunia , allowing the Arsenal keeper to leap up and claim .
The idea was obviously to put the keeper under pressure with a high ball as the big lads raced in , but the execution was appalling .
20 min : Cousin is illegally stopped in his tracks , five yards outside the Arsenal box , just to the right of the D. Geovanni takes the opportunity to waste another decent free - kick opportunity , walloping the ball straight into the wall with a total lack of wit .
24 min :
This is a real non-event so far .
I 've just counted that , on the new keyboards the Guardian have given us , there are 15 function keys - plus an additional 40 " P " keys ( the " P " presumably standing for " pfunction " .
What 's the point ?
I have never , since the days of taking receipt of a VIC - 20 , used a function key on a computer in my life .
Not one , not once .
So why do I need 55 ?
26 min : My Setanta feed went down for nearly two minutes .
It took me almost one of those minutes to notice .
28 min : SOMETHING HAPPENS !!!
Eboue diddles down the inside - right channel and is upended by Ashbee .
Van Persie takes the free kick , just outside the right - hand corner of the box ... and it is simply fantastic , being hammered with pace , right towards the top - left corner .
But Myhill fingertips spectacularly , pushing the effort onto the crossbar , it pinging back into the box at high velocity .
The ball 's bundled out for a corner with Adebayor lurking .
Nothing happens from it , but what a strike , what a save .
That 's much better , everyone .
30 min : AND NOW SOMETHING REALLY HAPPENS !!!
GOAL !
Hull 0 - 1 Arsenal .
Arsenal win another corner on their right .
Van Persie swings a delicious cross towards Adebayor who , level with the far post and on the edge of the six - yard box , guides a powerful header back across goal and into the right - hand corner .
That 's a great corner , and you do n't often see those in the Premier League these days .
32 min : A bout of head tennis in the Hull area comes to naught .
This is all Arsenal , all of a sudden .
34 min : Hull throw a long ball into the Arsenal area .
Unfortunately for them , they neglect to throw any of their players into it too .
The result is a massive waste of everyone 's time .
Hull are abject , this is real relegation stuff .
37 min : Nasri slides an exquisite ball into the area from the left .
With his back to goal , Adebayor traps it and turns in one swirl , clips it across the area to Eboue who , in acres of space , sidefoots wide .
Oh dear .
That really should have been 2 - 0 .
41 min :
This has suddenly gone flat again , though in fairness there was nearly a goal four minutes ago , so perhaps I should give it a chance .
" You 'll probably get a lot of computer geeks falling over themselves to tell you this , since lots of us are following the footy whilst we should be working on a Saturday , " begins Julian Le Saux , professional employer cheater , " but you can customise those function keys , you know .
Some programmes have them ready - customised : for example , I 'm working on a clinical system called EMIS which calls up the Patient Find dialogue if you click F9 .
But you can also customise them yourself .
Let 's imagine you 've got a certain string of keystrokes which you use over and over again - ' Arsene Wenger has got the funk on ' .
You automate that string using a bit of open - source software such as AutoHotKey .
Then all you have to do every time you see Arsene with that pained expression on hisface is press F12 , say , and like magic the words ' Arsene Wenger has got the funk on ' appear in your piece , allowing you to chomp another mouthful of pork pie in the time you 've saved . "
Eh ? Automatic string ?
What on earth are you on about ?
And I do n't have a pork pie .
WHERE'S MA PORK PIE ?
43 min : Eboue has a dig from 25 yards out .
It 's charged down , loops into the air , and is easily gathered by Myhill .
Apart from that combination between Nasri and Adebayor down the left , Arsenal have n't been particularly impressive in open play .
But Hull have been abysmal .
HALF TIME : Hull 0 - 1 Arsenal .
Praise be to Jesus that there was only one added minute of that .
And we 're off again !
Arsenal set the ball rolling again .
It 's not long before Myhill has it in his hands and is launching it aimlessly upfield .
Meanwhile Mark Rowlands has very kindly sent me a pork pie .
Well , I say kindly .
Here 's your bloody pie , now get on with it .
That does indeed look like a lovely pie , but having flicked around that site , pork pies are yesterday 's news .
I 've had my head turned by this three - bird banquet , a mere snip at £ 105 , or this Jabugo ham stand and knife set ( £ 600 ) .
Though I 'm simple folk , and can't quite work out whether you get the ham as part of the package .
I 'm assuming you do .
You 'd feel short - changed if you did n't .
47 min : Slightly better from Hull , this , as Mendy tears down the right and sends a low cross into the centre .
There 's nobody coming in for the home side , though , and Arsenal deal with the danger without much fuss .
49 min : Ricketts fails to deal with a bouncing bomb down the inside left channel .
He 's turning and has n't a clue where the ball is as it sails into the box .
Van Persie is on his shoulder - but just as he looks like bustling clear on goal , a needless tug at Ricketts concedes a free kick .
Van Persie shrugs ostentatiously to protest his innocence , but Hull were all over the place there , and that was a bit daft .
51 min : Arsenal are pinning Hull back .
Adebayor has a blast from the left - hand corner of the area .
It 's straight at Myhill , who parries clear .
52 min : A clever ball from Diaby sends Eboue clear down the right .
The subsequent attempt at a cross is the worst in the history of All Football , the ball being shanked cluelessly and at great pace towards the back rows of the stand behind the goal .
54 min : Thing is ,
Hull are still only one goal behind , so despite this appalling display , they 're right in it .
With this in mind , Manucho , on loan from Manchester City , comes on for Halmosi .
56 min : Manucho's first contribution is to take receipt of the ball out right , shift it cleverly between his feet , and allow himself to be flipped into the air like an egg by Clichy .
The free kick is in a dangerous position just to the right of the area , but with the box packed , Kilbane scuffs a hilariously bad low ball towards Arsenal 's first man - and that is that .
" Eboue , Denilson and Diaby are entirely out of their depth , " opines Sacha Brady .
Sacha must regularly take one look at Arsenal 's midfield , then his own surname , and weep .
58 min : That should have been a penalty for Hull .
Manucho is chasing after a high ball in the area .
As he heads it into the centre from the left , Djourou trundles in and takes his man out completely .
Manucho lies prone on the floor , having been preposterously barged over onto it .
How that 's not been given I 'll never know .
The change seems to have given Hull a second wind .
Well , a first wind , really , but you know what I mean .
62 min : Manucho has already got a huge lump under his eye as a result of that nonsense of a challenge by Djourou .
63 min : Arsenal are a wee bit rattled here .
They try to push Hull back , but Van Persie , swinging his hips with the ball at his feet , is robbed by Geovanni , who races off until he 's hacked down by the Arsenal forward 0.00004 seconds later .
That could easily have been a booking , but referee Alan Wiley seems to be in the mood to do nothing whatsoever this afternoon .
65 min : THIS WAS COMING , IF ONLY FOR TEN MINUTES OR SO : Hull 1 - 1 Arsenal .
Down the right , Mendy gets on the end of a long crossfield ball .
He 's given time to cross , as Clichy backs off .
The ball into the box is slightly deflected and finds Cousin in the centre , who confidently crashes a header past Almunia .
This is on !
67 min : Now Clichy bundles
Mendy over down the right .
Kilbane sends a free kick towards the far post , but Almunia claims with ease .
Arsenal are shaking here , that fourth Champions League spot looking ever more distant .
69 min : Eboue , the victim of another smattering of boos from his own fans , is replaced by Bendtner .
It 's pelting it down at the KC .
71 min : Mendy is totally owning Clichy down the right .
He 's skinned once again , and responds by sliding in late .
That 's a yellow card .
72 min : Now it 's Arsenal 's turn to be all over the shop .
The free kick , essentially a corner on the right , is pulled back to Doyle , who sends a clever outswinger in the vague direction of the far post .
Diaby is forced to flick the ball clear with two Hull men waiting to pounce .
This is an impressive second - half display from Hull , who have been terrible for weeks and were n't any better in the first half .
Now they look the better side .
74 min : Clichy is beaten yet again by Mendy down the right .
Mendy bursts into the box but , before he can deliver the ball into the centre , falls over his own feet ( with the help of a light shove in the back from the chasing Clichy ) .
This time that 's a goal kick .
Clichy has been awful today , and not for the first time this season either .
76 min : Van Persie drags a 30 - yard free kick effort well wide left .
That 's the best Arsenal have done for 25 minutes or so , and it was n't up to much .
The rain , as a result of the wind , is now almost horizontal .
79 min : After good strong hold - up play by Manucho , Mendy once again gives Clichy the runaround down the right .
Hull eventually over - elaborate , but this is getting embarrassing , quite frankly .
80 min : Bendtner picks the ball up on the right and moves into the box .
Van Persie is in acres in the centre , and screaming for the ball , but Bendtner elects to drop a shoulder and make for the byline .
He gets a powerful shot in , but it 's a tight angle and easily parried by Myhill .
Van Persie does not look totally happy with this chain of events .
81 min : Ashbee is booked for his 15th or 20th minor foul of the afternoon .
82 min : GOAL !!!
Hull 1 - 2 Arsenal .
Well , against the overall run of play , Arsenal go ahead .
And what a lovely goal .
With his back to goal in the D just outside the area , Van Persie keeps the ball a second and draws Doyle towards him from the left .
That provides space for Nasri , who is found by Van Persie with a superb reverse pass and fires a delicious low shot across Myhill and into the bottom right corner .
83 min : Phil Brown responds .
France is replaced by Fagan .
85 min : GOAL !!!
Hull 1 - 3 Arsenal .
This has been a struggle , but it suddenly looks so easy .
Bendtner bustles straight towards the area , lays the ball out wide to Van Persie , who gives it straight back , the one - two allowing Bendtner to sweep home .
The goal should n't have stood , though : Van Persie was offside .
Factor in Hull 's penalty shout , and the home side will consider themselves unlucky here .
88 min : Garcia replaces Geovanni .
This is over .
Time for a pun ?
" If you have to describe Mendy beating his man any more times , " chirps Ian Copestake , " it may become a Clichy . "
Ladies and gentlemen , he 'll be here all week .
Thankfully , the week is just about over .
90 min : Cousin miskicks .
Arsenal switch off , so when the ball 's hooked back into the centre , Garcia is allowed a clear header , eight yards out .
He elects to find Manucho , lurking at the left - hand post , and the danger is gone .
90 min +2 : Clichy does something right for once : a peach of a cross from the left towards Bendtner , who hammers his header onto the left - hand post and out , when it was surely easier to score .
FULL TIME : Hull City 1 - 3 Arsenal .
The first half was terrible , the second highly entertaining .
Hull looked the better side for much of that second period , but it was Arsenal suddenly upped a gear towards the end .
They stay in fifth , three points behind Aston Villa .
Tottenham Hotspur , they will note , are at the bottom .
Hull 's slide continues , meanwhile , but that was a much better display , Mendy the star of the show , so it 's not all bad .
View Transcript
Transcript
I 'd better put some lipstick on this pig .
" Behold the most exciting technical challenge since the dawn of the microprocessor ! "
" I must rub it on my body before I assign it to you ... Oooh oooh ! " " I 'll need tongs . "
Enlarge By Evan Vucci , AP Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said that interest rates , which the U.S. central bank lowered to near zero last year , will likely stay low " for some time . "
CONFIDENCE PLUNGES CONFIDENCE
PLUNGES
The Conference Board said Tuesday that its consumer confidence index , which was down slightly in January , plummeted more than 12 points in February to 25 , from the revised 37.4 last month .
That was well below the 35.5 level that economists surveyed by Thomson Reuters expected .
A year ago , the consumer confidence reading stood at 76.4 .
The present situation index , which is consumers ' assessment of current economic conditions , fell to 21.2 from 29.7 last month .
The expectations ' index , which is consumers ' outlook over the next six months , sank to 27.5 from 42.5 .
The consumer confidence survey , which sampled 5,000 U.S. households through Feb. 18 , showed how Americans ' worries about jobs sank further .
Those saying jobs are currently " hard to get " increased to 47.8 % from 41.1 % in January , while those stating jobs are " plentiful " fell to 4.4 % from 7.1 % .
The percentage of consumers expecting fewer jobs in the months ahead increased to 47.3 % from 36.9 % , while those expecting more jobs declined to 7.1 % from 9.1 % .
The proportion of consumers expecting an increase in their incomes declined to 7.6 % from 10.3 % .
- Associated Press WASHINGTON  Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said Tuesday that it could take years for the economy to fully recover from the current " severe contraction , " even as new , dismal data on housing and consumer confidence underscored the depth of the historic recession .
" If actions taken by the administration , the Congress and the Federal Reserve are successful in restoring some measure of financial stability — and only if that is the case , in my view — there is a reasonable prospect that the current recession will end in 2009 and that 2010 will be a year of recovery , " Bernanke told the Senate Banking Committee .
STOCKS JUMP : Bernanke boosts Wall Street Even if financial markets revive , however , Fed policymakers believe a " full recovery is likely to take more than two or three years , " Bernanke said in presenting his twice - annual economic report to Congress .
He emphasized the outlook is " subject to considerable uncertainty " given deep problems in financial markets and the deterioration of other economies around the globe .
" Overall , the downside risks probably outweigh those on the upside , " he said .
The stark comments came as The Conference Board reported that its monthly consumer confidence index plummeted to an all - time low in February , sliding to a weak reading of 25 from 37.4 in January .
Consumer expectations of economic conditions six months out also skidded to a record low .
The findings are based on a survey of 5,000 households through Feb. 18 .
" Not only do consumers feel overall economic conditions have grown more dire , but just as disconcerting , they anticipate no improvement in conditions over the next six months , " said Lynn Franco , director of The Conference Board Consumer Research Center .
Home prices continued their long nose dive during the three months ended in December .
The Standard & Poor 's / Case - Shiller index of house prices in 20 cities in December fell more than 18 % from the same period in 2008 — the biggest drop since the index was created 21 years ago .
The Treasury Department , working with the Fed and other bank regulators , is working on a multipronged plan to revive the economy , including providing more aid to banks and reworking mortgages for homeowners in danger of default .
President Obama has signed into law a $ 787 billion economic stimulus measure , and the Fed has slashed a key interest rate basically to zero and announced a long list of lending programs to credit markets .
Bernanke said the Fed was likely to leave rates low for some time given the weak economy .
Bernanke said the Fed is committed to using " all available tools " to stimulate the economy and resuscitate credit markets .
He pointed out that one of Franklin Roosevelt 's most effective and important steps during the Great Depression was to restore confidence in the banking sector .
The Fed expects the unemployment rate , now at 7.6 % , to jump to near 9 % this year and to remain around 8 % in 2010 even if the economy begins to recover .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Consider Dick Cheney 's must - read interview with Politico , among other things , a blunt downpayment on an argument you 'll hear at very high volume if there 's a domestic terror attack in the next four or eight years :
Former Vice President Dick Cheney warned that there is a “ high probability ” that terrorists will attempt a catastrophic nuclear or biological attack in coming years , and said he fears the Obama administration ’s policies will make it more likely the attempt will succeed .
In an interview Tuesday with Politico , Cheney unyieldingly defended the Bush administration ’s support for the Guantanamo Bay prison and coercive interrogation of terrorism suspects .
And he asserted that President Obama will either backtrack on his stated intentions to end those policies or put the county at risk in ways more severe than most Americans — and , he charged , many members of Obama ’s own team — understand .
“ When we get people who are more concerned about reading the rights to an Al Qaeda terrorist than they are with protecting the United States against people who are absolutely committed to do anything they can to kill Americans , then I worry , ” Cheney said .
Protecting the country ’s security is “ a tough , mean , dirty , nasty business , ” he said .
“ These are evil people .
And we ’re not going to win this fight by turning the other cheek . ”
... [ H]e said he worried that “ instead of sitting down and carefully evaluating the policies , ” Obama officials are unwisely following “ campaign rhetoric ” and preparing to release terrorism suspects or afford them legal protections granted to more conventional defendants in crime cases .
The choice , he alleged , reflects a naïve mindset among the new team in Washington :
“ The United States needs to be not so much loved as it needs to be respected .
Sometimes , that requires us to take actions that generate controversy .
I ’m not at all sure that that ’s what the Obama adminstration believes . ”
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan , Jan. 7 ( UPI ) -- Pakistani National Security Adviser Mahmud Ali Durrani was fired Wednesday after indicating the lone surviving Mumbai terrorist may have been a Pakistani .
A statement issued by the country 's prime minister said Durrani was sacked " for his irresponsible behavior ( of ) not taking prime minister and other stakeholders into confidence and lack of coordination on matters of national security , " the Press Trust of India reported .
Advertisement
Ironically , other Pakistani officials earlier Wednesday anonymously confirmed that Ajmal Amir Kasab , the only surviving terrorist from November 's Mumbai attacks , is a Pakistani , the Los Angeles Times reported .
Later , Information Minister Sherry Rehman said , " We are confirming Kasab is Pakistani , but investigations are ongoing . "
Pakistan has been under U.S. pressure to move against militants based in the country suspected of having planned and helped to carry out the attacks on India 's financial and entertainment hub and left roughly 170 people dead .
Durrani told CNN Wednesday evidence Pakistan received from India showed the attackers had ties to his country .
" So one cannot deny there was zero link with Pakistan , " Durrani said .
" How much , who all was involved , that we have to investigate . "
Included in the information packet delivered to Pakistan were statements by Kasab , phone records and information on seized weapons .
India said Islamic militants trained in Pakistan were behind the siege on India 's financial and entertainment hub , reporting that Kasab told investigators he was trained by Lashkar - e - Toiba , an Islamic militant group .
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Russia is ready to play a more active role in helping fight the Taliban in Afghanistan if the United States is prepared to water down its plans for a missile defence shield and NATO enlargement .
Sunday marks the 20th anniversary of the Soviet military ’s humiliating withdrawal from Afghanistan and Russia , which shares Western worries about the Taliban insurgency , is ready to give logistical support to U.S. - led forces there .
U.S. plans for elements of a missile defence shield in Poland and the Czech Republic , and its drive to bring ex-Soviet Ukraine and Georgia into NATO , are seen in Moscow as “ red lines ” that Washington should not violate .
“ Russia is ready to assist the United States with priority issues for American foreign policy , and in the first place , the fight against terrorism in Afghanistan , ” Dmitry Rogozin , Russia ’s ambassador to NATO , told Reuters in an interview .
“ But we want our relations to be considered in the general context that if we help the U.S. on one question that they help us with our important tasks . ”
The administration of U.S. President Barack Obama would like Russia to help supply equipment to the extra troops it plans to send to Afghanistan , especially as militants have attacked convoys using the other supply route via Pakistan .
But Russia will drive a hard bargain , especially because it feels it was deceived in the past .
After the September 11 , 2001 attacks on U.S. cities , Russia sanctioned the creation of U.S. air bases in ex-Soviet states near Afghanistan that Moscow sees as part of its sphere of interest .
In exchange , Moscow hoped for a partnership of equals with the United States but instead watched with anger as Washington backed the expansion of NATO to include its neighbours Ukraine and Georgia and prepared plans for a missile shield in Europe .
The Kremlin though feels a cautious optimism that the Obama White House could behave differently , said Fyodr Lukyanov , the editor of the Russia in Global Affairs journal .
“ Russia is not naive enough to think Washington would accept a Russian claim of a sphere of interest , but at least there are signals the new administration wo n’t be as aggressive in the post - Soviet sphere as the previous one , ” said Lukyanov .
The announcement this month by Kyrgyzstan that it will close a U.S. air base used as a staging post for Afghanistan showed there are limits to Russian cooperation , say some analysts .
Russia has denied any role in the decision but Kyrgyzstan ’s president announced it in Moscow after securing a $ 2 billion Russian loan to help it ride out the economic slowdown .
FRAGILE STATES
The Soviet Union lost thousands of troops fighting in Afghanistan in the 1980s and the country still matters greatly to the new leaders in the Kremlin .
Officials feel that if militant Islam is not halted in Afghanistan it could spread through the fragile ex-Soviet states of Central Asia towards Russia ’s borders .
Narcotics officials say Russia is the world ’s biggest user of Afghan heroin and that the flow of the drug will only be stemmed if order returns to Afghanistan .
Moscow has watched with growing impatience the failure of the international force in Afghanistan to get to grips with the Taliban insurgency .
Since the U.S. - led invasion in 2001 , almost 1,100 coalition troops have died in Afghanistan , with 647 U.S. casualties as of February 12 .
“ Seven years have passed and what has happened ? ...
The only result is that people are dying ...
We are just taking losses , ” said a senior Russian official with close ties to Prime Minister Vladimir Putin .
Colonel Oleg Kulakov , a lecturer at Moscow ’s Defence University , said U.S. - led forces need to change their approach .
“ The coalition forces cannot achieve their goals militarily and no one will be able to do that so they should attempt other strategies , ” he told Reuters .
But Kulakov , who served with the Soviet military in Afghanistan , said there was no desire in Moscow to go back there .
“ Under no circumstances will Russia send troops to Afghanistan , ” he said .
QR Code Link to This Post
First off , girls just talk way too much .
When you 're with your other girlfriends , go ahead and talk about whatever the fuck you want .
I do n't care .
But why exactly do you think that I care about the kind of day that your sisters co-workers dog had ?
Your sister is nice enough , but I do n't know her co-worker and I certainly do n't know her dog .
So why the fuck are you telling me this story ?
I do n't care !
If you have something worth talking about , then I can enjoy engaging you in a meaningful conversation .
But before you start talking to me about some of the inane frivolous shit that you talk to your girlfriends about , first ask yourself " Does this have a point ? " .
Because if it does n't I 'm just going to smile , and nod , and zone out and you 'll get mad because I 'm not listening to your retarded shit !
Stop over complicating everything .
There is n't an ulterior motive or hidden meaning in every other sentance .
Unless , I suppose , it 's coming out of the mouth of another woman .
Because you ladies never can seem to say what you actually mean .
You have this weird secret code that you love to try and crack and expect us guys to be able to get in on your stupid game .
Guys are n't like that .
Rarely rarely RARELY will you ever have to figure out what a guy is actually saying .
We say what we mean .
Girls have such a skewed sense of logic that this simple concept is often lost on them .
When you go searching for some deeper meaning that is n't there , you 're just committing to an act of futility .
In the end you wind up making up some bullshit and believing that it must be true and acting on that false reality and making a mess of something for no apparent reason other than the fact that you 're in - fucking - sane .
Stop getting upset at guys for trying to help solve your problems .
That 's what guys do .
You present us with a problem , we 're going to try and fix it .
It 's in our fucking nature .
I know it 's in your nature to want to talk about everything , but if you 're going to bring up your problems to a guy , expect that he 's going to try and do something about it or give you advice .
Women always bitch that guys do n't listen .
It 's not that we do n't listen , we just do n't understand why you 're bringing up your problems if you do n't want us to do something about it .
We 're not as empathetic as your girlfriends , so if you want empathy , go to them .
Likewise , if guys have a problem , they 'll probably only bring it up if they need help or advice .
Many women will bitch that guys do n't talk enough .
It 's not that guys do n't talk , it 's just that your empathy does n't help solve our problems when we do talk .
One of the most insanely frustrating things about women is the constant reassurance .
No , you 're not fat .
If you were fat you would n't be able to fit into that size 2 dress .
And yes , you look good .
Guys would n't be giving you free shit if you were ugly .
( There 's an ulterior fucking motive for you .
Hint :
They 're not giving you free stuff just to be sweet . )
It 's so frustrating having to constantly answer those questions , only to not be believed .
It 's like trying to convince someone that the sky is blue .
You 're not blind , you 're not even color blind .
You can see that the sky is blue .
Yet you continue to ask what color the sky is .
I tell you it 's blue .
I know that you know what color blue is .
And even though I 've told you that the sky is blue about fifty - million times , you still have to ask because ... I do n't know ... maybe it 's not blue today .
The sky is fucking blue goddammit !
You 're not fucking fat !
You 're not fucking ugly !
You know it , I know it , everyone fucking knows it !
And fuck all you ultra - hot girls that bitch about the most retarded things .
Yeah , all men are fucking pigs because they stare at your boobs .
I 'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that you 're wearing a skin tight low cut shirt that has ' Bebe ' printed across your boobs ... one ' Be ' per boob .
It 's totally unfair that you have to put up with guys staring at you all the time just because you like to look sexy .
And boo hoo , it 's so hard for you to meet a nice guy .
Well actually it is n't , because the shoulder your crying on belongs to a nice guy .
He 's the one that puts up with all your stupid shit .
And yet you some how end up with all the assholes .
I 'm sure that it has nothing to do with the fact that you 're holding out for a six foot tall alpha - male fire fighter with a trust fund .
And finally , yay for you .
You sold a freezer to some eskimos .
Congratulations on being the hot sales rep .
We 're all very proud of you for being able to have a nice ass while the rest of us actually have to work for a living .
And we 're all so excited to see your new diamond jewelry .
Your ability to date another rich fucktard that will shower you with expensive bobbles is commendable .
And I 'll be so surprised and sorry for you when he dumps you for the next hot girl .
Because I really thought that materialistic trophy bagger was in love with you .
But I 'm happy to hear that you wrecked your fifth car while multi-tasking between your cell phone and doing your make up in the mirror .
Your dedication to enforcing the stereotype of women drivers is nothing short of awe inspiring .
And you 're right , I was being a shallow douchebag when I commented on the hotness of Eva Longoria .
So lets go see that movie where Johnny Depp makes out with Orlando Bloom on Brad Pitts abs .
I know you 've been dying to see that one .
Girls ... you piss me the fuck off .
You do stupid shit and manage to get away with it .
You can be the most annoying idiots in the world .
Your sense of logic and common sense seems to be a rare gift rather than a common trait .
And yet I 'm uncontrollably attracted to you .
And that 's quite possibly the most frustrating thing of all .
With a few drops of a liquid hallucinogen under his tongue and the smell of incense in the air , Texas resident Frank Ramirez says he can transport himself to a different world .
Eyes shut and legs crossed , he first feels warm and flushed .
Then the rush of the drug swirls into his head and , Ramirez says , he becomes " one with the room , " able to see and talk with long - deceased relatives .
" Sometimes I cry or laugh , " Ramirez says .
" It 's a spiritual trip .
A brief glimpse into a beautiful world we do n't even know yet . "
Ramirez is on drugs , but as a resident of Texas he is breaking no laws .
He has been ingesting Salvia divinorum , a once - obscure member of the mint family that ascetic Central American shamans have used for centuries .
Now the herb is as easy to buy on the Internet as a best - seller , and it is celebrated in countless YouTube videos starring dazed and confused - looking high school and college - age kids .
Traffic to sites that sell salvia and other drugs is increasing .
When it comes to buying powerful mood - altering drugs online , salvia is just the tip of the iceberg .
At a time when authorities are cracking down on illegal sale of steroids and prescription drugs online , substances such as kratom and Mexican prickly poppy , which pack a psychedelic and narcotic - like punch , are flourishing on the Internet .
Authorities are beginning to take note .
Many of these substances are legal in much of the United States , but the situation is changing quickly , especially for salvia .
At this writing , 13 states have regulated salvia in some way , and bills to regulate the drug are pending in several others , including Texas .
Federal officials are also considering regulations on the drug .
Online shops such as Bouncing Bear Botanicals , Psychoactive Herbs , and Purple Sticky Brand sell a panoply of substances capable of delivering a powerful high .
At Psychoactive Herbs , for example , you can buy kratom , which the site describes as an " opium substitute " that produces feelings of euphoria .
As recently as last fall , eBay sellers were auctioning Salvia divinorum , a fast - acting and powerful hallucinogen that researchers say is comparable to LSD , for about $ 15 a gram ( in September , eBay instituted a ban on the sale of salvia ) .
PC World purchased 19 supposedly psychoactive substances from a variety of online sources , and then we asked researchers at the National Center for Natural Products Research ( NCNPR ) at the University of Mississippi to analyze the products we received and to explain the risks involved in taking them .
Their verdict : Most of the substances -- for the most part a variety of roots , mushrooms , and leaves from around the world - - really can get you high .
But some could also make you very sick or even kill you .
" With some of these substances it 's like playing Russian routlette with your life , " says Dr. Ikhlas Khan , assistant director of the NCNPR .
" With others the risk is on par with smoking one [ tobacco ] ciagrette . "
It 's impossible to know the specific risk without asking a lab to test what you have , he says , adding : " There is a lot of misiniformation about these substances on the Internet and what their effects are on those that take them . "
Not Your Father 's Morning Glory Seeds
Determined teens and thrill - seekers of all ages have always experimented with legal ways to get high - - eating morning glory seeds , for example , or smoking catnip .
But experts say that the Internet has changed things :
Just as it has made other previously hard - to - find products more accessible , it is making substances formerly used only by obscure Amazon shamans easy to learn about , find , and buy .
Search for " salvia " on YouTube , and you 'll find hundreds of video testimonials from people who have taken the drug .
Hands - on types can visit sites such as NeuroSoup to view step - by - step tutorials on how to squeeze venom from Colorado River toads and extract from it a powerful hallucinogen .
Ca n't find a Colorado River toad locally ?
Bouncing Bear Botanicals will sell you a live one for $ 150 or an " adult male and female pair " for $ 250 .
The owner of Bouncing Bear Botanicals , Jon Sloan , says that sales at his site have grown considerably over the past year , but he declined to reveal specific sales figures .
Other sites , including Shaman 's Garden and Herbal Fire Botanicals , did n't respond to our requests for comment .
Techniques used to increase the potency of herbs have improved in recent years .
Experts say that sellers have learned to isolate and amplify many of the psychoactive elements within naturally occurring herbs , subsequently selling extracts of the substances at 10X or 30X the normal potency .
Salvia is sold in extracts at concentrations of up to 60X and kratom at concentrations of up to 30X .
" This is n't the stuff that kids were buying just years ago .
This stuff has been engineered to deliver a much more potent high , " says Dr. Howard Samuels , executive director of the Wonderland Center , a drug rehabilitation center in Los Angeles .
Sloan says that the Internet 's reach to places such as Central America has also enabled indigenous tribes to go online and sell their native herbs to distributors .
" All of a sudden , with a used PC and dial - up Internet account , these isolated tribes have a way to sell plants they have easy access to , " Sloan says .
The traditional form of drawing and sketching is a highly sought after skill .
Develop your personal drawing abilities by following this collection of 40 great tutorials on advanced drawing techniques , including general theory , useful tips , comic inspired art and some methods for transforming your creations into digital format .
1. How to Draw a Car Use a range of pencil drawing techniques to create an American classic , the Corvette .
This tutorial from DueysDrawings.com covers the process from roughing out the initial outline through to shading with a range of tones .
Visit Tutorial
2. How to Draw Hair With Naughty - Kitty Follow this tutorial by Naughty Kitty to gain some useful tips on recreating Manga inspired hair in a range of styles .
Visit Tutorial
3 . How to Draw Cute Characters
Learn the tips and techniques in this Manga tutorial to draw a cute female character , paying particular attention to body language and facial features .
Visit Tutorial
4 . Tips for drawing hands Discover a range of tips for drawing hands , generated from the artist 's own experiences .
Techniques include foreshortening , drawing nails and finger shapes .
Visit Tutorial
5 . How to Draw a Ninja Start by sketching out the wireframe skeleton and work through this tutorial to produce a dynamic ninja character ready for action .
Visit Tutorial
6. Traditional Sketch Rendering Swedish designer Mikael Lugnegard shows us his techniques for creating a traditional sketch render of a BMW car concept .
Visit Tutorial
7 . How to Create a Three Color Wolf Skull in Illustrator Use a Wacom tablet directly in Adobe Illustrator to trace a reference photo and shade the illustration with a range of hatch lines .
Visit Tutorial
8. Inking and Coloring the Comic Strip The Brads Follow tips from cartoonist Brad Colbow to discover how to create your own comic strip .
Visit Tutorial
9 . Drawing the Human Eye Pay close attention to the anatomical structure of the eye and follow tips in this tutorial to produce a highly realistic sketch of a human eye .
Visit Tutorial
10 .
Eye drawing tutorial by Lianne Follow this tutorial from Lianneissa.com to draw a detailed female eye from scratch .
Visit Tutorial
11 . A Pseudo - Sugar Skull : From Start to Finish .
Create a highly detailed sugar skull illustration by following this expert tutorial , with details on the process from sketch to final digital design .
Visit Tutorial
12 . Comic Book Style Graphic Design .
Discover useful tips and techniques while following this design process of drawing a stunning comic book style character .
Visit Tutorial
13 . From Sketch to Vector Illustration .
Follow these tips on producing impactful digital creations starting from a hand drawn sketch .
Visit Tutorial
14 . Character Drawing .
Follow this artist 's personal recommendations and tips on creating your own characters .
Visit Tutorial
15 . Create Your Own Impressive Cartoon Character .
Create your own character by following these tutorial steps , starting with a skeletal framework to build the cartoon features .
Visit Tutorial
16 . Sketching Figures with Lines .
Although the site requires an account , this extensive collection of tutorials is extremely useful for anyone looking to improve their drawing skills .
Visit Tutorial
17 . How to Draw a Fashion Figure .
Watch this simple video tutorial to learn how to use existing reference imagery to trace a fashion inspired sketch .
Visit Tutorial
18 . Figure drawing video tutorial .
View this figure drawing video lesson with Matthew Achambault to gain a useful insight into life figure drawing .
Visit Tutorial
19 . How to Draw a Head .
This useful series of video tutorials cover some highly useful tips for drawing a human head .
Visit Tutorial
20 . The Dragon Tutorial .
Pick up some techniques in this dragon inspired tutorial that can be put into practice in your own fantasy drawings .
Visit Tutorial
21 . Leather Wings .
Aimed directly at drawing wings , pick up some ideas and techniques for drawing realistic wing frameworks .
Visit Tutorial
22 . The Human Body .
Learn the stages of drawing dummy frameworks in order to produce realistically proportioned figures .
Visit Tutorial
23 . Pencil Sketching .
Including a range of theory and practical advice , read this article to gather together some interesting nuggets of knowledge .
Visit Tutorial
24 . Drawing Hair in Pencil .
Drawing hair is hard work , but these useful tips you 'll be creating extremely realistic hair in your drawings in no time .
Visit Tutorial
25 . Drawing Hands Tutorial .
A common difficulty in pencil drawing is the recreation of hands , pick up some great tips and techniques from this overview .
Visit Tutorial
26 . Drawing Detailed Hair .
Follow this multi-part tutorial for more tips on creating highly realistic hair on your subjects .
Visit Tutorial
27 . Myth 's Dragon Tutorial .
This artist breaks down the process of drawing a fantasy creature into easily followable steps .
Visit Tutorial
28 . General Sketching Tips .
Learn various sketching techniques in this tutorial , with focus on creating a great looking character .
Visit Tutorial
29 . Proportions .
These five techniques will help get to grips with proportions in your drawings , an excellent roundup with plenty of tips .
Visit Tutorial
30 . Clothing Tutorial .
Dress your characters in a range of clothing by following these practical drawing tips .
Visit Tutorial
31 . Step by Step Comic Book Creation .
View the process of creating an awesome comic book layout in this article , starting with sketching and moving on through the inking and digital processes .
Visit Tutorial
32 . Inking Tutorial .
Read through some interesting theory and pick up some highly useful tips in this multi-part inking tutorial .
Visit Tutorial
33 . A Look at Chibi Art. Learn about the Japanese form of art named Chibi , and how to create Chibi inspired characters with this quick list of tips .
Visit Tutorial
34 . How to Draw Caricatures :
The 5 Shapes Pick up a range of tips in this article highlighting the basic theory and 5 shapes of caricature design .
Visit Tutorial
35 . Character Design Lesson
Watch this character design video tutorial along with other lessons in the series to pick up more useful design tips .
Visit Tutorial
36 . Drawing Manga Clothing Discover some interesting tips for drawing Manga inspired clothing and fabric .
Visit Tutorial
37 . Manga Strip Tutorial
View the process of creating a complete Manga comic strip using traditional tools .
Visit Tutorial
38 . Facial Aging Log in and learn tips and techniques to accurately draw people of various ages in this detailed tutorial .
Visit Tutorial
39 .
How to Draw Ears
View this great collection of slides to learn useful tips to accurately draw the human ear .
Visit Tutorial
" I 'll be honest : I have difficulty finding time to relax " , freelancer Chris Hardwick says .
Photo : Sian Kennedy
Time - management books command huge swaths of bookstore shelf space and sell tens of thousands of copies a year , but I always figured they applied more to stapler - stealing cubicle jockeys than someone like me .
I am a freelancer .
My services are available to anyone at any time .
In a former life I was probably a whore .
In this one , I am responsible for two cartoon voice - overs , three writing jobs , a movie soundtrack , my stand - up comedy act , TV hosting gigs , and half of a musical - comedy duo .
Do n't get me wrong ; in this economy , I 'm grateful for the work .
But without any kind of 9 - to - 5 structure , it 's a lot to keep track of .
Writer Chris Hardwick reveals the inside story of his feature on the art of organizational self - help .
Spoiler :
After three methods and six weeks , he 's still a little disorganized .
For more , visit wired.com / video .
So how do I handle it ?
Poorly .
My days are like eBay shipments : a few tangible things and a whole lot of packing peanuts .
I obviously need help being the boss of me .
So I decided to try an experiment : I 'd spend two weeks absorbing , in succession , three well - known productivity systems and see if I could find one that worked for those of us who count income in 1099s instead of W - 2s .
I already owned David Allen 's Getting Things Done ; Gina Trapani , editor of the blog Lifehacker , further recommended Julie Morgenstern 's Never Check E- Mail in the Morning and Timothy Ferriss ' The 4 - Hour Workweek .
That made three , and three examples is all you need for a magazine article .
Getting Things Done
Day 1 I actually have three copies of Getting Things Done .
I bought it on CD two years ago and never listened to it .
A year later I bought the book , started it , and then stowed it under my nightstand .
Then I bought it on iTunes .
It mocked me from my iPod 's Audiobooks playlist for months .
Yes , I was having trouble getting Getting Things Done done .
But now I have a deadline .
Day 3 Finally listening to Getting Things Done .
I see why other nerds go for David Allen .
He 's a reductionist .
GTD is all about breaking big tasks into small , doable ones .
The book finds a million ways to repeat Allen 's simple mantra .
Ask yourself : " What is the next physical action required to move the project forward ? "
Repeat until everything in the world is finished .
Day 5
The most pressing item on my to - do list is a script for the Nickelodeon show Back to the Barnyard , on which I play a talking cow .
It turns out that " Write talking - cow script " is the kind of task Allen would describe as " an amorphous blob . "
A series of things have to happen in a specific order to attain its completion .
How will I write it ?
What is the next physical action ?
Let 's see .
I have to make a scene - by - scene story outline .
But in order to do that I have to review the premise that was assigned to me via email , which I can't do without an Internet connection , which I do n't have because I am in Memphitucky trying to make a club full of strangers laugh by pointing out the foibles of mankind .
The motor lodge I 'm staying in has intermittent service at best .
So there you go :
My next obvious action is " Locate Internet . "
A block away , I find a Starbucks — the yuppie McDonald's .
Next action : " Download premise from email . "
Done .
I 'm building momentum !
Next : " Break premise into a handful of scenes . "
Next : " Write one - page scene outline . "
And finally : " Expand outline into scenes with dialog . "
I know it seems obvious , but it was better than just launching Final Draft and staring at " Fade in . "
( Final Draft : screenwriters :: Excel : accountants .)
My total script time from premise to delivery is four hours .
That 's not bad for an 11 - minute cartoon .
Day 9
My girlfriend informs me that there 's a black widow nesting in a drainpipe near our garage .
I have now been on the GTD program for several days and am a next - action machine .
I say out loud to myself in a robot voice , " Processing ... dot dot dot ... "
I head outside , already planning my next action : " Pour water down drain to send spider on river rampage to Jesus . "
On the way , however , I discover a dead squirrel .
Protocol interrupted .
How do you dispose of a dead squirrel ?
" Some days I 'm just overwhelmed by everything on my to - do list , " Hardwick says .
Photo : Sian Kennedy
I return to the house with my bucket of water to ask the Internet .
A state of California Web site informs me that I have to call the West Nile Virus Hotline .
WTF ?!
I open a new tab and Google " West Nile deaths human California . "
Only one this year .
Next action : Let air out of lungs .
Back to west nile.ca.gov .
From the photos , I identify the decedent as a Fox squirrel .
While scrolling through , I notice that its cousin the Douglas squirrel is adorable !
I throw it — the words , not the squirrel — at Wikipedia .
Pine squirrel located in the Pacific coastal states .
Huh .
I jot down " pine squirrel " for use in as - yet - unwritten funny sentence .
Back to the ' pedia .
Naturalist John Muir described the Douglas squirrel as " by far the most interesting and influential of the California sciuridae . " ... Sciuridae ?
How has that term managed to elude me for more than three decades ?
I click the link and learn that it 's a family of large rodents — squirrels , chipmunks , marmots , and , uh , spermophiles .
I wonder how you pronounce it .
sky - yer - EE - dye ?
SURE - i-day ?
Goto : Merriam - Webster Online .
Damn — it 's a premium - account word .
I 'll have to slum it on Dictionary.com .
Aha ! sigh - YUR - i-day .
I say it aloud several times , nodding with a false sense of accomplishment .
The black widow is still alive .
The Fox squirrel is still dead .
And so are 35 minutes of my life .
Day 14
Wracked with guilt and a sense of failure , I resort to actual reporting and call David Allen .
He 's very nice and suggests that to effectively prioritize , I should explode my individual tasks into a philosophical framework incorporating my life 's ultimate purpose .
Oh , OK .
That 's all I have to do .
Freelancer rating : 4/5
The book is as dry as a camera manual .
It took me two years to open my camera manual , too .
Both turned out to be useful .
Change in personal habits : I can now shrink overwhelming projects into bite - size finger sandwiches , thereby unsticking my work flow .
Also , I found out that I have a work flow .
Never Check E-Mail In The Morning
Day 1 Upon cracking Julie Morgenstern 's book , I learn that she has consulted for Microsoft and Ikea , written five other self - help tomes , and appeared on Oprah .
I become afraid that there will be chapters on " Scheduling Hugs " and " Filing Your Crying . "
This is because I am a jerk sometimes .
Day 2 Morgenstern breaks life into nine skill sets , or " competencies , " all pointed toward finishing tasks with time left for recreation .
Sweet .
Day 3
The book has a Choose Your Own Adventure vibe , where you can jump around to any area you want to improve .
I read the whole thing .
Most important , it turns out , is avoiding distractions .
I have already failed by reading chapters that do n't apply to me .
The other usual distracters include perfectionism , procrastination , interruptions , and meetings .
And email .
Morgenstern calls these time - eaters " nibblers . "
Adorable !
Day 4
I wake up , and before I even think about it , I am checking my email .
Crap .
Day 5 Same problem .
Double crap .
Day 6 Crappity - crap - crap on a crap bun with crap relish !
This is getting ridiculous .
Despite my iPhone 's pleas for clemency , I turn off the Push setting .
Day 10 Rob Zombie calls .
He needs two more songs for his animated Mexican wrestler / superhero movie El Superbeasto , and he 's about to mix sound .
He wants same - day turnaround .
That means Mike Phirman and I ( we 're the band Hard 'n Phirm ) need to obtain the scenes in question and then write , record , and deliver each tune in six hours .
No nibblers .
No perfectionism .
Interruptions will be met with a Shia LaBeouf -y " no no no no no NO NO ! "
We make our deadlines .
Mr. Zombie is pleased , which means he will not eat our faces .
I can't say the music would have turned out any better had we agonized and labored over it .
Hardwick may now be " on his way to time mastery . "
Photo : Sian Kennedy Day 14
I call Morgenstern to brag about my success , and she asks what I do for fun .
I am stymied : " Fuh ... Fuhhhh ... what is that word your mouth is saying ? "
Morgenstern thinks taking time off is crucial ; since I 'm around tech all the time , she recommends something nature - based .
I head for Griffith Park in Los Angeles .
Aside from the homeless woman shouting obscenities at a raccoon , it is strangely refreshing .
I find a stone bridge where a copse of old trees hang over a brook , a setting so storybook I expect a faerie orgy to break out at any moment .
Sitting there , I actually begin to get excited about my workload .
I go home and work on my blog , the Nerdist , for an hour and a half — pure output .
According to Morgenstern , I have found my " concentration threshold " and am now " on my way to time mastery ! "
I silently vow that once I have truly mastered the dimension of time , I will go back and tell my sixth - grade self to never bring Dungeons & Dragons books to school , where girls are .
Freelancer rating : 3/5 Half of the skill sets are more applicable to office dwellers .
What about my needs ?
Change in personal habits : I learned not to confuse " busy " with " productive , " but I 'm still far too addicted to email to resist its early - morning digital snuggles .
The 4 - Hour Workweek
Day 1 Timothy Ferriss says he decided to become a productivity master after a girlfriend sent him a Dear John in the form of a plaque reading , The Work Day ends at 5:00 .
I would like to keep my girlfriend .
Day 2
I super - recommend the audio version of 4 - Hour Workweek .
The actor who reads it gives a Shatner - esque performance worthy of a Columbo villain .
It made a three - hour drive from one stand - up gig in Tampa , Florida , to another in Fort Pierce enjoyable .
Plus , he reads the word procrastinate as " procrasturbate . "
Day 5 Ferriss ' system basically amounts to finding ways to avoid doing your work .
My first step : Focus only on the most important tasks .
I am not doing that .
I am in Chicago , covering Wired 's NextFest for G4's Attack of the Show !
At home , I would watch Mad Men on TiVo until I calmed down .
Here , I wake up at 5 am , freaking out over the deadline for the very article you are now reading .
Then I have an idea :
Why not simply start writing the piece ?
My anxiety over what to say has been causing me to put it off .
So , without judging what comes out , I sit down and start typing away .
I work for an hour and a half and write a considerable chunk .
I feel so much better that I fall back to sleep for another couple of hours .
When I wake up I feel confident , as if I am using a personal hygiene product that works just as its TV commercials promise .
Day 8
The next step : outsourcing !
Apparently when you spend hours completing menial tasks , it actually costs you money , because you could be spending that time doing something more profitable .
You might as well write a check to Failure .
The thought of my own foreign task force is instantly appealing .
I find the virtual - assistant service Ask Sunday .
( Readers : Mention " Chris Hardwick " to get me a huge discount . )
For $ 39 a month I can make up to 15 requests — almost anything that 's doable in 20 minutes .
Here 's what I send :
* Hello ,
1 ) Please reserve a rental car for me at the Denver Airport .
I 'll be arriving next Wednesday at 3 pm and returning the following Monday at 10 am .
Midsize car is fine , but it must have navigation system .
You may use my Hertz # 1 Club Gold number , because I am both a mover and a shaker .
2 ) Please find the closest Moose Lodge to Hollywood , California .
3 ) Please find a store where the Canon HF11 video camera is available near the zip code 90036 .
4 ) Please list three types of monkeys that are native to Canada .
Thanks !*
Within an hour I have my rental car , learn of two Moose Lodges within 8 miles of my home , get the address of a camera store with one HF11 in stock , and receive this :
Hi Chris .
Per your request , I did an extensive search regarding monkeys that are native to Canada .
Unfortunately , I could not find the required information within the allotted 20 minutes .
At least I did n't waste half of one of my own hours to learn that there are no monkeys from Canada ; this way I was freed to learn what sort of extramarital affair Don Draper is flicking ashes on this week .
Side note : I applaud Canada for outsourcing its monkeys .
Day 11
Why defer your retirement until you 're too worn out from busting your hump to enjoy it ?
Ferriss says we should take " mini- retirements " throughout our lives .
I have a hunch that this used to be called " vacation , " but I do n't have much time to work that out .
As I 'm back in Chicago to shoot a segment for Wired Science , I decide to take a mini-mini - retirement : one day .
I sit in Millennium Park , feed birds , silently judge others , and shout at kids to get off my lawn .
Day 14 I am exhausted from getting up in the middle of the night to write .
If I ever do achieve a four - hour work week , I wo n't schedule it at 5 in the morning .
Freelancer rating : 5/5 Ferriss ' MO seems aimed at enticing corporate drones to defect .
Join me on the Dark Side !
Change in personal habits : I remain disorganized , but I now have a network of assistants looking up stupid shit for me .
To Sum Up
Allen , Morgenstern , and Ferriss are a nicely compatible family unit : David Allen is the practical dad who reminds you not to overcomplicate things ; just get the job done .
Julie Morgenstern is the encouraging mom who , while hugging you , says , " It 'll be all right ; you just need to focus on what 's important here . "
And Tim Ferriss is the upstart kid who cries , " Think outside the box , man ! "
So in retrospect , it makes sense that I found it easier to cherry - pick elements from each and stitch together my own wearable cloak of efficiency .
Now , I know that David Allen is the head vampire of productivity , but if you only have the fortitude to read a single book , I 'm gonna throw my lithe frame behind The 4 - Hour Workweek .
Ferriss lays out a series of nimble yet perfectly legal cons to help you break out of the corporate Bastille — and work from the actual Bastille , if you want .
That sly creativity best fits the rogue nature of the freelancer .
Look , freelancers are " free " because they take risks — they do n't like being told what to do .
That 's both exciting and daunting , because you have to police you .
The trick to being both manager and employee is getting leverage on yourself .
Still , joining any one of these time - management cults full - on seemed too much like getting a real job .
I prefer to swipe the best ideas and ignore the rest .
Further proof that I have the attention span of a procrasturbating pine squirrel .
Chris Hardwick ( hardwicknerdarmy@gmail.com ) does all the things he lists in the first paragraph .
Morning Star
Morning Star
Morning Star
Since I 've written for theand allowed them to use materials from my blog ( all free of charge , naturally ) , I feel I should briefly point out that the bosses there are currently tearing up existing agreements with the staff union .
Those staff members are now balloting for strike action .
The new deal imposed by management amounts to a real terms pay cut , and as such has been rejected by the union .
The bosses are crying poverty , but they are actually planning to hire new staff and have just received half a million pounds in new investment to expand the paper .
They claim that when the investors gave this money , they insisted it be ' ringfenced ' for expansion of the paper .
Even if this is true , there is no excuse for terminating negotiations and imposing a unilateral deal that breaks previous agreements .
The former editor John Haylett ( himself the beneficiary of successful industrial action by the paper 's staff back in 1998 ) is now acting as the management committee representative , and is responsible for sending out the letters imposing the deal unilaterally .
He has accused NUJ members of being " a group of workers who are putting their own interests before those of our class as a whole " .
Supporters of the management position have flooded the blogs with vitriolic claims about the journalists , including the charge that they are going to do what " a government ban , Hitler ’s bombs and the triumph of revisionism in the CPGB and the Soviet Union failed to achieve " , by finishing off the .
This is a lavish Stalinist variant on the old management excuse that " if you strike , you 'll ruin the business " .
Well , until this dispute is resolved , my advice to anyone approached to contribute to thewould be to politely remind them that socialists do not cross picket lines .
Labels : class struggle , morning star , stalinism
A rare look at the Battle of Normandy in color .
DIGG THIS
Before the US House of Representatives Financial Services Committee , February 4 , 2002 .
Mr. Chairman , the collapse of Enron has so far been the cause of numerous hearings , as well as calls for increased federal control over the financial markets and the accounting profession .
For example , legislation has been introduced to force all publicly traded companies to submit to federal audits .
I fear that many of my well - meaning colleagues are reacting to media reports portraying Enron as a reckless company whose problems stemmed from a lack of federal oversight .
It is a mistake for Congress to view the Enron collapse as a justification for more government regulation .
Publicly held corporations already comply with massive amounts of SEC regulations , including the filing of quarterly reports that disclose minute details of assets and liabilities .
If these disclosure rules failed to protect Enron investors , will more red tape really solve anything ?
The real problem with SEC rules is that they give investors a false sense of security , a sense that the government is protecting them from dangerous investments .
In truth , investing carries risk , and it is not the role of the federal government to bail out every investor who loses money .
In a true free market , investors are responsible for their own decisions , good or bad .
This responsibility leads them to vigorously analyze companies before they invest , using independent financial analysts .
In our heavily regulated economy , however , investors and analysts equate SEC compliance with reputability .
The more we look to the government to protect us from investment mistakes , the less competition there is for truly independent evaluations of investment risk .
The SEC , like all government agencies , is not immune from political influence or conflicts of interest .
In fact , the new SEC chief used to represent the very accounting companies now under SEC scrutiny .
If anything , the Enron failure should teach us to place less trust in the SEC .
Yet many in Congress and the media characterize Enron ’s bankruptcy as an example of unbridled capitalism gone wrong .
Few in Congress seem to understand how the Federal Reserve System artificially inflates stock prices and causes financial bubbles .
Yet what other explanation can there be when a company goes from a market value of more than $ 75 billion to virtually nothing in just a few months ?
The obvious truth is that Enron was never really worth anything near $ 75 billion , but the media focuses only on the possibility of deceptive practices by management , ignoring the primary cause of stock overvaluation :
Fed expansion of money and credit .
The Fed consistently increased the money supply ( by printing dollars ) throughout the 1990s , while simultaneously lowering interest rates .
When dollars are plentiful , and interest rates are artificially low , the cost of borrowing becomes cheap .
This is why so many Americans are more deeply in debt than ever before .
This easy credit environment made it possible for Enron to secure hundreds of millions in uncollateralized loans , loans that now can not be repaid .
The cost of borrowing money , like the cost of everything else , should be established by the free market — not by government edict .
Unfortunately , however , the trend toward overvaluation will continue until the Fed stops creating money out of thin air and stops keeping interest rates artificially low .
Until then , every investor should understand how Fed manipulations affect the true value of any company and the level of the markets .
Therefore , if Congress wishes to avoid future bankruptcies like Enron , the best thing it can do is repeal existing regulations which give investors a false sense of security , and reform the country ’s monetary policy to end the Fed - generated boom - and - bust cycle .
Congress should also repeal those programs which provide taxpayer subsidies to large , politically - powerful corporations such as Enron .
Enron provides a perfect example of the dangers of corporate subsidies .
The company was ( and is ) one of the biggest beneficiaries of Export - Import Bank subsidies .
The Export - Import Bank , a program that Congress continues to fund with tax dollars taken from hard - working Americans , essentially makes risky loans to foreign governments and businesses for projects involving American companies .
The Bank , which purports to help developing nations , really acts as a naked subsidy for certain politically - favored American corporations — especially corporations like Enron that lobbied hard and gave huge amounts of cash to both political parties .
Its reward was more that $ 600 million in cash via six different Eximbank - financed projects .
One such project , a power plant in India , played a big part in Enron ’s demise .
The company had trouble selling the power to local officials , adding to its huge $ 618 million loss for the third quarter of 2001 .
Former President Clinton worked hard to secure the India deal for Enron in the mid-90s ; not surprisingly , his 1996 campaign received $ 100,000 from the company .
Yet the media makes no mention of this favoritism .
Clinton may claim he was " protecting " tax dollars , but those tax dollars should never have been sent to India in the first place .
Enron similarly benefited from another federal boondoggle , the Overseas Private Investment Corporation .
OPIC operates much like the Eximbank , providing taxpayer - funded loan guarantees for overseas projects , often in countries with shaky governments and economies .
An OPIC spokesman claims the organization paid more than $ 1 billion for 12 projects involving Enron , dollars that now may never be repaid .
Once again , corporate welfare benefits certain interests at the expense of taxpayers .
The point is that Enron was intimately involved with the federal government .
While most of my colleagues are busy devising ways to " save " investors with more government , we should be viewing the Enron mess as an argument for less government .
It is precisely because government is so big and so thoroughly involved in every aspect of business that Enron felt the need to seek influence through campaign money .
It is precisely because corporate welfare is so extensive that Enron cozied up to D.C. - based politicians of both parties .
It ’s a game every big corporation plays in our heavily regulated economy , because they must when the government , rather than the marketplace , distributes the spoils .
This does not mean Enron is to be excused .
There seems to be little question that executives at Enron deceived employees and investors , and any fraudulent conduct should of course be fully prosecuted .
However , Mr. Chairman , I hope we will not allow criminal fraud in one company , which constitutionally is a matter for state law , to justify the imposition of burdensome new accounting and stock regulations .
Instead , we should focus on repealing those monetary and fiscal policies that distort the market and allow the politically powerful to enrich themselves at the expense of the American taxpayer .
See the Ron Paul File
January 1 , 2009
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
Polyus / Skif-DM
The superheavy launcher Energia left the cosmodrome of Baikonur for the first time on May 15 , 1987 .
This launch was an event for the cosmonautic world because the creation of such a launcher opened new ways for the USSR .
For this first flight Energia carried the experimental apparatus " Skif - DM " 17F19 DM ( " Скиф - ДМ " 17Ф19ДМ ) , disguised under the official name " Polyus " Russian ( " Полюс " means " Pole " ) .
It would seem that Polyus is the Soviet response to the project " Star Wars " launched by the American president Reagan .
It was to be in fact a space combat laser station .
Finally , we know very few things about this apparatus and its real use .
Officially it was intended to make scientific experiments in upper atmosphere .
Aim of Polyus
The flight program of Polyus included 10 experiments : 4 applied and 6 of geophysics .
Experiment VP - 1 was devoted to the validation of the orbiting of large - sized machines .
In experiment VP - 3 it was question of validating the operation of the modules ( systems of control , temperature control , power supply , electromagnetic compatibility ) in space .
The program of geophysics experiments " Mirage - 1 - 2 - 3 " was devoted to the studies of the upper layers of the atmosphere and the ionosphere .
For the geophysics experiments GF - 1/1- GF - 1/2 and GF - 1/3 , it was planned to use the engine of Polyus .
Experiment GF - 1/1 was devoted to the generation of gravitational artificial waves in the upper layers of the atmosphere .
The goal of experiment GF - 1/ 2 was the creation of an artificial " dynamo - effect " in the ionosphere .
Lastly , experiment GF - 1/3 was to generate ionized signals with long waves .
Polyus was equipped with a great quantity of gas ( 420 kg ) , a mixture of xenon and krypton ( 42 balloons of 32 l capacity ) , and a system of emission in the ionosphere .
The creation of Polyus
The beginning of the construction of the spaceship Polyus was initiated in July 1985 , like a full scale mock - up for the first flight of Energia , envisaged at the autumn 1986 .
Because in the middle of the year 1985 it was clear that Buran would not be ready for this launching .
Initially it did not seem difficult to make a vessel of 100 t , but suddenly the manufacturer received the order from the Minister of Industry to transform it to make a spaceship for geophysics experiments in circumterrestrial space , and to cumulate the tests of it and Energia .
The " vessel " have a length of almost 37 m and a diameter of 4.1 m weighed nearly 80 t and included 2 principal sections :
smallest , the functional service block .
largest , the aim module .
The service block looked like a " Salyut " slightly modified for this task and was made up from parts of the ships " Cosmos - 929 , - 1267 , - 1443 , - 1668 " and from modules of MIR - 2 station .
In this block took place the management systems and on - board displacement , the telemetric control , the radiocommunication , the heating system , the antennas and finally the scientific installations .
All the apparatuses wich not supporting the vacuum were installed in the hermetic section .
The part of the engines made up of 4 propulsion engines , 20 auxiliary engines for stabilization and the orientation , 16 precision engines , as well as tanks and pneumo - hydraulics conduits .
Lastly , the production of electricity was made by solar panels which were spread when Polyus was into working orbit .
According to the required standards it took at least 5 years to work out a new vessel , but there were lack of time , so it was necessary to find another method .
It was decided to use the apparatuses , equipment and already tested mechanisms of other vessels and to put them together .
The main block was developed from scratch , but the engineers tried to use a maximum of elements and technologies already checked .
For example , the hang points to Energia were those of Buran and the junction section with the ground was the same that Buran used ( Block Я ) .
The mechanical factory Hrunicheva which was responsible for the assembly of Polyus began the production immediately .
But these efforts were not enough and each Thursday , during the meetings made by the minister O.D. Baklanovym or his assistant O.N. Shishkinym , it was the victim of severe criticisms because the project did not hold the deadlines .
But finally , with the assistance of subcontractor the majority of the elements were delivered to Baikonur in July 1986 .
Radar antennas Radar antennas Orbital maneuvering system Orbital maneuvering system
Flight program
The flight program of Polyus was as follows : after t+212 s of flight at 90 km of altitude the nose cone is removed .
That occurs as follow , at t+212 s the signal to the actuators of the longitudinal assembly is sent , after 0.3 s it is the turn of the bolts of the first transversal assembly group GO , still 0.3 s later it was the turn of the second group bolts .
Lastly , at t+241.1 s the mechanical connections were broken and the nose cone separated .
At t+456.4 s the engines of Energia enter to the intermediate propulsion power , at t+459.4 s they were turned off , at t+460 s Polyus separated from Energia and 0.4 s later the engines of Polyus moved away it from Energia .
Then at t+461.2 s was started the first pulse of the engines for the angular compensation ( pitching , lace and lodging ) , the second at t+463.4 s and the third at t+464 s. 51 s later when Energia and Polyus were distant from 120 m , this last began its reversal .
Because it started with the engines ahead it has to turn over 180° around Z axis to put its engines at the back .
After this reversal at t+565 s the hood is removed , at t+568 s it is the turn of the caps of the side blocks , then the radar antennas are spread .
At t+925 s and 155 km of altitude the 4 principal engines , of a thrust of 417 kg , start during 384 s to stabilize the vessel .
Then at t+2220 s the solar panels are spreading , during 60 s.
Finally , a second impulse at 172 s of the 4 engines is trigger at t+3605 s and complet the orbiting of Polyus at 280 km of altitude and a slope of 64.6 ° .
Preparations for the first flight of Polyus
Initially , the launch was scheduled for September 1986 .
However because of the delay in the factory and the preparation of some systems of the cosmodrome the launch was deferred of 6 months .
It is only at the end of January 1987 that Polyus was moved from the assembly hangar to the assembly building of Energia .
There , on February 3 , 1987 Polyus is docked on Energia .
The following day the unit is carried to the launch pad to undergo a series of common tests there .
The Polyus - Energia unit was really ready only at the end of April .
During all this times ( from the beginning of February to the end of April ) the launcher remained upright on the launch pad .
The tanks of Polyus were filled and during these 3 months it was necessary to take into account the extreme climatic conditions : from - 27 °C to +30 °C , sand and snowstorms , wet snow , rain and fog .
However , the vessel resisted .
After an in - depth study , the departure was fixed at May 12 .
The first launch of Energia and Polyus was so important for the direction of the party that the General Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party itself , Mikhaïl Sergeevich Gorbatchev , went .
However , it is well - known that any apparatus , so simple is it , have a strong probability of breaking down during a demonstration or in the presence of VIPs , this is why the Management committee had decided ( on May 8 ) to delay the departure on May 15 , under pretext of technical problems , knowing that M.S. Gorbatchev could not remain because it had a voyage to the head office of UNO at New York .
M.S. Gorbatchev arrived at Baikonur on May 11 , 1987 , the 12 he visited the technical space installations and more particularly those of Energia and Polyus ( to be sure there were n't any weapons on Polyus ) , then he left on May 13 .
May 15 the departure was programmed to 3 p.m. local time ( 4 p.m. Moscow time ) , the same day the control of Polyus started at 00h10 a.m. and finished at 01h40 a.m..
At 04h00 a.m. the blocks of Energia were filled with nitrogen , at 07h00 a.m. was inserted the nitric preparation in the side block tanks .
The filling of liquid oxygen for Energia started at 08h30 a.m..
However , there have been technical problems during the transfer of propellant and caused 8 hours of delay on the initial planning , but as a certain time of delay was envisaged there was only 2 hours of delay .
Then a problem of valve added one hour and 2 other hours because of a problem in the control panel of the equipment of the flight center .
The new launch time was then 08h30 p.m..
08h30 p.m. the starting signal is given , the maintaining arm felt back and the rocket flies away .
During the first seconds of flight there is a beginning of panic in the underground flight center .
Indeed , Energia leans dangerously on the left , because of a problem in the algorithm of the control system .
This movement was envisaged but was corrected thereafter for the launch of Buran .
Then Energia corrects its trajectory and continues its flight .
Energia separates from Polyus at t+460 s and an altitude of 110 km .
And there the troubles begin because only one of the 16 positioning engines work .
At t+512 s the operation of reversal of 180° begin , at t+568 s the lids of the side blocks and protective lid SBV are ejected .
Then the catastrophe occurs , the engines of reversals do not stop functioning although Polyus made its 180° rotation .
Then the principal engine cannot give sufficient speed to Polyus to put itself into orbit and it continuous according to the ballistic trajectory and goes crashing in the Pacific Ocean in the same zone as the block of the 2nd stage of Energia to a 2.5 - 6 km depth .
In spite of the failure of putting in orbit Polyus this flight made it possible to gather a significant number of datas , about launching of a load by Energia , which will be used for the launching of Buran :
The use of a heavy launcher with a load laid out in an asymmetrical way is validated .
Reception of many data telemetric during all the flight .
Validation of the technical installations on the ground .
Studies for the new space station of 100 t are started .
Moreover other parts of Polyus were re-used , the nose cone was used for the apparatuses " Quantum - 2 " , " Crystal " , " Spectrum " and " Nature " , as well as the first element of the international space station ISS which was the electric block FGB " Paddle " .
Perhaps hard to fathom in retrospect , many Soviets fearful of a perceived U.S. Shuttle capability skip in and out of the Earth 's and surreptitiously drop a hydrogen bomb on major Soviet city such as the capital .
Chertok , a long - time fixture in Soviet space who worked at NPO Energia , told his that the U.S. Shuttle flying peacefully far from our borders , can throw the missile and air defense off - guard and carry out sudden maneuver … and flying over Moscow , drop a bomb weighing up to 25 tons with strength of at least 25 megatons .
Gubanov , head designer of the Energia , later wrote studies conducted by Mstislav Keldysh , the influential of the Soviet National Academy of Sciences , this supposed capability and recommended countering this threat by building a similar Shuttle that launch a nuclear strike .
Chertok quoted Keldysh saying the U.S. could achieve a decisive advantage when the Space Shuttle is commissioned they will be capable of launching a nuclear strike at the vital facilities of country .
Polyus , space combat , orbital station , Star Wars project , MIR - 2 , USSR , Polyus , space combat , orbital station , Star Wars project , MIR - 2 , USSR , Polyus , space combat , orbital station , Star Wars project , MIR - 2 , USSR , Polyus , space combat , orbital station , Star Wars project , MIR - 2 , USSR
Behind closed doors , members of the International Whaling Commission ( IWC ) have been discussing a proposal that would give give Japan the right to hunt whales in its coastal waters .
IWC officials say the controversial proposal is a compromise measure , as Japan would also have to agree to limit its hunts in the Southern Ocean , but opponents say it amounts to an official sanction of Japan 's whale hunts .
The International Fund for Animal Welfare argues that the proposal is
part of a dangerous drift towards commercial whaling in the 21st century .
" This is Whalergate , " the global director of the fund 's whale program , Patrick Ramage , said [ Sydney Morning Herald ] .
The proposal was put forward by American commission member William Hogarth , a Bush appointee , who has argued that a compromise is necessary to keep Japan from withdrawing from the commission .
In recent years , the whaling commission ... has been deadlocked between the anti- and pro-whaling camps .
Rather than setting a clear direction for conserving and managing whale populations worldwide , its meetings have become contentious donnybrooks in which the two sides have competed for influence while little changed .
Worldwide , three countries -- Japan , Iceland and Norway -- continue to hunt whales , either in the name of research or , in Norway 's case , under a commercial exception established more than 20 years ago [ Washington Post ] .
The draft proposal suggests that Japan be allowed to engage in " coastal whaling " along its shores , although it does n't specify how many whales could be killed under such a plan .
In return , Japan would have to scale back the annual whale hunt it conducts around Antarctica , in what the Japanese government calls " scientific " whaling .
Japan has begun taking more whales in recent years under the science designation , killing 872 in 2007 , compared with 540 in 1997 [ Washington Post ] .
The proposal says that the IWC could either come up with a " sustainable " limit on the number of Antarctic minke whales that could be killed each year , or that hunts in the Southern Ocean could gradually be phased out altogether .
The proposal has already generated intense resistance from wildlife conservation groups , who say that increased whaling in Japan 's coastal waters will put additional stress on whale populations near Japan .
The International Fund for Animal Welfare also takes issue with the proposal 's statement that
the global moratorium on commercial whaling " will remain in effect " .
Mr Ramage said : " That seems to rank alongside ' there is no recession ' and ' there are [ weapons of mass destruction ] ' as an Orwellian approach beyond belief " [ Sydney Morning Herald ] .
Related Content : 80 beats : Cacophony in the Ocean May Confuse Whales and Drown Out Their Songs 80 beats : Navy 1 , Whales 0 : Supreme Court Allows Navy ’s Sonar Exercises 80 beats : Whaling Conference Dodges Thorny Issues ; Uneasy Truce Continues
Image : flickr / René Ehrhardt
• Dear readers , my head is spinning .
Here 's why .
I was invited to the first ever literary festival in Dubai - the Emirates Airline international festival of literature .
I accepted : who would not wish to support such a brave venture ?
Goodwill abounded .
Hope flowed - among the streams of which was a hope for tolerant cultural interchanges .
Oh , those idealists - when will they ever learn ?
Then , a week before my planned departure , a nasty storm broke out .
Geraldine Bedell claimed that her novel The Gulf Between Us had been " banned " and " censored " for containing - among other things - the whiff of a mention of a gay sheikh .
From reading the press , I got the impression that her book had been scheduled to launch at the festival , and that the launch had then been cancelled , for whiff - o' gay - sheikh reasons ; and that , furthermore , it had been banned throughout the Gulf states ; and that furthermore , Bedell herself had been prohibited from attending the festival , and also from travelling in Dubai .
So said TheCelebrityCafe.com and other commentators .
This was a case for Anti-Censorship Woman !
I nipped into the nearest phone booth , hopped into my cape and coiled my magic lasso , and swiftly cancelled my own appearance ; because , as a vice - president of International PEN , I could not give my August Seal of Elderly Writer Approval to such a venue .
Well done , Anti-Censorship Woman ! was the response .
How stalwart !
But possibly not .
Although I had read the press statement by the festival 's director , Isobel Abulhoul , it had not done much to reassure me .
Then I spoke with her in person .
This is what I understand her to have said : Bedell 's book was not poised to be launched at the festival ; thus no launch had been cancelled .
Penguin had asked for the launch , and Abulhoul had commented that this was a little - known writer who would not ordinarily be accorded that kind of slot .
But she asked to see the manuscript .
On the basis of that , she passed .
This happens every day at every festival in the world .
Publishers always want to launch or feature their authors , and all festivals pick and choose .
Usually , however - being experienced - they do n't give the real reasons for their rejections .
They do n't say " It 's a stinker " or " The local Christians will barbecue us " .
They say : " Not suitable for our purposes . "
They know that if they tell the truth , they 'll be up to their noses in the merde .
First - time festivalite Abulhoul had not yet been hardened in the fire .
She was candid .
She sent her actual reactions in an email : publisher asked , publisher did n't get , here 's why .
She thought the exchange was frank and also confidential .
She thought all parties were acting in good faith .
Silly her .
So goes her version .
All that was last September .
The little golden time bomb of a refusal - with - reasons was carefully guarded by someone - who ?
- until now , when it was hurled into the press to great publicity effect , easily stampeding people like me .
Are n't we all too ready to believe that This Is Exactly What Those People Do ?
To arms , Anti-Censorship Woman !
But was Bedell invited and then disinvited to the festival ?
Abulhoul says that , in fact , Bedell never answered the letter of invitation in the first place .
Penguin says that maybe she was invited personally , but they do n't know .
Is the book banned from the festival ?
No , says Abulhoul .
Is it banned in Dubai ?
No , says Abulhoul .
Yes , says Penguin - they say they were told this by a bookseller in Dubai .
Is the author banned ?
No , says Abulhoul .
Is the book banned in the Gulf States ?
Who knows ?
It 's not even published until April .
Is this a case of " banning " and " censorship " ?
I 'm not sure those terms apply .
Maybe they do , maybe not : we 'll find out in time .
Is it a case of a naive organiser giving her honest opinion about possible local reaction ?
Does Bedell have a right to a festival slot because her publisher asks for it ?
Line up to the right , all Refuseniks .
So what do I do now ?
Having leapt into this dog 's breakfast , I have it all over my face .
And Bedell or no Bedell , the question of censorship remains .
Every country has some form of the not - permitted .
In Canada , child pornography and hate literature are both illegal .
What should not be permitted seems self - evident to those within a culture , though often bizarre to those outside it .
The positive effect of this fracas is that the door has now been opened for a discussion of such matters .
PEN will send its international secretary , Eugene Schoulgin , to initiate such a discussion ; there is talk of a panel .
I am considering my options .
Should I - for instance - appear at the festival on video screen ?
Or are there yet more twists and turns to this story ?
Books are seriously " banned " and " censored " around the world , and people have been imprisoned , murdered and executed for what they 've written .
A loose use of these terms is not helpful .
MA
• To the University of Manchester , where Martin Amis and Howard Jacobson were discussing literature and Britishness last week .
" You see before you the last two comic British novelists , " Amis announced .
" If I had to pick three pieces of prose to make you laugh , " Jacobson said , " one would be by Martin and the other two would be mine . "
Professor Murray Pittock , the chair , tried to bring the debate to order , but the novelists just wanted to talk about sex .
Why are Welsh women so sexy , demanded Jacobson as he remembered the sexual revolution of the 1960s - in Wales towards the end of 1971 .
Amis told a funny anecdote that ended with the punchline " When I came across the word ' schadenfreude ' , I thought it was Welsh . "
The home of the stiff upper lip , Jacobson said , has become the nation of the wet trembling lip .
The British can't stop crying .
" They 're sobbing because they 've lost a talent show , because they have no talent . "
Their dream has been shattered .
Even the meaning of the word " dream " has changed .
We have imported the American sense .
But , Amis asserted , we have to " plagiarise American society .
Just as a Pakistani in New York will say , ' I am an American ' , a Pakistani in Bradford should be able to say , ' I am British . ' "
Questions from the floor prompted Jacobson to remember enjoying being the butt of antisemitic jokes at Bernard Manning 's Embassy Club .
Both writers argued for the right to offend .
" I do n't think you can have a decent life unless somewhere decency is being trashed , " said Jacobson .
" A culture loses its nerve if it does n't believe it has a centre .
You can't have margins without a centre . "
NR
• Three of the five nominees for best picture at tomorrow 's Oscars are adapted from novels or short fiction , and what an odd set of works these sources are : a little - known life - in - reverse fantasy ( " The Curious Case of Benjamin Button " ) by the 25 - year - old F Scott Fitzgerald ; a first novel by an Indian diplomat , Vikas Swarup ( Q&A , adapted as Slumdog Millionaire ) ; and a German crime writer 's switch to fiction addressing Holocaust guilt ( Bernhard Schlink 's The Reader ) .
But then few of the 17 novels that have been best picture sources over the past 50 years are books that have movie written all over them , or by authors whose literary reputations have producers salivating .
Lew Wallace , James Leo Herlihy , Avery Corman , Judith Guest , Michael Blake ?
Hardly names that resonate , but they respectively wrote the books behind Ben-Hur , Midnight Cowboy , Kramer vs Kramer , Ordinary People and Dances with Wolves ( Guest remains the only woman since Colette - Gigi won in 1959 - to have written a novel leading to a best picture ) .
A handful of films adapted from big - name literary novels have picked up the Academy 's main prize .
Leaving aside the 60s triumphs for Fielding ( Tom Jones ) and Dickens ( Oliver ! ) , and the quasi- factual Schindler 's
Ark , the most illustrious novels to have won since 1959 are Michael Ondaatje 's The English Patient ( widely seen as unadaptable ) , JRR Tolkien 's The Return of the King ( almost 50 years after its publication ) and Cormac McCarthy 's No Country for Old Men ( an outlandish , gory western ) .
More obviously movie - friendly texts - Atonement , Chocolat and Brokeback Mountain - tend to inspire films that get nominated only to lose out on Oscars night .
But mega - sellers rarely result in best picture winners either .
The screenwriter William Goldman 's dictum about making films seems also to apply to whether a novel has the potential to carry off the most prestigious Oscar statuette : " Nobody knows anything - every time out it 's a guess " .
JD
I noted in that post that the price of oil seems to drop as the price of the dollar rises against currencies such as the Euro .
As I delve into the question more , I am starting to learn more about why the value of the dollar has recently been rising .
It seems that the rising value of the dollar is tied to a combination of things -- one is the flight to the US dollar for safety , another is the unwind of the carry trade , and a third is margin calls on hedge funds and other borrowers .
The rising level of the dollar because of these issues seems to be a major contributor to the recent decline in oil prices .
A few days ago , I wrote a post titled Why Are Oil ( and Gasoline ) Prices So Low ?
Since then , OPEC has voted to cut oil production 1.5 million barrels a day .
In spite of this , the price of oil is about 5 % lower .
The purpose of this post is to add an update , with a little more of the story about why the price of oil is dropping more than some of us would expect .
This is an excerpt from a Reuters article talking about the connection with the flight to safety :
Treasuries ride high on dollar inflows , for now
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
As global investors reverse trades in foreign currencies and stocks and run to the U.S. dollar amid fears of a global recession , they are sheltering much of the cash they salvage in a familiar safe harbor , the U.S. government bond market .
In the near term , Treasury debt prices stand to gain from this capital flight out of a range of other assets across the globe .
But when the flow back to dollars ultimately abates , a big risk awaits holders of U.S. government bonds .
If the dollar falls out of favor with global investors just as the government accelerates debt issuance to pay for financial system rescues , bond yields will spike , analysts warn .
" The Treasury rally will turn into a Treasury bear market once the dollar starts to roll over , " said Don Coxe , global portfolio strategist with BMO Capital Markets in Chicago .
So what are the big risks that the cash is fleeing from ?
One seems to be the fact that the emerging markets are " tanking " .
Their stock markets are down by 50 % or more from values earlier this year .
Investment dollars are fleeing these struggling markets to the relative safety of the US dollar .
Another risk is that the European banks seem to have lent heavily to the emerging markets .
According to this U. K.
Telegraph article , these debts are now likely to become a huge problem for European banks .
The latest data from the Bank for International Settlements shows that Western European banks hold almost all the exposure to the emerging market bubble , now busting with spectacular effect .
They account for three - quarters of the total $ 4.7 trillion ( £ 2.96 trillion ) in cross - border bank loans to Eastern Europe , Latin America and emerging Asia extended during the global credit boom – a sum that vastly exceeds the scale of both the US sub - prime and Alt - A debacles .
If this is the case , the Euro is not likely to be a good currency to be in .
In fact , the situation starts to look very bleak .
Another reason the US dollar has been rising is because the co-ordinated interest cuts have reduced the profitability of the " carry trade " .
This was pointed out in the comments to my earlier post by Steve from Virginia .
In the " carry trade " , investors borrow the currency with low interest rates , and invest their money in countries with higher interest rates .
With the smaller interest differential , this is becoming unwound .
This unwind is affecting both the US dollar and the Japanese Yen .
The effect is to increase the value of these currencies that are being unwound relative to other currencies .
With a higher US dollar , the price of oil is lower to US consumers .
A closely related issue to the " unwind of the carry trade " is the fact that hedge funds are now being forced to sell their investments , either because of margin calls or because investors are leaving the funds .
In my earlier post , I mentioned the fact that hedge funds were historically net long on oil , and sale of oil futures by the hedge funds would cause a downward pressure on oil prices .
What I did n't consider was that the hedge funds were also selling foreign investments .
The sale of these investments and return of the borrowed US dollars would also would also raise the level of the dollar .
All of this raising of the level of the dollar has been acting to lower the price of oil .
This is an article about the problem :
Dollar roars back as global debts are called in
For six years the world has been borrowing dollars to bet on property , oil , metals , emerging markets , and every bubble in every corner of the globe .
This has been the dollar " carry trade " , conducted on a huge scale with high leverage .
Now the process has reversed abruptly as debt deflation - or " deleveraging " - engulfs world markets .
The dollars must be repaid .
. .
Hedge funds are 75 pc dollar - based , regardless of where they come from .
Many are now having to repatriate their dollars as margin calls , client withdrawls , and the need to slash risk forces them to cut leverage .
The hedge fund industry had assets of $ 1.9 trillion at the peak of the bubble .
For the countries from whom investment is being withdrawn , the combination of the withdrawal of investment funds and the lower levels of their currencies have very negative impacts .
At these lower currency levels , imports of all types , including oil , cost more .
Also , the withdrawal of investment funds from these other countries harms the economies of these countries , further exacerbating the flight of currency from these countries .
I might also note that with reduced investment in these countries , it is likely that the demand for oil is dropping , or will soon start to drop .
This reduced demand for oil , by itself , is likely to exert a downward impact on oil prices .
This destructive cycle will not continue indefinitely .
At some point , central banks will sell US dollars , to try to get currencies more in sync .
Hedge funds may begin to fail , as the value of the assets sold is insufficient to cover the debt supporting the assets .
Also , it is not clear that the US can continue indefinitely as the source of safety .
The US will be issuing many billion dollars of debt to pay for all of the bailouts .
At some point , it may be difficult to find buyers for all the debt .
Alternatives to US Dollar
We are at this point hearing talk about the possibility of a replacement for the US dollar as the reserve currency .
An official Chinese paper had this story in the last couple of days :
U.S. has plundered world wealth with dollar -- China paper
BEIJING , Oct 24 ( Reuters ) - The United States has plundered global wealth by exploiting the dollar 's dominance , and the world urgently needs other currencies to take its place , a leading Chinese state newspaper said on Friday .
The front - page commentary in the overseas edition of the People 's Daily said that Asian and European countries should banish the U.S. dollar from their direct trade relations for a start , relying only on their own currencies .
This week - end , an Asian - European group held its biennial forum .
One of the primary topics discussed was the financial crisis .
According to this report ,
" I 'm pleased to confirm a shared determination and commitment of Europe and Asia to work together , " EU Commission President Jose Barroso said at a closing news conference .
He said participants would use the statement as the basis of their approach at the Nov. 15 Washington summit of the 20 largest economies .
Although short on details , the statement , adopted Friday , calls on the IMF and similar institutions to help stabilize struggling banks and shore up flagging share prices .
On Saturday , there was also a meeting of the Gulf Co-operation Council , talking about dealing with the financial crisis .
The Gulf Co-operation Council has been working toward a common currency , effective January 1 , 2010 ( less than 15 months from now ) .
According to the report of this weekend 's meeting :
The Gulf states , which are preparing for a single currency , emerged from the meeting with few public statements on how they would work together .
Asked about the level of impact on Gulf economies , Qatari Minister of Finance Youssef Kamal said : “ The likely effects of the global crisis , we can and we are dealing with through the measures we have already taken .
The crisis proves how much we need a single currency and that a single central bank should be a supervisory body that will help in crisis hours . ”
On November 15 , there will be a G20 Summit meeting in Washington to deal with the financial crisis .
In the meantime , we can expect a lot of volatility in financial markets .
The fluctuating value of the dollar is likely to continue to flow through to affect the price of oil .
There are clearly supply and demand issues as well , but the volatility in the financial markets is likely to hide what would be " normal " trends .
Full Disclosure mailing list archives
Oracle Secure Backup 10g Remote Code Execution
Hi , Happy new year !
Attached goes and advisory for one of the recently fixed Oracle vulnerabilities in the product Oracle Secure Backup .
Regards , Joxean Koret
Attachment : oracle - secure - backup-2009-01-14.txt
Description :
Attachment : signature.asc
Description :
This is a digitally signed message part
_______________________________________________
Full - Disclosure -
We believe in it .
Charter : http://lists.grok.org.uk/full-disclosure-charter.html
Hosted and sponsored by Secunia - http://secunia.com/
By Date By Thread
Current thread :
The 43 forces of England and Wales are neither fish nor fowl .
They are not accountable locally or nationally and can be run like fiefdoms – ordering their own IT , uniforms and equipment .
Chief Constables are nominally accountable to Police Authorities but they lack a direct electoral connection .
Despite having the most expensive police service in the developed world per capita - costing 20 per cent more as proportion of GDP than the US - Reform ’s new report , A New Force , shows that there are major gaps in provision , particularly in tackling organised crime .
The street price of drugs is falling – cocaine costs half as much as a decade ago .
People - trafficking is rising .
The recent SOCA Threat Assessment showed that criminal gangs are importing ever larger quantities of fire arms , fuelling gun crime in London , Manchester and Birmingham .
Tuesday ’s announcement that police forces will be obliged to cut officer numbers going into recession to get the budgets into shape puts a spotlight on how effectively and efficiently we police as a country .
Elizabeth Truss is deputy director of Reform , the independent , non-party think - tank , and is co-author of its new paper on police reform , A New Force , which is published today .
Here she previews that paper .
HM Inspectorate of Constabulary ’s 2005 Closing the Gap report highlighted a huge gap in dealing with national serious and organised crime , with many of the 43 forces lacking the capability to deal effectively with high - level threats .
Cooperation and intelligence - sharing to deal with crime that crosses regional boundaries is weak .
The report declared that “ the 43 force structure is no longer fit for purpose ” .
At the same time police forces are too large to be truly flexible or local .
Studies suggest that a small force with closer to 100 officers solves more crimes per officer perform than one of 1,000 .
( West Yorkshire Police has 5,000 officers . )
The failed “ superforces ” model proposed by Charles Clarke would only have exacerbated this problem .
The challenge of coordinating national crime fighting in Britain has been a perennial topic .
A national police force was first proposed by Robert Peel in 1828 .
A minority report submitted to the 1962 Royal Commission made the same recommendation .
It has never quite taken off as England and Wales does not fit a simple federal model like Germany or the US , with a clearly defined balance between the local and the national .
The response of governments has been therefore to do nothing .
In the absence of anyone else filling the gap the Metropolitan Police have taken a national lead role in many areas , often in conjunction with the Association of Chief Police Officers ( ACPO ) .
The Met already leads on counter - terrorism , coordinating “ hubs ” based in seven locations around the country .
These hubs are staffed by local forces and funded by the Home Office .
The Met also coordinates mutual aid ( on behalf of ACPO ) between forces and Police Support Units , which provide additional or specialist resources when needed .
The Government has acknowledged that the Metropolitan Police is the only show in town for e-crime .
After dissolving the National Hi-Tech Crime Unit into SOCA in 2006 , the Government has launched a new Police Central e-crime Unit , sited at the Met , not SOCA – at a cost to taxpayers of £ 7 million .
Reform recommends that the successful counter - terrorism hub model is used to combat organised crime .
The Met would coordinate while local forces provide the manpower in local hubs and the Home Office provides funds .
Thus the serious crime work remains “ embedded ” in local police forces .
Accountability should be sharpened up by making the Metropolitan Police formally responsible for leading on national and regional serious and organised crime .
Models of operation should be much more transparent .
Both counter - terrorism and mutual aid are dealt with by bodies commissioned by ACPO committees .
ACPO is a limited company that is exempt from FOI requests .
Police forces do not publish itemised accounts or details of their chain of command or accountability structures .
Proper national accountability needs to be accompanied by proper local accountability .
This is best done by matching police force boundaries to local authority boundaries in “ natural ” communities .
Thus we could see the development of a Leeds City Force or a Brighton and Hove Force , free from the constraints of their amorphous regions .
Ours is not a “ big bang ” proposal .
It would be up to local leaders to decide – they could continue to joint commission forces , or they could choose to secede and run their local policing independently .
Our research indicates that in 11 cases boundaries already match , and in 25 cases police Basic Command Units ( BCUs ) with boundaries that match local government could form the forces .
Only 7 of the 43 forces pose a problem with current BCU and local government boundaries .
Compared to other public services , the police are in a good position , with a strong record and an esprit de corps unmatched in health or education .
Our proposals seek to preserve this but at the same time address the twin threats of low level and serious crime .
The Home Office must step away from interfering in operational practices and reintroduce greater discretion , taking advantage of the professionalism of police officers .
In return the police must accept greater transparency and accountability from local and national authorities .
On a February night nearly two years ago , a Boston computer programmer named Jascha Franklin - Hodge was entertaining a first date over dinner at Shanti , in Dorchester , when his cellphone rang , displaying a Chicago number .
Bolting from his plate of korma and dashing outside , he heard good news from the fledgling Barack Obama campaign .
Franklin - Hodge and his squad of Web designers and programmers at Blue State Digital -- a small start - up in a creaky - floored loft office on Congress Street in the Seaport District -- had been hired to build much of Obama for America 's digital backbone : the interactive and social - networking features of my.barackobama.com , or MyBO .
MyBO would become the hub of the campaign 's online efforts to organize supporters , channel their energies effectively , enable them to call millions of voters , and , of course , collect donations .
Today President - elect Obama has a new soapbox , change.gov , the official transition website ( also built by Blue State Digital ) .
It features such novelties as Cabinet nominees giving YouTube replies to comments posted by average Americans .
The extent to which Obama goes on to use the Web -- as a portal to release more government data for public consumption , as an instrument for rallying Americans to advance his agenda , and to bypass traditional media -- is yet to be seen .
But his campaign platform promised Obama would use technology to create " a new level of transparency , accountability , and participation . "
When Obama takes the oath of office nine days from now , his hallmark is likely to be a massive use of the Web .
He certainly took online campaigning to a new level .
His e-campaign included not only MyBO , of course , but also the powerful leveraging of everything from text - messaging to YouTube video propagation to supporter networks on platforms like Facebook -- and on a scale that dwarfed what was achieved by Hillary Clinton or John McCain ( for example , Obama had more than 3.4 million Facebook supporters , six times McCain 's number ) .
Of course , that night at Shanti , all that was clear to Franklin - Hodge was that a polished but long - shot junior senator would step to a Springfield , Illinois , lectern nine days later , on February 10 , 2007 , to announce his candidacy .
Franklin - Hodge -- a baritone - voiced MIT dropout , now 29 years old -- had been around this block once before ; he was part of a core group of geeks who built the then - novel online apparatus for the Howard Dean campaign .
But 2003 was still the Dark Ages for online social networking .
The Dean tools for setting up meetings and donating were a little rough .
More important , fewer Americans were comfortable using the Internet to form communities and to organize .
( In 2003 , Facebook did n't exist in its present form but today has more than 40 million American accounts ; it seems every other Joe Sixpack has a Facebook profile . )
So after Dean self - immolated with his " I Have a Scream " speech , Franklin - Hodge and three others cofounded Blue State Digital to hone the software for Democratic and progressive organizations .
( Both Ted Kennedy and John Kerry have used the company . )
While Blue State is based in Washington , D.C. , the choice of technology headquarters was no accident : Boston has the political activism of D.C. and the technological edge of Silicon Valley ; it 's the Hub of the progressive geek universe .
And by 2007 , everything came together for a national Web-centric political campaign -- the technology , its acceptance by more Americans , and , of course , the BlackBerry - bearing Barack .
The Obama campaign " embraced what it was we were trying to do : show that technology was n't just a tool in the arsenal , but a transformative force , " Franklin - Hodge recalls .
" They knew they did n't have the kind of political machine Clinton was going to come in with .
They had to build their own machine , and the way to do this was with the online tools .
The campaign understood the power of the Internet to get people engaged in the process on a scale never done before . "
One of Blue State 's cofounders -- Joe Rospars , another Dean alumnus -- became embedded in the Obama campaign as its new - media director .
Franklin - Hodge , who is Blue State 's chief technology officer , ran the Boston technology boiler room .
By the time Obama wrapped up his Springfield speech , the company 's main bank of servers , in Somerville , was getting hammered with hits .
Newcomers to MyBO found simple , intuitive ways to get involved .
You could click a button to donate .
You could see maps displaying locations and details about area house parties .
You could , of course , organize your own event and download the Obama message du jour .
You could establish your own fund - raising efforts and watch the " thermometer " rise as your acquaintances ponied up .
And after you surrendered your e-mail address , you would get messages signed by everyone from Michelle Obama to Al Gore , with new exhortations as the primary and general election campaigns progressed .
( Similar tools were available on the Democratic National Committee 's website , also built by Blue State . )
Compounding the power of MyBO , Blue State added new ways for the campaign to allow any casual volunteer to make calls to voters .
This powerful nexus was enabled by a second local company , Voter Activation Network , in Somerville 's Davis Square .
" The VAN , " as it is known , is putting ever - sleeker interfaces on the DNC 's national voter database , turning yesterday 's state - by - state spreadsheets into something as easily accessed and manipulated as an iPod song list .
Tens of thousands of volunteers -- including many logging onto MyBO , others entering from the DNC site or from computers at local campaign offices -- clicked a button to download small batches of voters ' names , a script for querying them about their views and voting plans , and their local polling addresses .
Millions of such calls were made during the heated primary battle -- a scale unprecedented because of the previous practical barriers .
" The improvements from a few years back is unbelievable , " says Mark Sullivan , cofounder of VAN .
In the four days before Election Day , thousands of volunteers used MyBO to make more than 3 million calls .
It is possible to overstate the role of the Web in the 2008 presidential campaign , but not by much .
Clinton and McCain wielded ( or , eventually wielded ) all of the same tools , but did not place the Web at the center of fund - raising , organizing , and communicating -- or do so from the very start -- to the extent Obama did .
The Web was to Obama what television was to John F. Kennedy , and then some .
Obama 's campaign garnered a staggering $ 500 million in online donations from more than 3 million people .
( Dean got $ 27 million in Internet donations during his bid for the nomination . )
Within MyBO , supporters ' self - directed fund - raising efforts raked in $ 30 million from 70,000 individuals .
People spent 14 million hours watching campaign - related Obama videos on YouTube : 50 million views in all .
And in the days before November 4 , Web - based volunteers helped form " the biggest nationwide field organization ever created , " Franklin - Hodge says .
Given these numbers , there 's little doubt Obama 's people will adapt the e-machinery to governing ; just how is a work in progress .
His transition team did not grant an interview for this story , but clues are on display on change.gov .
His radio address is now also a YouTube video address .
His team has solicited public comment on policy matters , asked people to organize house parties to talk about healthcare , and wheeled out aides such as Health and Human Services Secretary - designee Tom Daschle to provide YouTube answers to posted submissions .
They have launched an " Open for Questions " feature in which visitors can ask and vote on questions for the administration :
In one week at the beginning of December , 20,000 people posed 10,000 questions and cast 1 million votes on them .
In an early nod to increased openness , the transition team has also posted a sortable , searchable list of donors who contributed $ 200 or more to the Obama inaugural committee .
It 's far from clear whether all of this amounts to substantive change , or merely represents a patina of changelike communications .
Obama 's campaign promised to use the Internet to furnish easily searchable files on everything from government spending to data on regulated industries , and to Webcast more public meetings .
When I spoke before the election to Lawrence Lessig , a Stanford law professor and Internet adviser to the campaign , he pointed out that Obama needs to fight hard for real change -- like fixing healthcare , radically reducing greenhouse - gas emissions to fight climate change , and ensuring Internet freedoms -- to sustain his network 's enthusiasm .
" The thing they do n't quite recognize is how much of their enormous support comes from the perception that this is someone different , " Lessig said .
" If they behave like everyone else , how much will that stanch the passion of his support ? "
Food writer 's online guide to building an H - bomb ... the ' evidence ' that put this man in Guantanamo
A British ‘ resident ’ held at Guantanamo Bay was identified as a terrorist after confessing he had visited a ‘ joke ’ website on how to build a nuclear weapon , it was revealed last night .
Binyam Mohamed , a former UK asylum seeker , admitted to having read the ‘ instructions ’ after allegedly being beaten , hung up by his wrists for a week and having a gun held to his head in a Pakistani jail .
It was this confession that apparently convinced the CIA that they were holding a top
Al Qaeda terrorist .
TORTURE CLAIMS : Binyam Mohamed , the man held at Guantanamo after reading a satirical website , which ' teaches ' its readers how to build a bomb
But The Mail on Sunday can reveal that the offending article – called How To Build An H - Bomb – was first published in a US satirical magazine and later placed on a series of websites .
Written by Barbara Ehrenreich , the publication ’s food editor , Rolling Stone journalist Peter Biskind and scientist Michio Kaku , it claims that a nuclear weapon can be made ‘ using a bicycle pump ’ and with liquid uranium ‘ poured into a bucket and swung round ’ .
Despite its clear satirical bent , the story led the CIA to accuse 30 - year - old Mohamed , a caretaker , of plotting a dirty bomb attack , before subjecting him to its ‘ extraordinary rendition programme ’ .
During his eight - year imprisonment , Mohamed has allegedly been flown to secret torture centres in Pakistan , Morocco , an American - run jail known as the Dark Prison near Kabul in Afghanistan and , finally , to Guantanamo Bay .
The Foreign Secretary is refusing to release classified documents relating to Mohamed ’s detention .
Last week , the High Court ruled that the 42 intelligence papers must remain secret .
However , the judges insisted they had no choice because the Government had informed them of a ‘ threat ’ by the US to withdraw all intelligence co-operation with Britain if the papers were published by the court .
Mr Miliband was then forced to defend the claim in the House of Commons , insisting that the US needed ‘ confidence that its secrets are safe with us ’ .
However , details of what Mohamed told his interrogators , unearthed by this newspaper , are likely to cast further doubt on Mr Miliband ’s stance .
We can reveal that the story which apparently led to Mohamed ’s ordeal could not possibly have been used by a terrorist to build a nuclear weapon .
The satirical article , published in Seven Days magazine , says its authors were given ‘ three days to cook up a workable H - bomb .
They did and we have decided to share their culinary secrets with you ’ .
It adds : ‘ Not that Seven Days supports nuclear terrorism .
We do n’t .
We would prefer to die from familiar poisons like low - level radiation , microwaves , DDT or food dyes , rather than unexpectedly , say as hostage to a Latvian nationalists brandishing a home - made bomb . ’
GUANTANAMO : The U.S. prison where Mohamed was held after being identified as a terrorist by the CIA
The recipe is highly detailed and plainly ridiculous .
The prospective bomb maker is instructed to transform uranium gas into liquid by ‘ subjecting it to pressure ’ , adding : ‘ You can use a bicycle pump for this . ’
The instructions continue : ‘ Then make a simple home centrifuge .
Fill a standard - size bucket one - quarter full of liquid uranium hexafluoride .
‘ Attach a 6ft rope to the bucket handle .
Now swing the rope ( and attached bucket ) around your head as fast as possible .
Keep this up for about 45 minutes .
‘ Slow down gradually , and very gently put the bucket on the floor .
The U - 235 – a uranium isotope which can be used to cause an explosive chain reaction – will have risen to the top , where it can be skimmed off like cream .
Repeat this step until you have the required 10 lb of uranium . ’
Last night , Mohamed ’s lawyer , Clive Stafford Smith , confirmed that the article was central to claims that his client was planning a dirty bomb attack .
‘ Unclassified evidence corroborates Binyam ’s claims that he was threatened – at the time the White House was obsessed by the idea terrorists had access to nuclear materials , ’ he added .
‘ Binyam said that he told them about a website he had once seen on the internet called How To Build An H - Bomb .
He said that this was a joke but they thought it might be serious .
‘ I am speculating but I think this news was sent up the line to the White House , which is when the paranoia kicked in .
They authorised the “ enhanced interrogation techniques ” against Binyam , including the rendition .
This is how they made their
huge mistake , thinking he was a major terrorist as opposed to a London janitor .
‘ It explains why they took a nobody and subjected him to the worst torture of any US prisoner in the past seven years . ’
These Middle Eastern tourists had the time of their life with this new addition to the mexican tourism industry .
Plug -in Prius Hybrid Stands Up to Curvy Vermont Roads , Tops 100 MPG
January 28th , 2009 by Dave Tyler
Road testing at Vermont ’s Green Mountain College on a pair of souped - up plug - in Toyota Prius hybrids has found the cars returning better than 100 miles per gallon in daily commuting .
At times , one car topped 140 MPG .
Steven Letendre ( pictured above ) , economics professor and research scientist at GMC , monitored the travels of his colleague James Harding as he drove a plug - in Prius nine miles each way between the college ’s campus in Poultney and his home in Middletown Springs during the fall semester .
Letendre said he was “ amazed ” by Harding ’s results .
A current Prius can average about 50 MPG .
Toyota has said it will bring a plug - in Prius to market in 2009 .
Harding drives on Vermont Route 140 , a two - lane highway with a speed limit of 50 miles per hour .
He figures his electric bills went up 60 cents a day when he charged the car , which was converted to a plug - in by a company called Hymotion .
“ I was very conscious of the internal display on the dashboard , which tells you when the engine goes from battery power to gas , ” he said .
“ It tends to make you more conscious of the energy the vehicle is using , and instinctively you want to lighten up on the gas pedal as much as possible . ”
The cars are owned by Central Vermont Public Service , the state ’s largest electric utility .
The utility has been promoting and studying the feasibility of plug - in cars in the Green Mountain State .
Plug - in hybrid technology , such as the Chevy Volt , has been drawing a lot of attention .
However some have raised concerns about what the extra load from charging cars could do to the country ’s aging electrical grid .
Vermont ’s grid could handle a fairly large number of plug-ins , say Letendre and Richard Watts , of the University of Vermont Transportation Center .
They reported in 2007 that the Vermont grid could handle 50,000 plug-ins without any upgrades to the system .
The number doubles if drivers recharge at night when grid demand is lower .
Aftermarket plug-ins have grown in popularity , and many owners report mileage figures similar to those logged at GMC .
Photo supplied by Green Mountain College .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
To Hollywood executives , he 's public enemy number one .
To film fans around the world , he 's a modern - day Robin Hood .
As the internet 's most prolific pirate makes his 1,000th illegal film download available to the masses , Tim Walker investigates the mysterious figure known only as aXXo
At 8.40 am on Monday 15 December , a new post appeared on an internet forum called the Darkside Release Group .
" Darkside_RG " is a clearing house for internet pirates , a site dedicated to the online redistribution of movies , music and videogames .
Its members happily spend their days sharing and discussing their ill - begotten booty on the site 's many message boards .
The post in question contained a BitTorrent file – the most widespread and efficient filesharing method on the web – containing an illicit copy of a second - rate Kiefer Sutherland horror film called Mirrors .
Though the mainstream media ignored it , this was a landmark moment for millions of filesharers worldwide : the 1,000th movie uploaded by aXXo , the internet 's most popular and enduring pirate .
If you already know his name , chances are you 've been doing something illegal .
This aXXo may be anonymous , but he ( or she , or they ) is a global brand .
His most popular uploads are downloaded illegally by up to a million internet users per week .
His files regularly make up more than one - third of all the films trafficked on BitTorrent .
Most of them are mainstream multiplex fare – aXXo 's recent posts include Mamma Mia ! ; the Ricky Gervais black comedy Ghost Town ; and Bangkok Dangerous and Eagle Eye , thriller vehicles for Nicolas Cage and Shia LaBeouf .
The list of the Top 100 movie downloads at The Pirate Bay – one of the largest " torrent portal " sites , which aggregate torrent links from around the web – is littered with his work , easily recognisable by the suffix " DVDrip - aXXo " left like a graffiti tag at the end of each filename .
Over at The Pirate Bay 's most popular competitor , Mininova.org , aXXo 's fame is evident in the " search cloud " , a page of the most searched terms on the site , their relative popularity denoted by the size of the font in which their names are displayed .
" Today , the largest search terms might be aXXo and Prison Break , if Prison Break aired on US television last night , " explains David Price , head of piracy intelligence at the internet consultancy Envisional .
" But tomorrow Prison Break will be a lot smaller , whereas aXXo will always be that size .
Over the last two years , he 's been one of the top five searched terms on Mininova every day . "
Whenever aXXo posts a new film ( which can be as often as three times a day ) his followers fill the comments boards with praise .
He is the lowly film - fan 's Robin Hood .
Last year , one aXXo fan , codenamed the_dwarfer , composed a version of the Lord 's Prayer for his idol , which began : " Our ripper , who art on Mininova , aXXo be thy name ... "
The name aXXo first appeared in November 2005 , when he began to post pirated movies to the message board at Darkside_RG .
He quickly acquired a reputation for both quality and convenience .
All of his films were copied to DVD quality ( or near enough for the amateur eye ) ; in a simple format that would play instantly on almost any computer as soon as the download was complete ; and handily compressed to emerge at 700 Mb , just the right size to fit on a single writeable CD .
Uploaders generally have a shelf life of a few months before they get bored – or caught – but aXXo persisted .
" aXXo guarantees quality , " Price explains .
" In the piracy world , there 's no Film 2008 to tell you which version of a film to download .
Instead , the community tells you that aXXo is the guy to look for , because everybody else downloads him .
As soon as a DVD rip of a film appears online , people search out aXXo 's copy , because they know they 're guaranteed a good piracy experience . "
The question of aXXo 's identity is undoubtedly of interest to the authorities , but it 's also an abiding obsession for his fans .
One Canadian documentary film - maker , for example , is working on a film entitled Searching for aXXo .
The blog Torrentfreak.com is devoted to the torrent sharing culture .
In March 2007 , its creator , a 28 - year - old academic from the Netherlands who writes under the pseudonym Ernesto , appeared to have landed a brief but exclusive email interview with the elusive aXXo .
His interviewee claimed to be a teenager working alone , a naive but philanthropic soul who believed that , if a good film is out there , " everyone has the right to be entertained by it . "
The interview was quickly discredited by the ensuing web chatter , and Ernesto , asked today if he thinks his interviewee was a hoaxer or the real deal , replies curtly : " I have no idea . "
My own request for an email interview with aXXo , left in his Darkside_RG mailbox has gone unanswered .
The otherwise uninformative Darkside_RG profile for aXXo suggests he was born in August 1972 .
There 's no reason why this should be true but , says Price : " I would n't have thought he was a teenager .
Whoever claimed to be him was probably a fake .
From what we know , he 's fairly experienced . "
In a recent piece about aXXo for the online magazine Slate , reporter Josh Levin said he believed aXXo was not American – but , Price suggests , he is probably a native English speaker .
As with Operation Ore , the international police operation to prosecute users of online child pornography sites , the copyright cops are planting spies in the chatrooms and forums of the torrent community , hoping to ensnare the pirates who frequent them .
The ultimate prize would be aXXo .
Envisional 's work , says Price , has led to arrests in the past .
" We have had successes searching for individual uploaders and leakers of content .
With aXXo , we know where he tends to be active online .
If you visited the right bulletin boards and forums , and you knew what to look out for , you would find other people who were searching for him . "
BitTorrent , aXXo's chosen distribution method , is a filesharing technology that , serendipitously , arrived online at around the same time as home broadband became standard .
Created in 2001 by Bram Cohen , then 26 , a programmer from Seattle , the software was intended to be a means for music fans to share bootlegged videos of live performances by artists such as the US singer - songwriter John Mayer , who encourages such recordings by concert - goers .
Though the BitTorrent software itself is legal , and can be used to share any number of legitimate digital items , its efficiency and user - friendliness inevitably made it the amateur pirate 's weapon of choice .
Today , BitTorrent has well over 150 million users worldwide .
" I 'm studying social behaviour , " explains Ernesto , " and the torrent community interested me because it is by far the largest library of our modern day culture .
BitTorrent has a more social aspect than other filesharing protocols : sharing is rewarded . "
Unlike traditional peer - to - peer ( P2P ) networks such as Napster and Kazaa , which share files directly ( and rather slowly ) between two users ' computers , BitTorrent collects pieces of the downloading file from across the filesharing network , seeking out segments of the film , album or application from every user 's computer .
This " file - swarming " not only makes downloading faster , it 's also the epitome of filesharing – the more users there are online , sharing a particular file , the faster each of them will complete the download .
Hence aXXo's popularity : as a trusted brand name , users rush to acquire his releases as soon as they appear online .
His small " torrent " file takes a matter of seconds to download from a torrent portal site like Mininova , after which the user add it to their computer 's BitTorrent queue , sit back and watch the data flood in .
With so many people downloading the same files at once , an entire aXXo film can be complete and on a user 's desktop in a few hours at most .
But aXXo 's popularity can be a curse .
Once his name became common currency among downloaders , it was simple enough for less sophisticated pirates to piggyback on his success by imitating his tag in their own torrent files ; one site turned up calling itself axxotorrents.com .
There were also more sinister schemes afoot .
In 2007 , word spread through the community that the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) was uploading fake , blank torrents labelled as aXXo releases , in order to collect the IP addresses of downloaders .
Next , someone intent on giving him a bad name started to upload aXXo - tagged files filled with malware – software designed to infiltrate and corrupt a downloader 's computer .
An angry aXXo got into a dispute with both axxotorrents.com and the torrent portals that chose to host his imitators .
The pirate was infuriated by the appropriation of his work – in spite of appropriation being his own stock - in - trade – and ceased uploading altogether until axxotorrents.com agreed to close down its domain name .
Unlike other torrent portals , however , The Pirate Bay 's Swedish founders – who are driven not by any code of honour among thieves , but by an ideological opposition to copyright law – refuse to give high - profile uploaders the VIP treatment .
aXXo 's protests fell on deaf ears and , in November 2007 , after deleting all his torrents from The Pirate Bay 's pages in a fit of rage , he disappeared from the web altogether .
His friends at Darkside_RG reported that he 'd decided to " take a break " .
In aXXo 's absence , other uploaders had their moment in the sun .
FXG , whose DVD rips were about the same quality and size as aXXo's , became a popular alternative .
One smart uploader named themselves Klaxxon , so that each time a casual downloader searched for aXXo 's name , they would find a Klaxxon torrent instead .
Perhaps concerned that he'd been forgotten by his fickle public , aXXo resurfaced in March .
" He tried to go away , " says Price .
" But he came back .
The pull of it is quite attractive to him .
When you have millions of people downloading your content online and they know who you are , that 's quite an incentive .
Even if he 's not getting any money , he is getting name recognition and status . "
To commemorate his return , aXXo chose as his first post the symbolic – and hubristic – film title , I Am Legend .
The authorities are n't the only ones who have it in for aXXo .
He 's also deeply unpopular among an elite group of internet users and abusers known only as " The Scene " , which has existed in one form or another since the 1970s – before aXXo ( the name , if not the man ) was even born .
Contrary to popular belief , the majority of illicit content available for download comes not from consumer - bought CDs , DVDs and games .
Instead , film industry insiders , cinema projectionists , DVD factory workers and retail assistants plunder their employers ' forthcoming releases and pass them on to the high - level pirates that comprise today 's Scene .
The Scene 's so - called " release groups " are at the top of the piracy pyramid .
Each group will likely specialise in a certain medium ( film , TV , games , music ) – even a specific movie genre – and will include computer experts ( or " rippers " ) with the skills to turn a two - hour movie into a compressed file that is easy to transfer online without any loss of quality .
Once the release group has their copy , they seed it online with the help of enthusiastic mediators .
Within hours , it is freely available to the average BitTorrent user on The Pirate Bay or Mininova .
The Scene 's motivations are n't financial .
The object of the exercise is simply to get your pirate copy of a film out there before any other group , and well ahead of its official release .
Respect and reputation are earned through speed and technical skill .
The Scene may be elite , but it 's a meritocracy .
Its code – again , ironic for a group engaged in the systematic demolition of copyright law – demands that any pirated material must give credit to its original ripper or release group , no matter how far down the piracy food chain it has come .
This explains the Scene 's contempt for aXXo , who , it is widely believed , simply duplicates work that has already been produced by a higher - level release group .
His re-encoding of the Scene 's film releases into a clean , user - friendly format requires relatively little risk , and relatively little skill .
In a world where the only reward is prestige , it must be galling for the Scene to watch aXXo taking the credit for their hard work .
It also explains aXXo 's motivations , and his anger at seeing his name taken in vain .
Like Bruce Wayne , aXXo may only be celebrated for the actions of his alter ego , but he is celebrated all the same .
Industry insiders claim that illegal downloads cost the global film business £ 500 m last year .
According to a 2006 study by Envisional , P2P networks and their ilk account for at least 60 per cent of all internet usage .
In the UK alone , more than six million people shared an estimated 98 million illegal downloads in 2007 .
These numbers will only grow as broadband speeds increase .
Virgin Media recently launched the first 50 Mb broadband service , and hopes to make it available to the entire UK customer network of 12 million in 2009 .
At that speed , a DVD - quality movie could be downloaded to a home desktop in less than four minutes .
Earlier this month , an estimable group of disgruntled British film - makers – including Kenneth Branagh , Richard Curtis and Stephen Daldry – signed a letter to The Times demanding government action against the internet service providers ( ISPs ) who make illegal filesharing possible .
The MPAA , meanwhile , is already lobbying the incoming Obama administration in the US to improve internet filtering technology in the hope of foiling online piracy .
Thanks to new legislation , President Obama will be required to nominate the country 's first " copyright tsar " to oversee such issues .
The biggest problem for anti-piracy groups is the growing social acceptability of illegal filesharing .
" The easier you make it for people to download , the more people do it , " says Price , " and the less moral or ethical concerns they have about it .
I talk to teachers and solicitors who'll say they streamed something from the internet , without realising it 's illegitimate . "
The entertainment industry is still seen as bloated and greedy .
Downloading movies is an apparently victimless crime , and if there is a victim , it 's " The Man " .
" We also never see how their data is calculated , " says Becky Hogge , executive director of the Open Rights Group , a civil liberties group devoted to the digital universe .
" Policymakers trot out figures , but we 're never sure of their provenance .
There is a meme sloshing around that suggests they overestimate the numbers .
They used to equate the cost of piracy to the [ entertainment ] industry as a multiple of how many files were being shared illicitly online , which assumes that if you did n't get the stuff for free , you 'd go out and buy all of it – which simply does n't hold . "
It 's even difficult to prove the pirates ' detrimental effect on individual films .
The most pirated movie of 2008 , according to Torrent Freak 's annual listing , was also the year 's biggest box - office success : Batman sequel The Dark Knight .
The film 's cinema release grossed close to $ 1bn ( £ 700 m ) worldwide , and three million copies of the DVD were sold on its first day in the shops .
Although it was downloaded more than seven million times on BitTorrent alone , Ernesto reported in his accompanying post , comments on various sites suggest that many of the downloaders had also paid to see the film at the cinema .
One enthusiastic , London - based torrent - user who preferred to remain anonymous estimates that he downloads around four or five films each week ( including The Dark Knight ) .
However , he says , " I pay to go to the cinema at least once a week .
I very rarely buy DVDs , but then who does ?
Most of my friends prefer to subscribe to DVD rental sites like Lovefilm .
Ownership of the physical artefact seems increasingly moot .
" I do have qualms about it , but it 's a two - way street .
The commercial cinema is increasingly homogenic ; there are hundreds of films that never get decent distribution , and now I have a platform to see them .
For example , I waited months for Darren Aronofsky 's The Fountain to come out in the cinemas – when it finally did , it screened on three or four screens spread across Greater London , none of them for more than a week .
Roughly a month later it was online . "
The Dark Knight 's internet leak followed a standard pirate release pattern : immediately after the film 's July premiere , a " cammed " version , filmed secretly from a seat in the theatre , dropped onto the web .
Next , in early September , a DVD - screener copy ( with the film interrupted at intervals by title cards announcing a copyright breach ) made its way online .
Finally , in November , a few weeks before the DVD was due in stores , the DVD - quality pirate copy ( aXXo 's speciality ) appeared , was appropriated by aXXo , and soon spread across the net like wildfire .
In an article written for Torrentfreak.com in January , Matt Mason , author of The Pirate 's Dilemma , wrote that " when pirates enter our market spaces , we have two choices .
We can throw lawsuits at them and hope they go away .
Sometimes this is the best thing to do .
But what if those pirates are adding value to society in some way ?...
In these cases , what pirates are actually doing is highlighting a better way for us to do things ; they find gaps outside the market , and better ways for society to operate .
In these situations the only way to fight piracy is legitimise and legalise new innovations by competing with pirates in the marketplace . "
Mason 's book demonstrates that the history of piracy is also a history of innovation , one that includes the names Thomas Edison ( inventor of the record player ) and William Fox ( founder of Hollywood ) .
Ernesto agrees : " The ever - increasing piracy rates show there is a demand that the entertainment industry has not satisfied .
Thanks to the internet , access to media on demand has become reality , and people seem to love it .
It 's now up to the movie and music industry to come up with a model that can compete with these filesharing networks . "
iTunes has proved that the music industry can compete with a parallel black market online .
In the US , Hulu.com , a website set up by the major television networks to stream their programming online , has done the same .
Project Kangaroo , the UK equivalent , is currently in the works .
" If it 's very easy to find and has a lot of content , people will use it , " says Price .
" Hulu is bringing in huge amounts of advertising revenue for the TV companies , and it 's bringing people back from the piracy networks . "
" The entertainment industry would make more for artists if it embraced these technologies and found ways of doing business online , " Hogge argues .
" When you have six million people breaking the law , it 's the law that needs changing , not the people . "
Anti-piracy activists have celebrated some small victories , with trials pending in Sweden and the Netherlands for the creators of The Pirate Bay and Mininova respectively .
But neither site actually hosts torrent files ; as portals , they merely point the way to them – and there 's no guarantee that the law will find a way to penalise them for it .
Meanwhile , new torrent portals will spring up in their place , and as long as the authorities focus on the sites rather than individual uploaders ( prosecuting individual downloaders has brought record companies almost nothing but bad PR ) , they will do little to stem the torrents ' flow .
The outlets may be closed down , but the aXXo brand can just move on elsewhere .
The internet makes power - brokers of the most unlikely people .
Harry Knowles , a portly , 37 - year - old film fanatic from Austin , Texas , became the web 's most influential film critic after he was accidentally run over by a 1,200 lb cart full of memorabilia at a science fiction convention in 1994 .
While bedridden , he bought a new computer and set up his own movie website , Ain't It Cool News , which today has the power to sink a film with a negative review before it even reaches cinemas .
Andrew Sorcini , aka MrBabyMan , is an animator for Disney in Los Angeles , who spends his days ( and possibly his nights ) recommending articles and webpages on the news aggregator website Digg .
As the site 's most popular recommender of content , he wields the same influence as the editor of a major newspaper .
But MrBabyMan and Harry Knowles have n't the mystique of aXXo .
They 're flesh and blood .
You can find their faces on Google .
Their fame may be remarkable , but they achieved it straightforwardly – and legally .
The abilities of aXXo , on the other hand , seem almost superhuman .
To his followers , he is Robin Hood , Batman , God : he is everywhere , and nowhere .
Belfast Telegraph
" It 's May 2005 , the general election is looming , and the public is wondering who to vote for : Labour ?
the Tories ?
No – vote Dalek ! " he said .
" The cover is totally unexpected and brings a contemporary twist to the iconic image of a Dalek to grab readers of all ages in the newsstand . "
" I was shocked , to be honest , and a little embarrassed , " he told the paper , saying that although the gallery liked to support emerging artists , this was the first time they had backed someone quite so junior .
World turns into ' gangsta paradise ' as crisis continues to aggravate
USA ’s gang capital , Chicago , slowly turns into the center of criminal wars , as it was during the 1920s .
Criminal groups in China , Belarus and Russia have been getting more active recently too .
World turns into ' gangsta paradise ' as crisis continues to aggravate
Global financial and economic difficulties lead to the growing level of criminality in many countries .
US citizens already fear that Chicago may soon retrieve the status of the gangster capital .
Over 500 people were killed in the city last year , and all of them died of gunshot wounds , officials of the Chicago Police Department said .
At least 450 of them were killed in shoot - outs between criminal groups .
A new generation of drug dealers hires street gangsters and even underage children for their profit .
US authorities take tough measures in their struggle against the wild outbreak of gangsterism .
The strategy , which US military used in Iraq , now helps the police fight crime in Chicago .
The Mobile Strike Force , created late last year , includes two companies of 48 officers each .
The squad managed to penetrate into several gangs within only one month of secret operations , which allowed to achieve a considerable reduction in the amount of street crimes .
Sweden has faced a rise of criminality during the recent several months too .
The number of bank robberies has doubled in the country during the recent year .
Sixty - one incidents of bank robberies were reported in Sweden in 2006 , whereas in 2008 the amount of such crimes skyrocketed to 155 .
Malefactors begin to attack small boutiques , while the number of home robberies started to decline .
Russian gangsters follow a different strategy in their crimes : they prefer to steal money deposits .
Camouflaged men may steal ATMs from supermarkets in broad daylight .
The most recent incident of a daring robbery took place in Russia last week , when masked perpetrators attacked a CIT vehicle on a federal highway and stole 43 million rubles ( more than $ 1 million ) .
Los Angeles is another ' gang capital of America ' with an estimated 120,000 gang members .
There were at least 30,000 gangs and 800,000 gang members active across the USA in 2007 .
About 900,000 gang members lived " within local communities across the country , " and about 147,000 were in U.S. prisons or jails in 2009 .
By 1999 , Hispanics accounted for 47 % of all gang members , Blacks 31 % , Whites 13 % , and Asians 6 % .
There are between 25,000 and 50,000 gang members in Central America ’s El Salvador .
The Yakuza are among the largest crime organizations in the world .
In Japan , as of 2005 , there are some 86,300 known members .
Hong Kong 's Triads include up to 160,000 members .
It was estimated that in the 1950s , there were 300,000 Triad members in Hong Kong .
A wide variety of historical gangs , such as the Muslim Assassins , Adam the Leper 's gang , Indian Thugs , Chinese Triads , Japanese Yakuza , American Old West outlaw gangs and Italian Mafia crime families have existed for centuries .
These early gangs were known for many criminal activities , but in most countries could not profit from drug trafficking prior to twentieth century drug prohibition laws such as the 1912 International Opium Convention and the 1919 Volstead Act .
Gang involvement in drug trafficking increased during the 1970s and 1980s , but some gangs continue to have minimal involvement in the trade .
Source : agencies
You may have had the experience of having your SSH connection to another machine drop if you ignore it for too long .
Which can be irritating , especially if it's ( say ) your e-mail .
Ignore your SSH connection to another machine for too long and it will drop .
The SSH config option , ServerAliveInterval , remedies this for those times when you really want to maintain the link .
You can fix this using the SSH config option ServerAliveInterval .
SSH options can be set on the command - line ( with the - o option ) , or by editing your ~/.ssh / config or /etc / ssh_config files .
Note that SSH uses the first setting that it encounters for an option , and it reads command - line options , then per-user config , then the global config , and general / default ones at the end .
Add this to your ~/.ssh / config file to turn ServerAliveInterval on for all SSH connections :
Host * Protocol 2 ServerAliveInterval 60
The first two lines state that this section applies to every host ( to apply only to some hosts , specify a hostname rather than *) and that a SSH v2 connection should be made ( SSH v2 is significantly more secure than SSH v1 , and ServerAliveInterval requires v2 ) .
ServerAliveInterval sends a package through the encrypted channel , after the specified number of seconds of inactivity , to the server , requesting a response .
It 's turned off by default , and you may need to experiment a little with the value .
However , once you have the value set to work with your system , you should be able to keep your SSH sessions connected .
Note : Most systems will have TCPKeepAlive on by default .
This sends a TCP package after a period of idleness , usually two hours .
This is often too long an interval to prevent disconnection ; and TCPKeepAlive packets can also be spoofed , unlike ServerAliveInterval .
A new report from the National Research Council says that childhood depression , anxiety , substance abuse , and other mental and emotional disorders are as common as broken bones in children , take a huge toll on kids and their families , and end up costing the US about $ 247 billion annually .
According to the authors , the federal government should make preventing mental , emotional , and behavioral disorders and promoting mental health in young people a national priority .
[ social_buttons ]
“ There is a substantial gap between what is known about preventing mental , emotional , and behavioral disorders and what is actually being done .
It is no longer accurate to argue that these disorders can never be prevented .
Many can .
The nation is well - positioned to equip young people with the skills and habits needed to live healthy , happy , and productive lives in caring relationships .
But we need to develop the systems to deliver effective prevention programs to a far wider group of children and adolescents . ” – Kenneth E. Warner , committee chair and dean of the University of Michigan School of Public Health
There is currently no federal entity to lead these efforts , and the White House should create one that can and will coordinate national initiatives , set goals for prevention , and provide the research and funding to achieve those goals , said the committee .
An estimated 14 to 20 % of children have some mental , emotional , or behavioral disorder , and over half of adults who have experienced them state that the disorder began in either childhood or adolescence .
This is a clear example of the need to take the initiative for our children ’s health and make it a national priority through education and funding for programs that make a difference .
The report recommends that the White House lead the effort with a broad implementation of prevention approaches and research on interventions rather than just treatment .
“ The new leadership body should set public goals for preventing specific disorders and promoting mental health and provide the funding to achieve them .
The departments of Education , Justice , and Health and Human Services should align their resources and programs with this strategy .
These agencies should also fund state , county , and community efforts to implement and improve evidence - based programs . ”
The committee also recommended that the National Institutes of Health should develop a 10 - year plan to research ways to promote mental health and prevent mental , emotional , and behavioral disorders in young people .
The report was sponsored by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration , the National Institute on Drug Abuse , the National Institute of Mental Health , and the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism .
The full report “ Preventing Mental , Emotional , and Behavioral Disorders Among Young People : Progress and Possibilities ” is available to read online for free .
Image : Gaetan Lee at Flickr under Creative Commons License
Over the years , I ’ve collected some of the smartest - yet - funny software development quotes I have read .
Here ’s the current short list in no particular order .
Oddly enough , there are thirteen of them and they all address the woes of programming .
Feel free to add any like quotes in the comment section !
“ The first 90 % of the code accounts for the first 90 % of the development time .
The remaining 10 % of the code accounts for the other 90 % of the development time . ”
– Tom Cargill
“ In order to understand recursion , one must first understand recursion . ” – Author Unknown “ I have always wished for my computer to be as easy to use as my telephone ; my wish has come true because I can no longer figure out how to use my telephone . ” – Bjarne Stroustrup
“ A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention in human history , with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila . ” – Mitch Ratcliffe
“ There are two ways of constructing a software design :
One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies , and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies .
The first method is far more difficult . ” - C.A.R. Hoare “ The gap between theory and practice is not as wide in theory as it is in practice . ” – Author Unknown
“ If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs , then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization . ” – Gerald Weinberg
“ If debugging is the process of removing software bugs , then programming must be the process of putting them in . ” – Edsger Dijkstra
“ Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight . ” – Bill Gates
“ Nine people ca n’t make a baby in a month . ” – Fred Brooks
“ Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot - proof programs , and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots .
So far , the Universe is winning . ” – Rich Cook
“ There are two major products that come out of Berkeley : LSD and UNIX .
We do n’t believe this to be a coincidence . ” – Jeremy S. Anderson
“ Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable . ” – Ralph Johnson
In the 80s , video games were still new to the public and the game companies were still trying to figure out how to ease us into the technology .
From their early ads , it appears they decided the best way was via batshit insanity .
6 Nintendo Australia / New Zealand Ad
When Nintendo brought the NES to the US they rolled out about the most run of the mill ad ever : just a kid , the games and an announcer announcing how awesome it all was .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
But when it came time to bring the NES to Austrailia and New Zealand , they unleashed an ad that crawls inside your head and kicks your brain in the balls .
Holy shit .
After a great deal of market research , apparently all Nintendo came up with was " Well , those Australians seem to drink a lot and are boastful by nature , so let 's threaten their well - being and take shots at their self - esteem . "
Their plot to make you feel horribly inadequate is carried out by some of Nintendo 's classic villains , like Poor - Man 's Max Headroom in a Dress Shirt and of course , That Dog from Duck Hunt .
Welcome to the end .
Wait , what ?
The fucking dog from Duck Hunt ?
Was he really even a villain ?
He 's got a creepy voice , sure , but he 's a mild nuisance at worst and a jackass at best .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Ha ha !
You 'll never satisfy a woman ! "
Our blocky league of evil goes on to tell us that they are Knee - Ten - Do , which we can only assume is an elite terrorist organization of some sort .
The only kids they show playing games are doing so in an empty dark room , as though they 've been abducted and forced to play games , constantly being reminded that their opponents are invincible ( even if they have zapper and robot companion ) .
However , given that the zapper does n't actually cast bolts of lightning and the only thing the robot does well is spin tops , we 'll go ahead and agree that we can not beat you .
As the commercial draws to a close , we do manage to encounter an actual villain in Bowser , King of the Koopas , who makes the ad's worst transition from blocky thing on screen to three dimensional blocky thing on screen .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The whole thing ends with the Legion of Doom challenging all players and , again , letting you know they are unbeatable , and that they 'll be turning up in your nightmares later .
Yeah , we 'll head right to the store and give you fuckers $ 250 .
WASHINGTON -- Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg underwent surgery for pancreatic cancer Thursday , after a routine checkup disclosed an early - stage tumor , the court said .
Justice Ginsburg , the only woman on the court , was treated for colon cancer a decade ago .
After a career as a law professor , a legal advocate for women 's rights and a federal appellate judge , she was elevated to the high court by President Bill Clinton in 1993 , becoming a reliable member of the court 's liberal wing .
The Supreme Court gave no indication that Justice Ginsburg , 75 years old , had any immediate plans to step down .
But if she does leave the court , President Barack Obama is likely to select a successor he would expect to continue her approach to the law .
It is almost certain he would select a woman to join the eight male justices .
The Obama administration has n't publicly signaled whom it might consider for a high - court vacancy .
Candidates could include Kathleen Sullivan , 53 , a professor and former dean of Stanford Law School ; Georgia Chief Justice Leah Ward Sears , 53 ; and U.S. Circuit Judge Sonia Sotomayor , 54 .
Another oft - mentioned candidate , Harvard Law School Dean Elena Kagan , 48 , is Mr. Obama 's nominee for solicitor general , the official who represents the government before the Supreme Court .
The court offered few details about Justice Ginsburg 's condition , other than stating that a CAT scan detected a tumor about one centimeter across in her pancreas late last month She had surgery Thursday at Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center in New York , the court said .
It said her attending surgeon , Murray Brennan , expected the justice to remain hospitalized for seven to 10 days .
Hi all !
I 'm starting a new article series here .
This one is going to be about Unix utilities that you should know about .
The articles will discuss one Unix program at a time .
I 'll try to write a good introduction to the tool and give as many examples as I can think of .
The first post in this series is going to be about a not so well known but super powerful Unix program called Pipe Viewer or pv for short .
Pipe viewer is a terminal - based tool for monitoring the progress of data through a pipeline .
It can be inserted into any normal pipeline between two processes to give a visual indication of how quickly the data is passing through , how long it has taken , how near to completion it is , and an estimate of how long it will be until completion .
Pipe viewer is written by Andrew Wood , an experienced Unix sysadmin .
The homepage of pv utility is here : pv utility .
If you feel like you are interested in this stuff , I suggest that you subscribe to my rss feed to receive my future posts automatically .
How to use pv ?
Let 's start with some really easy examples and progress to more complicated ones .
Suppose that you have a file access.log that is a tens of gigabytes in size and contains web logs .
You want to compress it into a smaller file , let 's say a gunzip archive ( .gz ) .
The obvious way to do it is :
$ gzip -c access.log > access.log.gz
As the file is so huge ( tens of gigabytes ) , you have no idea how long to wait .
Will it finish soon ?
Or will it take another 30 mins ?
By using pv you can precisely time how long it will take :
$ pv access.log | gzip > access.log.gz < strong >611 MB 0:00:11 [ 58.3MB/s ] [ = > ]
15 % ETA 0:00:59 </ strong >
Pipe viewer acts as cat here , except it also adds a progress bar .
We can see that gzip processed 611 MB of data in 11 seconds .
It has processed 15 % of all data and it will take 59 more seconds to finish .
So no coffee break .
You can stick several pv processes in your pipeline .
For example , you can time how fast the data is being read from the disk with one pv and how much data has been gzipped via a second pv :
$ pv -cN source access.log | gzip | pv -cN gzip > access.log.gz < strong > source : 760 MB 0:00:15 [ 37.4MB/s ] [ = > ]
19 % ETA 0:01:02 gzip : 34.5 MB 0:00:15 [ 1.74MB/s ] [ < => ]</strong >
Here we have specified the - N parameter to pv to create a named stream .
The -c parameter makes sure the output is not garbaged by one pv process writing over the other .
This example shows that the access.log file is being read at the speed of 37.4 MB / s but gzip is writing data at only 1.74 MB /s .
We can immediately calculate the compression rate .
It 's 37.4/1.74 = 21 x !
Notice how gzip does n't include how much data is left or how fast it will finish .
It 's because the pv process after gzip has no idea how much data gzip will produce ( it 's just outputting compressed data from input stream ) .
The first pv process , however , knows how much data is left , because it 's reading it from a known file .
Another similar example is be to pack the whole directory of files into a compressed tarball :
$ tar - czf - . | pv > out. tgz < strong > 117MB 0:00:55 [ 2.7MB/s ] [> ]</strong >
In this example , pv only shows the output rate of the tar - czf command .
It has no information about how bit the directory is or how long the tar process will run or how much data is left .
We need to provide the total size of data we are tarring to pv .
It can be done this way :
$ tar - cf - . | pv -s $ ( du - sb . | awk '{print $ 1} ' ) | gzip > out. tgz < strong > 253MB 0:00:05 [ 46.7MB/s ] [> ]
1 % ETA 0:04:49</strong >
What happens here is we tell tar to recursively ( default mode ) create ( - c argument ) an archive of all files in current dir ( . argument ) and output the data to stdout -f - argument .
Next , we specify the size -s argument to pv of all files in current dir and all its subdirectories .
The du - sb . | awk '{print $ 1} ' command returns number of bytes in current dir and it's fed as the -s parameter to pv .
Next , we gzip the content and output the result to out .
tgz file .
This way pv knows how much data is still left to be processed and shows us that it will take another 4 mins 49 secs to finish .
So you can take a quick coffee break .
Another interesting example is copying large amounts of data over the network via the nc ( netcat ) utility that I will write about some other time .
( Update : Just wrote about it : Netcat – A Unix Utility You Should Know About . )
Suppose you have two computers A and B .
You want to transfer a directory from A to B very quickly .
The fastest way to do it is to use tar and nc , and time the operation with pv .
On computer A with IP address 192.168.1.100 run this command :
$ tar - cf - / path / to/dir | pv | nc - l -p 6666 -q 5
On computer B run this command :
$ nc 192.168.1.100 6666 | pv | tar - xf -
That 's it !
All the files in / path / to / dir on computer A will get transferred to computer B , and you 'll be able to see how fast the operation is going .
This will show how fast the data is being transferred but it wo n't show how much data is left .
If you want this information , then you have to do the pv -s $ (... ) trick from the previous example and add it to pv on computer A .
Here 's another fun example .
It shows how fast the computer reads from / dev/zero :
$ pv /dev/zero > /dev/null 157GB 0:00:38 [ 4.17GB/s ]
That 's it .
I hope you enjoyed this post and learned something new .
I love explaining things and teaching !
How to install pv ?
If you 're on Debian or Debian based system such as Ubuntu do the following :
$ sudo aptitude install pv
If you 're on Fedora or Fedora based system such as CentOS do :
$ sudo yum install pv
If you 're on Mint , do :
$ sudo apt - get install pv
If you 're on Slackware , go to pv homepage , download the pv-version .
tar.gz archive and do :
$ tar - zxf pv-version .
tar.gz $ cd pv-version $ ./ configure && sudo make install
If you 're a Mac user :
$ sudo port install pv
If you 're OpenSolaris user :
$ pfexec pkg install pv
If you 're a Windows user on Cygwin :
$ ./ configure $ export DESTDIR= / cygdrive / c/cygwin $ make $ make install
The manual of the utility can be found here man pv .
Have fun measuring your pipes with pv and until next time !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
" It is time for Congress to act , and I hope they act in a bipartisan fashion , " President Obama said when he went to Peoria , Illnois , on Thursday to argue for his economic stimulus plan .
President Obama did n't find much bipartisanship over the stimulus bill or his pick for commerce secretary .
Congress acted .
But bipartisan ?
Not so much .
The plan passed the House of Representatives without a single Republican vote , and got only a token number -- three -- of Republican votes in the Senate .
" All the talk about bipartisanship that we have heard over the last several months went down the drain , " House Republican leader John Boehner complained on Friday .
Obama also ran into a wall in his effort to build a bipartisan cabinet when his choice for Secretary of Commerce , Republican Sen.
Judd Gregg , withdrew his name from nomination .
" I have found that on issues such as the stimulus package and the census , there are irresolvable conflicts for me , " Gregg said on Thursday .
Watch Candy Crowley explain Gregg 's decision »
Why is n't bipartisanship working ?
After all , Obama is a popular president -- he had a 76 percent job approval rating in last week 's CNN poll conducted by the Opinion Research Corp .
He was elected on a promise to bring the country together .
And a sense of urgency certainly exists .
" When you start seeing an economic crisis of this magnitude , everybody 's got to chip in , everybody 's got to pull together , " the president said on Thursday .
" Politics has to stop . "
Watch Obama try to sell the stimulus plan »
But it has n't .
One reason is that members of Congress do n't necessarily share Obama 's passion for bipartisanship .
Congressional Democrats see a partisan mandate in the last two elections .
The voters threw out the Republican Congress in 2006 .
Then they threw out the Republican White House in 2008 .
If that is not a mandate for Democrats to govern , what is ?
Republicans saw the stimulus plan as a challenge to their core principles .
" We are n't interested in growing the size of government , " Boehner said on the House floor .
Ideology was a key factor in Gregg 's decision to withdraw his Cabinet nomination .
" I'm a fiscal conservative -- as everybody knows , a fairly strong one , " Gregg said .
" And it just became clear to me that it would be very difficult , day in and day out , to serve in this Cabinet or any Cabinet . "
The red - blue divide that has dominated U.S. politics since 1980 is still very much alive in Congress .
When Obama allowed House Democrats to shape the initial stimulus plan , it ran right into the buzzsaw of old political divisions .
" They loaded every big government idea of the last 40 years into this bill , " Rep. Jeb Hensaring , R - Texas , complained in a statement .
Watch Republicans say why their stimulus plan would work »
Despite Obama 's outreach to them , congressional Republicans felt excluded by the Democratic majority .
At the same time , some House Democrats balked at the spending cuts made by the Senate in order to get even a modicum of Republican support .
President Obama did everything he could to drum up a public sense of urgency .
And it was there .
In the CNN poll , a majority of Americans expressed support for the Senate stimulus bill .
But it was a fairly narrow majority -- 54 to 45 percent .
At the same time , 55 percent felt the bill contained too much government spending .
One reason for public suspicion :
The stimulus plan came only a few months after the deeply unpopular Wall Street bailout .
Most Americans resented the fact that the federal government -- indeed , the Bush administration -- was spending hundreds of billions of dollars to bail out the institutions that were responsible for the financial crisis .
" Where 's my bailout ? " people wanted to know .
Moreover , the bailout does n't appear to have done much to resolve the crisis .
Instead , every day there are stories about captains of finance getting million - dollar bonuses .
In the end , the plan passed .
What difference does it make that it got so little Republican support ?
It 's still the law .
Republicans will keep up a chorus of complaint and might try to undo pieces of it .
If the economic recovery is slow -- and Obama has warned that it may take years , not months -- the plan will be a continuing issue of partisan controversy .
On the other hand , if things start to get better , Republicans could face serious political backlash .
In either case , we will hear those dreaded words , " I told you so . "
All About Barack Obama • Democratic Party • Republican Party
Web and graphic designers are always looking for excellent sources of inspiration .
Of course , web design and CSS galleries are common sources , but there are countless websites that provide inspiration from other types of design .
In this post you ’ll find categories such as product design , architecture , fashion , illustration , logo design , typography , motion graphics , and more .
With a list of this size I ’m sure you ’ll find some new sources of inspiration that you were n’t previously familiar with .
Of course , no one can keep up with all of these choices , so find the ones that work best for you and keep the others bookmarked for the future .
Web Design Galleries :
Most readers of this blog are well aware of design and CSS galleries , so rather than listing 100 of them , I ’ll point out a few of my favorites and some that I think are unique in one way or another .
Pattern Tap
An awesome source of inspiration that categorizes the featured sites by the type of inspiration , such as comment design , 404 pages , e-commerce websites , login forms , and much more .
The categorization makes the site unique and immensely useful .
Best Web Gallery
Quality over quantity .
Nick La ’s
Gallery is the highest quality , in my opinion .
New sites are featured regularly , although there are not as many sites posted as compared to many other galleries .
CSS Mania
Quantity over quality .
CSS Mania features several new sites each day , although some of the sites featured are not as high quality as others .
It ’s a great place to go if you want to find lots of sites to look at .
We Love WP
We Love WP is a showcase of websites and blogs powered by WordPress .
Design Snips
Showcasing snippets of great design , Design Snips is similar to Pattern Tap with it ’s categorization .
Some of the categories include banners , buttons , backgrounds , etc .
FWA
Inspiration from flash - based sites .
A new site is posted each day .
Most Inspired
If you ’re looking to save some time browsing various galleries , Most Inspired is an aggregator that showcases the sites featured in many different galleries .
Designflood
A web design gallery with a different feel .
Image / Photo Sharing and Bookmarking :
Sharing and bookmarking images is a great way to keep track of your favorite inspirational sources , and you can also browse through the items uploaded or bookmarked by other users .
FFFFOUND !
An invitation - only image bookmarking service .
The images bookmarked by users are showcased for the inspiration of the rest of us .
We Heart It
FreshBump
Vi.sualize.us
Statigram
Design You Trust
Design Your
Trust is not exactly like the other sites featured in this section , but it ’s a site / blog where users can register and share images .
Flickr
Excellent Flickr groups for inspiration :
Graphic Design Showcases :
The sites listed in this category are all a little bit different from one another , but each one provides inspirational pieces of graphic design in various forms .
Muse
Dribbble
Coolshowcase
Mr CUP
AisleOne
Graphic design , typography , grid systems , minimalism and modernism .
Blood Sweat Vector
Featuring vector art from a variety of different designers .
Design in Europe
Portfolios :
There are a number of different websites where you can post your own design portfolio to be shared with other users .
Of course , all of these portfolios also serve as excellent sources of design inspiration .
Behance Network
Carbonmade
deviantART
Coroflot
Design : Related
Dunked
Creative Hotlist
CG Society
Virb
Shown’d
Publications :
Galleries at SPD.org
The galleries at SPD.org showcase award winning designs .
PDF Mags
A huge collection of free PDF magazines .
LayerVault News
Advertising Inspiration :
Ads can often be an excellent source of inspiration .
Unfortunately , I did n’t find much in this area , so if you know of other sites please share in the comments .
Ads of the World
Typography :
Typography is an important part of many different kinds of design .
These sites showcase exceptional examples of typography that can inspire you in your own work .
Typography Served
From the Behance Network .
Typesites
A niche web design gallery that focuses on sites with outstanding typography .
Product Design :
Product design from around the world can be both inspirational and amusing .
Product design can be one of the most creative fields of design .
The Dieline
One of the best sources of product design inspiration with frequent posts .
NOTCOT
From the NOTEMPIRE .
NOTCOT.org
Also from the NOTEMPIRE .
Liqurious
Design in drinks .
Design Sponge
Home and product design .
We Heart Stuff
The latest products and trends .
Off the Shelf
A small gallery of Japanese product design .
Motion Graphics :
Warning :
You may find yourself spending a lot of time watching these .
Motion Graphics Served
From the Behance Network .
Motionspire
Logo Design :
Logo designers have a number of sites specifically dedicated to logo design inspiration .
LogoPond
Logo of the Day
Logo Faves
LogoSauce
Brand New
LogoLounge
Illustration :
Illustration is a favorite of many designers and artists .
These five sites specialize in showcasing excellent works of illustration .
Illustration Served
IllustratorWorld
Illustration Web
LCS
Everyday Love
Multi-Purpose Galleries :
The sites listed in this category are galleries that showcase more than just one type of design .
Creattica
The Design Inspiration
Pinterest
Posters and Album Covers :
The music and movie industry provide plenty of design inspiration in terms of posters and album covers .
Gig Posters
The best site for finding gig posters from bands of all kinds .
Sleevage
A gallery of album covers .
Movie Post Addict
Movie posters of all kinds .
IMP Awards
Regular postings of movie posters .
Book Design :
Books design gets less attention than many other types of design , but can be equally inspirational .
The Book Design Review
A blog focusing on book design .
CoverBoom
“ Judging books by their covers . ”
Architecture and Interior / Home Design :
There are a number of sites that provide great inspiration from architecture and interior design .
These are the best that I found , although I can’t claim to be very familiar with any of them .
CoolBoom
Desire to Inspire
Materialicious
Houzz
Freshome
Arch Daily
MoCo Loco
Design Happens
Elements of Style
From Europe
Fashion :
There are probably many other excellent websites for fashion design inspiration , it ’s just not an area of design that I ’m very familiar with .
Fashion Served
From the Behance Network .
Kineda
Fashion and a lot more .
NOTCOUTURE
From the NOTEMPIRE .
Industrial Design :
If you ’re looking for design inspiration but tired of browsing through web design galleries , industrial design can be another excellent source .
Industrial Design Served
From the Behance Network .
Yanko Design
Tons and tons of inspiration in the archives of this Technorati Top 100 blog .
Art :
The sites listed in this section display different types of artwork and / or photography .
Click for Art
Click for
Art is an art marketplace .
You do n’t have to buy anything to be inspired by the work that ’s available here .
depthCORE
Different chapters are posted every few months that feature work from various artists .
Photography Served
From the Behance Network .
Gods of Art
Booooooom
Various :
These sites are difficult to categorize , in most cases because they provide inspiration that could fit into multiple categories .
Design Milk
Art , architecture , furniture , technology , and more .
Net Diver
Illustration , photography , industrial design , and more .
NewWebPick
Art , animation , illustration , advertising , architecture , and more .
FormFiftyFive
Photography , graphic art , illustration , print design , and more .
Black .
White .
Bliss
Black and white design of all kinds .
CubeMe
Architecture , art , fashion , and more .
Design is Kinky
Photography , graphic design , and more .
QBN
A wide variety of all things creative .
Fubiz
Photography , graphic design , technology , and more .
A Cup of Jo
Art , photography , and fashion .
Cool Hunting
Art , design , culture , and technology .
Toxel
Design and technology .
What are your favorite sources of design inspiration ?
I know everyone has their own favorites , see feel free to list yours in the comments .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Tigers at Banham Zoo in Norfolk have been enjoying the snow .
Governments under Pressure Popular Rage Grows as Global Crisis Worsens
As the global economic crisis deepens , tempers around the world are getting shorter .
French and British trade unions are organizing strikes , Putin is sending troops into the streets and Beijing is trying to buy itself calm .
Von SPIEGEL
Staff
BARRON'S Can Big Business Fix Racial Injustice ?
It Has to Try .
Here ’s How .
MOTHER JONES
Lexipol says its policies keep police departments out of trouble .
Critics say they let violent cops off the hook . ‬
MOTHER JONES
The Summer QAnon Went Mainstream
PENGUIN RANDOM HOUSE
How music transcends time , space , and lockdown .
MOTHER JONES Trump Has a Half Billion in Loans Coming Due .
They May Be His Biggest Conflict of Interest Yet .
FEDTECH MAGAZINE
As November Looms , So Do Cybersecurity Concerns for Elections
THE INTERCEPT Political Correctness Is Destroying America ! ( Just Not How You Think . ) ‬
MOTHER JONES Public Servants Are Risking Everything to Expose Government Corruption .‬
AUSTIN MONTHLY Will Austin Independent School District Be Able to Reopen Safely ?
WASHINGTON POST China ’s dangerous Taiwan temptation .
BEZOS Regardless of political party , everyone hates Jeff Bezos .
MIT SLOAN
The cost of uncoordinated responses to COVID - 19
WALL STREET JOURNAL 5 myths about stock diversification .
PENGUIN RANDOM HOUSE
The best non-business books to help you at work . ‬
PENTA
Maximizing the amount you can pass to beneficiaries while avoiding or minimizing a tax hit .
MOTHER JONES I ’m a New Dad Scared About Pandemic - Era Daycare Safety .
THE BOSTON GLOBE For the Boston Globe , “ The Strong get Stronger . ”
BARRON'S For Barron ’s , who owns your fund management company ?
THE WASHINGTON POST
For the Washington Post “ America ’s germaphobes were ready for this — and have been for too long ”
THE GLOBE AND MAIL For the Globe and Mail , Children and teens might hide their mental - health struggles .
But adults can’t look away .
THE WASHINGTON POST
For the Washington Post , New illo for the Washington Post ,
This presidential race is a New York hate - throuple of white , 70 - something males .
PROTOCOL For Protocol , Inside the closed - door campaigns to rewrite California privacy law , again .
THE STAR TRIBUNE
For the Star Tribune , the ongoing contentious fight between hospitals and insurers .
THE STAR TRIBUNE
THE GUARDIAN
For the Guardian , the politics of learning / collaborating on endangered languages on Duolingo .
MOTHER JONES
Disarming the NRA : How Guns Flipped Virginia Blue
THE NEW YORK TIMES
Where the packages go .
THE WASHINGTON POST World series commemorative cover .
THE WASHINGTON POST Op - Ed , I was arrested for voting , but I wo n't let the government intimidate me .
BUZZFEED NEWS Confusing And Chaotic : These Leaked Facebook Documents Show How Hard It Is To Be A Moderator .
THE WASHINGTON POST The Battle for Alabama ’s soul .
FEDTECH MAGAZINE
Plan Well for a Hybrid Cloud Environment and See Efficiencies
THE STAR TRIBUNE
It 's the cars , not the cows .
Avoiding meat and other foods that come from animals wo n't save the planet .
STREAMING SERVICES
Overload of streaming services .
THE WASHINGTON POST
Our politics are in our DNA .
BUZZFEED NEWS Opinion : Do n’t Regulate Facial Recognition .
Ban It .
THE BOSTON GLOBE Illustration for the boston globe , big tech needs a big fix .
MIT A 4 - step plan for fighting social media manipulation in elections .
THE BOSTON GLOBE
Can the supreme court be saved ?
STAR TRIBUNE Fall Arts Preview for the Star Tribune
WAGE THEFT
Workers are ultimately receiving less than the law requires each year
THE NEW YORK TIMES Illustration for the New York Times ,
The process of house hunting often forces you to adjust your wish list .
MOTHER JONES January / February 2019 Cover .
THE NEW REPUBLIC
Now that Democrats won back the House , they should focus on building a better party — not on passing legislation .
BILLBOARD
Spotify is giving unsigned artists tools to get their music to a wider audience .
EMAIL OVERLOAD
Email overload .
STAR TRIBUNE
In an era of # MeToo , television faces its gender gap .
THE BOSTON GLOBE Let 's Make a Deal , Trump promises his deal making skills would revolutionize US Foreign Policy .
GEICO Illustration for Geico , How To Protect Your House From Falling Trees And Branches .
THE GUARDIAN
What 's the common denominator among sexual harassers ?
Too often , it 's money .
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/nov/09/sexual-harassment-economic-inequality-harvey-weinstein#img-1
LYING DEMOGOGUES
Lying demogogues and the people who vote for them
MIT
The spread of false news on twitter .
SEPARATED
Illustration about the family separation policies put in place by the Trump admin .
TEACHING TOLERANCE
As immigration enforcement becomes more aggressive , schools have become increasingly risky places for undocumented students .
THE GUARDIAN Republicans rigged our democracy .
Here 's how Democrats can fight back
HANDELSBLATT
Drought and rising sea levels will create millions of refugees .
THE GLOBE AND MAIL Illustration for the globe and mail about their data - gaps project , which generated hundreds of responses from readers across the country on gaps they identified and want to see fixed .
INFRASTRUCTURE WOES
Only firms in agreement with certain unions can bid on infrastructure projects , creating high costs for taxpayers .
KIPLINGER Trade - War Threats Weigh on the Market
MOTHER JONES Illustration for Mother Jones , How Trial by Skype Became the Norm in Immigration Court .
THE STRANGER Illustration for the Stranger , What Happens When Seattle 's Poorest Tenants Can't Make Rent .
THE GUARDIAN
Almost all violent extremists share one thing : their gender
POLITICO
Behind the minimum wage fight , a sweeping failure to enforce the law
THE GUARDIAN
A family in Missouri had a life for 15 years , then they were torn apart .
THE GUARDIAN
My year of living ignorantly : I entered a news blackout the day Trump was elected
VARIETY Pay - TV Sector Faces a Meltdown Heading Into a Rough Earnings Season
THE WASHINGTON POST Polls show Americans distrust the media
THE WASHINGTON POST Illustration for the Washington Post .
Sexual Harassment Inc :
How the # MeToo movement is sparking a wave of start - ups .
THE WASHINGTON POST
Inside the secret world where oligarchs and criminals hide their money
THE NEW YORK TIMES op - ed illustration for the new york times , the Trump administration ’s campaign against “ sanctuary cities ”
CHICAGO MAGAZINE
What Teachers Know for Chicago Magazine
JOHN HOPKINS MAGAZINE
The Limits of Soft Power and the Necessity of Military Force .
MALWARE ATTACKERS
Illustration about phishing / malware scammers .
POLITICO Russia and China should be careful what they wish for , for Politico .
THE GUARDIAN Sinclair is the largest broadcast company in America but its connections to the White House are raising concerns .
https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/aug/17/sinclair-news-media-fox-trump-white-house-circa-breitbart-news
STAR TRIBUNE
College admissions : Trump is the guardian of white advantage , for the Star Tribune .
THE GUARDIAN Illustration for the Guardian about waitresses not making as much off tips as you 'd expect .
CITYPAGES
A metalhead on the warpath , whose goal was to rid the Twin Cities music scene of neo -Nazi infiltration .
WASHINGTON POST
Trump 's tweets are a goldmine for foreign spies .
THE GUARDIAN
The US supports torture to fight terrorism .
POLITICO
" The government secrets Trump is about to discover " for Politico .
http://www.politico.eu/article/government-secrets-donald-trump-will-discover-kill-list-nuclear-terrorism-intelligence/
VANCOUVER MAGAZINE
Helping addicts for Vancouver Magazine .
JOHN HOPKINS MAGAZINE
The Limits of Soft Power and the Necessity of Military Force
THE GUARDIAN Illustration for the Guardian about coming out as a republican in New York .
POLITICO Data Privacy Concerns in the EU for Politico .
CLEVELAND MAGAZINE
Illustration for Cleveland Magazine about the lack of communication between residents and police .
THE GUARDIAN Illustration about a Wal Mart employee who learned life lessons while unloading an absurd amount of palettes .
ADWEEK
The advent of vertical video due to snapchat .
ANONYMOUS SOURCES
Illustration about placing trust in the wrong anonymous sources .
THE BOSTON GLOBE Cover for the Boston Globe Ideas section about how students are trying to limit free speech on campus .
HOPE
REPORT ON BUSINESS Transition to cloud based software .
Variety Renovating the Emmys .
Surveillance
School Safety
i Worship
The Optimist
Meet Andrea Danenza Hissom , the new girlfriend of casino tycoon and Las Vegas billionaire Steve Wynn .
Andrea Hissom is the daughter of international hustler Victor Danenza , and she was formerly married to Robert Davis Hissom , a financial analyst for Aspen Capital Partners Ltd. of Europe .
She is also the mother one son , Nick Hissom .
Wynn reportedly left his wife , Elaine , a few months ago .
The couple had already divorced once back in 1986 before getting remarried .
Steve and Elaine have two daughters , Kevyn and Gillian .
Steve Wynn is chairman and CEO of Wynn resorts .
He was inducted into the American Gaming Association Hall of Fame in 2006 .
Patrick McGoohan , a two - time Emmy Award - winning actor who starred as a British spy in the 1960s TV series “ Secret Agent ” and gained cult status later in the decade as the star of the enigmatic series “ The Prisoner , ” has died .
He was 80 .
McGoohan , whose career involved stage , screen and TV , died Tuesday at St. John ’s Health Center in Santa Monica after a short illness , said Cleve Landsberg , McGoohan ’s son - in - law .
The family did not provide further details .
It was the height of James Bond mania in 1965 when McGoohan showed up on American TV screens in “ Secret Agent , ” a British - produced series in which he played John Drake , a special security agent working as a spy for the British government .
The hourlong series , which ran on CBS until 1966 , was an expanded version of “ Danger Man , ” a short - lived , half - hour series on CBS in 1961 in which McGoohan played the same character .
Advertisement
But it was McGoohan ’s next British - produced series , “ The Prisoner , ” on CBS in 1968 and 1969 , that became a cult classic that spawned fan clubs , conventions and college study .
Once described in The Times as an “ espionage tale as crafted by Kafka , ” “ The Prisoner ” starred McGoohan as a presumed British agent who , after resigning his top - security job , is abducted in London and taken to a mysterious prison resort called the Village .
Known only as No. 6 , he is interrogated by a succession of officials who are known as No. 2 .
But he refuses all methods of breaking him down to reveal his past or why he resigned , and he repeatedly makes failed attempts to escape .
The seemingly idyllic village contains “ seeing eyes ” that monitor activities and signs such as “ A Still Tongue Makes a Peaceful Life . ”
Advertisement
McGoohan co-created and executive - produced the series , which ran for only 17 episodes , as well as wrote and directed several episodes .
In a 1967 interview with The Times , he described the series as “ Brave New World ” stuff .
“ Nobody has a name , everyone wears a number , ” he said .
“ It ’s a reflection of the pressure on all of us today to be numbered , to give up our individualism .
This is a contemporary subject , not science fiction .
I hope these things will be recognized by the audience .
It ’s not meant to be subtle .
It ’s meant to say :
This little village is our world . ”
Of the enduring cult status of the series , McGoohan once said : “ Mel [ Gibson ] will always be Mad Max , and me , I will always be a number . ”
Advertisement
McGoohan , who reportedly turned down an offer to be the big screen ’s original James Bond , appeared in films such as “ The Three Lives of Thomasina , ” “ Mary , Queen of Scots , ” “ Silver Streak , ” “ Escape From Alcatraz , ” “ Scanners , ” “ Ice Station Zebra ” and Gibson ’s “ Braveheart , ” in which he played England ’s sadistic King Edward I .
In his review of “ Braveheart ” in The Times , critic Peter Rainer wrote : “ Patrick McGoohan is in possession of perhaps the most villainous enunciation in the history of acting . ”
As a guest star on Peter Falk ’s TV detective series “ Columbo , ” McGoohan won Emmys in 1975 and 1990 .
Falk once described McGoohan , who also occasionally worked as a director and writer on the “ Columbo ” mysteries , as being “ mesmerizing ” as an actor .
Advertisement
“ There are many very , very talented people in this business , but there are only a handful of genuinely original people , ” Falk told the Hollywood Reporter in 2004 .
“ I think Patrick McGoohan belongs in that small select group of truly original people . ”
He was born to Irish parents in the Astoria section of Queens , N.Y. , on March 19 , 1928 .
Some months later , his family returned to Ireland , where he grew up on a farm before moving to Sheffield , England , when he was 7 .
In the late ‘ 40s , after working a number of jobs , he became a stage manager at Sheffield Repertory Theatre , where he soon launched his acting career .
In 1951 , he married actress Joan Drummond , with whom he had three daughters , Catherine , Anne and Frances .
Advertisement
In 1959 , he received a London Drama Critics Award for his performance in a London stage production of Ibsen ’s “ Brand . ”
On television , McGoohan also starred in the short - lived 1977 medical drama “ Rafferty . ”
Sharif Ali , McGoohan ’s agent , said McGoohan had been writing and had two acting offers on the table before he died .
“ He really did n’t talk much about his illness , ” said Ali .
“ We were too busy talking about his future ; he was excited to get back to work .
He had so much more to give . ”
Advertisement
In addition to his wife and daughters , McGoohan is survived by five grandchildren and a great - grandson .
dennis.mclellan@latimes.com
New York State is pressed for cash , and its governor is eyeing iTunes hungrily .
With the Dow having lost one - third of its value this year , New York expects taxes from Wall Street to fall short .
Gov. David Paterson ( D ) , the recent victim of a Saturday Night Live lampooning , wants to head off the expected $ 15.4 billion budget gap with a laundry list of new taxes and fees .
The 88 proposed hikes include expanded levies on clothing , taxis , movie tickets , and " digitally delivered entertainment services . "
That last item , if passed , would make New York the newest state to impose a so - called " iTunes tax . "
Currently , 17 states and the District of Columbia have similar laws in place , according to CNET .
Politicians in Massachusetts , Wyoming , and Washington are weighing their own bills .
Governor Paterson 's plan calls for a 4 percent tax on music or movies downloaded within New York .
The fee would hit at the time of purchase , much like sales taxes in brick - and - mortar stores .
The proposal does n't target iTunes specifically , but Apple is America 's largest music retailer – online or otherwise – and therefore will probably be the company sending the most cash into New York 's coffers .
Ebooks from Amazon and downloadable games from Valve could also generate revenue for New York , depending on the final wording of the law .
Apple did not respond to requests for a comment .
Artist 's Statement Sorry to be late posting this week .
I had to turn this cartoon into the City Paper with only three panels completed ( and a much less funny version of panel 3 , with only one image of Past Tim ) .
You , my internet readers , get the full version with an extra panel , complete with color !
It took me until now to post because my colleague Megan Kelso was visiting town and I opted to spend all my time going to the Natural History Museum with her and her daughter or drinking beers and yakking late into the night with her instead of updating my website as I should have been .
In other words , you , too , have now been inconvenienced and deprived by that self - centered good - for - naught , Past Tim .
You see ?
You see how he is ?
This is what I have to contend with all the time .
This notion of being callously fucked over by one 's own Past Self has spread and become a meme among some of my friends : Past Mike once again did not rinse out yesterday 's coffee mug ; Past Jenny got stoned and checked email again instead of doing any one of the hundred and fifty - seven things on her list .
Oh , these selfish , thoughtless Past Selves , caring for no one but their own past selves , gleefully giving the finger to us earnest , hardworking folk of the future for their own short - term pleasure !
It ’s so useful to be able to blame Past You for all your poor planning and laziness and self - sabotage .
Damn them .
Damn them all .
I do n’t have too much to say about this cartoon except that I am very pleased with the cartoon emanata I improvised to indicate “ crazy girl you should not go home with ” -- dancing red flags about her head .
It was something of a challenge to come up with semiotic indicators of craziness that were not the stereotypical orbital rings or floating cuckoos .
A friend of mine once described the “ stink lines of craziness ” he could see radiating from a woman ’s head in real life , but this seems too easily confused with the tingling of Peter Parker ’s spidey - sense .
I did give her what the late David Foster Wallace memorably called “ hair fangs . ”
My colleague Megan urged me to draw a handbag jammed and overflowing with crap , but I ’d run out of room and time .
Houndstooth was a very poor choice for an artist already harried and past deadline and tired of drawing .
About the little sailor suit , I think we can all agree the less said the better .
Our donation button is directly below .
Also , coming soon , I promise : The Pain merchandise , including custom posters , T - shirts , and coffee mugs .
Requests and suggestions for featured designs are welcome .
In the meantime , please buy my books .
Force India are one of the last teams to unveil their 2009 car after sealing a new engine deal with Mercedes
The team failed to win a single point in 2008 but first impressions of the VJM02 suggest it could be a different story this year Red Bull drivers Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber lift the covers on the RB5 at the Jerez circuit in Spain in early February Adrian Newey 's ( second from left ) eagerly - anticipated design features a very low top to the chassis in front of the cockpit With Webber recovering from a broken leg , Vettel is left to take the new car for a spin , showing off its longer rear - wing endplates BMW Sauber unveil the F1.09 in Valencia on 20 January .
It features a much higher and wider nose and considerably slimmer rear wing BMW 's Polish driver Robert Kubica takes the F1.09 for its first drive as the sunlight bounces off the Valencia testing circuit Fernando Alonso ( left ) and Nelson Piquet , with team boss Flavio Briatore ( centre ) , unveil Renault 's R29 in Portugal on 19 January Piquet Jr retains his drive with Renault for a second season , while team - mate Alonso will aim for a third drivers ' championship Resembling something like a duck in a rainy pond , the skies open as Piquet Jr puts the new R29 through its paces in a short test session The Williams FW31 , in dark blue winter testing livery , gets the quietest of debuts outside the Williams garage in Portugal Test driver Nico Hulkenberg gives the FW31 its first outing , showing off the team 's response to new aerodynamics regulations World champion Lewis Hamilton is all smiles as McLaren launch their car for the new season at their Woking base McLaren 's new car - the MP4 - 24 - conforms to the biggest set of rule changes in the sport in 25 years Toyota F1's test driver Kamui Kobayashi gives the TF109 its first airing at the Portimao track on 18 January Toyota expect the TF109 to earn its first race win after finishing a disappointing fifth in the 2008 constructors ' championship Ferrari are first to launch their 2009 car with boss Stefano Domenicali ( centre ) on hand alongside Felipe Massa and Kimi Raikkonen
The F60 conforms to 2009 's rules , which include aerodynamic tweaks , slick tyres and an optional kinetic energy recovery system
The front wing must be lower , wider and include an adjustable flap to aid overtaking so Ferrari 's technical director Aldo Costa focused on the wing 's side elements
The new - look Ferrari has a sculpted and compact rear end , which houses the Kers system in the back of the chassis Back 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 Next
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend
Lawrence Lessig , The Colbert Remixes and Where We Go From Here
Early in January , Comedy Central ’s Stephen Colbert sat down with Lawrence Lessig .
The interview was typical Colbert tongue - in - cheek , but good for a laugh .
For those of you not closely following the implosion of the music industry and subsequent recreation as a more inclusive forum , Lessig is the author of Remix : Making Art and Commerce Thrive in the Hybrid Economy , a book that examines methods of creating revenue out of creative work .
The example Lessig used while talking to Colbert was Flickr which allows users to post pictures which Flickr can then create revenue from .
But Lessig ’s primary argument is that the war on Peer - to - Peer file sharing has failed ( he ’ll get no argument here ) and that the copyright laws are outdated with the vast number of increasing ways people can share , remix and alter original work while making something new .
In a way , every blog does this .
This post in itself is a remix of two interviews , the functions of two websites and my arrangement of these facts with my thoughts .
It ’s about as close as I come to making music .
The DIY explosion in music is part of the culture that has helped spawn mash - ups like Danger Mouse ’s Grey Album ( The Beatles ’ White Album / Jay - Z’s Black Album ) and AmpLive ’s Rainydayz Remixes ( AmpLive remixing Radiohead ‘s In Rainbows . )
The point is that technology and the rapidly evolving music industry need to find common ground with artists , and not just other musicians , but all artists , as the mixed media medium is something that can only grow from here .
Well , when Colbert was very specific about becoming “ possibly litigious ” should anyone take portions of his interview and remix it with a dance beat , he had to do so knowing full - well that someone would .
He was n’t disappointed as two days later , internet upstart IndabaMusic jumped into the fray with a full site devoted to remixing the Colbert / Lessig interview .
But it did n’t end there , did it ?
With Colbert , how could it ?
Never being one to avoid an opportunity to poke fun at himself , Colbert remixed a video of his own work to a pulsing dance beat , and told the remixers to lay off again , to of course encourage them to remix more .
Enter Dan Zaccagnino , head of Indaba who had an interview on Colbert the other night ( interview at 14 m in ) to talk about the remix culture .
Of course , these types of remixes are nothing new over at MixMatchMusic , which has had success with their Remix Wizard .
While the Indaba / Colbert remix contest is excellent , it is Indaba based .
MMM ’s Remix Wizard is a free widget that can be set up and used by any artist on their website to host remix promotions .
It does n’t even need to have anything to do with music , as evidenced by Remix Sarah Palin .
While Colbert ’s thoughts in the interviews with Lessig and Zaccagnino are clearly meant to be humorous , they serve a larger purpose in that these episodes help create buzz for a rapidly growing and increasingly important segment of the music industry : collaborative pieces brought about through alternative means .
Indaba has managed to create a large community of musicians from around the world who are engaging in internet based musical collaboration , and this is a huge first step in breaking down barriers within the recording industry .
But with every broken barrier comes the question of the next frontier .
While Colbert asked Zaccagnino what happens to girlfriends breaking up bands if the musicians collaborate on the internet , he failed in his attempts at humor to get to the root of the issue , namely monetization of content .
While not many musicians will actively think internet collaboration as a means to avoid break - ups with their significant others , a most serious topic of interest to them is how they can profit from their work .
No artist likes the idea of losing control over their work , but if knowing that the usage of their work by others would create tangible income for them , the concept of collaboration and other artists who liked them enough to mix them with their own pieces becomes a much more appealing , and therefore widespread trend .
As with the foresight of their DIY remix widgets , MixMatchMusic provides the ability for artists to monetize collaboratively made songs , as well as contribute stems to their social sample library to earn royalties .
The monetization of artist work and internet collaboration is the next step in the rebuilding of the music industry .
As fans become more involved with the artists because they are part of a shared internet workspace , the desire to support an artist will increase .
Add to that the ability to remix their favorite artist ’s work , and the fan interaction with the music becomes uncaged .
Forget making a mixtape for a friend .
Imagine taking your favorite songs and going Girl Talk on them .
This interest and desire to support the artist would in turn funnel revenue back to the musicians .
The recording industry would say that this has been the goal of their war on file sharing , but that is an outrageous lie as most artists never see a dime of the few settlements the RIAA succeeds in obtaining .
Little wonder then that the RIAA is backing down .
In fact , one could argue that the backlash against the recording industry has been fueled by the consumer perspective that the artists are n’t seeing the profits they should .
Furthermore , as revenue streams move away from the major labels and into the artists ’ pockets , the majors will be forced to work with both musicians and consumers on more viable distribution and revenue models .
But forget about the money and the labels and the upheaval in the industry .
How will this help music evolve ?
As more artists turn to internet collaboration because their work is safe and profitable , the inevitable evolution of genres and musical landscapes will grow exponentially .
Think The Beatles and Jay - Z were cool ?
What happens when you can take a French hip - hopper ’s lyrics , a tribal drum beat from a musician in Africa , a flute melody from Tokyo and a guitar piece from Columbus , Ohio , and add it to your piano piece from the comfort of your home and computer ?
Sure , you could make money , but look at what your collaboration has created musically .
When internet collaboration is monetized and all - inclusive , the community becomes the music industry , and the listeners become the musicians .
Special correspondent Oscar Swartz reports .
STOCKHOLM — Pirate Bay co-founder Gottfrid Svartholm
Warg took the witness stand Thursday afternoon , defiantly defending the BitTorrent tracking site he helped found five years ago .
He and the three other defendants are accused by Swedish authorities and the entertainment industry of facilitating copyright infringement by operating the world 's most notorious BitTorrent tracker .
Warg testified that no copyrighted works touch its servers that are scattered worldwide .
" The site is a blank space , created by its users .
It is a technical service where users can communicate the material they want to communicate , " the defendant , who goes by the moniker " anakata , " said on the fourth day of trial .
He testified that the growth in popularity of the site went beyond what could be supported by donations and use of personal resources .
Selling ads for the site , he said , made it possible to keep pace with that growth — now estimated at 22 million users .
Monique Wadsted , a Motion Picture Association lawyer , asked of him : " But why did you want to meet that demand ?
Why not just shut down instead ? "
The defendant replied : " Because it is technically interesting .
The site is about uploading torrent files . "
Warg also testified about how he had to write code , because existing software simply could not handle the site 's enormous traffic .
" I am particularly skilled in writing optimized code , " he confessed when a lawyer wondered if he agreed that he was a " computer genius . "
While on the stand , he was also asked about his habit of publicly ridiculing copyright owners who complained by sending Pirate Bay takedown notices .
" They still do n't understand that they have to write to the persons who share the material , not us , " he testified .
Earlier in the day , defendant Fred Neij took the stand , leaving a Swedish prosecutor baffled over who is in charge of the BitTorrent site .
Also charged are Peter Sunde and Carl Lundström .
Prosecutor Hakan Roswall has summarized the charges as " promoting other people 's infringements of copyright laws . "
Photo courtesy of Emil Oldenberg
See Also :
ADVERTISEMENT
More than a million French workers protest economic conditions RAW STORY
Published : Thursday January 29 , 2009
Print This Email This Update : Watch videos of the protest at bottom .
PARIS ( AFP ) 
More than a million French workers took to the streets Thursday to voice anger and fear of job losses during a one - day strike over President Nicolas Sarkozy 's handling of the economic crisis .
Billed as a " Black Thursday , " the nationwide day of action caused less transport disruption than expected but the strike was well supported , with a quarter of France 's five million public sector workers downing tools .
The demonstrations were the biggest since the right - wing president arrived in office in May 2007 , and came amid mounting public anger at his policies , in particular his plans to cut public sector jobs .
Marchers thronged the boulevards of eastern Paris -- 300,000 according to the organisers , 65,000 according to police , but over 1 million as part of the strike -- to demand protection for jobs threatened by the global slowdown .
" It 's not up to workers to pay for the bankers , " read one banner .
" The bosses caused the crisis , let them pay for it ! " said another , while a third declared : " Hands off our public services ! "
Protesters marched peacefully from the Place de la Bastille in the east of the city to the Place de l'Opera in the west , where skirmishes erupted between dozens of bottle - throwing youths and police in riot gear .
Officers repeatedly baton - charged a group of young men who tried to peel away from the demonstration and march towards Sarkozy 's official residence , the Elysee Palace , burning dustbins and smashing street furniture .
The demonstrators were tear - gassed and pushed back into streets lined with cinemas and restaurants , where they attempted to set up a road - block of burning bins and overturned at least one car and set it alight .
There were no reports of serious injuries , but several arrests were made .
Fearing for their jobs in a crisis they blame on bankers and free market failures , French workers are demanding state action against lay - offs , a boost to low wages and an end to public sector cutbacks .
The CGT trade union claimed that the demonstrations had attracted more than two - and - a - half million protesters in towns and cities across France , while the interior ministry estimated the total number at 1.08 million .
" Sarkozy is handing out big cheques to business , but he 's doing nothing for the workers , " said Mickael Sechet , a 33 - year - old factory foreman marching in the Breton city of Rennes .
" We 've had a revolution in France before .
If we need to , we 'll have one again , " he warned .
" Given the number of people in the street , he 's going to have to start listening before things get nasty . "
Opposition leader Martine Aubry , whose Socialist Party is seeking to harness mounting anger at Sarkozy 's policies , cheered on the Paris demo .
" Today , we have a president who is pushing blindly ahead even after he took us into recession through his policies even before the financial crisis began , " she told television cameras .
Sarkozy , while he showed no sign of bending on the content of his programme , admitted that workers were right to be worried about the crisis and promised to meet union leaders next month to discuss a timetable for reform .
" This crisis of an unprecedented scale which is affecting the global economy has provoked in France , as it has elsewhere in the world , legitimate concern , " the president said , in a statement .
" This crisis imposes on the public authorities a duty to listen and to talk , but also a great determination to act , " he added .
Polls show public support for the protests is high and officials said around a third of teachers , telecoms and electricity workers , a quarter of postal workers and 15 percent of air traffic controllers were on strike .
Sarkozy came to power in May 2007 promising to raise living standards and kickstart growth , but France only narrowly avoided recession last year , and the economy is expected to contract in 2009 for the first time since 1993 .
The following video was uploaded to YouTube Jan. 29 by a protester at the Paris strikes :
The following report was published Jan. 29 by China 's CCTV .
With wire reports .
Gifts for Men
Guys gifts are notoriously hard to shop for .
If you always seem to struggle , we ’re here to help .
Our collection of gifts for men includes everything from awesome , affordable trinkets to bigger ticket items for special occasions .
We ’re talking handmade leather goods , unique drinkware , better desk accessories , unique gifts , and so much more .
When it comes to selecting gifts for him on holidays , anniversaries , birthdays , and other random times throughout the year , let us provide you with some great choices .
Here you ’ll find a selection of some of our favorite men ’s gifts along with categories to help narrow your search and find the perfect one .
Over are the days of giving yet another restaurant gift card .
Read more Read less
People giving a little February 14 , 2009
Last week I blogged about how I was asking for donations to help me buy a new server for BookMooch , as the present one is now at 87 % capacity .
I received a whole bunch of postal mail with checks , about $ 500 worth , which is great !
I ’ve raised about $ 1500 so far , which is fantastic , but a long way from the $ 10,000 this server is going to cost , so please do give a little if you can .
I really do need the help to keep BookMooch sustainable ( it does cost something to run this service , since I do run it for free ) .
Here are two wonderful letters ( out of a bunch ! ) that I received , that I wanted to share .
I love the love that mooching engenders !
- john
We ended our last column with the observation that historians have been left with the massive task of exposing the George W. Bush administration ’s many misdeeds .
And if the events of the past week are any indication — indeed , if the past eight years are any indication — we are about to discover that the problems we already discovered pale in comparison to those about to emerge .
Surprise , surprise : Fewer than 24 hours after the end of the Bush presidency , a former analyst at the National Security Agency revealed on MSNBC ’s “ Countdown with Keith Olbermann ” that Bush ’s National Security Agency “ monitored all communications ” of Americans and that U.S. news organizations and individual journalists were specifically targeted .
Former analyst Russell Tice told Olbermann that , “ The National Security Agency had access to all Americans ’ communications — faxes , phone calls , and their computer communications .
And it did n’t matter whether you were in Kansas , in the middle of the country , and you never made any foreign communications at all . ”
Tice went on to explain that , in fact , particular journalists were targeted , just as they were during the bad old days of Watergate .
When Olbermann asked if there was “ a file somewhere full of every e-mail sent by all the reporters at the New York Times ? ” or if “ there [ is ] a recording somewhere of every conversation I had with my little nephew in upstate New York ?
Is it like that ? ”
Tice responded that , indeed , “ if it was involved in this specific avenue of collection , it would be everything .
Yes .
It would be everything . ”
Within days , New York Times reporter James Risen also appeared on Olbermann and said that he suspects he was a victim of such surveillance : “ What I know for a fact is that the Bush administration got my phone records .
Whether that was obtained by the FBI or the NSA , my lawyers and I have been trying to investigate that . ”
Risen and Tice have some history together — in 2005 , Risen , along with Eric Lichtblau , wrote an article in The New York Times exposing the Bush administration ’s warrantless wiretapping program for the first time .
Tice was one of their sources .
Risen and Lichtblau won Pulitzer Prizes for their reporting — something that Dick Cheney noted during his farewell round of interviews “ always aggravated him . ”
The Bush administration was aggravated as soon as the story was printed and attempted to identify Risen ’s sources within the federal government .
The New York Times reported in April that government officials called before a grand jury were confronted with phone records documenting their calls with Risen .
Notably , neither Risen nor The New York Times received a subpoena for those records .
This is why Risen believes he was targeted under the surveillance now described by Tice .
So , how did The New York Times cover Tice ’s revelations that ordinary American citizens , journalists in general , and possibly one of their own reporters in particular , had their communications monitored without a warrant ?
As far as we can tell , not at all .
Neither
Tice nor his charges were discussed in the Times , either in print or online .
This was standard across much of the mainstream media —
The Washington Post , Los Angeles Times , USA Today , and Associated Press have all remained completely silent about Tice ’s allegations .
And in one of his many , many “ legacy ” interviews , Bush told Fox ’s Brett Baier in December that they were simply “ listening to a phone call from a known terrorist . ”
He was not challenged on this point during that interview , nor any other of which we are aware .
Of course , this is hardly the first time that the mainstream media has looked the other way toward NSA spying .
The NSA ’s surveillance of U.N. diplomats in New York before the invasion of Iraq did n’t get much mainstream attention when the story broke ( in Britain ) , nor since .
But one might imagine that the direct spying on journalists themselves would excite more attention , particularly given the self - interested aspects of the question and the constitutional complications it raises .
Tice ’s tantalizing tip was mentioned again on Rachel Maddow ’s show , as well on Chris Matthews ’ , and Michael Calderone blogged about it on the Politico .
But that ’s it .
Clearly something deeply disturbing lurks beneath these revelations , and with Bush gone from office , it ’s hard to understand just what is preventing journalists from seeking the truth about this program more energetically .
The only thing they have to fear is fear itself .
Eric Alterman is a Senior Fellow at the Center for American Progress , a Distinguished Professor of English at Brooklyn College , a professor of journalism at the CUNY Graduate School of Journalism , and a columnist for The Nation .
His seventh book , Why We ’re Liberals : A Political Handbook for Post - Bush America , was recently published by Viking .
George Zornick is a freelance writer in New York .
As part of the stimulus package , $ 20 billion will be pumped into the health care system to accelerate the use of electronic health records .
The goal is both to improve the quality and lower the costs of care by replacing cumbersome paper records with electronic records that can be easily stored and swiftly transmitted .
The idea is sound , but it also raises important questions about how to ensure the privacy of patients .
Fortunately , the legislation would impose sensible privacy protections despite attempts by business lobbyists to weaken the safeguards .
With paper records the opportunities for breaches are limited to over - the - shoulder glimpses or the occasional lost or stolen files .
But when records are kept and transferred electronically , the potential for abuse can become as vast as the Internet .
Electronic health records that can be linked to individual patients are already protected by laws that apply primarily to hospitals , doctors , nursing homes , pharmacists , laboratories and insurance plans .
The stimulus bill that has passed in the House , and a similar bill awaiting approval in the Senate , would strengthen the privacy requirements and apply them more directly to “ business associates ” of the providers , like billing and collection services or pharmacy benefit managers , that have access to sensitive data but are not readily held accountable for any misuse .
Old Drugs , New Tricks - 100 Year Old Clofazimine Takes On Multiple Sclerosis
A century - old drug that failed in its original intent to treat tuberculosis but has worked well as an anti-leprosy medicine now holds new promise as a potential therapy for multiple sclerosis and other autoimmune diseases .
" We never expected that an old antibiotic would hit this target that has been implicated in multiple sclerosis , psoriasis and type 1 diabetes , " says Johns Hopkins pharmacologist Jun O. Liu " People have been working for years and spending tens of millions of dollars on developing a drug to inhibit a specific molecular target involved in these diseases , and here , we have a safe , known drug that hits that target , " known as the Kv1.3 potassium channel .
The finding is about clofazimine , a synthetic compound made in the 1890s , and Johns Hopkins researchers uncovered the drug 's latest potential during an ongoing and exhaustive screening of FDA - approved drugs designed to identify new uses for them .
The Hopkins team was specifically hunting for immune system control agents within the Johns Hopkins Drug Library , a collection assembled over the past seven years by Liu and colleagues of more than 3,000 drugs in pharmacies or being tested in phase II clinical trials .
This is a population of human immune cells preloaded with a dye that fluoresces pink / red when calcium is present .
One of the key steps involved in turning on the immune response is the prolonged accumulation of calcium inside of immune cells .
When the Johns Hopkins researchers stimulated an immune cell , setting the signaling event in motion , they noticed that lots of calcium flushed into the cell and lingered there .
The Johns Hopkins scientists say they were surprised to discover that clofazimine interferes with a molecular pathway important in orchestrating the human body 's immune response .
However , when they pretreated the immune cells with clofazimine , the calcium rush was much less and it did n’t hang around as long .
Without sustained calcium , the immune system is n’t activated ; as a result , autoimmune disease – caused by the uncontrolled activation of a subset of immune cells that attack a person ’s own tissues – will not occur .
" Until now , clofazimine 's presumed target was not human cells , but bacteria , " says Liu , professor of pharmacology and molecular science , Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine .
" But we discovered the drug has a tremendous effect on human immune cells that are heavily involved in both the initiation and execution of an effective immune response . "
More specifically , Liu's team sought drugs that stop the molecular signaling pathway that leads from the surface of an immune system cell to the cell 's interior , where the signal turns on genes important in activating the immune response , Liu says .
In autoimmune diseases , a person 's own white blood cells , meant to fight infection or disease , are misguided to target and attack the body 's own cells , damaging or destroying them .
To search for such compounds , the team first engineered cells to mimic an immune cell 's natural signaling pathway , a complex and circuitous route from the cell surface to the genetic switch inside .
They then subjected these specialized cells to the Drug Library , one at a time , and identified more than 200 hits — drugs that inhibited the signaling system significantly , by more than 50 percent .
When they compared the potency of the 200 with each other , " clofazimine was the hit with the highest inhibitory activity , " Liu says .
Next , by systematically studying the multistep signaling process , the researchers pinpointed clofazimine 's molecular target , a protein " pore " called ion channel Kv1.3 , which plays an essential role in the complicated signaling process .
One of the key steps involved in turning on the immune response is the prolonged accumulation of calcium inside of immune cells , Liu explains .
When the researchers stimulated an immune cell , setting the signaling event in motion , they noticed that lots of calcium flushed into the cell and lingered there .
However , when they pretreated the immune cells with clofazimine , the calcium rush was much less and it did n't hang around as long .
" This let us conclude that clofazimine was blocking the calcium influx into the immune cells , " Liu says .
" Without enough calcium getting inside a cell , the signaling pathway that turns on the immune response was short - circuited . "
The Johns Hopkins group also showed that clofazimine tamps down the presence of free calcium in immune cells by disrupting a potassium channel .
The combined effect is to shut down a signaling pathway involved in autoimmune disease .
In addition to Jun O. Liu , authors of this paper are Yunzhao R. Ren , Fan Pan , Curtis R. Chong , Jing Xu , Yongjun Dang , and Jin Zhang , all of Johns Hopkins ; Reinhold Penner , Suhel Parvez , and Andrea Fleig , all of the University of Hawaii ; and Hongsi Jiang of Northwestern University .
A dad sent them an RC truck to help with IED`s , IT WORKED WELL .
VATICAN CITY - The Vatican 's relations with Jews risked a new crisis Friday after an excommunicated British bishop - reportedly in line for rehabilitation - said that historical evidence " is hugely against 6 million Jews having been deliberately gassed " during World War II .
Two Italian newspapers reported Thursday that Pope Benedict XVI planned to lift the excommunication of Richard Williamson and three other bishops punished for having been consecrated without papal consent 20 years ago by the late French conservative Archbishop Marcel Lefevbre .
The Vatican declined to comment on the reports , but Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi suggested Friday that such a decree would be made public soon .
Rome 's chief rabbi asked the Vatican to halt the reported rehabilitation .
Rabbi Ricardo Di Segni said it is " inconceivable " the pope did n't know Williamson 's views .
The International Jewish Committee for Interreligious Consulation also urged that the excommunications of all four - and especially Williamson - not be lifted , saying they were all opposed to pursuing relations with Jews , Protestants and Muslims .
Vatican - Jewish relations have been already strained by Jewish criticism of World War II Pope Pius XII , accused by some of not speaking out in a bid to head off the Holocaust .
Israeli officials recently took offense when a senior cardinal said Gaza under the Israeli offensive seemed like a " big concentration camp . "
Williamson made his comments in an interview with Swedish state TV while in Germany in November ; the broadcast was aired Wednesday night .
He said the Nazis did not use gas chambers .
" I believe that the historical evidence ... is hugely against 6 million Jews having been deliberately gassed in gas chambers as a deliberate policy of Adolf Hitler , " he said .
He cited what he called the " most serious " revisionists who he said had concluded that " between 200,000 - 300,000 perished in Nazi concentration camps , but not one of them by gassing in a gas chamber . "
Vatican officials declined Friday to comment on his remarks .
Lefebvre rebelled against the Vatican 's modernizing reforms of the 1960s , which included reaching out to other religions and replacing Latin with local languages at Mass .
Benedict has already made a concession to Lefebvre 's traditionalist Society of St. Pius X in the hope of bringing it back into the Church by making the old Latin Mass more readily available .
Lifting the excommunications would satisfy another key demand of the group .
Williamson 's remarks could bring him legal problems in Germany .
State prosecutors in Regensburg opened a preliminary investigation about whether he broke German laws against Holocaust denial .
About a week ago , Nat posted Open Source NG Databases on O'Reilly Radar .
That caught my interest because I 'm playing with some " alternative " databases for some of our data at Craigslist .
Do n't get me wrong , MySQL is great .
But MySQL is n't well suited to every use case out there either .
( I 'll talk more about this at the MySQL Conference . )
Meanwhile , I left a comment on that posting about CouchDB and have been playing with it a bit more since then -- mostly loading in test data , figuring out the data footprint , performance , etc .
Overall , I 'm impressed and encouraged .
I agree with what Ben Bangert said .
The simple API is great but the lack of a schema to worry about really makes my life simple in this application .
I do n't have any initial plans for views , but writing them in Javascript is an interesting idea .
I can definitely appreciate the flexibility there .
And having good replication built - in solves one of my big needs .
I 'm sure my thinking will have evolve after I 've loaded a few hundred million documents in , but so far I 'm really liking it .
The CPAN modules in Net : : CouchDb do a pretty good job and get you up and running quickly .
I had a knee - jerk response to tweak a few things there but quickly realize that they 're far from being the bottleneck anyway .
It seems that without any tuning or fancy work , I can get about 75 - 100 inerts / sec on my desktop class Ubuntu box ( Intel Core 2 Duo , 2.66GHz , 1GB RAM , single 80 GB SATA disk ) .
That 's not bad for out - of - the - box performance .
And doing the math on space used for a document set ( after compaction ) , I 'm seeing roughly ~ 3 KB / doc .
That 's a bit more than I expected but really not bad at all .
I wonder if there 's a future for gzip compression in CouchDB .
Or maybe we should just use ZFS ...
Posted by jzawodn at February 10 , 2009 10:58 AM
As we previously reported , Anheuser Busch ( Budweiser , Bud Light ) had exclusive rights from the NFL to run beer ads during the Super Bowl , thus no other Beer ads ran nationally .
So how did Bud take advantage of the premier positioning ?
Not so well in my opinion .
Budweiser and Bud Light have run some of the best Super Bowl ads of the past 20 years , but this year I think they came up a bit short .
Here are all of their ads , courtesy of Hulu :
Clearly Budweiser had some internal directive which led them to run campy Clydesdale ads that really did n’t deliver .
It was as if they were advertising to women :
Bud Light Lime , the new kid in town delivered an equally ineffective attempt .
Yes , we get it , you can drink this crap year round if you want :
Bud Light definitely brought more edge with their commercials , and were the best of the Anheuser Busch family .
While decently amusing , even these commercials come up short of past campaigns , and are not destined to become quotable classics :
So unless I missed something , that was 27 Million dollars worth of advertising time , that failed to make a substantial impact .
If it were n’t for their Secret Online Ad , I would consider this year a total fail for them .
What do you think ?
The purpose of this wikibook is to show how common algorithms are written in various programming languages , providing code implementations and explanation .
The plan for this book is initially to collect code from some Wikipedia articles .
Then the code can be expanded upon , perfected , and heavily commented to provide insight into how it works .
Contents [ edit ]
Our imports from non-OPEC countries have dropped from over 8 million barrels a day to less than 7 million barrels a day .
Edit :
In this graph , EIA calculates oil production based on which countries are in OPEC when , so this drop really reflects OPEC 's increased membership , more than it does non-OPEC 's declining oil production .
Our big problem now is that imports from non-OPEC countries are dropping , putting us more and more in need of imports from OPEC countries .
The EIA shows this graph of non-OPEC petroleum imports :
Yesterday , President Obama delivered remarks on his plan to " reverse our dependence on foreign oil while building a new energy economy that will create millions of jobs " .
In this post , I provide Obama 's remarks on his plans to reduce our dependence on foreign oil ( not really " energy independence " , as some have called it ) , plus some graphs of current imports to put these remarks in context .
Our imports from OPEC countries are flat to slightly rising , at about 6 million barrels a day .
On a combined basis , our imports are declining , because OPEC increases are not keeping up with non-OPEC decreases .
In Obama 's speech from yesterday , he says :
Congress has passed legislation to increase standards to at least 35 miles per gallon by 2020 .
That 40 percent increase in fuel efficiency for our cars and trucks could save over 2 million barrels of oil every day : nearly the amount of oil that we import from the Persian Gulf .
How much oil do we import from the Persian Gulf ?
Indeed , it is a little over 2 million barrels a day , or about 16 % of our total imports .
This is what EIA shows :
Solving our Persian Gulf imports is a relatively small part of our total problem , but it is a part .
As non-OPEC imports decline further , we will be more and more dependent on OPEC imports from around the world .
President Obama's Speech
This is a transcript of Obama 's speech , taken from here .
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Thank you .
Please , everybody be seated .
Thank you so much .
Thank you .
Thank you , everybody .
Thank you .
( APPLAUSE )
Please , everybody be seated .
Thank you .
Good morning .
AUDIENCE : Good morning .
OBAMA : Before I begin today 's announcement , I want to say a few words about the deepening economic crisis that we 've inherited and the need for urgent action .
Over the last few days , we 've learned that Microsoft , Intel , United Airlines , Home Depot , Sprint Nextel and Caterpillar are each cutting thousands of jobs .
These are not just numbers on a page .
As with the millions of jobs lost in 2008 , these are working men and women whose families have been disrupted and whose dreams have been put on hold .
We owe it to each of them and to every single American to act with a sense of urgency and common purpose .
We can't afford distractions and we cannot afford delays .
And that is why I look forward to signing an American recovery and reinvestment plan that will put millions of Americans to work and lay the foundation for stable growth that our economy needs and that our people demand .
These are extraordinary times , and it calls for swift and extraordinary action .
At a time of such great challenge for America , no single issue is as fundamental to our future as energy .
America 's dependence on oil is one of the most serious threats that our nation has faced .
It bankrolls dictators , pays for nuclear proliferation and funds both sides of our struggle against terrorism .
It puts the American people at the mercy of shifting gas prices , stifles innovation , and sets back our ability to compete .
These urgent dangers to our national and economic security are compounded by the long - term threat of climate change , which , if left unchecked , could result in violent conflict , terrible storms , shrinking coastlines , and irreversible catastrophe .
These are the facts , and they are well - known to the American people .
After all , there is nothing new about these warnings .
Presidents have been sounding the alarm about energy dependence for decades .
President Nixon promised to make our energy -- our nation energy independent by the end of the 1970s .
When he spoke , we imported about a third of our oil , and we now import more than half .
Year after year , decade after decade , we 've chosen delay over decisive action .
Rigid ideology has overruled sound science .
Special interests have overshadowed common sense .
Rhetoric has not led to the hard work needed to achieve results and our leaders raise their voices each time there 's a spike on gas prices , only to grow quiet when the price falls at the pump .
Now America has arrived at a crossroads .
Embedded in American soil , in the wind and the sun , we have the resources to change .
Our scientists , businesses and workers have the capacity to move us forward .
It falls on us to choose whether to risk the peril that comes with our current course or to seize the promise of energy independence .
And for the sake of our security , our economy and our planet , we must have the courage and commitment to change .
It will be the policy of my administration to reverse our dependence on foreign oil while building a new energy economy that will create millions of jobs .
And we hold no illusion about the task that lies ahead .
I can not promise a quick fix .
No single technology or set of regulations will get the job done .
But we will commit ourselves to steady , focused , pragmatic pursuit of an America that is freed from our energy dependence and empowered by a new energy economy that puts millions of our citizens to work .
Today I 'm announcing the first steps on our journey toward energy independence , as we develop new energy , set new fuel efficiency standards and address greenhouse gas emissions .
Each step begins to move us in a new direction , while giving us the tools that we need to change .
First we must take bold action to create a new American energy economy that creates millions of jobs for our people .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan before Congress places a downpayment on this economy .
It will put 460,000 Americans to work with clean energy investments and double the capacity to generate alternative energy over the next three years .
It will lay down 3,000 miles of transmission lines to deliver this energy to every corner of our country .
It will save taxpayers $ 2 billion a year by making 75 percent of federal buildings more efficient .
And it'll save working families hundreds of dollars on their energy bills by weatherizing 2 million homes .
This is the boost that our economy needs and the new beginning that our future demands .
By passing the bill , Congress can act where Washington has failed to act over and over again for 30 years .
We need more than the same old empty promises .
We need to show that this time it will be different .
This is the time that Americans must come together on behalf of our common prosperity and security .
Second , we must ensure that the fuel - efficient cars of tomorrow are built right here in the United States of America .
Increasing fuel efficiency in our cars and trucks is one of the most important steps that we can take to break our cycle of dependence on foreign oil .
It will also help spark the innovation needed to ensure that our auto industry keeps pace with competitors around the world .
We will start by implementing new standards for model year 2011 , so that we use less oil and families have access to cleaner , more efficient cars and trucks .
This rule will be a downpayment on a broader and sustained effort to reduce our dependence on foreign oil .
Congress has passed legislation to increase standards to at least 35 miles per gallon by 2020 .
That 40 percent increase in fuel efficiency for our cars and trucks could save over 2 million barrels of oil every day : nearly the amount of oil that we import from the Persian Gulf .
Going forward , my administration will work on a bipartisan basis in Washington and with industry partners across the country to forge a comprehensive approach that makes our economy stronger and our nation more secure .
Third , the federal government must work with , not against , states to reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
California has shown bold and bipartisan leadership through its effort to forge 21st - century standards , and over a dozen states have followed its lead .
But instead of serving as a partner , Washington stood in their way .
This refusal to lead risks the creation of a confusing and patchwork set of standards that hurts the environment and the auto industry .
The days of Washington dragging its heels are over .
My administration will not deny facts ; we will be guided by them .
We cannot afford to pass the buck or push the burden onto the states .
And that 's why I 'm directing the Environmental Protection Agency to immediately review the denial of the California waiver request and determine the best way forward .
This will help us create incentives to develop new energy that will make us less dependent on the oil that endangers our security , our economy and our planet .
As we move forward , we will fully take into account the unique challenges facing the American auto industry and the taxpayer dollars that now support it .
And let me be clear :
Our goal is not to further burden an already struggling industry ; it is to help America 's automakers prepare for the future .
This commitment must extend beyond the short - term assistance for businesses and workers .
We must help them thrive by building the cars of tomorrow and galvanizing a dynamic and viable industry for decades to come .
Finally , we will make it clear to the world that America is ready to lead .
To protect our climate and our collective security , we must call together a truly global coalition .
I 've made it clear that we will act , but so too must the world .
That 's how we will deny leverage to dictators and dollars to terrorists , and that 's how we will ensure that nations like China and India are doing their part , just as we are now willing to do ours .
It is time for America to lead because this moment of peril must be turned into one of progress .
If we take action , we can create new industries and revive old ones , we can open new factories and power new farms , we can lower costs and revive our economy .
We can do that and we must do that .
There 's much work to be done ; there is much further for us to go .
But I want to be clear from the beginning of this administration that we have made our choice : America will not be held hostage to dwindling resources , hostile regimes and a warming planet .
We will not be put off from action because action is hard .
Now is the time to make the tough choices .
Now is the time to meet the challenge at this crossroad of history by choosing a future that is safer for our country , prosperous for our planet , and sustainable .
Those are my priorities , and they 're reflected in the executive orders that I 'm about to sign .
Thank you so much for being here .
( APPLAUSE )
Business
Bloomberg
( Bloomberg ) -- U.S. equity - index futures dropped alongside most stock markets after an acrimonious American presidential debate highlighted the risk of a contested vote in November .
The dollar fluctuated .
S&P 500 and Nasdaq 100 contracts slipped in the hours after the chaotic sparring between Donald Trump and Democratic hopeful Joe Biden during which the president suggested vote - by - mail could be rife with fraud .
In Europe , declines in industrial - goods and tech shares outweighed gains in utilities .
“ What we ’ve seen from the debate is the reinforcement that if Biden wins , Trump is not going to accept that , ” said Chris Weston , head of research at Pepperstone Group Ltd. in Melbourne .
“ People positioned for an ugly contest afterwards have been validated .
” Investment firms were also recalibrating positions on the final day of this quarter , with traders saying flows were positive for the dollar .
Various tech shares fell in premarket trading alongside Walt Disney Co. , which said 28,000 workers will be let go in its slumping U.S. resort business .
That marks one of the deepest workforce reductions of the Covid - 19 era .
Global investors are keeping an eye on news about coronavirus vaccines and on talks in Washington for a new stimulus package that ’s set to reach a critical juncture this week .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin spoke Tuesday morning for 50 minutes and are set to speak again Wednesday .
Traders are preparing for euro - area inflation data on Friday .
Sub -zero headline CPI readings came for France and Germany and put a damper on the euro Wednesday as they ratcheted up the probability of additional easing by the European Central Bank .
ECB officials are speaking Wednesday .
Earlier in Asia , China Evergrande Group ’s stock and local bonds soared after the developer took a major step toward avoiding a cash crunch that had threatened to roil the nation ’s $ 50 trillion financial system and reverberate across global markets .
China markets are shut from Thursday for more than a week of holidays .
South Korea is closed Wednesday .
Equity gauges in Japan and Australia declined by at least 2 % .
Here are some key events coming up : A large line up of ECB officials , including President Christine Lagarde , speak Wednesday at the ECB and its Watchers Conference .
The EIA crude oil inventory report comes out Wednesday .
The September U.S. employment report on Friday will be the last before the November election .
These are the main moves in markets : StocksFutures on the S&P 500 Index fell 0.4 % as of 6:57 a.m. New York time .
Nasdaq 100 Index futures fell 0.5 % .
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index fell 0.2 % .
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index declined 0.6 % .
Currencies
The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index was little changed .
The British pound sank 0.2 % to $ 1.2839 .
Switzerland ’s franc was little changed at 1.0798 per euro .
The offshore yuan strengthened 0.1 % to 6.8121 per dollar .
Bonds
The yield on 10 - year Treasuries fell less than one basis point to 0.65 % .
Germany ’s 10 - year yield climbed less than one basis point to - 0.54 % .
Britain ’s 10 - year yield increased one basis point to 0.191 % .
New Zealand ’s 10 - year yield climbed five basis points to 0.519 % .
CommoditiesWest
Texas Intermediate crude decreased 0.9 % to $ 38.95 a barrel .
Gold weakened 0.6 % to $ 1,886.18 an ounce .
Natural gas dipped 2.1 % to $ 2.51 per mmbtu .
Iron ore surged 3.6 % to $ 121.05 per metric ton .
For more articles like this , please visit us at bloomberg .comSubscribe now to stay ahead with the most trusted business news source .
©2020 Bloomberg L.P .
A bar inside the trunk of a Baobab tree has tourists flocking from far and wide just to drink a cold brew in the amazing tavern .
It was fashioned inside a massive 72 foot ( 22 meters ) high tree in a garden in Limpopo , South Africa , for thirsty locals .
The amazing Big Baobab Pub , complete with a phone and dartboard , hollowed into a tree .
Grown in the grounds of Sunland Farm , the tree trunk is so wide it takes 40 adults with outstretched arms to encircle its 155 foot ( 48 meters ) circumference .
The trunk is hollow , but its walls are still up to 6.5 feet ( 2 meters ) thick .
The tree has its own cellar , with natural ventilation to keep the beer cold .
Carbon - dating has determined the ancient tree to be about 6,000 years old .
“ This tree is likely to be older than the Giza Pyramids of Egypt . ” said Heather van Heerden , owner of Sunland Farm .
“ It is phenomenal to have such a magnificent tree in your back garden .
It is possibly the biggest living thing on earth . ” she adds .
More than 7,000 visitors come from all over the world to see the grandiose Baobab every year and have a drink in its pub , which has 13 foot ( 4 meter ) high ceilings and comfortably seats up to 15 people .
“ One year we had a party and squashed 54 people inside , but I would n’t recommend that . ” said Mrs. van Heerden .
She and her husband Doug came up with the brainchild to set a bar up inside when they found a natural hollow in the Baobabb shortly after they bought the farm in the late 1980’s .
“ When Baobabs are more than 1,000 years old , they hollow naturally . ” said Mrs. van Heerden .
While clearing out the hollow centre of the tree trunk , the van Heerdens found historical evidence of Bushmen — indigenous people of the Kalahari desert — who may have once lived in the tree , and artifacts belonging to the Voortrekkers , the Dutch pioneers who travelled through South Africa in the mid-1800’s .
“ We found the remains of a Bushmen bed made from rocks , possibly in the 1700 ’s . ” says van Heerden .
“ We could also gather that a Voortrekker once lived here who repaired ox wagons for the Great Trek because we found tools and wagon pieces .
” The Bushmen of the Kalahari have long had a unique relationship with the peculiar looking tree , which stands leafless for the better part of the year , with its branches resembling a mass of roots pointing upwards to the sky .
via
Liberal PBS host Bill Moyers has some explaining to do , said Jack Shafer in Slate .
The Washington Post reported that when Moyers was working for President Lyndon Johnson , he directed J. Edgar Hoover ’s FBI to investigate whether two fellow Johnson administration officials had “ homosexual tendencies . ”
The “ gay hunting ” made political sense in 1964 — LBJ aide Walter Jenkins had just been arrested having gay sex in a restroom — but Moyers should own up to it .
This is n’t the first time Moyers ’ name has been linked to gay hunting , said The Wall Street Journal in an editorial .
Federal judge Laurence Silberman , who read all of Hoover ’s secret files in 1975 , says that Moyers also asked the FBI to search for any homosexuals working for LBJ ’s 1964 rival , Barry Goldwater .
Amazingly , this is the same Moyers who has remade himself into a “ political moralist . ”
Moyers ’ long second act as “ the conscience of the American press ” is pretty unbelievable , said Glenn Garvin in The Miami Herald online .
He was one of LBJ ’s “ dirtiest henchmen , ” and his “ gay - bashing ” is just the tip of the iceberg .
But if history is any guide , this load of Moyers ’ “ dirty laundry ” will vanish “ down the memory hole ” like all the rest .
Cut the man a little slack , said Ryan Tate in Gawker .
His response to the Post , that he ca n’t remember the details of what happened in 1964 , is a little weak .
But “ Moyers is 74 . ”
And besides , “ people will probably forgive him trying to protect a pro-civil - rights president against then - lethal associations with gays . ”
The gay “ witch hunts ” were famously an obsession of Hoover ’s , said Connecticut ’s Middletown Press in an editorial , and the main focus of the Post ’s article is a look at how Hoover “ pestered Johnson ” until he let them look into whether another LBJ aide , Jack Valenti , was gay .
Hoover ’s focus on the sex lives of others “ seems almost quaint now ” — hopefully we ’ve progressed to where it is also irrelevant .
The UN 's nuclear watchdog has said traces of uranium taken from the site of an alleged nuclear reactor in Syria were manmade and rejected the Syrian government 's claim that it came from an Israeli air strike that destroyed the site in 2007 .
The report by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) on the Dair Alzour site puts strong pressure on Damascus as it rejects the Syrian explanation for the presence of uranium and denounces the government for its lack of cooperation with the agency 's inquiry .
The IAEA says Israel also failed to cooperate , but its findings give weight to the Israeli and US allegation that Dair Alzour was a secret reactor intended for eventual production of weapons .
The report explicitly questions Syria 's denials .
" Syria has stated that the origin of the uranium particles was the missiles used to destroy the building , " the IAEA report says .
" The agency 's current assessment is that there is a low probability that the uranium was introduced by the use of missiles as the isotopic and chemical composition and the morphology of the particles are all inconsistent with what would be expected from the use of uranium - based munitions . "
The report says that after an initial visit in June 2008 , which revealed the presence of processed uranium , IAEA inspectors had not been allowed back to Dair Alzour and other sites where debris might have been stored , on the grounds they were " military installations " .
Experts at the agency 's Vienna headquarters carried out further analysis of the original samples and found more traces of uranium .
" These uranium particles … are of a type not included in Syria 's declared inventory of nuclear material , " the report says .
It pointedly requests " clarification of efforts by Syrian entities to procure materials and equipment which could support the construction and operation of a nuclear reactor " .
The report says Damascus replied to some questions put to it about Dair Alzour by IAEA inspectors but is damning in its assessment of the quality of the Syrian responses , saying they " were only partial and included information already provided to the agency , and did not address most of the questions raised in the agency 's communications " .
The kitten 's name was Jack .
He was extremely playful and was caught getting ready to attack a toy we had dangling in front of him .
Taken at the Humane Society of Camden County , Georgia .
This picture was one of the winners of the ASPCA 2007 Cat Photo contest !
By the summer of 2002 , George Bush had firmly set his new course : ' regime change ' and reform in the Muslim and Arab worlds , and , where necessary , American military intervention to achieve it .
Hitherto , it had been assumed that the US could not go to war in one of the two great zones of Middle East crisis - Iraq and the Gulf - before it had at least calmed things down in the other , older and more explosive one , Palestine .
But the American administration 's neo-conservatives had a very simple answer to that .
The road to war on Iraq no longer lay through peace in Palestine ; peace in Palestine lay through war on Baghdad .
It was all set forth , in its most comprehensive , well - nigh megalomaniac form , by Norman Podhoretz , the neo- cons ' veteran intellectual luminary , in the September 2002 issue of his magazine , Commentary .
Changes in regime , he proclaimed , were ' the sine qua non throughout the region ' .
They might ' clear a path to the long - overdue internal reform and modernisation of Islam ' .
This was a full and final elaboration of that project , ' A Clean Break ' , which some of his kindred spirits had first laid before Israeli Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu back in 1996 .
It was the apotheosis of the ' strategic alliance ' , at least as much an Israeli grand design as an American one .
Under the guise of forcibly divesting Iraq of its weapons of mass destruction , the US now sought to ' reshape ' the entire Middle East , with this most richly endowed and pivotal of countries as the lynchpin of a whole new , pro-American geopolitical order .
Witnessing such an overwhelming display of American will and power , other regimes , such as Hizbollah - supporting Syria in particular , would either have to bend to American purposes or suffer the same fate .
With the assault on Iraq , the US was not merely adopting Israel 's long - established methods - of initiative , offence and pre-emption - it was also adopting Israel 's adversaries as its own .
Iraq had always ranked high among those ; it was one of its so - called ' faraway ' enemies .
These had come to be seen as more menacing than the ' near ' ones , and especially since they had begun developing weapons of mass destruction .
So excited was Israeli premier Ariel Sharon about this whole new Middle East order in the making that he told the Times , ' the day after ' Iraq , the US and Britain should turn to that other ' faraway ' enemy - Iran .
For Israel , the ayatollahs '
Iran had always seemed the greater menace of the two , by virtue of its intrinsic weight , its fundamentalist , theologically anti-Zionist leadership , its more serious , diversified and supposedly Russian - assisted nuclear armaments programme , its ideological affinity with , or direct sponsorship of , such Islamist organisations as Hamas or Hizbollah .
Nothing , in fact , better illustrated the ascendancy which Israel and the American ' friends of Israel ' have acquired over American policy - making than did Iran .
Quite simply , said Iran expert James Bill , the ' US views Iran through spectacles manufactured in Israel ' .
Impressing on the US the gravity of the Iranian threat has long been a foremost Israeli preoccupation .
By the early 1990s , the former Minister Moshe Sneh was warning that Israel ' cannot possibly put up with a nuclear bomb in Iranian hands ' .
That could and should be collectively prevented , he said , ' since Iran threatens the interests of all rational states in the Middle East ' .
However : ' If the Western states do n't do their duty , Israel will find itself forced to act alone , and will accomplish its task by any [ ie including nuclear ] means . '
The hint of anti-American blackmail in that remark was nothing exceptional ; it has always been a leitmotif of Israeli discourse on the subject .
The showdown with Iraq has only encouraged this kind of thinking .
' Within two years , ' said John Pike , director of Globalsecurity.org , 'either the US or Israelis are going to attack Iran 's [ nuclear sites ] or acquiesce in Iran being a nuclear state . '
To where this Israeli - American , neo - conservative blueprint for the Middle East will lead is impossible to forecast .
What can be said for sure is that it could easily turn out to be as calamitous in its consequences , for the region , America and Israel , as it is preposterously partisan in motivation , fantastically ambitious in design and terribly risky in practice .
Even if , to begin with , it achieves what , by its authors ' estimate , is an outward , short - term measure of success , it will not end the violence in the Middle East .
Far more likely is that , in the medium or the long term , it will make it very much worse .
For the violence truly to end , its roots must be eradicated , too , and the noxious soil that feeds them cleansed .
It is late , but perhaps not too late , for that to happen .
The historic - and historically generous - compromise offer which Yasser Arafat , back in 1988 , first put forward for the sharing of Palestine between its indigenous people and the Zionists who drove most of them out still officially stands .
It is completely obvious by now that , without external persuasion , Israel will never accept it ; that the persuasion can only come from Israel 's last real friend in the world , the US ; that , for the persuasion to work , there has to be ' reform ' or ' regime change ' in Israel quite as far - reaching as any to be wrought on the other side .
Given the partisanship , it is , admittedly , highly unlikely to happen any time soon .
But if it does n't happen in the reasonably foreseeable future , there may come a time when it can no longer happen at all .
The Palestinian leadership may withdraw its offer , having concluded , like many of its people already have , that , however conciliatory it becomes , whatever fresh concessions it makes , it will never be enough for an adversary that seems to want all .
The Hamas rejectionists , and / or those , secular as well as religious , who think like them , may take over the leadership .
The whole , broader , Arab - Israeli peace process which Anwar Sadat began , and which came to be seen as irreversible , may prove to be reversible after all .
In which case , the time may also come when the cost to the US of continuing to support its infinitely importunate protégé in a never - ending conflict against an ever - widening circle of adversaries is greater than its will and resources to sustain it .
That would very likely be a time when Israel itself is already in dire peril .
And if it were , then America would very likely discover something else : that the friend and ally it has succoured all these years is not only a colonial state , not only extremist by temperament , racist in practice , and increasingly fundamentalist in the ideology that drives it , it is also eminently capable of becoming an ' irrational ' state at America 's expense as well as its own .
The threatening of wild , irrational violence , in response to political pressure , has been an Israeli impulse from the very earliest days .
It was first authoritatively documented , in the 1950s , by Moshe Sharett , the dovish Prime Minister , who wrote of his Defence Minister , Pinhas Lavon , that he ' constantly preached for acts of madness ' or ' going crazy ' if ever Israel were crossed .
Without a ' just , comprehensive and lasting ' peace which only America can bring to pass , Israel will remain at least as likely a candidate as Iran , and a far more enduring one , for the role of ' nuclear - crazy ' state .
Iran can never be threatened in its very existence .
Israel can .
Indeed , such a threat could even grow out of the current intifada .
That , at least , is the pessimistic opinion of Martin van Creveld , professor of military history at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .
' If it went on much longer , ' he said , ' the Israeli government [ would ] lose control of the people .
In campaigns like this , the anti-terror forces lose , because they do n't win , and the rebels win by not losing .
I regard a total Israeli defeat as unavoidable .
That will mean the collapse of the Israeli state and society .
We 'll destroy ourselves . '
In this situation , he went on , more and more Israelis were coming to regard the ' transfer ' of the Palestinians as the only salvation ; resort to it was growing ' more probable ' with each passing day .
Sharon ' wants to escalate the conflict and knows that nothing else will succeed ' .
But would the world permit such ethnic cleansing ?
' That depends on who does it and how quickly it happens .
We possess several hundred atomic warheads and rockets and can launch them at targets in all directions , perhaps even at Rome .
Most European capitals are targets for our air force .
Let me quote General Moshe Dayan : " Israel must be like a mad dog , too dangerous to bother . "
I consider it all hopeless at this point .
We shall have to try to prevent things from coming to that , if at all possible .
Our armed forces , however , are not the thirtieth strongest in the world , but rather the second or third .
We have the capability to take the world down with us .
And I can assure you that that will happen before Israel goes under . '
Susan Szymczak
Safeway Sling USA • Greendale , Wisconsin • safewaysling.com
Kathryn Kerrigan
Regina Munroe
Inproma • San Carlos , California • inproma.biz
Glenda Allen
GA Janitorial • Jacksonville , Florida • gajanitorial.com
In 1966 , James Brown proclaimed that " This is a man 's world , but it would n't be nothing without a woman or a girl . "
Brown ’s sentiment was nothing new , although the meaning of the phrase has changed throughout history .
No less than Martin Luther , whose religious reformations changed European culture forever and removed many restrictions from private life , was quoted as saying " Women should remain at home , sit still , keep house , and bear children .
And if a woman grows weary and , at last , dies from childbearing , it matters not . "
Today , most Americans realize that women have the same ability as men to be successful , which was especially apparent in this year 's heated race between democratic candidates Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama .
( Clinton is not , in fact , the first woman to run for president :
That honor goes to Victoria Woodhull , who ran for president in 1872 . )
Presidential elections aside , last year proved to be a landmark year of " firsts " for women .
The House of Representatives had their first woman speaker , Nancy Pelosi of California , and for the first time a woman was chosen as the sole anchor of a network news show .
In addition , it was the first time a woman had ever served as president of Harvard University .
The achievements of women carries over into small businesses , as well : Women - owned businesses are the fastest growing sector in American business today .
According to the Center for Women 's Business Research , nearly 10.4 million firms are owned by women ( 50 percent or more ) , employing more than 12.8 million people and generating $ 1.9 trillion in sales .
Throughout history , women have been fortunate enough to have powerful role models to encourage them towards economic independence and help them with support and training .
For example , with less than $ 2 in savings , Madam C.J.
Walker set up a mail order business in 1906 to sell her own line of beauty and hair care products for African American women .
In the process , she became the first female self - accomplished millionaire , according to the Guinness Book of World Records .
Women have made significant progress in many other areas to the business world , especially when one considers the restrictions originally placed on them .
In the 18th century , women had no legal right to own property .
Also , women in the United States and Europe could neither vote nor hold elective office as late as the early 20th century .
When conducting business , all women had to have a male representative present , usually in the form of a father , brother , husband , or son .
As far as education was concerned , women had little or no access and were often times barred from most professions .
In the 16th century , Margaret Cavendish , Duchess of Newcastle , could complain that " women are not as educated as they should be ?…? their parents take more care of their feet than their head , more of their words than their reason . "
Much has changed since then .
Today , 32 percent of women in the United States between the ages of 25 and 29 have received a bachelor ’s degree or above , compared to 25 percent of men in the same age category .
In addition , the number of women who have received a bachelor 's degree has doubled since 1978 .
While a lot of things have changed in the workplace since the early days of the women 's movement , however , some things have stayed the same .
For instance , women still earn 77 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Still , everyday women are getting closer to breaking the glass ceiling and one day soon , we may see a world where our daughters will be paid the same salary as our sons .
In honor of Women 's History Month , America ’s Best is honoring four of the most inspirational women in the world of small business today .
From the formidable Susan Szymczak , who balks at being identified solely for her gender and instead prefers to be called a " capitalist , " to the young Kathryn Kerrigan , who has forged a successful business at the age of 27 , these women point to an equal , hopeful , and prosperous future .
As the only woman in the country to found , manage , and own a sling company , Sue Szymczak has to be tough .
On most days , you can find her in the warehouse of Safeway Sling dressed in overalls and a flannel shirt helping to produce synthetic lifting slings and tie - downs used to lift heavy machinery and equipment .
Szymczak , who was unable to go to college as she had to go to work right out of high school , credits her early experiences with giving her the street smarts needed to become successful in her industry .
Szymczak started Safeway Sling USA after receiving advice from a friend of her husband ’s who told her of the potential success of a good sling company .
Originally , Szymczak would sew each sling herself using two industrial sewing machines located in a dark basement office .
Today , instead of sewing all of the slings by herself , she now has a warehouse full of employees who do the sewing for her .
In addition , she now has a spacious office space in an industrial park located just outside of Milwaukee .
Szymczak prefers to keep her own office very neat and simple .
There are only two items hanging on her walls : a framed poster of the meaning of persistence and a bulletin board with photos of people who inspire her and the pets and children of her employees .
“ Honestly this is what I believe in : persistence , ” she said , indicating the poster .
“ You ’ll get thrown about and you have to be tough ; you have to keep on going back , and going back , and going back . ”
For example , Szymczak said it took her a little over four years to land a large account of hers .
“ Some people would have given up , but I was very determined , ” she said .
“ I knew I would save them money , and we ended up doing that .
We also gave them a better quality product .
” One thing that has never changed since the founding of her business is her dedication to her customers and her employees , even when it might mean harm to herself .
Szymczak said a favorite quote of hers that she tries to live her life by is “ There can be no courage unless you are scared , ” originally said by World War I fighting hero Eddie Rickenbacker .
“ One thing I tell people is that it ’s normal to be afraid , but never , ever let fear immobilize you , ” she said .
Some years back , after Szymczak spent a week waiting on a load of webbing for her slings from Consolidated Freightways due to a Teamsters strike in Milwaukee , she took the initiative to ensure that her slings would be delivered in time for her clients .
Szymczak herself rented a truck , drove to the terminal where the angry strikers were blocking all shipments , crossed over the picket line , and picked up her webbing .
Impressed by her bravery , the police helped to escort the truck out of the lot .
Szymczak found the ordeal very frightening but she refused to delay her orders and take the chance of having to lay off any of her employees .
“ Something that I think is critical in our country and in business across the board is that you need to see real leadership , ” Szymczak said .
“ There are some business owners who do n’t take the opportunity to lead by example .
” If you could put yourself in Kathryn Kerrigan ’s size 11 shoes , your feet would be very tired by the end of the day .
The 27 - year - old entrepreneur from Libertyville , Illinois has been on the move ever since coming up with a business plan for a niche market during her MBA studies at Loyola University .
A former college basketball player , she formed a test company around her lifelong frustration of being unable to find shoes for her feet that were n’t masculine in style .
While researching her project , Kerrigan learned that 35 percent of women wear above a size 9 shoe .
With all of the shoe factories stopping at a size 10 or 11 , they were just not keeping pace , according to Kerrigan .
After receiving her MBA , she found herself with a stack of student loan payments and no idea of how to pay them back .
Somewhat jokingly , her father suggested that she should try opening the shoe company that she had proposed in her project .
Not one to be discouraged , Kerrigan took him up on his challenge .
After producing a few prototypes and promoting her shoes in person , she at last landed contracts at a few prominent retailers and started out on her road to success .
In 2005 , she launched a website directing customers to stores where they could purchase her shoes .
The website has been a success , and she receives orders from as far away as England and Australia .
In addition , she opened a small shop in Libertyville where customers can check out her designs by appointment .
Every season she creates about 120 designs , and about 75 percent of those go into production .
Because they are made with high - quality leather and handcrafted in Italy and Spain , they carry a higher price tag .
“ This is n’t a Payless , ” Kerrigan says , laughing .
The shoes range in retail from $ 114 to just over $ 300 .
Much of her inspiration for these shoes comes from those worn by her late grandmother , who always had just the right pair of shoes for her outfits .
“ She would never go out of the house unless she was perfectly dressed , ” Kerrigan says .
In the two years since launching , Kerrigan has experienced tremendous success and will launch a line of separates and evening wear for tall women sometime this spring .
In addition , Kerrigan is researching the benefits of starting a casual line and attempting to land her shoes in larger retailers .
Last year , Kathryn Kerrigan , Inc. was named a finalist in the Best Young Entrepreneur category at the fourth annual Stevie Awards for Women in Business and was named one of Inc. magazine ’s 30 Under 30 .
As Kerrigan feels lucky that she has had so many great mentors and role models , she is dedicated to helping other young people to follow their dreams .
Kerrigan says that all aspiring entrepreneurs need to have great mentors they can count on .
“ I did n’t know much about the footwear industry , so I aligned myself with three or four core people that I could turn to on a whim and get free advice from , whether it was someone that had a great finance background within footwear or a manager of a footwear chain , ” she said .
“ You just need great people who can help keep you on track .
” As a Latina working in the sciences , Regina Munroe was used to overcoming stereotypes .
Before starting Inproma , a San Francisco - area promotional products company , Munroe received her master ’s degree in chemistry , a field rarely pursued by Latina women .
After working as a chemist for six years , however , she realized that she desired to do something more with her life .
While she was researching different business opportunities 11 years ago , Regina ’s future husband expressed a need to purchase some embroidered shirts .
Munroe decided that she would try to make them on her own .
Instead of spending their savings on a new car , Munroe bought a $ 30,000 embroidery machine and started making shirts in her garage , naming her business Stitch of Class .
Most of her early business came from corporations who wanted embroidered shirts and Munroe did them one at a time .
Using her networking skills , she contacted former coworkers at her previous employer and the company ended up becoming one of her largest clients .
As Stitch of Class grew by word of mouth , Munroe decided to expand into distributing promotional products .
In 2004 , she changed the name to Inproma to better reflect the product line that they offer .
Munroe said that she feels good about how much she has accomplished as a business owner .
“ I think my greatest accomplishment would be that I started a business from nothing , ” she said .
“ I picked every one of my clients .
” In 2005 , Munroe was one of 10 Latina business owners to be chosen for an Anna Maria Arias Memorial Business Fund Award .
The awards recognize Latinas with $ 5,000 cash grants for their service to their communities and innovations and success in business .
In addition to mentoring in the Las Hermanitas program and contributing to scholarship funds for Hispanic students , she is involved with the Northern California Supplier Development Council ( NCSDC ) , Northern California Business Marketing Association , and the Promotional Marketing Association of Northern California .
Munroe advises other aspiring business owners to keep in mind that the road to success wo n’t always be easy and fun .
“ Having a business is like having a baby , ” Munroe says .
“ You have to feed it so the baby crawls , then stands , and then begins to run .
” Although Glenda Allen worked for years in the corporate world , it was her mother ’s work in the janitorial field that decided where she would end up in the business world .
In 2001 , Allen decided to leave her sales career for entrepreneurship in order to spend more time with her family .
When Allen first started GA Janitorial Services , she had only one employee , herself , and she was n’t making any profit .
She now has over 70 employees and her revenues top a million dollars a year .
Allen was just researching the idea of starting a business when she attended her first Office Depot Success Strategies conference in 2002 in Boca Raton , Florida .
When she attended the same conference in 2006 , she was invited to share her story of success as a featured entrepreneur .
Allen is also planning to expand her janitorial business in the near future and merge it with a training and staffing agency .
Allen attributes much of her growth and success to the research that she did at the Jacksonville Regional Chamber of Commerce Small Business Center .
“ I started going there to do research and I found out what a lot of people running janitorial services were n’t doing , ” Allen said .
“ There were n’t a lot of them that got certified to do business with the state , which are the bigger government contracts . ”
Allen did quite a bit of subcontracting her first year and once she got certified , she started to bid on some jobs of her own .
Allen was nominated for the Jacksonville Small Business Leader of the Year in 2006 , Jacksonville Business Journal Mosaic Award , and twice she was awarded a contract by the National Football League to help with their NFL experience surrounding the Super Bowl .
Allen was also chosen as one of three women entrepreneurs to participate in the Jacksonville Women ’s Business Center ’s Athena PowerLink mentoring program .
Founded in 2006 , Athena connects business owners with a panel of six to eight unpaid advisors who work with them for one year to help them reach their business goals and objectives .
“ I think that it ’s going to take a lot more programs like this to encourage women to pursue opening their own business , ” Allen said .
“ The more women I speak to , the more I see so many of them want to do things and have dreams .
It ’s just unbelievable . ”
Apple Refuses to Publish Sustainability Report
January 12th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
We recently applauded Apple for its new energy efficient 17 ″ MacBook , but news that the company wants to stifle shareholder requests to publish a Corporate Sustainability Report has overshadowed our praise .
The shareholder resolution was proposed by an environmental group called As You Sow , and asks for detailed information about toxins , recycling , greenhouse gases , and more .
This past Wednesday , Apple ’s board of directors asked shareholders to vote against the resolution .
The most disturbing part ?
Al Gore is on the board .
The company claims , however , that “ an additional report would produce little added value while requiring unnecessary time and expense ” .
While that may be true , CSR reports are produced by over 2,700 companies , including Apple competitors Dell , IBM , and HP .
And if the company really has nothing to hide , producing such a report should n’t be an issue .
This is n’t the first time Apple has come under fire for its environmental practices — the company has previously been criticized by Greenpeace for withholding information about green policies .
Photo Credit : CC licensed by Flickr user kevinthoule
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Needless to say , it was an amazing experience .
After the jump , a few tidbits , including Prince 's promise of three albums in 2009 and his thoughts on Proposition 8 .
The next five hours took me from that room to a car Prince referred to as " Miles Davis , " where we listened to one set of songs ; into a back room furnished with a round bed , faux - fur carpeting and a plexiglass Rhodes piano , where he played cuts by his new protege , the comely Bria Valente ; and into that white limo , where the entirety of " Lotus Flower , " the album previewed earlier this month on Indie 103.1 , boomed through the speakers as we drove through Hollywood .
Tuesday morning , I received the Golden Ticket of journalistic invitations : a summons to Prince 's mansion , high atop Mulholland Drive , to hear the new music he 'll be releasing sometime after the holidays .
At 8 p.m. that evening , I drove my dirty Mazda past the fountain in his courtyard , parked by the limo in the back , and entered his manse .
The man himself greeted me in a candelit study , where he was laboring over a laptop with his Web designers , Anthony Malzone and Scott Addison Clay .
Prince will release not one , but three albums in the new year .
He 's in final negotiations with " a major retailer " to distribute the music in physical form , and a highly interactive website will also provide an opportunity to buy .
He 's not working with a record label .
" The gatekeepers have to change , " he said several times throughout the evening .
He 's found his way back to the sound of " When Doves Cry . "
The first disc , tentatively titled " MPLSOUND , " is an electro - flavored solo effort recorded at Paisley Park Studios .
Prince experimented with Pro Tools and " new ways of recording " on these trippy , experimental pop songs .
One features a Q - Tip rap ; another calls a " Funky Congregation " to worship and may become a live set piece .
He 's ready to revive the Quiet Storm .
" We got sick of waiting for Sade to make a new album , " he said , introducing Valente 's new album , " Elixir . "
The tracks are chill , with Valente 's buttery voice melding with beats by Morris Hayes and Prince 's guitar lines .
Some are explicitly sexual .
" This music is nasty , but it 's not dirty , " Prince said , explaining how sensual music fits in with his much - discussed faith -- he 's a Jehovah 's Witness .
" There 's no profanity .
It is n't promoting promiscuity .
She 's singing about her lover , who could be her partner for life . "
He loves his guitar .
As the tracks played on Indie 103.1 indicated , " Lotus Flower " is rooted in the instrument .
Prince said he refocused on his playing while performing live dates with the singer Tamar Davis in 2006 ; with the spotlight trained on someone else , he could fall back in love with solos and riffs .
" Lotus Flower " is a varied album , featuring cuts recorded over the course of two years , but standout tracks include some heavy rockers -- especially the apocalyptic " Dreamer , " which Prince said was partly inspired by the radical black comedian Dick Gregory .
He did not vote for Proposition 8 .
In fact , he did n't vote at all .
" I did n't vote for Obama either , " he explained .
" Jehovah 's Witnesses have n't voted for their whole inception . "
The controversy over a recent New Yorker " Talk of the Town " item , which Prince feels implied he supported the gay - marriage ban , has upset him .
It 's the first thing he wanted to discuss when the Web geeks had gone and we were alone .
" I have friends that are gay and we study the Bible together , " he said .
He added that two sides fighting " only benefit the third person " who instigated the fight .
Read more about my night with Prince in the Jan. 11 Sunday Calendar .
-- Ann Powers
Photo of Prince at Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival in 2008 by Spencer Weiner / Los Angeles Times
BARCELONA ( Reuters ) - Internet calling company Skype has secured a deal with Nokia under which the world 's biggest phone maker will preload
Skype software into some of its new smartphones starting from the third quarter of this year .
Skype , whose technology has allowed legions of consumers to make practically free long - distance calls over the Internet on fixed lines , has been moving into the mobile arena with deals with operators such as Hutchison Whampoa 's 3 .
" We believe that mobile is incredibly important to our future , " Skype Chief Executive Josh Silverman told Reuters in an interview at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona , the industry 's biggest gathering .
He said Nokia would install Skype in its high - end N - series phones , starting with the N - 97 .
" The Nokia announcement is really a major milestone .
When we partner with manufacturers we are able to deliver a superior experience , " Silverman said .
Skype software is also available to download onto mobile phones after they have been bought , but is then less integrated into features like address books , making it less convenient .
Most mobile operators are wary of Skype , fearing they will lose revenue through consumers paying little or nothing for calls , but Silverman said 3 had actually seen its average revenue rise by 20 percent for consumers using Skype phones .
He said subscribers were encouraged to use their phones more by flat - rate data plans – boosting usage of 3's other services – and that customer loyalty increased .
Skype also has deals with other operators but 3 is its most successful .
Silverman said more than 300 million minutes ' worth of Skype to Skype mobile calls had been made so far , with current rates at about 1 million minutes per day .
Skype had 405 million registered users in total at the end of last year .
Skype was bought by online marketplace eBay for $ 4.3 billion in 2005 with the intention of bolstering its PayPal online payments service but it took a $ 1.4 billion writedown in 2007 and there have been media reports that eBay may sell Skype .
Silverman declined to comment on the speculation .
" EBay is very supportive .
We are very happy with the support we get , " he said .
" I spend 100 percent of my time building the world 's best communications company . "
( Editing by Hans Peters )
See Also :
Easy LAN and VPN file sharing with P300
Have you ever felt like an idiot because you could n't manage to transfer files from one computer to another within your local network ?
I know I have .
It sounds like an easy task at first , but then one of them is a PC and one is a Mac .
Or you do n't have the administrator privileges to share data on one of the machines .
Or Windows is just having a bad day .
The LAN file sharing application P300 can help you with any of those problems , and many others as well .
It 's local file sharing on steroids , complete with search , a Web interface and local chat .
P300 is a Java - based , so it runs on Windows , OS X and Linux .
It operates as a stand - alone app without the need to install anything on your local machine .
You can even start it as a JavaWebStart process straight from your browser .
P300 automatically finds new hosts on your local network via UDP , but you can also always add individual hosts via their local IP address .
Do n't want to share your files with everyone in your office ?
No worries , P300 also makes it possible to selectively allow or deny access to certain hosts .
P300 's interface is admittedly a little bit minimalistic : Upon starting the client for the first time , all you get to see is an empty host list and two buttons , one of which promises access to P300 's configuration .
The other button fires up a browser to access the P300 web interface .
The fact that P300 has so many different interfaces makes it a little confusing ( did I mention you can also use WebDAV for accessing files through your Finder or Windows explorer ? ) , but it also offers you different tools for different use cases .
I tend to use the web interface if I 'm looking for a specific file somewhere , but switch to the client UI for downloading entire folders .
Configuring P300 works best with the web UI , network - wide search on the other hand is something the client itself is better at .
Speaking of search :
This is definitely a feature that makes P300 a must - have .
Want to know if one of your buddies on your local dorm network shares a certain song ?
Just search the entire network in the matter of no time .
Looking for something more specific ?
No problem , you can also restrict your search to a certain host .
The chat is an added bonus that I do n't really need , but it could come handy in an office or campus LAN type of setting .
I 'm much more intrigued by another feature that the P300 author has been hinting at for a while : Secure , Jabber - based Internet - wide file sharing .
That 's admittedly not a new idea .
In fact , Limewire is supporting this very function with its new version .
But P300 is very lightweight , and it could even become something like the uTorrent of personal file sharing if this is done well .
Almost half of Canadians say they are going without fresh , healthy food because it is too expensive , according to the results of a national study released Monday by the Heart and Stroke Foundation .
The survey found 47 per cent of Canadians do n’t buy fresh fruit , vegetables , dairy and whole grain products , lean meat or fish because of the cost .
But the foundation ’s annual report on Canadians ’ health also revealed what it called “ startling discrepancies ” in the cost and availability of basic healthy food not only from province to province , but from city to city within the same province .
“ In St. Catharines , peanut butter was $ 7 , but just down the road in Kitchener it was $ 4 , so practically half the price and it ’s the same brand of peanut brand , same grocery chain , same size .
It ’s an inexplicable almost doubling of the price , ” foundation spokesman Marco di Buono , said of the results from the two Ontario cities .
The report , based on information compiled by volunteer shoppers , found the cost of six apples ranged from $ 1.71 in Edmonton to $ 5.02 in Calgary .
While transportation costs could account for some of the price differences in some parts of the country , “ the reality is it ’s unlikely that Calgary has higher transportation costs and demands than a place like Edmonton , ” di Buono said .
“ But before we pass any judgment , we would invite the manufacturers and retailers to help explain to Canadians why they see these price variations in such basic healthy foods , ” di Buono said .
An Alberta retailer said a number of variables could account for the price differences .
“ Different kinds of apples , different promotions , ” could account for the varying prices , said Connie Guo , the assistant manager at a Safeway store in Calgary .
“ February is apple month , so this week we are selling a 10 - pound bag of Red Delicious apples for $ 4.99 , which is a very good deal . ”
She said those specials should be consistent throughout southern Alberta .
“ We never want to see people making choices of less nutritious over nutritious because they have no choice based on cost , ” said the executive director of the Ottawa Food Bank , Peter Tilley .
He said a comparison of the most recent consumer price index over last year showed “ startling ” price increases in food basics .
“ Clearly we can see an increase in the price of quality items , especially what struck us , was fresh fruits and vegetables . . .
I imagine people are having a tougher time making healthy choices . ”
“ To be perfectly honest , I ’m stunned to think that price differentials like that exist , ” said the president of the Consumers Association of Canada , Bruce Cran .
“ When you ’re talking about cities like Edmonton and Calgary with huge differences in price like that , it does n’t make sense at all . ”
Last October , the Heart and Stroke Foundation had volunteer shoppers in 66 communities across Canada purchase a list of healthy foods for a family of four for one week .
Di Buono said the volunteers for this first - ever “ national shop ” were asked to follow specific instructions “ so that we could minimize as many confounding factors as possible .
They were given a list of leading national brands , they were told exactly what sizes and what formats to purchase , and to shop only in leading national retailers , ” that were not considered discount stores .
' Roll up for the great pollution fire sale , the ultimate chance to wreck the climate on the cheap .
You sir , over there , from the power company - look at this lovely tonne of freshly made , sulphur - rich carbon dioxide .
Last summer it cost an eyewatering € 31 to throw up your smokestack , but in our give - away global recession sale , that 's been slashed to a crazy € 8.20 .
Dump plans for the wind turbine !
Compare our offer with costly solar energy !
At this low , low price you can't afford not to burn coal ! "
Set up to price pollution out of existence , carbon trading is pricing it back in .
Europe 's carbon markets are in collapse .
Yet the hiss of escaping gas is almost inaudible .
There 's no big news headline , nothing sensational for TV viewers to watch ; no queues outside banks or missing Texan showmen .
You can't see or hear a market for a pollutant tumble .
But at stake is what was supposed to be a central lever in the world 's effort to turn back climate change .
Intended to price fossil fuels out of the market , the system is instead turning them into the rational economic choice .
That there exists something called carbon trading is about all that most people know .
A few know , too , that Europe has created carbon exchanges , and traders who buy and sell .
Few but the professionals , however , know that this market is now failing in its purpose : to edge up the cost of emitting CO2 .
The theory sounded fine in the boom years , back when Nicholas Stern described climate change as " the biggest market failure in history " - a market failure to which carbon trading was meant to be a market solution .
Instead , it 's bolstering the business case for fossil fuels .
Understanding why is easy .
A year ago European governments allocated a limited number of carbon emission permits to their big polluters .
Businesses that reduce pollution are allowed to sell spare permits to ones that need more .
As demand outstrips this capped supply , and the price of permits rises , an incentive grows to invest in green energy .
Why buy costly permits to keep a coal plant running when you can put the cash into clean power instead ?
All this only works as the carbon price lifts .
As with 1924 Château Lafite or Damian Hirst 's diamond skulls , scarcity and speculation create the value .
If permits are cheap , and everyone has lots , the green incentive crashes into reverse .
As recession slashes output , companies pile up permits they do n't need and sell them on .
The price falls , and anyone who wants to pollute can afford to do so .
The result is a system that does nothing at all for climate change but a lot for the bottom lines of mega- polluters such as the steelmaker Corus : industrial assistance in camouflage .
" I do n't know why industrials would miss this opportunity , " said one trader last week .
" They are using it to compensate for the tightening of credit and the slowdown , to pay for redundancies . "
A lot of the blame lies with governments that signed up to carbon trading as a neat idea , but then indulged polluters with luxurious quantities of permits .
The excuse was that growth would soon see them bumping against the ceiling .
Instead , exchanges are in meltdown : a tonne of carbon has dropped to about € 8 , down from last year 's summer peak of € 31 and far below the € 30 - €45 range at which renewables can compete with fossil fuels .
The lesson of the carbon slump , like the credit crunch , is that markets can be a conduit , but not a substitute , for political will .
They only work when properly primed and regulated .
Europe hoped that the mere creation of a carbon market would drive everyone away from fossil fuels .
It forgot that demand had to outstrip supply , and that if growth stops , demand drops too .
There is not much time to rescue the system .
Carbon trading remains at the heart of the international response to climate change .
Obama backs what Americans call cap and trade .
Australia wants to try the same thing .
It should be at the heart of a deal at the Copenhagen summit this winter .
But both are hesitating , given Europe 's mess .
The market must be unashamedly rigged to force supply below demand .
The obvious way would be to cut the number of permits in circulation , but in a recession no government will be brave enough to do that .
And private initiatives such as Sandbag , which encourages individuals to buy and lock away permits , can exert little pressure on price in a market awash with them .
Europe can choke off tomorrow 's supply , however , without hitting business today .
First the EU must stop importing permits from countries such as Russia - a bonus for a paper transaction .
No one really believes that 15 m tonnes of imported permits will not still be emitted by a steelworks somewhere east of Novosibirsk .
Second , it must publish plans to crack down on the surplus of permits when the recession is over .
Warnings of famine ahead , when the scheme enters its third stage in 2012 , would raise prices now , if believed .
Like medieval pardoners handing out unlimited indulgences , governments have created a glut .
Reformation must follow .
Wanted - a modern Martin Luther to nail a shaming truth to industry 's door : Europe 's whizz - bang carbon market is turning sub -prime .
julian.glover@theguardian.com
As many as 2.4 million Americans have schizophrenia so a late or incorrect diagnosis and the lack of effective treatment options can destroy a sufferer 's quality of life .
Schizophrenia usually emerges between the ages of 18 and 30 but diagnosis before the disease manifests itself could be the key to developing more successful treatments , says Prof.
Talma Hendler , of Tel Aviv University 's Department of Psychology .
Until now , detecting mental illness before symptoms appear has been nearly impossible .
Building on her groundbreaking work on facial recognition and brain imaging , Prof .
Hendler is hoping to make early diagnosis a reality by identifying the physical markers of mental illness — particularly schizophrenia — inside the brain .
Samples of the " disturbed " and normal faces used in Prof.
Hendler 's research to diagnose disease .
Credit : AFTAUFor years , the mechanism behind the abnormal social behavior that characterizes many schizophrenic patients has been a mystery .
To study the physical manifestation of schizophrenia , Prof .
Hendler used brain imaging to illustrate differences between the brain activity of schizophrenic patients and healthy adults .
Her work is part of the Functional Human Brain Mapping project at Tel Aviv University , Prof .
Hendler 's findings , published recently in the journal Human Brain Mapping , showed that when presented with photographs of emotional faces with " bizarre " characteristics , the brains of schizophrenic patients were much less reactive than established norms .
In her previous research published in the journal Neuron , when shown a bizarre " funny face " , healthy minds respond with selective activity within the brain , sounding the alarm that there is something disturbing about the image .
Prof Hendler then posited that although this selective response is found in visual areas , it has distributed effects in the brain ; " The visual areas of the brain are highly connected to other areas , including the prefrontal cortex and the amygdala , but in schizophrenic patients , there is a diminished connection between the various parts , leading to disturbed integration of information — and thus to distorted experiences , " she says .
" Recognizing facial emotions is a very early process , so young children could be screened for a predisposition to mental disease by measuring their brain connectivity while detecting emotional cues , " Prof .
Hendler explains .
An objective early marker of the disease would be especially useful for those already considered high risk , such as children with an immediate family member with the disease .
With early diagnosis to guide individually tailored treatment , it may be possible to reduce the effect of the disease and , in some cases , even prevent its outbreak .
By identifying the physical characteristics of a mental disorder , Prof .
Hendler is also paving the way for new types of treatment .
" Current drugs treat the abnormal behavior , not the brain disorder that is causing the behavior , " she says , " We want to be able to develop more specific treatments based on objective brain markers , which are the actual characteristics of the disease .
" Prof .
Hendler 's work has been published in leading journals in the field of cognitive neuroscience such as the Journal of Neuroscience and the Journal of Cognitive Neuroscience Neuroimage and Neuron .
She is currently also working on using brain imaging to characterize and identify predispositions for post - traumatic stress disorder in soldiers .
Future work with " funny faces " will also look at basic human emotions such as shame , envy and guilt .
Having a neural marker for these emotions might give clinicians an early - detection tool to spot abnormalities in social interactions .
Problems in socializing are a hallmark of schizophrenia .
Four miles south of the Arctic Circle , the morning sky is streaked with apricot .
Frozen rivers split the tundra of the Seward Peninsula , coiling into vast lakes .
And on a silent , wind - whipped pond , a lone figure , sweating and panting , shovels snow off the ice .
The young woman with curly reddish hair stops , scribbles data , snaps a photo , grabs a heavy metal pick and stabs at white orbs in the thick black ice .
“ Every time I see bubbles , I have the same feeling , ” says Katey Walter , a University of Alaska researcher .
“ They are amazing and beautiful . ”
Beautiful , yes .
But ominous .
When her pick breaks through the surface , the orbs burst with a low gurgle , spewing methane , a potent greenhouse gas that could accelerate the pace of climate change across the globe .
International experts are alarmed .
“ Methane release due to thawing permafrost in the Arctic is a global warming wild card , ” warned a report by the United Nations Environment Programme last year .
Large amounts entering the atmosphere , it concluded , could lead to “ abrupt changes in the climate that would likely be irreversible . ”
Methane ( CH 4 ) has at least 20 times the heat - trapping effect of an equivalent amount of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) .
As warmer air thaws Arctic soils , as much as 55 billion metric tons of methane could be released from beneath Siberian lakes alone , according to Walter ’s research .
That would amount to 10 times the amount currently in the atmosphere .
At 32 , Walter , an aquatic ecologist , is a rising star among the thousands of scientists who are struggling to map , measure and predict climate change .
Parts of her doctoral dissertation on Siberian lakes were published in three prestigious journals in 2007 : Science , Nature and Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society .
According to one of her studies , methane emissions from Arctic lakes were a major contributor to a period of global warming more than 11,000 years ago .
“ It happened on a large scale in the past , and it could happen on a large scale in the future , ” says Walter , who refers to potential methane emissions as “ a time bomb . ”
Methane levels in the atmosphere have tripled since preindustrial times .
Human activities , including rice cultivation , cattle raising , and coal mining , account for about 70 % of releases , according to recent studies .
Natural sources , from tropical wetlands to termites , make up the rest .
But those estimates had not incorporated the bubbles Walter was probing on an autumn morning on the Seward Peninsula .
That gurgling gas could change the entire model for predicting global warming .
And lakes are not the only methane source :
Newly discovered seeps -- places where methane leaks to the surface -- from the shallow waters of Siberia ’s vast continental shelf are also likely to upset previous assumptions .
Walter ’s work “ has gotten a lot of attention , ” said John E. Walsh , chief scientist of the International Arctic Research Center in Fairbanks .
“ She found direct evidence of methane releases in high - latitude lakes .
That was not fully realized before . ”
In a field where the science often seems opaque , Walter ’s research has a flashy side .
She enjoys igniting methane seeps with a cigarette lighter , leaping away as the gas flares as high as 20 feet .
“ It ’s fun , ” she says .
“ And it is informative . ”
Videos of the stunts have swept through the Internet , rare visual evidence of possible danger ahead .
At a recent Senate hearing , Al Gore played a clip of her lighting a methane seep .
The BBC , the Discovery Channel and the History Channel have featured her in documentaries .
But the complex science of Arctic methane is only beginning to be understood .
In the desolate wilderness of the Bering Land Bridge National Preserve , a sense of urgency is palpable among Walter and three fellow researchers , hunkered down in neon - orange tents .
An occasional helicopter ferries supplies from Nome , the closest town , soaring over scattered herds of caribou .
A red fox scampers through the brush .
Across a snowfield , bear tracks recede into the distance , a reminder that field science is n’t for sissies .
“ Can you shoot a gun ? ” Walter asks a visitor , as she heads out to one of 20 lakes she is surveying .
When the answer is noncommittal , she hands over bear spray and instructs : “ Do n’t use it until the bear is right up close , facing you . ”
Nowhere is the evidence of a heating planet more dramatic than in the polar regions .
Over the last 50 years , the Arctic has warmed twice as fast as the rest of the globe .
Last summer , for the first time in recorded history , the North Pole could be circumnavigated .
Ice sheets on Greenland and West Antarctica are melting rapidly .
Polar bears and emperor penguins are threatened with extinction .
Even as glaciers and sea ice have captured the most headlines , growing concern is now focused on the transformation of permafrost -- soils that are frozen year - round .
Today , 20 % of Earth ’s land surface is locked up in a deep freeze .
But scientists predict that air temperature in the Arctic is likely to rise as much as 6 degrees Celsius ( 10.8 degrees Fahrenheit ) by the end of the century .
That is expected to boost the emission of carbon compounds from soils .
The upper 3 meters ( about 10 feet ) of permafrost store 1.7 trillion metric tons of carbon , more than double the amount in the atmosphere today , according to a recent study in the journal Bioscience .
“ We are seeing thawing down to 5 meters , ” says geophysicist Vladimir Romanovsky of the University of Alaska .
“ A third to a half of permafrost is already within a degree to a degree and a half [ Celsius ] of thawing . ”
If only 1 % of permafrost carbon were to be released each year , that could double the globe ’s current annual carbon emissions , Romanovsky notes .
“ We are at a tipping point for positive feedback , ” he warns , referring to a process where warming spurs emissions , which in turn generate more heat , in an uncontrollable cycle .
Walter ’s work is crucial , according to Romanovsky and others , because global warming hinges partly on the ratio of how much carbon is released as CO 2 vs. how much as methane , a molecule that contains both carbon and hydrogen .
Methane , although a far more potent greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide , breaks down more quickly .
But when it does , it oxidizes into a carbon dioxide molecule , which can last more than a century in the atmosphere .
Out on the lake , Walter explains :
When organic matter ( dead plants and animals ) rots in the ground , it gives off carbon dioxide .
Much of the organic material of thawed permafrost is expected to release carbon dioxide .
But as ice inside permafrost melts , small sinkholes open in the ground and fill with water , joining together to form millions of ponds and lakes .
Organic matter slips from eroding shorelines to lake bottoms , where microbes feed on it .
Because lake bottoms are oxygen - free , the microbes generate methane in addition to carbon dioxide -- as in the burping La Brea tar pits .
“ These lakes are getting bigger -- in some places by a meter a year , ” Walter says , scooping out slush from the hole she has punched through 6 inches of ice .
Into the seep , she inserts a plastic umbrellalike contraption fitted with a bottle to collect gas and a suspended brick to hold it straight .
Before Walter perfected the methane trap , when she was a graduate student in Siberia , she would swim in near - freezing water , dodging leeches and muskrats .
Once she caught pneumonia .
Another time , her hair caught on fire as she ignited a methane seep .
On the Seward Peninsula trip , she hikes up to eight miles a day from lake to lake through snowdrifts .
Her hip is black and blue from a fall through the ice .
“ Methane is hard work , ” she says with a smile .
At each seep , Walter places a small red flag so her colleagues can find the bubbles .
Lawrence Plug , a geophysicist from Dalhousie University in Halifax , Nova Scotia ; Guido Grosse , a German geologist ; and Benjamin M. Jones , a U.S. Geological Survey researcher , help shovel off the ice in straight - line paths , take notes on the size of each bubble group , record the location with global positioning system devices , and measure the depth of the lakes .
In the evening , in a cramped cook tent , jars of peanut butter and Nutella sit amid satellite data maps and a textbook on “ Applied Linear Statistical Models . ”
Frosted hats and mittens drip from a clothesline .
Jones cooks up a batch of hamburger as Walter labels methane bottles with a marker and enters data into her laptop .
Over the next two years , the researchers , funded by the National Science Foundation and NASA , will move between Siberia and Alaska .
They will drill permafrost cores , map seeps and analyze data to produce a model of how methane from Arctic lakes might affect Earth ’s future climate .
“ By figuring out how quickly permafrost thawed in the past , we can test our models to predict how fast it could thaw in the next 100 years , ” says Plug , who will make the complex calculations .
“ If the temperature warms a couple of degrees Celsius , the lakes could expand at two or three times their current rate . ”
Elsewhere , scientists cast a wary eye toward clouds of methane bubbles roiling the waters of the Siberian continental shelf .
Those emissions , possibly from sub - surface permafrost , are even harder to measure than lake emissions .
Meanwhile , researchers are debating the possibility of eventual seeps from methane hydrates -- icy formations beneath the continental shelves and the ocean bottom , and far below land - based permafrost .
Walsh , at the International Arctic Research Center , emphasizes the “ huge range of uncertainty ” as to how much climate change methane emissions could trigger .
“ The potential is there for large releases .
But there is also a risk of alarmism . ”
To many Alaskans , it is hardly news that permafrost is thawing : Across the state , houses have been collapsing and trees tipping over .
Researchers estimate that repairing affected schools , roads and bridges will cost up to $ 6 billion over the next two decades .
But the global implications have yet to sink in .
Out on the wild frontier of climate research , far from the legislatures and the diplomatic gatherings where climate policy is debated , Katey Walter and her colleagues focus on what they call “ ground truthing . ”
And beyond that laborious data - gathering , Walter has a mission : to spread the word about what is happening .
At the beginning of her field trip , she stops in Nome and leads a group of fifth - graders , many from Alaska Native tribes , out to poke holes in the ice of a nearby lake and light methane flares .
She talks to them about people who live in faraway cities , driving automobiles and working in industries that emit carbon dioxide .
And how that causes warming that is felt in the Arctic .
And why , even though there are so few people in Alaska , the ice around them is melting .
“ That ’s what we ’re studying , ” she explains .
“ It ’s all related . ”
margot.roosevelt@latimes.com
Its seems like the desktop and office style websites have been a popular design idea for a few years now .
While many of these design share some of the same elements , it is always interested to see the random extras and nic-nacs that people add to them .
What is even more interesting about this style is how it has crossed over to many other genres of business aside from designers .
You will notice that we included a few websites from other industries that follow the same basic idea of the desktop design .
Blueprint Ads
Narf Stuff
Totally Her
ABI Blog
1080 Snowboard Company
Doodle Freenzy
UAE Abandoned
Chris Likes to Draw
Aleksander Antonov
Restaurant Nuevo Aurich –
Ok , so it ’s not an office per say , but it still looks tasty and follows the same idea .
I could make this my office !
Dan Whittiker Creative
Mitexel
Respiro Media
Rx Monsters –
Not everyone ’s desk looks the same !
Simple Art
iSpoil
Jake Boyles
John Joubert
Opelika Daily News
The Piss Biscuit
Camila Colaneri
DPI Vision
New Zealand Travel Blog
Avrind Andrion
Ciao Cimba – Such a crafty little desk .
Visit Delaware
The Cook Blog
No Copy Cat
Revota
Keanetix
What do you think it is that makes this sort of design so popular ?
Share your thoughts with us in the comments below .
If you think you 're being watched , you 're probably right .
The American Civil Liberties Union posted a website Monday showing that government - financed surveillance cameras are running rampant across the United States .
All the while , studies suggest they do nothing to cut down on violent crime .
San Francisco , for example , has spent $ 700,000 for dozens of public cameras , but a University of California study ( .pdf , 187 pages ) just concluded there was " no evidence " they curtailed violent crime .
" Violent incidents do not decline in areas near the cameras relative to areas further away , " added the study , which noted the cameras helped police bring charges against six people accused of felony property crimes .
" We observe no decline in violent crimes occurring in public places . "
But the report did show that , over the past two years , property crimes such as burglary and muggings dropped an estimated 24 percent in areas within 100 feet of San Francisco camera locations .
The ACLU 's website , " You Are Being Watched , " shows a map of the 50 U.S. states with links to news accounts about where surveillance cameras are in each state .
The federal government has given state and local governments $ 300 million in grants to fund an ever - growing array of cameras .
Barry Steinhardt , director of the ACLU 's Technology and Liberty
Program , said in a telephone interview that , while the cameras have helped nab suspects , he believes they provide a false sense of security .
" It 's the illusion of security ... public authorities like to give the impression they are doing something about crime and terrorism , "
Steinhardt said .
He said it is impossible to quantify exactly how many government - backed surveillance cameras are in the public right of way , but they are in virtually every U.S. state .
Two questions posed on the ACLU site ask : " Do we want a society where an innocent individual can't walk down the street without being considered a potential criminal ? " and " Do we want a society where people are comfortable with constant surveillance ? "
See Also :
According to a study last year by William M. Landes , who teaches law and economics at the University of Chicago , and Judge Richard A. Posner of the federal appeals court there , four of the five most conservative justices to serve on the court since 1937 , of a total of 43 , are on the court right now : Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. The fifth was Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist , whom Chief Justice Roberts replaced in 2005 .
The study took into account the votes in divided cases on ideologically charged issues like criminal procedure , civil rights and the First Amendment .
Justice Thomas , the most conservative justice in the study , voted for the conservative position in those cases 82 percent of the time .
Justice Marshall , the only other African - American to serve on the court , was by this measure the most liberal , voting for the conservative side 21 percent of the time .
The study also reinforced Justice Stevens ’s caveat , counting Justice Ginsburg as more liberal than the justice she replaced , Justice Byron R. White .
But Justice Ginsburg , whom the study identifies as the most liberal current justice , barely makes the Top 10 in the full tally .
The Roberts court is , then , conservative by the standards of recent history .
But is it conservative in some absolute sense ?
“ It is fair to say that the Supreme Court both now and historically has been to the left of the American public , ” said Nathaniel Persily , a law professor at Columbia and an editor of “ Public Opinion and Constitutional Controversy ” ( Oxford , 2008 ) .
“ On school prayer , for instance , the Supreme Court is far to the left of the American public , ” Professor Persily said , referring to decisions saying that officials may not organize , lead or endorse prayer or devotional Bible reading in the public schools .
“ On racial issues , it ’s pretty clear from the Michigan cases that the Supreme Court is out of step with the American public , ” Professor Persily said of the pair of 2003 decisions allowing public universities to consider race in admissions decisions .
( In a 2007 decision , the Roberts court leaned the other way , forbidding public school systems from explicitly taking race into account to achieve or maintain integration . )
Witchcraft Growing Faster Than Religion 's Big Three By By Carol Forsloff Feb 18 , 2009 in World While Jews , Muslims and Christians fight among themselves , one religion has darted in front of all the others to become the America 's fastest growing faith .
Several years ago a news posting in Australia described the growth of Wicca in that country .
One adherent , a nurse named Lilith said in an article about Wicca is an official , legal religion in America , One group
We are a self funded ministry dedicated to spreading the truth of God ’s Word .
We believe and teach the same things that were taught by Jesus , as well as what Paul and the Apostles taught to the early Church .
We wholly believe in the Bible as our only source of doctrine and recognize that all scripture is totally inspired by God and so fully trustworthy , including the acknowledgement that there was a literal six day creation plus one extra day for rest and Holy use giving us the seven day week we have today .
We have also discovered that once you know the keys to unlock the prophecies of the Bible , they actually can be understood and without private interpretation .
Jesus said blessed is he that reads and understands them .
( Revelation 1:1-3 ) This " self - funded ministry " is associated with Steve Wohlberg , author of " The Hour of the Witch . "
The group has a web - based donation section that states :
Divine guidance has resulted in almost every major topic on the first page of Google but because of the massive impact this is having , the Satanic attacks have this family struggling without a wife and mother that we love and miss so dearly and insufficient income .
This is also due to an undiagnosed illness that had me bed ridden for months with a 25 KG weight loss and has currently lasted 19 months .
This ministry has over 120 domain names with a total yearly count of nearly 1,000,000 visits and costs are now thousands of dollars per annum .
We desperately require prayer and funds to survive to keep this family together and ministry afloat .
Any assistance is greatly appreciated to keep this ministry spreading truth to the world .
Thank you for your prayers and support .
Total donated this week : $ 177.00 .
The Methodist Church , rather than witch - bashing , The religion of the witch trials becomes religion of the future with the membership exploding , according to experts .
This is bringing consternation to believers in the Big Three of faith .
One expert claims that the number of Wiccan experts is doubling every 30 months .
A recent book entitled " Generation Hex " by author Marla Alupoaicei declares that it will be the third largest religion of faith by the year 2012 .
This explosion of membership in Wicca has come about because of social estrangement , loneliness and the need to belong according to Dillon Burroughs co-author of the book .
Although the West Coast and Salem , Massachussets is experiencing the most rapid growth , groups can be found all over the country , including the South and Mountain states .
Several years ago a news posting in Australia described the growth of Wicca in that country .
One adherent , a nurse named Lilith said in an article about witchcraft in Australia that it is all about " celebrating diversity .
Everything is beautiful in its own way .
"
Not only is the religion growing it also has different divisions within it , just like the Big Three religions of Judaism , Christianity and Islam .
There are those who are more or less orthodox in their beliefs as well .
Wicca is an official , legal religion in America , Whistleblower Magazine reports .
Some consider Wiccan a spiritual rebellion that has been going on since the 1960's and has as its members housewives , students , professors , and even soldiers ,
It is considered part of the social and political rebellion that has gone for more than 40 years , although it is an ancient set of rituals and practices dating before Christ , people say .
One group is devoting itself as much as anyone in Judaism , Christianity or Islam to revealing withcraft practices and has hopped on this bandwagon in an effort to be educate people about the risks of this advancing movement .
This " self - funded ministry " is associated with Steve Wohlberg , author of " The Hour of the Witch . "
The group has a web - based donation section that states :
The Methodist Church , rather than witch - bashing , takes a practical view .
Noting that Methodism is declining in membership it suggests that because many Wicca adherents tend to be attracted to it because of interest in the supernatural and a sense of estrangement , that perhaps mainstream faiths need to look at those attractions and bring tighter and better relationships , reaching out to strangers and making people feel welcome .
Wicca was one of the groups recently represented in Shreveport , Louisiana at the World Religion Day .
In an age where inclusion means almost everything , it appears that the witches are here to stay .
More about Christian , Witches , Religion More news from christian witches religion
JERUSALEM , Feb 1 ( Reuters ) - Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert threatened on Sunday a " disproportionate response " to the continued firing of rockets into Israel from the Hamas - ruled Gaza Strip .
There have been sporadic rocket attacks by militants on southern Israeli communities and several Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip since a truce came into effect on Jan. 18 following a 22 - day Israeli offensive in the territory .
At least two rockets struck southern Israel on Sunday , causing no damage or casualties .
A wing of al - Aqsa Martyrs Brigades , a group belonging to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas 's Fatah faction , claimed responsibility .
" The government 's position was from the outset that if there is shooting at the residents of the south , there will be a harsh Israeli response that will be disproportionate , " Olmert said at the weekly cabinet meeting after the latest rocket salvo .
" We will act according to new rules which will ensure that we will not be drawn into a war of incessant shooting on the southern border , which would deprive the residents of the south of a normal life , " he said , without elaborating .
Israel was criticised for the deaths , according to the Hamas - run Health Ministry in Gaza , of more than 1,300 Palestinians , including at least 700 civilians , during the war .
Critics said Israel had responded disproportionately , in its air and ground offensive in heavily populated areas , to cross - border rocket attacks over the previous eight years that killed 18 people .
Israel said Hamas militants bore responsibility for civilian deaths in Gaza by operating inside its towns and refugee camps .
During the Gaza campaign , 10 Israeli soldiers and three civilians were killed .
TOUGH TALK
Olmert 's comments were echoed by Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , a candidate for prime minister in Israel 's Feb. 10 election .
Olmert , who quit in a corruption scandal in September but stayed on as caretaker prime minister , is not running .
" Israel will respond , " said Livni , who replaced Olmert as head of the ruling , centrist Kadima party .
" This is my position .
It was clear before , during and after the operation , and this is how I will conduct myself as prime minister . "
Opinion polls in the final stretch of an election campaign dominated by security issues and promises by candidates to keep Hamas at bay , suggest the right - wing Likud party of former Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will win the most votes .
Defence Minister Ehud Barak , whose Labour Party is running in fourth place in some polls behind Likud , Kadima and the ultranationalist Yisrael Beitenu party , said Israel would respond " in the proper manner " to attacks from the Gaza Strip .
" And I say this to us all : act judiciously and responsibly at this time .
This is , after all , an election season , " Barak said in broadcast remarks at the cabinet session .
" We are seeing a procession of chitchat from people -- some of whom never held a weapon in their hand , never made a real decision , and are now vying for headlines without understanding the conditions , the methods , the factors , the manner in which action should be taken , " said Barak , a former general .
( Additional reporting by Dan Williams , Editing by Elizabeth Piper )
Apple 's new iWork.com service lifts one of the biggest obstacles facing its iWork office productivity suite by making it easier for iWork users to collaborate with others using Windows PC and Microsoft Office .
Here 's a first look at how the service works and what it does .
What is iWork.com ?
Apple 's new service is already getting compared to Google Docs , but iWork.com is n't currently a similar offering .
Google 's online office programs are positioned as a web alternative to using desktop apps ( specifically Microsoft Office ) , much the same way Gmail competes with Microsoft Outlook as an email solution .
As a web application , Google 's offerings are handicapped by the limitations of the web ; given a great desktop email client , nobody would choose to use webmail instead .
However , web apps can provide access to documents and messages from any system and any platform , even a public computer .
It 's often either impractical or impossible to set up standard email from a public terminal , but you can usually always check your email from an online web app such as Gmail .
Google 's
Docs hopes to make office productivity apps just as ubiquitous as webmail , and the company is working to make the browser a better environment for running sophisticated web apps .
Web browsers are getting faster and the development tools to create web apps are improving to the point where online applications can serve as fair substitutes for native desktop apps .
Google 's WebKit - based Chrome browser and its V8 JavaScript engine are part of that strategy .
While Apple is also working along the same lines , with its own JavaScript acceleration efforts in Squirrel Fish Extreme and in improvements to Safari and WebKit , it does n't share Google 's position as a web - centric company .
Apple sells its own desktop OS and apps , so it views the web , as Microsoft does , as an auxiliary platform , not its primary one .
That helps to explain why iWork.com is n't currently trying to replace Google Docs .
Apple does n't need people to subscribe to a web service , it can sell them iWork desktop apps .
For Apple , online services are a way to enhance its desktop apps rather than to replace them .
MobileMe enhances Mac OS X's Mail , Contacts , and Address Book by making their data available online and to mobile devices , or at least the iPhone and iPod touch .
The new iWork.com does the same thing for Keynote , Pages , and Numbers : it makes it super easy to sync documents up to the cloud for access from the iPhone , as well as making it trivial to present documents to Windows PC and Office users , with no translation required .
Additionally , users you collaborate with and add notes to your documents and even download them in their native iWork formats , as a PDF , or as Office documents .
The main thing that iWork does n't yet do is support document editing , which is sure to disappoint people who have the idea that iWork.com is direct competition to Google Docs .
It 's not an online document editor at all ; its really just a document viewer system .
Learning from MobileMe
Of course , that 's all set to change as the iWork.com apps grow in sophistication .
There 's nothing that prevents
Apple from adding rich document editing features to the online service which can compete directly with Google Docs and other online office offerings .
Like MobileMe , the iWork.com apps are built using SproutCore , a JavaScript framework designed to create full featured , sophisticated web apps rather than just spruced up web pages with some additional , animated AJAX functionality .
With MobileMe , Apple made two main mistakes .
First , it tried to deliver too much .
Portions did n't work as well as users had a right to expect , and other advertised features were missing entirely .
The new iWork.com does n't try to do everything , it simply aims at doing one thing well : presenting shared documents that are easy to access and notate .
The other main flaw of the MobileMe rollout was that Apple tried to charge for it as a production - qualtity service .
With iWork.com , Apple has taken a page from Google in calling the service " beta " and allowing users to hammer on it for free until they 're satisfied the service is worth buying .
It 's not yet known how much the service will cost .
Apple previously described its online document viewer service with email notifications ( as an alternative to sending email file attachments ) as a planned feature of MobileMe .
By spinning the technology off as a part of iWork , Apple can charge for it separately ( if buyers materialize and the price is reasonable ) .
More importantly , the service will validate the concept of online apps as a paid service independently of the still somewhat tainted MobileMe service , which was skewered by the media for being not ready for prime time at its release .
Google provides its online Docs service to consumers at no cost , but does try to find commercial business users who will pay for it .
Online software in general does n't have much of a solid business model , just as web sites have always struggled in their efforts to find a way to get paid for delivering their content .
While MobileMe is regarded as a huge failure by many pundits , it remains one of the first and largest online consumer web services with a significant paying audience of a few million users .
If Apple can also make iWork.com function as an attractive , affordable service , it can add online software services as a yet another new arm of business for the company , alongside its recent ventures involving everything from smartphones to mobile software to retail store training services .
How iWork.com works
Using iWork.com requires downloading the new iWork 09 suite .
A 30 day , time - limited free demo of the suite is already available for download , and can be installed and optionally purchased without affecting any existing versions of iWork already on the system .
To get started with the new online service , users login using their existing Apple Account ( such as from iTunes or MobileMe ) , or set up a new one .
One can then upload a document from the toolbar , which automatically prompts the user to set up an invitation to others .
The " To " field works just like Mail , completing invited members from Address Book .
The From field allows the user to send the invite from any email account they have set up in Mail .
Click Share , and the iWork app puts up a notification of the upload progress .
The file is stored on Apple 's server ( that " cloud " buzzword ) , a step that lets anyone , anywhere access the document from any fairly modern web browser .
The document stays available for three months .
Invited recipients get a simple email that allows them to view the online documents by clicking on a link .
Currently , there is no security in place for invited users ; they are shown the document within the online viewer and logged into a session that allows them to leave comments tagged with their email address .
That allows multiple users to be invited to view and comment on an online document without doing anything more than clicking the link , but it also means that any documents that get uploaded are fairly easy for anyone to access , as long as they have the URL ( which appears in the email , below ) .
Invited users can't access other documents uploaded to the same account however .
Unlike invited viewers , the user who uploads the document must login to the service to access it ( below ) .
That provides them with greater access , via the publish.iwork.com app .
Once logged in , the publisher can see , add and remove invited Viewers .
Once removed , the invited user can't access the document anymore using their URL link .
The publisher can also add or clear comments on the document , and download the document from the website in iWork , PDF , or Office formats .
Clicking on the Shared Documents link in the publish web app gives the publisher access to all uploaded files , which can be downloaded , viewed or deleted .
Invited users do n't have access to this link , so they can't delete documents or view other uploads they were not invited to see .
Instead , invited viewers get a slightly different interface via the view.iwork.com web app , which only allows them to view the document , add notes , and see other viewers .
They can't send invites of their own , although they can share their URL and give access in their name to others .
Anyone who leaves a comment after accessing the document following a given link will be identified as the user that URL was originally sent to , as the URL contains the invited user 's email address .
If they remove that identifying portion of the URL , they would be forced to login to view the document .
On the iPhone
Looking at the web app's source code reveals two things : first that the new app uses SproutCore to build its interface , but more interestingly that the service gives Mobile Safari users ( on an iPhone or iPod touch ) a customized version of access .
Again , the publishing user can access the document on their iPhone by logging in , although this mobile version does n't currently present any comments or viewer invitation controls .
It only allows users to view the document , or any other documents they have uploaded to their iWork.com account .
Other mobile invited users will similarly only get view access , but again wo n't have to login with an account to see it ( the URL effectively logs them in itself ) .
The new service shows a lot of potential .
It 's a great way to share access to office files without emailing around documents , and it makes it easy to access documents from the iPhone without needing to actually use up its RAM to store the documents locally ( as email attachments , for example ) .
Apple can enhance the service by providing online editing controls , with permissions to edit being optionally afforded to invited users , but currently the service is not an online office suite and only a document sharing service .
Mirrored from http://www.phobe.com/fsmhat/index.html
The Flying Spaghetti Monster Hat The Pope has a special hat .
Rabbis have special hats .
Rastafarians have special hats .
Why not Pastafarians ?
This hat is crocheted ( I assume you could knit something similar ) .
Unfortunately , I do n't how to write patterns -- my grandma taught me how to crochet in a rather freeform manner ( she also made the best spaghetti and meatballs , EVER - coincidence ? ) .
So here 's a very rough guide : INGREDIENTS
Body of hat : 2 balls Lion Brand Wool - Ease in Fisherman 99
: 2 balls Lion Brand Wool - Ease in Fisherman 99 Spaghetti tendrils & trim : 1 ball of fluffy Lion Brand Chenille in Antique White
: 1 ball of fluffy Lion Brand Chenille in Antique White Eyeballs : a little bit of any old white yarn
a little bit of any old white yarn Meatballs : 1 ball Caron " Jewel Box " in Rubellite 0028 .
This is the most meatballistic yarn I could find .
1 ball Caron " Jewel Box " in Rubellite 0028 .
This is the most meatballistic yarn I could find .
2 small black buttons for pupils
Polyfill or other stuffing material Make any kind of base hat you want .
I just went around in a big spiral until I had a hat ( sorry , I just make this stuff up as I go ) .
But here 's a pattern for a beret that would make a nice base .
The meatballs are just , well , balls , stuffed with polyfill and stitched onto the top of the hat .
Here 's a nice simple ball pattern .
Eyestalks start out as white balls , but instead of closing the ball at the bottom , you tie on the base - hat - color yarn and gradually increase the stitches until you have a cone shape , leaving the bottom open .
Stuff with polyfill and stitch on to the base hat .
Sew buttons to center of eyeballs for pupils .
I added earflaps and two small meatballs to the end of the earflap ties , because you can never have too many meatballs , but this is entirely optional .
Spaghetti strands are just chains , using a big hook and a fluffy yarn .
Leave a bit of unchained yarn at the very end to attach them to the hat ( pull through and knot on inside ) .
You could put a bit of wire up in the strand to make it poseable , but I prefer the more authentic , spineless noodle .
Now put on your hat and waggle your noodly appendages in His name -- you 're warm , blessed , and look like a complete dork .
AMEN .
Back to Spread the word
Back to the Flying Spaghetti Monster main page
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) -- Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke said Tuesday that President - elect Barack Obama 's proposed fiscal stimulus package could help the economy , but he added that additional bailouts of financial institutions may also be needed to bring about a sustained economic recovery .
Bernanke , speaking in London , said that the nearly $ 800 billion plan being discussed by the incoming Obama administration and the newly elected Congress " could provide a significant boost to economic activity . "
He did not comment on or endorse any specifics of the nearly $ 800 billion .
But Bernanke cautioned that the plan is " unlikely to promote a lasting recovery unless they are accompanied by strong measures to further stabilize and strengthen the financial system . "
Bernanke suggested that more banks and financial firms are likely to need additional capital injections from the government , and that further guarantees of their debt could be necessary , in return for the federal government receiving further equity in the firms .
The Fed chairman also said that " removing troubled assets from institutions ' balance sheets , as was initially proposed for the U.S. financial rescue plan , " might also be needed to supplement any further investments in banks .
One critic of the bank bailout agreed that more help might be needed for financial firms and that Bernanke was correct to suggest that the government look at all options for helping banks .
" Everything he 's saying is right ; we have a lot of tools and we have to use them wisely , " said Barry Ritholtz , CEO and director of equity research for research firm Fusion IQ .
But Ritholtz added that the bailout has already been mismanaged by the Treasury Department .
" The problem is that the time for that kind of thinking was five months ago , " Ritholtz added .
What the Fed has done so far
Still , in addition to the actions taken by the Treasury to help banks , the Fed has made many moves to try and stimulate the economy .
It has lowered interest rates to near zero , and has also pumped more than $ 1 trillion into the economy through various lending programs .
This has created some concerns about the Fed 's balance sheet , and whether or not it can continue to fund more rescue efforts without causing long - term damage to the economy , such as sparking inflation .
Bernanke dismissed this risk , however , saying that inflation appears well - contained in the near term .
And he said despite the fact that the Fed is taking on much riskier assets than normal as collateral , he does not believe there is a major risk of having those loans go bad .
" The Federal Reserve has never suffered any losses in the course of its normal lending to banks " and Wall Street firms , he said .
Bernanke said that some of the steps taken by the Fed so far to pump money into banks will be unwound quickly once markets start to return to normal .
But he added that the Fed expects that in order to address problems in the credit markets , it will have to hold onto mortgage - backed securities it is in the process of currently buying for a long time .
Bernanke also reiterated that the Fed will probably need to leave its key interest rate near zero for an extended period of time .
Still , even with rates near zero , he argued that the central bank still has many tools at its disposal to address the economic crisis .
He added that the Fed is in a far better position to address economic problems than the Bank of Japan was when it left rates near zero for several years earlier this decade .
Regulatory changes , global cooperation needed
Bernanke also stressed the need for cooperation by central banks around the globe .
He said that what the Fed , Congress , and other nations do in response to the worldwide economic crisis is crucial to determining how quickly a recovery takes place , but he conceded that the " timing and strength of the recovery are highly uncertain . "
The chairman said it is also clear there will need to be changes in the regulation of financial institutions , both in the United States and in coordination with governments around the world .
But he added that he is a strong believer in free markets and the benefits they bring , despite the crisis in the global financial markets .
" What we 've learned in this case is not necessarily that we need a lot more regulation , " he said in response to a question following his speech .
" We need to think what went wrong ... We need to think very hard about how to fix it . "
He concluded that , while better regulation is necessary and will have to be addressed soon , it is not the most pressing need at this moment .
" It 's good advice in general if there 's a fire burning , you try to put it out first , and then think about the fire code , " he said .
How do you think Barack Obama 's presidency will affect you and your wallet ?
What can he do to help you - and others - in these trying economic times ?
E-mail us at realstories@cnnmoney.com , and your thoughts could be part of an upcoming story .
I 'm being slightly disingenuous in answering this request , because my honest belief is , " do n't bother " .
Fair skin is useful .
It allows the body to create vitamin D with much less sunlight than darker - skinned people need .
But of course , fair - skinned people have pale skin .
They often also have blue eyes and blonde or red hair .
The Telecommunications Carriers Forum ( TCF ) which represents ISPs and telecoms companies in New Zealand has drafted a code of practice which outlines the manner in which the new Section 92 " 3 Strikes " regime should be handled by its members .
It aims to dampen the many fears of Internet users .
Scheduled for introduction at the end of February 2009 , Section 92 of the Copyright Amendment Act 2008 is causing concern for many in New Zealand , with the threat of Internet disconnection for those accused of sharing copyright works looming large .
The Telecommunications Carriers ’ Forum ( TCF ) has declared that its members believe that Section 92 “ is seriously flawed ” but nevertheless has just released a draft of its ISP Copyright Code of Practice for public consultation .
“ The Copyright Act was amended in 2008 to include s92A which requires Internet Service Providers to have a policy to terminate the accounts of repeat copyright infringers in appropriate circumstances , ” said TCF CEO Ralph Chivers .
“ This Draft Code is intended to be a template policy for ISPs , to assist them in meeting their obligations under the Act . ”
The draft has been created by a group of New Zealand ’s largest ISPs , the Internet Service Providers Association of New Zealand ( ISPANZ ) and Internet NZ , with input from the entertainment industries .
It puts some much - needed ‘ meat - on - the - bones ’ of how allegations of infringement under Section 92 could be handled in practice , along with clarification of what would constitute someone being labeled as a “ repeat infringer ” for example .
This is how TCF propose that part of the system will work .
First off , a copyright holder would identify an infringement and notify the ISP of the infringing customer immediately .
The ISP would check to ensure that the complaint meets the standards required by the draft code and ensure that the evidence provided would be of such a quality that it would stand up in court .
If it does not meet the standards , it will be returned to the copyright holder .
If it is discovered that the copyright holder has n’t already been ‘ pre- approved ’ to participate in the scheme , they are given the opportunity to join by paying a fee .
The claim is then processed .
At this point the ISP checks to see if the customer has already been complained about .
If they have received less than two complaints already , they receive what is known as an ‘ Education Notice ’ .
If they have received two of such notices , the ISP well then active the ‘ Termination Process ’ .
In either event , the copyright holder is notified of the action taken .
The definition of a ‘ Repeat Infringer ’ ( and one who will be disconnected ) is an Internet user who has received three Education Notices in any given 18 month period .
Education Notices expire 18 months after being issued , effectively giving the user a clean sheet again .
There are also systems proposed for dealing with the actual termination of a customer ’s ISP account , with provisions for taking extra caution over so - called ‘ Vulnerable Customers ’ ( someone “ who for reasons of health , disability or safety , or that of a member of their household , is reliant on their Internet Account ” ) and ‘ Essential Service Providers ’ ( a “ person who requires their Internet Account in order to deliver an essential service referred to in Part A of Schedule 1 of the Employment Relations Act 2000 “ )
Customers accused of infringement will also have the right to dispute the allegations made against them and the draft details the procedure clearly .
The draft Internet Service Provider ( ISP ) Copyright Code of Practice is available for viewing here .
Submissions to the draft should be emailed to [ email protected ] or posted to : Telecommunications Carriers ’ Forum , PO Box 302469 , North Harbour , Auckland .
The closing date for submissions is 5 pm , Friday 6th March 2009 .
When I ventured into the kitchen of a back - alley Chinese restaurant one night , I discovered that what makes food great is the same thing that makes relationships great : heat .
The chef there had a flame you could use for smelting , a 19 - inch wok on top , and another flame under a cauldron of seasoned , boiling water .
It would cost me at least 30 times more than that for a pizza oven , and pizza cooking is not a spectator sport .
Wokkery — that ’s a spectator sport .
Like bonfires , fireworks , and women spraying their hair while smoking .
In addition to a few cooking tools and a side station for parboiling vegetables , I bought a 19 - inch steel wok and a 170,000 BTU propane burner .
Yep , 170,000 BTU .
( A professional - style home stove , by comparison , might have 16,000 BTU burners and a 45,000 BTU oven . )
Then I took it all outside , mainlined the beast to some pure Canadian propane , and got a flame that could interfere with local observatories .
To make a meat - and - vegetable stir - fry , the Chinese chef boiled the vegetables , oiled the wok , fried the meat , rescued the vegetables , took out the meat , added the seasonings and vegetables , put the meat back in , and slid the food onto its serving plate .
The whole process took less than three minutes .
I started slowly .
Because when you ’re cooking on the surface of the sun , you barely have time to look for an ingredient , let alone open a bottle .
You need a plan for quick and easy delivery of every component .
I thought out my motions beforehand ; I made sure I could move fluidly and safely around the heat .
I started with just one wok , cooking the vegetables and meat one at a time and combining them at the end .
Then I moved on to the full - on wok and cauldron show .
Once I became comfortable with high - temp wokking , I could serve massive numbers of guests with delicious , ready - made food .
My outdoor parties were simultaneously entertaining and delicious — a performance - art mix of ballet , flame , and hot oil .
Not that you should try this at home — you should n’t — but you should know anyway : Smoldering oil will explode into flame if given the chance .
If you ’re around it , you need an oil - fire fire extinguisher .
And because the heat is so intense , beginners should turn the heat down or off between cooking the meat and cooking the vegetables .
Illustration by Bill Younger
While most of the hype surrounding Voodoo right now pertains to the Firebird gaming tower , LAPTOP has discovered yet another undercover rig from the company 's arsenal worth swooning over .
Before you go getting too excited , we must caution you that the Firefly is merely a prototype at the moment , but we all know concepts are made with the intent to commercialize .
With the fine print behind us , it 's worth reading up on what this Voodoo DNA 'd machine offered up ; for starters , you 'll notice a 17 - inch panel and a hefty 13 - pound frame .
There 's also a multitouch trackpad , keyboard with customizable backlighting , a secondary 4.3 - inch 800 x 480 display sitting beneath the main screen , a 2.4GHz Core 2 Extreme CPU , 4GB of RAM , two ATI Mobility Radeon HD 3870 GPUs and a 250 GB HDD .
No benchmarks were allowed , but Far Cry 2 ran " silky smooth " even with details maxed .
For the rest of the nitty - gritty , we 'll direct you to the read link , and before you get all irate that this is n't available for purchase , just be thankful this post is n't about yet another teaser from Mr. Sood .
A simple computer game reveals how able volunteers are to put themselves on the shoes of others .
Click the link below to see the frames in full detail ( Image : Iroise Dumontheil / Developmental Science )
Instructions example : player ’s view ( Image : Iroise Dumontheil / Developmental Science )
Instructions example : other person ’s view ( Image : Iroise Dumontheil / Developmental Science ) Experimental trial : volunteers have to move the small ball the other person can see ( Image : Iroise Dumontheil / Developmental Science ) Advertisement Control trial : other person can see all balls ( Image : Iroise Dumontheil / Developmental Science )
Teenagers might have a new excuse for ignoring their parent ’s orders .
Their brain ’s ability to adopt the viewpoint of others is still budding , new research suggests .
Known as theory of mind , the ability to infer another ’s perspective – emotional , intellectual , or visual – improves with age .
Studies of infants , toddlers and children have documented gradual improvement in this skill with age .
In a typical test , kids watch two puppets – Sally and Anne – play with a marble , then put the marble back in a box .
Anne “ leaves ” and Sally grabs the marble , plays with it , and then returns the marble instead to a bag .
Where will Anne first search for the marble , researchers ask the children .
“ Before four , kids say she ’s going to look in the bag , but after four they know she has a false belief , ” says Iroise Dumontheil , a cognitive neuroscientist at University College London , UK , who led the new study .
However , brain scans suggest that a teenage mind toils harder when inferring the outlook of others , compared with adults .
And a brain region implicated in theory of mind , the medial prefrontal cortex , continues to develop through adolescence , Dumontheil says .
Varied viewpoint
To see if there is a behavioural consequence of these biological changes , she and colleagues tested children , adolescents , and adults on their ability to infer the spatial perspective of another person in a simple computer game .
Test subjects – 179 females ranging in age from 7 to 27 – saw a bookshelf with a variety of different sized balls and other objects on four different rows .
Some of the objects sit in front of opaque backgrounds , obscured to someone standing on the other side of the shelf , while some sit in front of a see - through background .
Participants are asked to adopt the perspective of a man standing on the other side of the shelf and move the small ball to the left , using a mouse .
In a typical test , a golf ball and tennis ball are both visible to the participant , but the golf ball is obscured from the point of view of the observer .
The correct response , then , is to move the tennis ball .
See images of the game here
Kids under the age of 10 moved the wrong ball in about three - quarters of trials .
Children aged 10 through 13 scored marginally better , and teens answered wrong on two - thirds of trials .
Adults , however , did better than 50 - 50 , on average .
Egotistical behaviour
This , Dumontheil says , is the first behavioural evidence showing that theory of mind is still improving even through teenage years .
“ You probably first need to have the idea that somebody has a different spatial perspective and then you can move onto higher thoughts , ” she says .
Her team plans to next test boys and men on the same task to determine if theory of mind develops differently in males than in females .
The study ’s findings may also explain teens ’ sometimes callous actions .
“ What is really new and amazing about this paper , is that they show that adolescents show strong egocentric behaviour that is very similar to that of young children , ” says Boaz Keysar , a cognitive psychologist at the University of Chicago .
Journal reference : Developmental Science ( in press )
Whitney
Hess is an independent user experience designer , writer and consultant based in New York City .
She authors the blog Pleasure and Pain .
When I tell people that I am a user experience designer , I usually get a blank stare .
I try to follow it up quickly by saying that I make stuff easy and pleasurable to use .
That ’s the repeatable one - liner , but it ’s a gross oversimplification and is n’t doing me any favors .
The term “ user experience ” or UX has been getting a lot of play , but many businesses are confused about what it actually is and how crucial it is to their success .
I asked some of the most influential and widely respected practitioners in UX what they consider to be the biggest misperceptions of what we do .
The result is a top 10 list to debunk the myths .
Read it , learn it , live it .
User experience design is NOT ...
1. ... user interface design
It ’s not uncommon to confuse “ user experience ” with “ user interface ” — after all it ’s a big part of what users interact with while experiencing digital products and services .
But the UI is just one piece of the puzzle .
“ Interface is a component of user experience , but there 's much more , ” says Peter Merholz , founding partner and president of Adaptive Path .
Christian Crumlish , curator of the Yahoo !
Design Pattern Library , explains that design “ is n't about cosmetics , pixel - pushing , and button placement .
It 's holistic and it's everyone 's concern , not just the realm of ‘ artistic ’ types . ”
Dan Saffer , founder and principal at Kicker Studio , agrees that it ’s common for design to be mistaken for being solely about decoration or styling .
“ I 've had clients tell me not to worry about what their strategy is , ” he says , “ because why would a designer care about that ?
UX is more than just skin deep . ”
2. ... a step in the process
It is the process .
In order to create a great experience for your users , not just design something that we ’d like to use , we need to keep listening and iterating .
It does n’t have to be a rigid process , but it does need to exist .
“ User experience design is n't a checkbox , ” says Liz Danzico , an independent user experience consultant and chairperson of the new MFA in Interaction Design program at the School of Visual Arts .
“ You do n't do it and then move on .
It needs to be integrated into everything you do . ”
Dan Brown , co-founder and principal at EightShapes notes , “ Most [ clients ] expect experience design to be a discrete activity , solving all their problems with a single functional specification or a single research study .
It must be an ongoing effort , a process of continually learning about users , responding to their behaviors , and evolving the product or service . ”
3. ... about technology
User experience is n’t even about technology , says Mario Bourque , manager of information architecture and content management at Trapeze Group .
“ It 's about how we live .
It 's about everything we do ; it surrounds us . ”
Like a painter uses paint to communicate concepts and emotions , user experience designers use technology to help people accomplish their goals .
But the primary objective is to help people , not to make great technology .
“ User experience design is not limited to the confines of the computer .
It does n't even need a screen , ” argues Bill DeRouchey , director of interaction design at Ziba Design .
“ User experience is any interaction with any product , any artifact , any system . ”
Really , a user experience designer could help to improve a person ’s experience with just about anything — a doorknob , a faucet , a shopping cart .
We just do n’t typically refer to the people using those things as “ users , ” but they are .
4. ... just about usability
“ People often think that [ UX design ] is a way to make products that suck into products that do n't suck by dedicating resources to the product 's design , ” says Chris Fahey , founding partner and principal of Behavior .
Making stuff easy and intuitive is far from our only goal .
In order to get people to change their behavior , we need to create stuff they want to use , too .
David Malouf , professor of interaction design at Savannah College of Art & Design , explains that “ while usability is important , its focus on efficiency and effectiveness seems to blur the other important factors in UX , which include learnability and visceral and behavioral emotional responses to the products and services we use . ”
Not everything has to be dead simple if it can be easily learned , and it ’s critical that the thing be appealing or people might never interact with it in the first place .
“ Usability is not a synecdoche for UX , ” asserts Will Evans , principal user experience architect at Semantic Foundry .
He points to Peter Morville ’s UX honeycomb , which in addition to usable , recognizes useful , desirable , accessible , credible , findable , and ultimately valuable as the essential facets of user experience .
5. ... just about the user
Russ Unger , experience design strategist , likes to say that the biggest misconception of UX design is the “ U . ” “ There are a set of business objectives that are needing to be met — and we ’re designing to that , as well , ” he explains .
“ We just ca n’t always do what is best for the users .
We have to try to make sure that we are presenting an overall experience that can meet as many goals and needs as possible for the business and the users . ”
As user experience designers we have to find the sweet spot between the user ’s needs and the business goals , and furthermore ensure that the design is on brand .
6. ... expensive
Every project requires a custom - tailored approach based on the business ’s available resources , capabilities , timeline , and budget , and a whole slew of real - world constraints .
But that does n’t always mean that it needs to be costly or take forever .
Steve Baty , principal and user experience strategist at Meld Consulting , combats the fallacy that UX design adds too much time to a project .
“ Sometimes a fully - fledged , formal UCD process may not be the best thing to try first time , ” he says .
“ It 's extremely important - and totally possible no matter where you 're working or when you arrive on a project - to make small improvements to both the project and the product by introducing some user experience design techniques . ”
“ People cling to things like personas , user research , drawing comics , etc. , ” notes Saffer .
“ In reality the best designers have a toolbox of options , picking and choosing methods for each project what makes sense for that particular project . ”
7. ... easy
Just because we know how to conduct some cool and useful activities and you know your business really well does n’t mean that this whole process is a breeze .
And cutting corners on some important steps is a recipe for disaster .
Saffer maintains that a misconception “ as common among designers as it is among clients , is that there is one secret method that will solve all their design problems . ”
A trap that a lot of companies fall into is in thinking that they are their own end users .
Erin Malone , principal at Tangible UX , finds that both product managers and programmers believe they will create the experience as they build it .
“ UX designers are caught in the middle trying to speak the business language and the developer language to justify why we need to do our jobs and why it 's important to success . ”
If you make assumptions about the people you expect to use your product or service — who they are , how they behave , what makes them tick — you ’ll probably always be wrong .
But take the time to get to know them , and hire the appropriate person to facilitate the process , and you can ensure you ’ll get it right .
8. ... the role of one person or department
User experience designers are liaisons , not subject matter experts , doctors or any type of magical beings .
We do n’t have a set of best practices that we can robotically implement , nor do we have all of the answers .
Our greatest skill is that we know how to listen .
While we can help evangelize the most effective process within your organization , it ’s ultimately up to all members of the business to make it a success .
“ User experience is n't just the responsibility of a department or a person , ” says Livia Labate , principal of information architecture and user experience at Comcast Interactive Media .
“ That compartmentalist view of UX is evidence that it is not part of the organizational culture and hints to teams not having a common goal or vision for the experience they should deliver collectively . ”
Malone highlights the fact that there are many different breeds of practitioners that fall within the user experience umbrella .
“ We , as an industry , have not done a good job of separating out specialties and roles with enough unique language so that clients and businesses get that they need to hire ( on staff or consultant ) different types of people at different points in a project lifecycle . "
9. ... a single discipline
The truth is that we ’re all still very new at this .
Louis Rosenfeld , publisher at Rosenfeld Media , publishing books on user experience design , and co-author of the seminal 2002 book Information Architecture for the World Wide Web argues that user experience may not yet even be a discipline .
“ It may not even be a community just yet , ” he asserts .
“ At best , it ’s a common awareness , a thread that ties together people from different disciplines who care about good design , and who realize that today 's increasingly complex design challenges require the synthesis of different varieties of design expertise . ”
We have proliferation of nebulous titles : information architect , user experience architect , interaction designer , usability engineer , design analyst , and on and on .
And they do n’t mean the same thing to every person or company .
Different people specialize in different parts of the process .
Some UX practitioners focus on a specific technique , like Indi Young and mental models , or a single challenge , like Luke Wroblewski and web forms , or a focused activity , like Steve Krug and usability testing .
Just like you would n’t go to a cardiologist to heal your broken foot , do n’t expect any professional in the realm of user experience to accomplish everything you need .
10 . ... a choice
For those of you who think you do n’t really need a user experience designer , keep this in mind : “ Nobody wants to believe that what they are offering is of poor - quality or deficient , ” says Kaleem Khan , an independent UX consultant , “ because nobody sets out to achieve a bad design as a goal .
It 's always a risk .
Bad designs and bad experiences happen . ”
Jared Spool , founding principal and CEO at User Interface Engineering ( UIE ) , the world ’s largest usability research firm , has done extensive investigation on the qualities of the satisfied and successful product teams .
Simply put , the most common flaw he has found is that companies think “ good experience design is an add - on , not a base requirement . ”
Josh Porter , formerly of UIE and now principal at Bokardo Design , echoes Spool when he says , “ The biggest misconception is that [ companies ] have a choice to invest in their user 's experience .
To survive , they do n't . ”
There are plenty of amazing practitioners who can help right in your local area .
Check your local chapter of the Information Architecture Institute ( IAI ) , the Interaction Design Association ( IxDA ) , or the Usability Professionals Association ( UPA ) , or just find someone on LinkedIn .
Looking forward
2009 is going to be a year of scaling back , but let it also be a call for pragmatism .
It ’s time to adopt more streamlined , smart , progressive and effective practices .
We ’ve reached a level of technological maturity where functional just is n’t good enough .
It ’s how we engage people and the respect and value we provide to them that will separate the wheat from the chaff .
Which side will you be on ?
Whitney Hess is an independent user experience design consultant working with Happy Cog , boxee and other companies putting people first .
She writes about making stuff easy and pleasurable to use on her blog Pleasure and Pain .
Imagery courtesy of iStockphoto , nico_blue , gwmullis , podgorsek , Jaymast , Rellas
Charlie Rose today started a series on the future of journalism .
A conversation about the future of newspapers with Walter Isaacson of " Time , " Robert Thomson of " Wall Street Journal " and Mort Zuckerman of " The New York Daily News "
It was a fascinating discussion about micropayments , subscription models , and how newspapers can adapt to the challenge of low online ad revenues .
And Poynter.org produced an excellent transcript .
Robert Thomson , Managing Editor of the Wall Street Journal , said many interesting things that showed a deeper understanding of the issues than the other panelists .
Mr Thomson said , " Google devalues everything it touches .
Google is great for Google but it 's terrible for content providers . "
He said that Google does n't distinguish between the quality of the content around which it serves up ads , it is concerned with quantity rather than quality .
Walter Isaacson agreed .
" Also , what Google does is it allows ads to be spread all over the Web .
You can go to Google ad servers and put ads on any site there is . "
Mort Zuckerman did n't think that micropayments for news articles would work .
He said " We 're ready to be the second or third newspaper that does that . "
Mrt Zuckerman placed his hope in a new printing press .
" You get a premium from advertisers if you have color . "
Charlie Rose said , " But you 're saying maybe the only thing that your new business model has in it is a better printing press and a cheaper printing press ? "
Mr Thomson laughed off camera .
Mr Zuckerman said , " Well , it 's not -- yes , well , it 's more efficient .
We do n't like to call it cheaper . "
Mr Thomson supported Mr Zuckerman 's belief that newspapers would n't go away .
" I think Mort is on to something .
Dead trees are definitely not dead .
. . the idea of spending 30 minutes with any medium , with -- and the only multitasking you 're doing is drinking a cup of coffee , that does make newspapers unique .
And actually if you talk to ad people , they 're starting to recognize that . "
Mr Isaacson said nice things about citizen journalists and bloggers .
" We 're getting citizen journalists , bloggers , that are adding immensely to the wealth of information that we have . "
He said that citizen journalists should be paid .
" I think what you are trying to do is incent good , decent people who want to cover their town planning meeting or become citizen journalists or write blogs that are actually worth reading .
You want them to be able to do it not just as an ego kick or as a hobby or as a civic contribution , but have people who have to put food on their table be able to afford to be citizen journalists , afford to be good bloggers . "
The most important point was said by Mr Thomson : " Every newspaper is of itself a great brand , and to have brand value on the Web is to have a great advantage . "
Mr Thomson has a better understanding of the issues because he spent several years as Editor of The Times newspaper in London .
British newspapers have been able to adapt to , and exploit the Internet , in ways that US newspapers are only now learning .
[ I used to work with Mr Thomson when he was Editor of the Financial Times in the US .
And I met with him on a recent trip to New York .
He said that on The Times , they had a team of people making sure that the news stories could be easily indexed by Google , but US newspapers are only just beginning to do the same . ]
- - -
Please see :
Poynter.org has an excellent transcript here :
And I begin with you , Walter .
Tell me how bad is it , from all the surveys that you took in putting this piece together , and what 's a modest proposal ?
WALTER ISAACSON , ASPEN INST . :
I think it 's pretty bad , because I think we 've realized after the fourth quarter of last year in which Web advertising for newspapers started to decline , that Web advertising was n't going to continue to shoot up and form a business model where you could keep giving away newspapers for free online and hope that Web advertising would support it .
Poynter Online - Romenesko
Here is the video of the Charlie Rose segment .
China 's exports are declining as world demand slows China 's exports have dropped into their biggest decline in a decade .
Exports in December were down 2.8 % from the same time last year , a bigger decline than November 's 2.2 % drop , the China Daily said .
The numbers provided fresh evidence of a serious trade slump that has caused a wave of factory closures and staff layoffs , analysts said .
The communist leadership has expressed fears of social unrest as economic problems worsen .
The BBC 's correspondent in Shanghai , Chris Hogg , said that China 's economy relies on domestic demand for its goods and services more than any other country in Asia .
Only around 30 % of the economic activity here is dependent on exports , suggesting that problems in the export sector are affecting less than a third of the economy .
Trade surplus December imports fell even more sharply , declining 21.3 % , the China Daily reported .
That was a bigger decline than November 's 17.9 % drop .
The global economic downturn is hitting China 's growth With exports in December worth $ 111.2 billion , and imports worth $ 72.2 billion , that made December 's trade surplus $ 39 billion .
That is the country 's second highest trade surplus ever , just short of November 's record $ 40.1 billion .
Our correspondent adds that the huge decline in imports is partly due to the slowdown in exports .
More than half of China 's exports are made up of goods which are simply assembled here with components imported from overseas , so as exports drop , the need for those components falls .
Steep falls in world commodity and energy prices make it cheaper for China to import them and that again helps to reduce the overall import total .
Taken together these figures are more evidence that economic activity is slowing , but not necessarily that that slowdown was much greater last month than it had been the month before .
According to JP Morgan , December 's export decline was the sharpest since April 1999 .
" Export growth is likely to be flat in 2009 , with negative year - over - year growth in the near - term , " said Jing Ulrich , JP Morgan 's chairwoman of China equities , in a report .
No immunity
When the global financial meltdown began to bite , some commentators looked to the seemingly unstoppable export engine of China for relief .
A series of numbers released in recent months have suggested that China is no more immune to worldwide trade problems than any other large economy , analysts said .
With Japan , the US and Europe now in recession , China 's heavily trade - dependent economy is expected to harder hit through the coming year .
Predictions by the World Bank of growth of 7.5 % in 2009 , if proved true , would be the lowest recorded since 1990 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Police forces are being equipped with a new generation of data extraction devices to accelerate the downloading of pictures , personal information and numbers from seized mobile phones .
The hand - held machines can override password protection systems and are increasingly being used by hi-tech crime units and intelligence agencies .
Their spread , however , has raised concern from the human rights groups Liberty about the potential for intrusive searches and prompted the Information Commssioner 's Office to warn about the need for appropriate security safeguards .
Drug dealers and paedophiles have used untraceable handsets to disguise trading .
Terrorists have used them to detonate bombs remotely .
Detective Inspector Michael Crampton of West Yorkshire Police 's hi-tech crime unit said : " We have used the devices for investigating everything - rape , robbery , child abuse and drug dealing . "
West Yorkshire police is using around 20 Cellebrite Universal Forensic Extraction Devices ( UFEDs ) .
The makers claim hi-tech crime units in up to 35 of the 43 police forces in England and Wales have them .
Originally developed in Israel , the machines cost around £ 2,500 each .
The Information Commissioner 's Office said it was not opposed to the use of such equipment for the detection and prevention of crime .
but warned that " proper safeguards " should be in place to ensure that information was not abused .
Brad Friedman Byon 2/1/2009 , 2:46 pm PT
The previous media excuse , during the last administration , for so many more Rs than Ds on television news , was that Republicans were in power of both the White House and Congress .
Of course , now that Democrats control both , well , as ThinkProgress detailed last week the more things change ...
As Media Matters has documented , during the Bush administration , the media consistently allowed conservatives to dominate their shows , booking them as guests far more often than progressives .
The rationale was that Republicans were “ in power . ”
It appears that old habits die hard .
Even though President Obama and his team are in control of the executive branch and Democrats are in the majority in Congress , the cable networks are still turning more often to Republicans and allowing them to set the agenda on major issues , most recently on the debate over the economic recovery package .
...
The media have been aiding their efforts .
In a new analysis , ThinkProgress has found that the five cable news networks — CNN , MSNBC , Fox News , Fox Business and CNBC — have hosted more Republican lawmakers to discuss the plan than Democrats by a 2 to 1 ratio this week :
...
In total , from 6 AM on Monday to 4 PM on Wednesday , the networks have hosted Republican lawmakers 51 times and Democratic lawmakers only 24 times .
All of that said , and with so much more irrefutable , hard data - be - damned to go with it , I 've found , when out and about in the world , the " Myth of the Liberal Media " remains , to this day , among the most enduring of all unshakable , faith - based religious tenets of the Hopelessly Wingnutted Dead - Enders .
UPDATE : In related news , Eric Boehlert notices how " Right on cue , the White House press awakens from its Bush slumber , " just in time for another Democrat in the Oval Office .
Who could have predicted it ?
Es fängt beim ersten Strampler an und hört beim Schulranzen nicht auf .
Irgendwann hat irgendwer entschieden , dass die Welt der Mädchen rosa und die der Jungs blau zu sein hat .
Es muss vor etwa hundert Jahren gewesen sein , denn davor galt Rosa noch als männliche Farbe .
Wie gut diese Form frühkindlicher Fixierung funtkioniert , zeigen die Bilder der Künstlerin JeongMee Yoon .
Fasziniert von der Vorliebe ihrer Tochter ( Bild10 ) für Rosa hat sie Kinderzimmer von Jungen und Mädchen in New York fotografiert : " The Pink and Blue Project " .
JeongMee Yoon , " The Pink Project " und " The Blue Project " , Jenkins Johnson Gallery .
( Thanks to nwmuse for researching the story )
While the Republican majority and the Bush administration in line with a number of crooked Democrats were busily creating the Ponzi scheme a .k.a.
Bush ’s economic policy , the fat cat crooks were equally busy in ripping off investors .
We all have heard about Madoff , of course , but here ’s another one .
His name is R. Allen Stanford , and he ’s a Texas billionaire :
The US Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) lodged 25 pages of allegations with a court in Detroit yesterday , detailing a $ 9.2 billion fraud allegedly perpetrated by Mr Stanford and three companies he controls .
( read article )
Full text of complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Eschewing the prospect of a Madoff - style luxury arrest , Stanford decided to split the scene and fly to Antigua , but his credit card was refused .
He has disappeared nevertheless .
Meanwhile , desperate customers are trying to get their money back .
More than 600 people queued outside two branches of the tycoon ’s Bank of Antigua in an attempt to withdraw their cash , even though the bank is not one of the companies involved in the alleged fraud .
Similar panic was reported in Panama , where bank regulators stepped in to take control of the Stanford Bank Panama – also not involved in the fraud allegations – after retail customers began a run on it .
( read more )
There are speculations that the damage done could be well in the vicinity of Madoff ’s $ 50 billion fraud .
Stanford invested heavily into getting legislation focused away from money laundering as far back as 2000 and a couple of familiar names crop up in the bipartisan list of his beneficiaries :
Stanford ’s [ l ] obbying disclosure reports in 2000 made it clear that the company had only one interest in federal policy : money - laundering legislation .
Former Treasury Department official confirmed , in interviews with Public Citizen , that Stanford Financial vigorously opposed the legislation – along with several other Texas - border banking institutions – in meetings held on Capitol Hill .
Between February 2000 and June 2001 , Stanford Financial gave Republican party committees $ 208,000 and Democratic party committees $ 145,000 .
But Stanford did n’t stop there .
Stanford Financial and R. Allen Stanford gave another $ 95,000 to the 527 groups of three influential politicians – Senate Majority Leader Tom Daschle ( $ 40,000 ) , House Democratic Caucus Chairman Martin Frost ( $ 50,000 ) , and Senate Minority Leader Trent Lott ( $ 5,000 ) .
In doing so , Stanford became the single largest contributor between July 1 , 2000 and June 30 , 2001 to the 527 groups of Daschle and Frost .
( read more )
The New York Times has more details and the juiciest bit at the end of their story :
The current S.E.C. charges stem from an inquiry opened in October 2006 after a routine exam of Stanford Group , according to Stephen J. Korotash , an associate regional director of enforcement with the agency ’s Fort Worth office .
He said the S.E.C. “ stood down ” on its investigation at the time at the request of another federal agency , which he declined to name , but resumed the inquiry in December 2008 .
Another federal agency .
Figures .
Honestly , I ’m sure we will be busy writing about similar cases still .
Whatever wealth may have been created during the Bush years – and Paul Krugman makes the case that none was – filled the pockets of crooks .
Now that figures , too .
UPDATE : It now turns out that the SEC ’s fraud charges may be the least of Stanford ’s worries .
Federal authorities tell ABC News that the FBI and others have been investigating whether Stanford was involved in laundering drug money for Mexico ’s notorious Gulf Cartel .
UPDATE 2 : Found !
Accused Scammer Stanford Turns in Passport in Washington
: : : : : : : : : :
By Andrew Liszewski
The Force Trainer from Uncle Milton Industries uses the same concepts and principles as the Mindflex game that Mattel was demoing at CES this year .
The Jedi - in - training wears a simple wireless headset that measures their EEG brainwave activity , which in turn causes a ball inside the 10 - inch “ training tower ” to rise or fall .
So no midichlorians needed here .
Like with the Mindflex game , you ’ll need to concentrate on something in order to activate the trainer and manipulate the ball , though it seems to me like you could be easily distracted by the Star Wars sound effects and audio clips that will let you know how you ’re progressing from a lowly Padawan to a Jedi Master .
The Force Trainer is expected to be in stores this Fall , and will set you back about 90 to 100 republic credits .
[ USA TODAY – Toy trains ‘ Star Wars ’ fans to use The Force ] VIA [ The Force .
Net ]
Archives by Author ... Alison Bateman - House Anthony T. Ng Angela Wilson Anna Scheyett Arlene Notoro Morgan Charles Soule` David Pilon L. Dianne Bradford David Moltz David Oaks Darby Penney Gayle Flanigan Hunter L. McQuistion Jean Arnold Jack Carney Judith A. Cook Julie Donahue Julian Ford Jennifer J. Parish Janet Susin KR.Avilés - Vázquez Rose King Lisa Dixon Laura Hercher Judge Linda Teodosio Michael B. Friedman Judge Matthew J. D'emic Marvin Swartz Otto Wahl Peter Brown Phyllis Vine Paul Pines Ralph Ibson Ron Manderscheid Rebecca Woolis Sue E. Estroff Sally A.M. Ho Sol Wachtler Tom Malamud Will Hall
Archives by Category ... Book Reviews Commentary Consider This Did You Know Film From Our Readers Interviews Links MIWatch webcasts News Podcasts Polls Track Legislation Upcoming Update
save for lateradd to cart $ 1250 fixerz.com
A solid six letter dot com and yes I know there is a Z at the end but do n't let ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 2450 blibby.com
Blibby is the word used to describe the " act of spilling milk in front of a cat ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 2850 rediance.com
Rediance is an amazing name for an agency or media company or even for a beauty ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 3450 PICAROO.COM
I love the name and I love the logo of this fantastic name , it just appeals to m ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 3550 darple.com
Anyone who tries to take on the might of EBAY is either an entrenched genius or ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 1450 partable.com
One word dot com and well worth the money especially when you see the prices rea ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 4950 uplend.com
Are you a new loan company with funding looking for a name to start your brand o...
save for lateradd to cart $ 500 multiplelives.com
I bet we all wish that we had multiple lives just like in the video games and it ...
save for lateradd to cart $ 1750 rewindforward.com
As the internet gets bigger its of the utmost importance that you get a name tha ...
The Federal Trade Commission wants to know about DRM , and it 's hosting a March conference on the topic .
The agency looks set to get an earful — today is the final day to file public comments , and more than 700 individuals have already done so .
Surprisingly , the main concerns in the comments do n't appear to be about DVDs or protected music files but about video games .
If FTC staff did n't know much about SecuRom , Spore , install limits , and activation codes before the conference , they will soon be experts on the topics .
The big players in these sorts of public hearings follow a predictable plan : they hold their filings until the final day for submissions , apparently out of a desire not to tip their hand to opponents and give them a chance to directly address their arguments .
The strategy appears to be in play in the DRM proceeding , with only a fistful of corporate or think thank names appearing among the 700 current submissions .
The upside of this behavior is that it makes it simple to browse the comments and get a sense of what those without political clout think of the issue .
And , when it comes to DRM , they do n't have much good to say — our troll through 30 or 40 comments turned up only a couple that supported DRM .
( Including this pithy submission : " The FTC has no place in a matter between private enterprise and public consumption .
You are a blight on free speech and a waste of taxpayer dollars . " )
While some comments were brief to the point of unhelpfulness ( " NO DRM ! " ) and some were filed by a 17 - year old Dutch gamer and other non-US residents , most comments stand out for being relatively informed on the issues .
User comments are generally short and lack the polish of the " professional commenters , " but they have a " man on the street " authenticity to them .
Most make cases against DRM that we 've all heard before : it limits buyers but not pirates , it turns content into something " licensed " and controlled rather than sold outright , it has been responsible for root kits , it does n't work , etc .
But such complaints gain their power from the sea of specific examples provided in the comments , brief stories of real people negatively impacted by DRM while attempting to perform legal activities .
My father ... received a digital media player for his birthday , so he went and downloaded a track from the largest music sites — iTunes .
However , his music player only supported WMA , so his money was wasted .
One commenter writes , for instance , about his father 's attempt to buy music online .
" The compatibility problems DRM can introduce have been readily apparent in the digital music market , " he says .
" People have been buying digital music players they call ' MP3 players ' because the MP3 format popularized digital music .
However , when they went to download digital music , they were almost invariably restricted to one of two formats : WMA and iTunes .
No one device supported both formats , so some users who had n't followed the market bought music they could n't play .
My father was one such consumer .
He received a digital media player for his birthday , so he went and downloaded a track from the largest music sites — iTunes .
However , his music player only supported WMA , so his money was wasted . "
Florida 's Mark Wolf was one of many ( many ! ) people to offer their thoughts on DRM and gaming .
" I 've owned numerous PC game titles from EA and Ubisoft that use DRM such as SecuROM or StarForce , " he writes .
" Games I own are bought from brick - and - mortar retail outlets , or from online distributors such as Steam , Direct2 Drive , or EA Link .
On several occasions I 've had to remove non -game applications , such as CD / DVD burning tools , DVD Region modification tools ( since I am German and live in the US ) , virtual CD / DVD drives or simple CD / DVD Copying utilities , because I was having problems with games not starting after installation .
I am unaware of any law that allows another program to dictate what I can and cannot have on my computer .
" The computer is my personal property , as are the applications that I install on them .
I am an IT Director for a firm and understand there may be incompatibilities between applications and that issues can occur , but to blatantly have a GAME PUBLISHER ask a user to uninstall applications because they 're been " blacklisted " by their chosen DRM , is totally absurd .
The applications that I use are lawfully distributed and I apply them lawfully . "
The FTC event will no doubt be interesting to watch ( a webcast will be available for those not in the Seattle area ) .
Discussion questions on the agenda include " What can be done , and by whom , to protect consumers or mitigate harm to them if content they purchase is protected by DRM systems that become archaic or obsolete ? " and " Are DRM systems being designed in a way that will require consumers to purchase the same content multiple times ? "
The event takes place on March 25 at the University of Washington Law School ... in William H. Gates Hall .
Ars will be there to cover it .
Some of you might remember my concern back in June when I first reported on Production IG ’s planned visual update to Oshii ’s 1995 classic Ghost in the Shell .
Well , the Blu-ray of GiTS 2.0 ( not to be confused with GiTS 2 : Innocence , which will also be referred to a lot in this piece ) hit Japanese stores a few weeks ago , and via sources that I ’m not at liberty to identify I have managed to get my hands on a preview copy – months before the ( still yet to be confirmed ) UK release .
So it was that I found myself , on the first morning of 2009 , sitting down to watch one of my favourite movies of all time again , but instead of being filled with the usual satisfying feeling of anticipation , I was gripped with something nearer to dread .
The ‘ problem ’ – if it is really one at all – is the issue of progress .
In the nine years between GiTS and GiTS 2 : Innocence technology changed .
In this time the tech teams at Production IG focused on becoming the masters at seamlessly merging CGI imagery with conventional hand drawn animation , with GiTS 2 being heralded as the pinnacle of this across the industry .
And with these new technological changes came aesthetic ones ;
Oshii switched palettes from green and blue tones to more deep , orange ones , and the computer interfaces and displays that are such an important part of the GiTS environment became more sophisticated and refined as the software used to create them got cheaper , quicker and maturer .
And while these displays had been the only thing to be rendered by computer in the first movie , the sequel employed CGI in nearly every scene .
Suddenly , you could run the two movies and – arguably – something did n’t look quite right .
At times they looked like different worlds .
The computer displays in GiTS started to look outmoded by today ’s standards , let alone compared to the future they were meant to predict .
Some of the cityscapes looked uninspiring – perhaps – in comparison to the epic computer rendered vistas of GiTS 2 .
Production IG had hit the same problem Lucas had hit with the Star Wars prequels – when you ’re making heavy SFX based science fiction , your work is always going to look dated .
Luckily then , that you can now go back and change it …
Before we talk about this anymore , lets have a look at the evidence .
By far the biggest section of the film to have been altered is the well known , and often mimicked , opening sequence , with Major Kusanagi leaping off a skyscraper to assassinate a foreign diplomat .
I ’ve grabbed some images from both versions of the film for comparison .
The first thing you notice is the palette switch , as well as how the old computer maps that open the film have been completely re-designed and rendered .
Then it hits you , every external shot in the sequence – including the Major herself – have been recreated in CGI .
And this is where I first started to have problems with GiTS 2.0 .
CGI Kusanagi does n’t look quite right .
Well , she looks fine on her own , but inter-cut with the other characters – who are still hand drawn from the orignial – she looks jarring .
Almost , at times , like you ’re watching two different films .
From here you ’re into the ‘ cyborg birth ’ opening sequence , which has also been completely redone , with much more sophisticated CGI and the same green - to - orange palette change , the again bring it more into line with the companion sequence in GiTS 2 .
Later on in the film there ’s also some CGI rendered helicopters and vehicles , although luckily the climactic spider tank battle sequence has survived untouched .
There ’s also a few minor dialogue changes , as well as a female voice actor for the Puppet Master , which makes a bit more visual sense and the plot a little easier to follow .
But otherwise the rest of the movie has remained largely untouched .
Sitting writing this after watching GiTS 2.0 for the first time only a few hours ago , I ’m still a little undecided as to how I feel about it .
One major issue i have is that I always loved the original ’s aesthetic , far more than I did it ’s sequel’s .
The video game style graphics , the green - blue palette … the whole film captured the 80’s cyberpunk vibe of Shirow ’s original manga ( all be it with a far darker , more serious tone ) as well as developing on the themes and aesthetics of works like Bladerunner and Neuromancer that came before it .
Do n’t get me wrong , I like GiTS 2 : Innocence , and I found the new palette that Oshii had brought over from Avalon appealing , but it was a different film to the original , a different world .
And I was happy with that – time had passed in the real world , and I was happy to just accept it had passed in the GiTS world too .
Things change , especially technology .
Characters had clearly aged , so why could n’t everything else had moved on as well ?
Also the beauty of the original film for me was that it did n’t actually rely too much on futuristic design and visual effects to create it ’s haunting atmosphere .
The best science fiction works because it manipulates the familiar and believable , and what truly makes GiTS a masterpiece is the noir atmosphere , Oshii ’s pacing , his slow pans , and the beautifully drawn Tokyo Hong Kong street scenes .
In fact watching it after returning from Tokyo , it ’s remarkable how un-futuristic the architecture is in GiTS , with the sequel ’s towering CGI mega - scrapers and smoggy vistas starting to look a little Fifth Element in comparison .
It ’s these things that give the original it ’s feeling of edgy , ‘ just around the corner ’ realism , and if it ’s any consolation , all of that is still here in 2.0 .
Personally there are still a lot of unanswered questions for me .
Why was this made ?
Is it just another IG tech demo ?
How much as Oshii actually involved ?
Was n’t he busy making Sky Crawlers at the time , and is this really just a marketing exercise for that movie – it having been shown at the same time at some Japanese theaters ?
Not that there ’s nothing at all to recommend this release .
As previously mentioned , the beautiful pacing and gentle street scenes are all still intact , and this is the best they ’ve ever been seen .
It ’s a great transfer , and has clearly been cleaned up in places in the process , and it ’s the better for it .
Kenji Kawai‘s legendary score has also been given an audibly noticeable remaster , and sounds stunning all over again .
I was only given the main feature , but the Japanese collectors release featured not only some interesting looking extras but also a copy of the original – although it ’s unsure whether that has been given the same gorgeous visual polish in the transition to Blu-ray .
Only time will tell what is included on any western releases .
Only one thing is certain – if you ’re a GiTS fan then you ca n’t kid yourself – you ’re going to want to see this .
Whether you end up loving it , hating it , or – like me – wondering whether it was really necessary is something still to be determined .
ありがとうございます to The Laughing Man for securing me this review copy .
The net is vast and infinite …
In the spirit of those annoying , addictive , you - know - youre - reading - them - even - though - you- wish - you - werent Facebook notes popping up everywhere , Health.com presents its list of 25 random things you might not know about the human body , nutrition and exercise , sex , sickness , and health .
Go ahead : Pass it on to your friends .
1. Rinsing your nose with salt water can help keep you healthy and ward off allergy symptoms .
2.Dogs can smell cancer and low blood sugar .
3.People who enter their home through a door near the kitchen tend to eat 15 % more than those who use the front door .
4. Youre more likely to have a heart attack on a Monday …or up to three days after youve been diagnosed with the flu or a respiratory tract infection .
5 . You cant get a tan from your computer screen .
No matter what this website tells you .
6.Obese people spend $ 485 more on clothing , $ 828 on extra plane seats , and $ 36 more on gas each year than their thinner counterparts .
7.Smokers are four times as likely to report feeling unrested after a nights sleep than nonsmokers , and are 70 % more likely to develop hearing loss .
10 . Your kitchen sink is dirtier than your bathroom :
There are typically more than 500,000 bacteria per square inch in its drain ; the faucet , basin , and sponge are crawling with germs as well .
11 . Four out of five doctors dont get enough exercise .
12 .Strawberries and baking soda can whiten teeth , garlic can help treat athletes foot , and honey can soothe a hangover .
13 . Using a food diary can double a persons weight - loss efforts .
14 . Regular exercise can lower a womans cancer risk — but only if shes getting enough sleep .
15 . Watching yourself run in a mirror can make a treadmill workout go by faster and feel easier .
16 . Third - hand smoke — the particles that cling to smokers hair and clothing and linger in a room long after theyve left — is a cancer risk to young children ( and pets ) .
20 . Vitamins dont seem to help guard against cancer or heart disease .
21 . Some men experience pain , headaches , or sneezing as a result of ejaculation .
22 . Germ -killing wipes can spread bacteria from one spot to another if you reuse them .
23 . Almonds , avocados , and arugula lettuce can boost your sex drive and improve fertility .
24 . The newest and most expensive drugs on the market may not be the best or the safest .
Top News
Gas hints at life on Mars
Posted
Jan 16 - NASA has revealed plumes of methane gas seeping from the surface of the Red Planet .
Porn star Janine Lindemulder , alias Janine M. James , was sentenced Monday in U.S. District Court to six months in federal prison for tax evasion :
U.S. Magistrate Thomas Coffin also ordered James , 40 , to live in a residential community corrections center for up to six months after her release from prison and to serve one year of supervised release .
...
During her sentencing in U.S. District Court in Eugene , Assistant U.S. Attorney Christopher Cardani said James currently owes $ 294,000 in back taxes .
James , who first appeared in Penthouse magazine as the Pet of the Month in 1987 and later appeared in more than 50 adult films , was given until March 10 to report to prison .
James was arrested following an investigation by the IRS .
Between 2000 and 2006 , during a period in which she owed $ 200,000 in federal income taxes , James spent more than $ 750,000 , investigators alleged .
She paid $ 648,000 to buy a home in Eugene in October 2005 .
She used nearly $ 182,500 from her divorce settlement from her former husband , Jesse James , owner of the West Coast Choppers motorcycle fabricator shop and host of the Monster Garage television show on the Discovery Channel , for the purchase .
In a letter to the court , Jesse James said he agreed to the settlement to help his ex-wife take care of her tax problems .
None of the money went to the IRS , according to his letter and other court documents .
Janine James claimed her ex-husband alerted the IRS and pushed for her criminal prosecution to gain leverage in a bitter custody fight over their young daughter , who turns 5 next month .
Jesse James left his then - wife while she was pregnant and later married film actress Sandra Bullock .
...
James famously posed for the cover of Blink - 182's album Enema of the State and appeared in the Howard Stern movie Private Parts .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" I did n't ask if people liked him , I asked if he was cool . "
I think the most surprising thing about the whole story is the fact that someone was taking photos of someone else doing drugs and they managed to walk away without getting beaten into a stew .
Stoners are too peaceful I guess .
Remember that guy who took those photos of Mike Tyson shooting speedballs into his eyeballs ?
Of course not - he fucking disappeared in a cloud of blood and gristle before he could release his photos to the tabloids .
I 'll go so far as to state that the very fact that we have n't seen photos of Mike Tyson inserting horrific drug cocktails into his orifices is proof that he has been doing just that , and then murdering anyone nearby with a camera or photographic memory .
So , given the grave dangers involved and knowing the complete lack of moral character Cracked readers possess ( you guys are absolutely feral sometimes ) , below I 've compiled some helpful examples on how to safely capitalize the opportunity in similar situations .
The next time you 're around a world class athlete engaging in behavior which could be described as unsavory if viewed in the unsexy light of day , just refer back to this list , which I encourage you to print out and keep on you at all times .
__ Terrell Owens swearing at a small child
The scenario :
While signing autographs , Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Terrell Owens takes offense to an imaginary slight by a small child .
He tells the child to * ^#@ .
How to capitalize on this :
There is no way to capitalize on this .
T.O. will in no way be embarrassed by this at all , and will hold a press conference on his own , during which he will call out the small child and point out their many flaws .
Roger Federer soliciting sexual services
The scenario :
You 're loitering in the prostitution district , hoping to sell some sexual services when you observe a competitor speaking with tennis star Roger Federer .
How to capitalize on this :
If you manage to get one , a photograph of this particular happening will fetch a high price .
If you can capture an angle that reveals both Federer 's face and the existence of both sets of genitals on the other party , all the better .
Derek Jeter committing tax evasion
The scenario :
While working for a tech - support hotline , you get a call from Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter , who asks for help fixing his computer .
Following your instructions , he allows you to remotely access his machine , whereupon you discover that he has not paid taxes in eight years .
How to capitalize on this : Computer evidence is easy to forge , and not very convincing .
Really , your only option here is blackmail .
The trick to getting away with blackmail is to make no threat , or offer a bargain .
Just reveal that you know , and observe that the proper thing to do is come forward .
Let the offending party offer to pay you off .
I made $ 23 off Tony Danza this way once when I saw him use the bathroom without washing his hands .
Maria Sharapova crapping on your lawn
The scenario :
You 're up late watching downloaded episodes of the Cosby Mysteries when you hear a sound outside .
Thinking it 's the newspaper arriving , you open the front door and are surprised to find tennis beauty Maria Sharapova pinching one off in the middle of your lawn .
How to capitalize on this : A photograph , again .
It should be obvious by now that keeping a camera handy whenever you 're around famous people ( or bathrooms ) is a good rule of thumb to live by .
One quirk about this particular case study is that while a tabloid will certainly be interested in a photograph of this nature , certain " alternative publications of dubious legality " ( if you know what I 'm saying ) will probably pay much , much more .
Tiger Woods people smuggling
The scenario :
You 're taking your usual walk down by the Jersey docks one morning when you happen to see golfing superstar Tiger Woods standing beside a shipping container full of Ukrainian prostitutes , as a greasy man peels bills off a large wad and hands them to him .
How to capitalize on this : Easy one : Run like hell .
If they saw you , expect a tense cat and mouse game while the world 's most enigmatic multi-racial criminal mastermind stalks you , intent on silencing you with a single gloved hand .
If you survive , you can call Crime Stoppers .
I believe they offer a small reward for information leading to the conviction of Tiger Woods .
LeBron James enriching uranium
The scenario :
You visit your neighbor , Cleveland Cavaliers small forward LeBron James , to borrow a cordless drill .
Noticing his garage door ajar , you enter to find him supervising the operation of a multistage gas centrifuge unit of his own design , the rich scent of uranium thick in the air .
How to capitalize on this : Threaten to report him at the next meeting of the Homeowners Committee .
Do it casually , like it 's something you do n't want to do , but given how strict the committee is about things like this , you really do n't have a choice , but maybe if he would n't be such a goddamned crybaby about how your hedges block the sun during the early afternoon and maybe if he would also pick up his goddamned dogs goddamned shit off your goddamned lawn you could forget what you saw .
Peyton Manning filming snuff porn
The scenario :
While answering personal ads seeking " lonely souls who few knows exist , and none will miss " you meet Superbowl winning quarterback Peyton Manning , who wants to have sex with you on a bed with rather too many knives sitting nearby .
How to capitalize on this : Manning had knee surgery during last year 's off season , and looked a little shaky for the first half of the season this year .
Strike wildly at his knees until he collapses , then flee the room and pursue a book deal immediately .
They 've been asked about that the rather frank title , to which they 've responded : " It was n't meant to be offensive , we thought of the title as a joke .
But of course , in every joke there 's a little truth " .
( And in every Mega Pizza from Pizza Hut Japan , with its crust of pigs in a blanket , there 's a filling of Italian sausage , ham , bacon , bacon bits , sliced tomato , mushroom , onion , peppers , garlic chips , basil , black pepper and tomato sauce - with maple syrup and ketchup as optional extras )
Credit : THISISWHYYOUREFAT.COM
Long - time forum member Ben Driscoll has been posting his webcomic Daisy Owl in the forum since July .
Today , we see why sometimes it 's just best to be honest about your entertainment choices .
It only gets stranger from there at DaisyOwl.com
Forty years ago , Harriet Vanger disappeared from a family gathering on the island owned and inhabited by the powerful Vanger clan .
Her body was never found , yet her uncle suspects murder and that the killer is a member of his own tightly knit but dysfunctional family .
He employs disgraced financial journalist Mikael Blomkvist and the tattooed , ruthless computer hacker Lisbeth Salander to investigate .
When the pair link Harriet 's disappearance to a number of grotesque murders from almost forty years ago , they begin to unravel a dark and appalling family history ; but , the Vangers are a secretive clan , and Blomkvist and Salander are about to find out just how far they are prepared to go to protect themselves .
Written by Music Box Films
Self - inflicted ‘union busting ’
February 7 , 2009 by lestro
by lestro
It seems the Richard Branson , the owner of Virgin Media and the new V Airlines , has no problem saying what no Boeing worker would dare even think :
“ The strike hurt hundreds of thousands of our passengers , ” Branson told reporters .
“ It messed up Virgin Atlantic , it messed up Virgin Blue in Australia , it ruined people ’s Christmas holidays .
It was absolutely and utterly ghastly . ”
He continued , “ If union leaders and management ca n’t get their act together to avoid strikes , we ’re not going to come back here again .
We ’re already thinking , ‘ Would we ever risk putting another order with Boeing ? ’
It ’s that serious . ”
Nice job Unions !
Thanks to you , Boeing ’s chief rival was able to play some catch - up and Boeing has already this year announced thousands of job cuts , partially to make up for revenue lost during the 57 - day strike , which began on Sept.
3 , right about the time the economy was circling the bowl and just a few weeks before it totally tanked , taking over every news cycle and the presidential campaign .
And what did they get while they were bringing down the company and regional economy ?
The average Machinist base wage for the past year was about $ 54,000 , and with overtime about $ 65,000 .
Extrapolating from data provided previously by Boeing , at the end of the new four - year contract in 2012 , the average base annual salary will rise to about $ 73,000 , and with overtime included about $ 85,000 .
For the record , the average national salary is about $ 30,000 and the average salary of a machinist is $ 45,000 .
So they went on strike because $ 25,000 above the national salary was n’t enough ?
Way to strike yourselves out of jobs .
You had good jobs with good benefits , but you wanted more .
Union officials had a long list of issues with the final offer from Boeing : inadequate compensation increases , especially for workers lower down on the wage ladder ; an insufficient pension increase ; costs added to the medical - benefits plan ; and refusal to commit to reducing outsourcing of future work from local factories .
Now , one of the customers himself is actually blaming the unions for his company not coming back to Boeing .
And the company does n’t need that , especially not this year .
Indeed , Boeing has started 2009 losing more orders than it has won .
Boeing said Thursday it won 18 orders in January and lost 31 through cancellations .
Branson is not the only one pointing out how the union managed to take aim and fire into its own feet :
Richard Aboulafia , an aerospace analyst with the Teal Group in Fairfax , Va. , predicts Boeing will eventually pull up its commercial airplane stakes in Seattle and follow in the auto industry ’s path to Southern states with weaker unions and right - to - work laws that diminish union power .
… Analyst Joseph Campbell , with Barclays Capital , agrees .
“ Boeing is now more likely than less likely to take work out of the Pacific Northwest and put it somewhere else where they think people will be more grateful , ’’ he said .
“ It ’s not vengeful — just business . ”
Thanks , unions !
Way to eat your young !
Jim Hugunin's Thinking Dynamic
2/7/2020
2 minutes to read
In this article
Dynamic Languages on .NET - IronPython and Beyond
I 'm quite excited that IronPython in Action is published .
I had the chance to write the ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 04/14/2009
I ’m at the Microsoft Professional Developer conference in sunny LA where I ’ve given an overview talk ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 10/29/2008
I 'd like to take a detour from discussing the DLR 's type system to start talking about ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 05/15/2007
The core of the DLR 's type system is based on passing messages to objects .
This is n't exactly a new ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 05/04/2007
I 'm very excited by the level of interest that I 'm seeing from folks who want to better understand ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 05/02/2007
First , my apologies for not posting my first entry on the type system yesterday .
I was completely ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 05/02/2007
Today , at MIX 07 , we announced a new level of support for dynamic languages on .NET that we 're ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 04/30/2007
I ’m extremely happy to announce that we have released IronPython 1.0 today !
I started work on ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 09/05/2006
We ’re looking for a few exceptionally talented individuals with dynamic language experience ( Python , ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 01/05/2006
I 'm at least the third blogger to announce the release of IronPython 1.0 beta 1 after Martin ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 01/03/2006
I recently taped a set of IronPython demos and they 're now up on the MSDN web site .
It shows some ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 11/22/2005
We shipped the .NET Framework 2.0 !
Okay , I know that I ’m not close to the first person to announce ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 11/18/2005
I 'm excited to announce the public release of IronPython 0.7.1 .
The community site is up on ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 04/05/2005
You may have noticed that I 've been really bad about writing in this blog since I joined Microsoft ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 10/11/2004
For my first blog entry I wanted to write an article explaining what a dynamic language is .
Since I ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 08/23/2004
Hi !
I ’ve just finished my second week working at Microsoft .
Now that I 'm starting to settle in I can ...
Author : Jim Hugunin Date : 08/13/2004
