Gingrich says too many ' do not appreciate the scale of the threat that is evolving on the planet . '
VIDEO : Newt : I would 've disabled missile
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich told “ Fox News Sunday ” that he would have disabled the long - range missile before North Korea launched it , saying too many people “ do not appreciate the scale of the threat that is evolving on the planet . ”
“ One morning , just like 9/11 , there ’s going to be a disaster , ” Gingrich said .
“ I have yet to see the United Nations do anything effective with either Iran or North Korea . ”
Advertisement
Reacting to President Barack Obama ’s speech in Prague , Gingrich called the plan for a Global Summit on Nuclear Security a “ wonderful fantasy idea , ” saying Russia and other nations ca n’t be trusted .
“ What are they going to promise , and why would we believe them ? ” Gingrich said .
“ It ’s very dangerous to have a fantasy foreign policy , and it can get you in enormous trouble . ”
Host Chris Wallace asked Gingrich : “ So you ’re saying that President Gingrich would have taken out that ” missile ?
Gingrich replied : “ There are three or four techniques that could have been used , from unconventional forces to standoff capabilities , to say : ‘ We ’re not going to tolerate a North Korean missile launch , period . ’
I mean , the world ’s either got to decide that North Korea is utterly dangerous …
I ’d recommend , look at electromagnetic pulse , which changes every … equation about how risky these weapons are . ”
South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , appearing with Gingrich , said : “ In the countryside of South Carolina , at some point , you ’ve got to back up words with action . …
There have been a long series of … intentional steps on North Korea ’s part , and little in the way of actions from the standpoint of either America or the international community . ”
A waxwork of Adolf Hitler before a 41 - year - old man tore its head off from the controversial exhibit on the opening day of Berlin 's Madame Tussauds July 5 , 2008 is seen in this July 3 , 2008 file photo .
REUTERS / Tobias Schwarz / Files
BERLIN ( Reuters ) - A German court fined an unemployed man 900 euros ( $ 1,227 ) Tuesday for knocking the head off a waxwork figure of Adolf Hitler in a Berlin museum .
Minutes after the Madame Tussauds museum opened in the German capital in July , the 42 - year - old pushed past security staff ripped off its head .
The man , an ex-policeman , said he found it inappropriate to display an exhibit showing the Nazi leader only some 500 meters from Berlin ’s Holocaust memorial .
The waxwork of a glum - looking Hitler in a mock bunker stirred debate in Germany even before it went on display .
Critics argued it was tasteless to display a replica of the man who unleashed World War Two and ordered the extermination of Europe ’s Jews .
Madame Tussauds said the museum avoided politics , arguing Hitler stood for a significant part of German history and his waxwork therefore had a legitimate part in the exhibition .
The restored figure was returned to the museum in September and is now displayed behind a glass wall .
About 25 workers spent about four months on the original waxwork , using more than 2,000 pictures and pieces of archive material and also guided by a model of the “ Fuehrer ” in the London branch of Madame Tussauds .
The wax figure has been cited as the latest in a gradual breaking down of taboos about Hitler in Germany more than 60 years after the end of the war and the Holocaust in which some six million Jews were killed .
The 2004 film “ Downfall ” provoked controversy as it portrayed the leader in a human light during the last days of his life .
In 2007 , a satire about Hitler by Swiss - born Jewish director Dani Levy was released in Germany .
It is illegal in Germany to show Nazi symbols and art glorifying Hitler .
Bill in Texas would allow creationists to grant Masters of Science degrees Joe Byrne
Published : Saturday March 21 , 2009
Print This Email This
If a private college does n't receive funds from any governmental organization , should they have to be held to any standards or requirements when they award degrees ?
No , one Texan lawmaker is insisting .
Texas State Representative Leo Berman has proposed House Bill 2800 , which would exempt any private non-profit institution that requires students to complete substantive course work from having to acquire a certificate of authority from the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board ( THECB ) .
 If you dont take any federal funds , if you dont take any state funds , you can do a lot more than some business that does take state funding or federal funding ,  Berman says .
 Why should you be regulated if you dont take any state or federal funding ? 
Because creationism is n't science , critics argue .
Berman admits that his ' inspiration ' for the bill was the Institute for Creation Research Graduate School , a Young Earth Creationism institution that has been trying to achieve certification in Texas for two years .
Young Earth Creationism , much more popular than the recent Intelligent Design Creationism , is essentially Biblical literalism 
Earth is 10,000 years old , Noah 's Flood occurred , Adam and Eve were real people .
ICRGS insists that they teach more than just  Biblical Creationism , " which is based only on the word of the Bible ; they also have incorporated tenets of  Scientific Creationism  into their bylaws .
Most of these relate to origins of Earth and the evolution of species .
Originally the creationist research branch of Christian Heritage College in San Diego , the ICRGS was forced to split from that college when California regulators threatened to take away its certification .
Now , the ICRGS operates mostly online , and its Masters of Science Degree is recognized by California and federal law .
According to its website , however , Texas residents cannot receive a degree .
Degree - granting colleges and universities in Texas currently must be issued a certificate of authority by the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board .
The certificate allows the holder to grant a degree that a graduate would need to apply for a teaching position in a Texas public school .
If House Bill 2800 was made into law , only state - funded colleges and universities would have to report to THECB ; everyone else would be free to design their curriculums without any regulation .
Critics of Berman 's bill are enraged , claiming that it will de-legitimize any degree coming out of Texas .
Eugenie Scott , executive director for the National Center for Science Education , told Foxnews.com that all you have to do ... is start a non -profit organization , dont take any federal or state money , and then offer degrees in any fool subject you want .
Teaching that the Earth is only 10,000 years old is a little irregular in modern science . 
In June 2006 , the Institute for Creation Research established the Henry M. Morris Center for Christian Leadership in Dallas , Texas .
ICR said that the move to Texas occurred because of a more central national location , proximity to a major airport , and a greater suitable population for their ministry .
However , accreditation for their graduate program is still not recognized under Texas law .
According to their website , " ICR is currently examining its legal options regarding how it can best serve the educational ' gaps ' of Texas residents . "
An extensive article by Steven Schafersman of Texas Citizens for Science detailing the long history of ICRGS and its quest for certification can be found here .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
NAIROBI , Kenya ( CNN ) -- A Kenyan man has sued activists who called on women to boycott sex to protest the growing divide in the nation 's coalition government .
James Kimondo said the seven - day sex ban , which ended this week , resulted in stress , mental anguish , backaches and lack of sleep , his lawyer told the state - run Kenya Broadcasting Corp .
The lawsuit filed Friday claims lack of conjugal rights affected Kimondo 's marriage and seeks undisclosed damages from the G - 10 , an umbrella group for women 's activists , KBC said .
The women 's caucus caused a national debate when it urged women to withhold sex to protest increasingly frosty relations between President Mwai Kibaki and Prime Minister Raila Odinga .
Citizens of the east African nation are frustrated by a shaky coalition government , which was formed after post-election violence killed more than 1,000 people in 2008 .
The wrangling between Kibaki and Odinga has sparked fears of more violence .
Gender activists say they are not worried about the lawsuit .
" I have not been served with the papers , but I was told they are coming and I am eagerly waiting , " said Ann Njogu , executive , director of Centers for Rights Education and Awareness .
" It will be interesting to see the face of a man who is not willing to abstain for the sake of his country . "
Do n't Miss Kenyan women ban sex over political reform
Despite the lawsuit , Njogu said , the boycott was successful .
" The principal leaders met as a result of the boycott , and I understand that they are setting up reforms to look into the country 's internal security , " she said .
Plans are under way for women activists to meet with Kibaki and Odinga , according to Njogu .
CNN 's Faith Karimi contributed to this report .
All About Kenya
On Saturday , 3,000 people gathered at John Jay public high school for the Brooklyn Food Conference , a grassroots , volunteer - organized discussion around the state of our food system , featuring keynote talks by Dan Barber , Anna Lappé , Raj Patel , and LaDonna Redmond .
Along with these talks were 70 workshops throughout the classrooms of the school , on subjects as varied as growing your own food , starting a co-op and the value of breastfeeding .
According to the accompanying bright yellow guide , one of the goals of this event was to “ bring Brooklynites together to demand — and participate in creating — a vital , healthy , and just food system available to everyone . ”
By my assessment , that is just what ’s begun to happen .
Kicking off the day , Dan Barber gave a chef ’s perspective on sustainability ( speech text here ) through a story about two fish he has served , each labeled ‘ sustainable . ’
He found out the first fish was receiving chicken in its feed , which the grower thought sustainable because they were taking advantage of the waste produced by the chicken industry .
Grossed out , Barber began to use the second instead , which grew as a part of the recuperation of an entire ecosystem , “ a farm that does n’t feed its animals and measures its success by the health of its predators . ”
He warned , “ We are on the verge of an ecological credit crisis , and it ’s going to make this economic credit crisis a walk in the park . ”
In order to reverse this , he seemed to say , we have to rebuild farms and communities .
The next speaker was Raj Patel , ( speech text here ) who was not at all shy about talking about the possible relationship between Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations ( CAFOs ) and swine flu :
Get the latest articles in your inbox .
CAFO does n’t really do justice to what was going on there .
In this sort of feedlot and slaughterhouse , 950,000 swine a year are killed .
950,000 .
Of course , 950,000 pigs produce a ton of waste .
And that waste was very poorly regulated , and the people in the city near this pork - processing facility fell ill .
About 60 % of them came down with mysterious flu - like symptoms about three weeks ago .
The Mexican press covered it .
Of course , the US press did n’t .
He laid some of the blame on NAFTA :
NAFTA made it safe for Smithfield to have its large factory in Mexico .
NAFTA displaced farmers into the cities , but NAFTA also made it safe for large corporations to come in and start marketing their processed food products very heavily to Mexicans .
And that ’s why today the world ’s second most obese country is Mexico .
And the closer you get to the US border , the fatter Mexican teenagers , for example , are likely to be .
That is a consequence of NAFTA .
Patel proposed that the answer to these problems is political — to take back our food system and in order to do this , to take back our politics .
He accused many of us of thinking of our new president as “ the pizza delivery dude of change ” — as in , we are sitting at home waiting for a delivery of “ hot , fresh , steaming change . ”
But as Patel is wont to do , he left us with something positive .
He had just come from Mexico , where he was visiting a group of people who were wearing masks , but not because of swine flu .
They were Zapitistas .
He highlighted this group because of their good governance councils , where residents rotate on and off the council every week .
They even have a sign when you enter their territory : “ Welcome to Zapatista territory .
Here the people lead and the government listens . ”
Rounding out the morning , LaDonna Redmond came to the stage to remind us that our current unjust food system was built on the backs of individuals — through slavery and exploitation of Native Americans , African Americans and now Mexican immigrants .
Furthermore , she said , we have never had a just food system .
“ Our unjust food system hides the faces of those it does n’t want you to see , ” she said , like the factory farm workers , the slaughterhouse workers , and those harvesting our food .
She spoke about defining green jobs as those that pay a living wage , have a career ladder and protect the environment at the same time .
She also pushed us to redefine agriculture a green job before we demand that Van Jones allocate money for farming .
( Later on she even read a poem about recovering from previous ways of thinking , which was beautiful and inspiring — is there anything this woman ca n’t do ?
I doubt it . )
Following these inspiring talks were the workshops .
Unfortunately , I could only choose three workshops — and honestly , I would have enjoyed going to most of these sessions — but there was only so much time .
I ’d love to hear about your experiences and read your notes from workshops like Climate Change and the World ’s Food Supply ; Challenging Big Food : How Food Transnationals Harm Our Health and Environment and How to Fight Back ; Food Sovereignty North and South : People ’s Control Over Their Own Food ; Food Rebellions ;
The Perils of a Globalized Food Supply : Trade Policy and How to Change It ; Passing the Hoe : Our New Farmers Share Stories and Experiences — you get the idea , there were lots of great workshops to sit in on .
The downside to so many great workshops besides choosing only three was almost missing lunch and totally missing the expos , which were filled with interesting people doing a variety of things to change the food system .
Next time , my suggestion to BFC organizers is to have keynotes , lunch and expos fill conference day one , and to move the workshops to a separate day or convert them into weekly ‘ salons ’ to discuss all of these pressing topics .
The first workshop I attended focused on Organizing in the Obama Era , featuring Leslie Hatfield , editor of the Green Fork , as moderator , Winton Wedderburn , organizer of social media for the Brooklyn Food Conference , Naomi Starkman , editor here at Civil Eats and media maven for Consumers Union , and Natasha Chart , editor of Change.org ’s Sustainable Food blog .
The workshop operated like a crash course , discussing the tools helping to build this movement online , from action alerts to the power of blogs , Facebook and Twitter .
We sort of take the internet for granted these days , but Hatfield reminded us that “ the internet is the greatest hope for solving the problems we face ” – in our food system , our environment and more , no other tool has the potential to organize so many so quickly into coalitions .
The second workshop I attended was titled Our Meat Industrial Complex : Hazardous to Our Health and Our Environment .
Moderated by Kerry Trueman of Eating Liberally , the panel featured Brigid Sweeney , the farmer outreach coordinator for the Animal Welfare Approved program , Gowri Koneswaran , who works for the US Humane Society on animal agricultural impacts , farmer and physician Ken Jaffe of Slope Farms , and Alex Patton from Food & Water Watch .
This informative panel focused on all you need to know about CAFOs : the pollution they produce , the unavoidable mistreatment of animals in these unwieldy settings and how you can play a role in changing bad practices .
The session was great whether you were new to these topics , as Koneswaran gave a spectacular overview with a powerpoint presentation and Sweeney filled in the blanks with an equally interesting powerpoint on labeling sustainble meat , or you were more advanced , Jaffe spoke in more detail about the science behind corn in a rumen stomach .
The third workshop I attended was Defending Against Genetically Engineered Food : Saving Seeds , featuring Ken Greene of the Hudson Valley Seed Library , writer and producer of the Bioneers conference , J.P. Harpignies , Howard Brandstein , co-founder of SOS Food and Executive Director of Sixth Street Community Center ( Home to my CSA share ! ) , and Bazelais Jean - Baptiste , and agronomist for Seeds for Haiti .
In this talk , we got an overview from Harpignies of the issues behind the use of genetically modified seeds , notably a question of what belongs to everyone and what should be privatized — seeds having been a fundamental community right for centuries before big agriculture came along and patented them .
The panel focused on what to do about the issue , with Brandstein focusing on a campaign to erradicate GMOs , and to have them labeled , Jean - Baptiste talking about Haiti ’s plight trying to become once again food secure , and Greene discussing his seed library , where members take part in seed saving , which the Hudson Valley Seed Library also teaches .
What was most inspiring for me was the fact that 40 people were crowded into the Old Stone House in Park Slope to talk about GMOs .
I think the tide is shifting , and as Monsanto and others have begun out of fear of losing their bottom line to try to expand their PR campaign to the comment sections of this and other blogs , we will continue to inform and dessiminate appropriate information about GMOs and the roles these companies play in tainting and controlling the world food supply .
Some of the other goals of this conference included : to “ create an agenda and constituent base for legislating food democracy in Brooklyn ; organize neighborhood meetings ; influence public policy by educating officials and showing them the depth and diversity of public interest ; create a useful , cross - referenced directory of attendees ; help partner organizations grow their constituencies by offering attendees avenues for action . ”
Sadly , I missed all of the sessions with politicians , where consumers were given a chance to be heard — but this was an important way to make change on that same day .
The Brooklyn Food Conference ended Saturday night , but before parting coordinator Nancy Romer announced a series of “ neighborhood meetings ” in two weeks , which will be detailed on the Brooklyn Food Conference website by the end of this week , to form coalitions and to follow - up on the conference .
I for one will be in attendance at one of these neighborhood meetings , and will keep you updated on how New York City is doing on its food system .
Closing the conference , a pregnant Anna Lappé asked , “ where is the outrage , ” referring to her pregnancy books outlining the diet an expectant mother should adhere to , including fish without mercury .
She asked , “ Why are n’t we asking , ‘ Why is there mercury in our fish ? ' ”
I think by connecting us to each other , mobilizing our minds to focus on the variety of important topics we now face , bringing our representatives to hear about these issues , and by following up with neighborhood meetings , this community organized event should be a model for future events , and could be the beginning of a real change to our food system .
The report set out to answer how this overhaul affected student performance in school districts that had spent the least per student on education before the state began its effort compared with those that spent the most .
The lowest spenders were mostly small , outlying suburbs , rural towns , and a few cities , such as Lawrence and Springfield , while the biggest spenders were generally wealthy suburbs and a few cities , such as Boston .
The Education Reform
Act established a new system for funding local schools , based on a formula that took into account - among other things - student demographics and per-student spending at that time .
It also created a set of statewide academic standards and the Massachusetts Comprehensive Assessment System tests to assess whether these goals are being met .
" Whether increases in state aid are enough to adjust the cost of serving these students we do n't know , " said one of the report 's authors , Thomas Downes , an associate professor of economics at Tufts University .
" I think the difficulty these districts face is going up and up and up . "
Yet the extra cash delivered under the education bill did little to narrow the achievement gap between high - and low - spending districts because test scores often increased at similar rates .
The report also warned that much work remains in wiping away , or at least chipping away , at the gaps in performance that persist among students of different demographic backgrounds , especially among low - income students and nonnative English speakers .
This cautionary note looms large over the otherwise significant gains achieved over the past 15 years , including steady improvement on state and national standardized tests and increased equity among school districts on per-pupil spending .
In fact , had the state not infused millions of dollars into public schools and adopted rigorous academic standards , the achievement gap between low - and high - spending districts would have widened considerably , said the report , funded by Bank of America .
The changing demographics call into question the likelihood of the state meeting the bold vision of its overhaul effort : that all students , regardless of their ZIP code , can achieve at their highest levels , according to the report , " Incomplete Grade : Massachusetts Education Reform at 15 " by MassINC . , a nonpartisan public policy research and educational institute .
Those findings pale in comparison to a 272 percent increase in low - income students in Randolph , where years of Draconian budget cuts have prompted middle - class families to shun the school system , causing the percentage of low - income students to swell to 43.1 percent .
In Brockton and Everett , the percentage of low - income students during that period more than doubled to well above 50 percent , while in Revere , it nearly doubled to 62.3 percent .
Surging levels of poverty and immigration present some of the most serious obstacles to boosting student achievement , according to a new report being released today that examines the first 15 years of the state 's 1993 Education Reform Act .
To predict what may have happened had the state not overhauled public education , researchers examined test scores for fourth - and eighth - graders in math and English under the old state testing system , starting in 1988 , and then projected out test performance based on those scores after the exam was phased out in the mid-1990s .
That data predicted that the lowest spenders would have experienced a marked decline in performance while top spenders ' performance would have risen .
They then compared those results to how the districts actually did under MCAS , which premiered in 1998 and is based on statewide academic standards for every grade level that were created under the reform law .
Both groups largely experienced increases .
Researchers do not know for certain what is causing some school districts to experience changing demographics , but they suspect that middle - class flight from some districts and the settlement of new immigrant families , many of whom are struggling to make ends meet , are significant factors .
In many cases , the affected school districts , mostly urban centers with reasonably priced housing , are seeing simultaneous increases in low - income students and nonnative speakers of English .
Paul Reville , the state 's education secretary , said Massachusetts has done well in holding schools accountable for test results , but now needs to devote more attention to developing programs to help academically struggling students .
" Our achievement gaps are quite wide and have not closed appreciably , " said Reville , noting that Governor Deval Patrick 's 10 - year overhaul of public education aims to shrink the gaps .
Finding money could be difficult , however , because the state 's economy appears to be in a tailspin , said the report .
As it is , many districts have not fully recovered from staffing and program cuts earlier this decade when a milder recession prompted state officials to reduce school aid .
Everett confronts the challenges daily .
In addition to high levels of poverty , more than 40 percent of students do not speak English as their first language and nearly 10 percent of students speak only limited English .
" Many immigrant families do n't have the resources other families have to buy their youngsters books to read or take youngsters to historical sites that are so abundant in our area , " said Thomas Stella , the school system 's assistant superintendent .
" They do n't have the same opportunities .
As a result they play catch up for a good portion of the school year . "
Richard Silverman , Randolph school superintendent , said the state funding mechanism created under the Education Reform
Act does not adequately address the complex problems faced by the poorest school districts .
" The current formula , as progressive as it tried to be , is n't sufficient , " Silverman said .
" Few if any social service agencies are serving Randolph . . . .
Much support for kids and families has to come through the schools .
Randolph is trying to do that but needs additional help . "
James Vaznis can be reached at jvaznis@globe.com .
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company .
The Motion Picture Association of America has put itself back into the limelight as the DMCA exemptions hearings wraps up , thanks to a video circulating online suggesting teachers should use camcorders to record video instead of ripping DVD clips for classroom use .
Though this suggestion has been floating around for some time now , the MPAA 's attempt to push such a convoluted ( and more costly ) process into the classroom only highlights the industry 's desperation to keep people away from DVD ripping — even when what they 're doing falls into the category of fair use .
The video , posted on Vimeo , is actually of MPAA execs showing another video ( meant to instruct teachers ) to the US Copyright Office .
The MPAA was showing the video as part of the triennial DMCA exemptions review , when all sides of the copyright debate whip out as much ammo as they can in an attempt to get the law extended to allow certain behaviors ( or disallow , as the case may be ) for the next three years .
MPAA shows how to videotape a TV set
In the video , the MPAA suggests that teachers who want to use movie clips as part of their curricula should use a camcorder to record the movie off of a TV set , and that this is an acceptable way to use video clips without breaking a DVD 's copyright protections .
Nevermind that this solution results in video of questionable quality and requires teachers to learn even more tech in order to get the job done .
It also requires schools ( or , given the way most schools are run , the teachers themselves ) to incur additional costs to purchase camcorders and videotapes if they do n't have them already .
Add in the extra time involved , and this " solution " is a laughably convoluted alternative to simply ripping a clip from a DVD .
Granted , teachers who want to rip DVD clips may still have to learn a bit in order to create a finished product , but that process still involves less equipment and fewer steps , not to mention a better - quality video .
And , let 's not forget that US copyright law already offers exemptions to teachers who want to use copyrighted clips for educational use — they should n't have to jump through hoops to get those same clips just because the MPAA insists on continuing to fight the already lost battle to keep people from ripping DVDs .
An 888 word history of
The Atari 2600 Webserver
During the early AM hours when humanclock.com is n't so busy , the Atari is taken offline and the security guards team up against the web guys on Maze Craze .
Note : " Hunt & Score " is an educational game , not some sort of dating game .
During the early AM hours when humanclock.com is n't so busy , the Atari is taken offline and the security guards team up against the web guys on Maze Craze .
Note : " Hunt & Score " is an educational game , not some sort of dating game .
The complex rewiring was done in " Vapour Circuitry " , thus when I opened up the original prototype machine to take a photograph , the airtight seal was broken .
All of the circuitry turned into a gaseous state and was released into the air .
Unfortunately , all that was left over was the original Atari 2600 wiring as shown here .
The complex rewiring was done in " Vapour Circuitry " , thus when I opened up the original prototype machine to take a photograph , the airtight seal was broken .
All of the circuitry turned into a gaseous state and was released into the air .
Unfortunately , all that was left over was the original Atari 2600 wiring as shown here .
We hoped to find a use for those bottom buttons on the Star Raiders controller , but only ended up using the one labeled above
We hoped to find a use for those bottom buttons on the Star Raiders controller , but only ended up using the one labeled above
Plugged in and storing numbers !
( currently storing the number 86400 , thus using up very precious system RAM ) Plugged in and storing numbers !
( currently storing the number 86400 , thus using up very precious system RAM )
Tried calling to get a wiring schematic , but nobody answered .
Got desperate and emailed a friend in California who got the same result Tried calling to get a wiring schematic , but nobody answered .
Got desperate and emailed a friend in California who got the same result
RF out port rewired to handle an RJ - 45 RF out port rewired to handle an RJ - 45
Screen shot from the Webserver cartridge
Date : May 2nd , 2002
To : webpeople
From : Darci Crash , technical lead
Subject : new webserver
Pros :
* unit is an original 6 - switch model Atari 2600 , thus giving humanclock.com the image of being " retro- cool " instead of just " retro " .
Nerdy Humanclock staff members might even be able to pick up nerdy girls with the unit .
* during the early am hours when traffic is minimal , we can take the webserver cartridge offline and use the Atari unit to play Missle Command .
Judging by current political agendas , it looks like it might come handy someday .
Cons :
* system only has 128 bytes of memory .
This means we cannot use the webserver to actually serve any images .
Looks like we will only be able to use the new webserver to store the amount of people who have clicked on the page about girls
* requires 3 volts more power than the Tandy webserver , accounting / budget departement is n't going to like the extra 32 cents per year it will take to run this thing .
* I 'm uneasy about this whole thing , I think that quote from Steven Levy 's " Hackers " book says it best , this is something " akin to the courting of the bitch goddess of disaster " .
Date : May 2nd , 2002 To : webpeopleFrom : Darci Crash , technical leadSubject : new webserver Pros :* unit is an original 6 - switch model Atari 2600 , thus giving humanclock.com the image of being " retro- cool " instead of just " retro " .
Nerdy Humanclock staff members might even be able to pick up nerdy girls with the unit .* during the early am hours when traffic is minimal , we can take the webserver cartridge offline and use the Atari unit to play Missle Command .
Judging by current political agendas , it looks like it might come handy someday .
Cons :* system only has 128 bytes of memory .
This means we cannot use the webserver to actually serve any images .
Looks like we will only be able to use the new webserver to store the amount of people who have clicked on the page about girls running naked through the streets of Washington .* requires 3 volts more power than the Tandy webserver , accounting / budget departement is n't going to like the extra 32 cents per year it will take to run this thing . *
I 'm uneasy about this whole thing , I think that quote from Steven Levy 's " Hackers " book says it best , this is something " akin to the courting of the bitch goddess of disaster " .
( Note : Since I ran out of funny things to say about the Atari 2600 Webserver , this sentence is here to make this entire page exactly 888 words , no more , no less , just 888 words exactly .
Word up ! )
Due to the increasing popularity of humanclock.com , the server load of the Tandy Model 100 webserver proved to be more than it could handle .
Humanclock.com 's technical staff recommended a new webserver be added immediately .
After a years worth of actual meetings , meetings about meetings , ignorant infighting , elevated egos , and beligerent backstabbing ; Humanclock.com 's middle management determined that a new webserver was indeed needed , and it had been their idea from the start .
Due to blowing the budget on meetings , the new webserver would yet again have to be created from something in the basement .
The office basement was searched for an electronic device .
Several items were located .
The first candidate was a very rare Texas Instruments ' Speak & Swear .
This item was purchased at a 1987 yard sale in Naches , Washington .
The Speak & Swear 's history is bleak to say the least .
Texas Instruments created the popular Speak & Spell , Speak & Read , and Speak & Math devices as fun educational toys .
Studies showed that kids using these devices excelled over their peers in spelling , reading and math .
The downside was this also increased the amount of physical abuse from the jealous stupid kids .
TI 's marketing department did n't want their client base being beaten to a pulp on the playground .
They realized they needed to make these smart kids sound tougher , hence the Speak and Swear was created .
Anyway , we are off on a hypotenuse .
Back to the Atari webserver .
Several old Atari 2600 VCS units were located in the basement .
One engineer noted that " VCS " stood for " Video Computer System " , therefore this " computer " could indeed be used as a webserver .
Someone pointed out that the Atari 2600 only has only .000125 MB of RAM .
( 128 Bytes ) . ( see memo below ) .
An original 6 - switch model was selected for the webserver , mostly for the same vain reasons a vintage clawfoot bathtub was put into the employee bathroom .
It just looked cooler .
The webserver is controlled by the " Star Raiders " controller .
The main reason was because we wanted to finally have a use for all those bottom buttons that the Star Raiders game never utilized .
This ended up being counterproductive , since the only button used on the controller was the original button labeled " Computer On / Off " .
Cartridge built , controller working , now all that was left was to modify the 2600 unit to handle Ethernet .
An Atari 2600 wiring schematic was needed .
Conveniently there were two 800 numbers on the back of the unit .
These numbers were called , but unfortunately they were disconnected .
A bunch of forgotten details later , after a lot of error and a bit of trial , the Atari 2600 Webserver came to life .
guest post by Burstein !
In light of the awesomtastic bike trick video of Danny MacAskil currently making the rounds on the internet , it is worth reflecting on the storied and great history of bike tricks .
There is a video of archival film featuring bicycle tricks whose description identifies the rider as Thomas A. Edison , however in fact , there is evidence that this is not the case .
The Edison Cataglog of Rutgers University have been organizing and publishing the 5 million pages of documents left behind by Edison .
Within these documents are a series of kinetoscope films made by Edison Motion Pictures , and some ( if not all ) are documented on IMDB .
According to the Edison Catalog and IMDB , the rider is not Edison but rather a certain “ Neidert . ”
This has some corroboration as Eugene A. Neidert has been documented in the December 26th , 1893 , edition of the New York Times [ PDF ] giving a “ clever exhibition of trick riding . ”
In an article in today ’s New York Times , I wrote about the controversy over the now - abandoned plan by Time Warner Cable to impose additional fees on customers who upload and download more than a set quota .
AT&T continues to test a similar plan , and many cable and phone company executives still argue that usage is growing so fast , mainly driven by video that they need to start charging heavy users to cover the additional cost of the bandwidth they consume .
Hard numbers are not that easy to come by , but I ’ve found a few .
I see no evidence that the pace of spending to expand network capacity has increased at all .
Indeed there are a lot of areas where new technology is radically cutting the cost of Internet bandwidth .
For those that want to understand more about what drives these costs , here is some of the hard data I ’ve found .
( As always , Bits readers are a knowledgeable bunch , so if you are in the network business , please share your own experience in the comments . )
I ’ve mainly been looking at the costs that will increase as the bandwidth used by customers goes up .
So I have n’t looked at overhead , marketing , customer service and so on .
All of the discussion of cost is complex because much of the infrastructure at these providers is shared between video , phone and Internet service .
Still , there seem to be two major buckets of expense to consider : the cost of local networks that connect to people ’s homes and the cost of the bandwidth that link those networks to the Internet .
The local costs are larger , but falling faster with new technology .
Local Network Costs
Think of a broadband Internet provider like a river of bandwidth that divides into smaller and smaller tributaries as it flows from a regional hub through neighborhood facilities until it trickles a stream of connectivity into each home .
Each connection in this network , and each node where connections are split into smaller streams , has a set capacity .
Most of the network for any Internet provider is high - capacity fiber optic cable .
But the last link , running from a neighborhood office or a small device hung on a phone pole — runs over cable TV or phone wires .
In a cable system , there is a fixed amount of bandwidth that is shared among all the customers in a node , often about 500 homes .
That capacity , in current technology , provides about 38 megabits per second to share .
That means if four homes are all downloading very long files at 10 Mbps , a fifth customer going online , will start to slow down everyone ’s connections .
If that node often becomes congested , the cable company divides it into two separate groups of roughly half as many homes .
This process of “ splitting nodes ” happens on a regular basis .
( While the details are not the same , phone companies that use D.S.L. technology also have to spend money when usage in a given neighborhood increases beyond a certain capacity . )
In a presentation to investors in 2007 , Comcast boasted about how its network is designed to make such node splits efficient .
The cost depends on the configuration of the equipment at the node to be split .
In some cases , little more than minor adjustments are needed , and the cost is $ 2,500 .
If the company needs to add a new Cable Modem Termination System , the device that connects cable wires to the Internet , it will pay $ 6,000 if the device is in one of its existing facilities .
And if Comcast needs install a new C.M.T.S. on a pole , stringing a new fiber optic cable to it , the cost is $ 20,000 .
According to Comcast ’s presentation , the average cost of all these upgrades comes to $ 6.85 for each home served in the neighborhood .
I checked with Tony Werner , the chief technical officer of Comcast .
He said the costs quoted are still roughly accurate , but the average may be increasing somewhat as more of the company ’s upgrades involve new equipment and sometimes new fiber .
The other way that cable companies are increasing capacity is by using new technology known as Docsis 3 .
This is a standard that allows companies to use more video channels for Internet service .
The current standard uses one video channel .
The first generation of Docsis 3 service combines four 38 - Mbps channels into a pool of roughly 152 Mbps that can be divided among customers .
Cable companies can decide whether to use that capacity to offer higher speeds to customers or to increase the number of customers who can be served at slower speeds , avoiding the need to split nodes .
The Comcast presentation said that the effect of this is that Docsis 3 will reduce the cost of the C.M.T.S. hardware , which had been about $ 20 per home passed , by 70 percent , for customers at current speeds .
And it will allow 100 - Mbps service at a lower hardware cost than the company had been paying for its then current 6 - Mbps service .
There is one other hidden cost of Docsis 3 that should be noted :
When a cable company converts 3 more channels from video to Internet service , it ca n’t make money from those channels by offering a video package or pay - per - view movies .
But most cable systems are in the process of converting to an all - digital format from the current approach that mixes analog signals ( which can be watched without a set - top box on an older “ cable - ready ” television ) with digital signals .
This is mainly being driven by the need for extra capacity to handle high definition programs .
A company can send 10 standard - definition channels or 2 high - definition channels in the space of one analog channel .
All that means is that there is not a shortage of channels for use by Internet data , at least for a while .
Bandwidth Costs
It ’s even harder to get hard numbers for the cost of connecting a local network to the Internet .
As you might expect , the costs vary enormously depending on the geography involved .
I spent a fair bit of time working through the options with George King , the president of Global Capacity , a firm that helps companies negotiate and buy Internet connections , and Julie Dillenbeck , the firm ’s vice president of marketing .
A medium - sized Internet provider might pay about $ 10,000 per month for a one gigabit per second connection to the Internet .
If the system did n’t own its own network in the metropolitan area , it may need to spend another $ 2,000 to $ 15,000 per month for a connection between a local system and the central office of whatever company was providing their Internet bandwidth .
Assuming that bandwidth is divided among nodes of 500 homes sharing 38 Mbps , that means the cost of bandwidth ranges from 76 cents to $ 1.92 per month .
Mr. King added that the cost for a very large Internet provider that owns a backbone network would likely be less .
In general , this cost is linear .
That means if everyone started using a lot of Internet video , and a cable system split all their 500 home nodes in half , the cost of the Internet bandwidth would double .
That cost , however , has been declining steadily , perhaps 5 percent to 10 percent a year , Ms. Dillenbeck said .
That tracks with what I ’ve heard from Mr. Werner of Comcast and other cable industry experts I ’ve talked to , who say that the bandwidth costs are rising somewhat but they are a relatively small portion of the overall expense of providing Internet service .
All these costs , by the way , apply whether or not anyone on the system is actually surfing or downloading anything .
I asked Mr. King to help me figure out what a cable company pays per gigabyte used by its customers because Time Warner wanted to charge customers $ 1 for every gigabyte they used over a certain monthly allotment .
He told me that telecommunications providers will not sell bandwidth by the gigabyte to businesses , even though many customers want to buy it that way .
For example , some movie studios that send large files to DVD manufacturing plants , do n’t want to pay for connections they only use from time to time .
“ The network providers almost always say ‘ No , ' ” Mr. King said .
“ As long as the bandwidth is open for business , it will cost you the same whether there is data running or not . ”
In other words , the cable and phone companies want to charge consumers per gigabyte even though they refuse to sell it to business customers on the same basis .
Dr Ben Goldacre , who writes the Guardian 's " Bad Science " column , blogged about a UK radio DJ 's irresponsible reporting on vaccination , including the 44 minute radio show in audio form ( he could have edited down , but he did n't want to be accused of selective editing ) .
In response , the radio station , LBC 97.3 , sent lawyers after him , threatening to sue him for copyright infringement .
In my part of London , we have live smallpox measles and TB scares on a regular basis , because so many parents have been convinced that inoculation is bad for kids that they wo n't get them their jabs .
They 're not just risking their children 's lives , but the lives of the kids around them — first , the kids who are too small to get inoculated , and second , the kids for whom the inoculations do n't take , who would otherwise be protected by herd immunity .
The science on inoculations is a settled matter .
The fact that some vaccinations are given around the same age in which autism symptoms first present means that some fraction of kids will develop autism around the same time that they get their shots .
This is not causality , it is co-occurrence .
Everyone knows someone whose kid got sick around vaccination time — but the plural of " anaecdote " is not " fact . "
Goldacre wants to systematically rebut every point that this DJ , Jeni Barnett , made on the public airwaves .
There is a compelling public interest here that makes this a case of fair dealing — but the radio station 's deep pockets and retained lawyers mean that this does n't matter .
Two days ago I posted about a broadcast in which their presenter Jeni Barnett exemplified some of the most irresponsible , ill - informed , and ignorant anti-vaccination campaigning that I have ever heard on the public airwaves .
To illustrate my grave concerns , I posted the relevant segment about MMR from her show , 44 minutes , which a reader kindly excerpted for me from the rest of the three hour programme .
It is my view that Jeni Barnett torpedoes her reputation in that audio excerpt so effectively that little explanation is needed .
LBC 's lawyers say that the clip I posted is a clear infringement of their copyright , that I must take it down immediately , that I must inform them when I have done so , and that they " reserve their rights " .
Er , " help " .
Legal Chill from LBC 97.3 and " Global Radio " over Jeni Barnett 's MMR scaremongering
( Thanks , Paul ! )
What things do steal our precious time from us ?
Apart from external time eaters ( which are beyond our influence ) , there are many personal ones which actually make us the robbers of our own time .
These time eaters lurk in our personalities and individual qualities which hinder the job , leading to stresses and the realization of lagging behind .
Obviously , you have to get rid of these , but this is going to be tougher than fighting the external killers .
Our personal impediments are part of our life .
Changing personal habits takes time , but everyone can do it .
Among personal time - eaters are :
Inability to resist and say NO ;
Habit of trying to do everything simultaneously ;
of trying to do everything simultaneously ;
Poor evaluation of time and scope of work ;
; Desire to be always useful and helping for others ;
Inborn sluggishness ;
Never keeping tracks ;
Too much of talking ;
Reluctance to set dead lines for assignment / job ;
for assignment / job ; Getting down to job without making sure all means for doing it are handy ;
Inability to pick priorities ;
; Habit of checking e-mail every 5 - 10 minutes ( blogs , forums , RSS ) or other Internet surfing ;
Social networks , chats and IM ;
Habit of playing computer games or watching TV ;
Getting not enough rest ( that constant sleepy and run down condition ) ;
Habit of relying on memory ;
Inborn absent - mindedness ;
Habit of putting off everyday tasks to the end of working day ;
Inability to track the progress of a project ;
Smoking habit .
That ’s quite a list , is n’t it ?
There are many time eaters which come crashing down on us from the outside , too .
If your co-worker comes over to you to chat , you obviously can’t interrupt him mid-sentence and send him doing his job because that would be unkind of you , so you sit there listening .
We do n’t consider such moments as the part of working process .
But let ’s just imagine how much time you waste brewing coffee or fetching new package of office paper .
Wasted minutes accumulate and the day passes by .
Could we get rid of time - eaters ?
Yes , we can and we have to .
But first you need to realize they exist and they are strong .
The realization of how much time external and personal time eaters take from you would help to deal with them effectively .
So let ’s find more of them together to complete our time eaters list .
Source of the image : flickr.com/photos/cobalt .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
PROVO -- Provo police are investigating a bizarre incident this week : a van parked in a residential neighborhood with a sign on it , reading : " free candy inside . "
It turns out , police believe the sign was harmless .
But for neighbors who live in Provo's Grandview neighborhood , it raised serious concerns with them that a child predator could be targeting kids on the street .
The white van was parked on a neighborhood street in front of a home .
No one on the street knew who the van belonged to , and the neighbors were worried about the sign posted in the back window .
Adults looked inside and did not see any candy , but they did see a mattress and some clothes in the back of the van .
Police were called to investigate .
Officers tracked down the van 's owner , who is a college age student .
He told officers he put up the sign a few days ago as part of a prank with his friends .
Police credit the neighbors for watching out for their neighborhood .
" With this sign possibly enticing children to a van , your worst case scenarios come to mind .
So , it was good , a good example of someone in a neighborhood watching out , not only for his own family , but the whole neighborhood , " said Capt .
Cliff Argyle , spokesman for the Provo Police Department .
Officers say the man was very cooperative with investigators and was actually embarrassed by what happened , so much so he drove to the police station to show officers the sign was down .
The man is apparently staying with some relatives within walking distance of the neighborhood where the van was parked and at times lives in the van .
Police say , if nothing else , this situation is a good reminder for parents to talk to their children about stranger danger .
E-mail : spenrod@ksl.com
×
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert says , " Welcome to another round of ' If we had money . '
I 'll go first . "
Dilbert says , " If we had money , we could design and test new products . "
Asok says , " We could go to training . "
Dilbert says , " You forgot to say , ' If we had money ' ! "
This page has been archived and is being provided for reference purposes only .
The page is no longer being updated , and therefore , links on the page may be invalid .
Survey Reports Latest Honey Bee Losses
By Kim Kaplan
May 19 , 2009
WASHINGTON -- Honey bee colony losses nationwide were approximately 29 percent from all causes from September 2008 to April 2009 , according to a survey conducted by the Apiary Inspectors of America ( AIA ) and the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
This is less than the overall losses of about 36 percent from 2007 to 2008 , and about 32 percent from 2006 to 2007 , that have been reported in similar surveys .
" While the drop in losses is encouraging , losses of this magnitude are economically unsustainable for commercial beekeeping , " said Jeff Pettis , research leader of the Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) Bee Research Laboratory in Beltsville , Md. ARS is USDA 's principal intramural scientific research agency .
The survey was conducted by Pettis ; Dennis vanEngelsdorp , president of AIA ; and Jerry Hayes , AIA past president .
About 26 percent of apiaries surveyed reported that some of their colonies died of colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) , down from 36 percent of apiaries in 2007 - 2008 .
CCD is characterized by the sudden , complete absence of honey bees in a colony .
The cause of CCD is still unknown .
As this was an interview - based survey , it is not possible to differentiate between verifiable cases of CCD and colonies lost as the result of other causes that share the " absence of dead bees " as a symptom .
However , among beekeepers that reported any colonies collapsing without the presence of dead bees , each lost an average of 32 percent of their colonies in 2008 - 2009 , while apiaries that did not lose any bees with symptoms of CCD each lost an average of 26 percent of their colonies .
To strengthen the beekeeping industry , ARS recently began a five - year areawide research program to improve honey bee health , survivorship and pollination .
Honey bee pollination is critical to agriculture , adding more than $ 15 billion to the value of American crops each year .
The survey checked on about 20 percent of the country 's 2.3 million colonies .
A complete analysis of the survey data will be published later this year .
An abstract of the data is available on line at : http://maarec.cas.psu.edu/pdfs/PrelimLosses2009.pdf .
Inventing an alien language ?
Easy .
Creating an entire writing system to go along with it ?
Now that 's impressive .
Here are thirteen alien alphabets ( complete with downloadable fonts ! ) you should totally use to write your novel .
Advertisement
But first , a couple quick notes .
There are obviously way more examples of alien writing systems out there , but these are all ones that have been " deciphered " such that we can actually write in them .
There are some major alien languages that remain mysterious , including the Gallifreyan omegabet , which allegedly has millions of characters .
I 've provided links to fonts based on these alphabets ; if you do n't know how to install fonts on your computer , here is a handy guide .
With that out of the way , and following a brief but very honorable mention to J.R.R.
Tolkien 's Tengwar script from Lord of the Rings , let 's get started on some alien alphabets ...
1 - 2. Alienese I and II , Futurama
Advertisement
As part of their truly gargantuan effort to make the 31st century a fully realized universe , series creators Matt Groening and David X. Cohen ( well , mainly David X. Cohen ) created Alienese , an alien alphabet that was primarily used to write humorous graffiti in the background of scenes .
The alphabet has precisely the same twenty - six letters and base ten number system as English , and the writers did n't create an Alienese language to go along with the alphabet , so everything it said was in English ( the main point of Alienese was to do in - jokes , after all ) .
All of this allowed Futurama fans to decipher the alphabet within about thirty minutes of the show 's premiere , forcing the writing staff to come up with a more fiendish challenge , which became Alienese II .
G/O Media may get a commission First Bag Free
Instead of the simple letter substitution of the first alphabet , this second alphabet uses a modular addition system , where the symbol to represent a given character changes based on the letter before it .
Here 's how it would work in English : say you want to write " Fry . "
First assign each letter of the alphabet the numerical value that is one less than their position in it , so A = 0 and Z = 25 ( the reasons you have to do this are too complicated and boring to go into ) .
You first choose the fifth letter , which of course is " F. " For " R " , the seventeenth letter , you combine the values of " F " and " R " , which is 5 + 17 = 22 , which means you use " W. " With " Y " , you add 24 to 22 , which gives you 46 .
Since there are only 26 letters , you subtract 46 - 26 = 20 , and so the final letter is " U " .
Thus " Fry " is spelled the equivalent of " Fwu " in Alienese II .
Oh , and do n't worry - none of the rest of these alphabets are even remotely this complicated .
You can download the fonts here ( although you 'll have to do your own addition with Alienese II ) .
You can also instantly convert between English and either language here .
If you 're still a bit confused about modular addition , you can check out a more detailed primer here .
Advertisement
3. Ancient , Stargate
Advertisement
After the insanity of Alienese II , here 's a nice straightforward alphabet used by the Ancients on Stargate .
It 's a fairly close phonetic match for the English alphabet , although " f " and " u " are represented by the same character , so there are only 25 letters total .
Supposedly , the letters can take on new meanings when written upside - down .
As far as numbers go , the Ancients actually used a Base 8 system , but they invented two additional numerals so that they could more easily deal with races that used a decimal system .
There are no symbols for punctuation in the Ancient alphabet .
The makers of Stargate were somewhat inconsistent in how they used the alphabet , occasionally writing context - appropriate messages in English , but more often simply using the language for in - jokes .
Download the alphabet here .
And , because I 'm trying to encourage this sort of thing , here is a link to the Gospel of Matthew transliterated into the Ancient alphabet .
Advertisement
4. Ath , Crest of the Stars by Morioka Hiroyuki
Advertisement
This Japanese science fiction trilogy , along with its sequel Banner of the Stars , dealt with the Abh , an interstellar but strongly feudal race that was originally bioengineered by a highly nationalist faction in far future Japan .
They speak Baronh , a language based on ancient Japanese .
Created as slaves , the Abh at first had no written language , but upon gaining their freedom created Ath , a relatively independent alphabet that nevertheless had some basis in Japanese kana scripts .
You can get the font here .
5. Interlac , DC Comics
Advertisement
In the 30th century era of the Legion of Superheroes , Interlac is the common constructed language of the United Planets .
Considering the hugely diverse backgrounds of the Legion and their penchant for fighting evil on faraway alien planets , a lingua franca like Interlac is a very real necessity .
Although the language was first used in a 1969 issue of Adventure Comics , it was n't until 1984 that Paul Levitz and Keith Giffen standardized the alphabet into the consistent set that it is today .
Recently , the titles of the five JLA and JSA books that made up the Lightning Saga were written in Interlac .
And , in a sign of great cosmic respect , the Guardians use Interlac to write the Book of Oa .
Download the font here .
6 - 8 . The Klingon Alphabets , Star Trek
Advertisement
Klingon is probably the most famous science fiction language .
Developed by linguist Marc Okrand for the Star Trek movies , Klingon is officially written using our alphabet .
However , Klingon ships often have markings on them that clearly look like letters , which has led Klingon enthusiasts to search for a proper Klingon alphabet .
This came when an unidentified figure from Paramount used the letters seen on the show to make an alphabet , which he or she then sent to the Klingon Language Institute .
This alphabet , known as pIqaD , does not have a set correspondence between its letters and the English alphabet equivalents .
The Institute has proposed the mapping seen above , but official sources say this is incorrect .
Advertisement
A more official , albeit more bizarre , Klingon alphabet was originally developed by the Astra Image Corporation for Star Trek : The Motion Picture .
These were also later used for the Skybox trading cards made for The Next Generation .
Although there are still 26 phonetic values , just like in English , there are now only ten letters , meaning various characters double , triple , and sometimes quadruple up in possible meanings .
This of course means that many words , some with directly opposite meanings , will look identical .
Nevertheless , this alphabet is the one most often used by Star Trek production teams when adding Klingon lettering .
Advertisement
Finally , there is the so - called Klinzhai script , which comes from The U.S.S. Enterprise Officer 's Manual , published in 1980 .
Based on concept art and other fragments seen in The Original Series , the alphabet has the major disadvantage of being formalized before Marc Okrand constructed the Klingon language , making it difficult to correlate with what is now " known " about the sounds of the Klingon language .
Get the first pIqaD here along with several other Star Trek alphabets of varying degrees of officialness .
Unfortunately , I can't find a font for the second pIqaD .
You can download Klinzhai here .
And , for the Star Trek fan who has everything except a Klingon keyboard , here is a Klingon keyboard .
Advertisement
9. Kryptonese , DC Comics
Advertisement
Kryptonese automatically gets points because it 's the only writing system on this list that 's a syllabary , not an alphabet .
It grew out of several fan letters that attempted to rationalize the various squiggles used in the fifties and sixties to represent the language of Superman 's destroyed home planet Krypton .
Exasperated by the barrage of letters , DC editor E. Nelson Bridwell tried to end the unsolicited alphabets by explaining in one issue that Kryptonese actually had 118 letters .
In a development that should stand as a lasting tribute to linguistic geekiness , Bridwell immediately started receiving proposals for 118 - character Kryptonese alphabets .
Bridwell , himself a lover of trivial minutiae , decided if the job was to be done , he really should be the one to do it , and set about combing through old comics to find 118 unique squiggles that he could designate as the various sounds of Kryptonese .
Although this exercise was , of course , completely arbitrary , the end result was the massive syllabary you see above .
Unfortunately , there are currently no fonts available online for Kryptonese , partially because its non-alphabetical nature would make it difficult for most keyboards .
But here is a great site covering its history and mechanics .
Advertisement
10 . Kryptonian , DC Comics
Advertisement
One of the many things removed from continuity by Johnny Bryne 's Man of Steel reboot was Kryptonese .
In its place came Kryptonian , which was a 26 letter alphabet that simply corresponded with the English alphabet .
This new alphabet was introduced in 2000 , and ever since any Kryptonian you might see in comics ( the current World of New Krypton arc has a bunch of examples ) are English phrases transliterated into Kryptonian .
This also allowed the comics to finish the task of justifying why there 's a big " S " on Superman 's costume , as the Kryptonian " S " sort of looks like the Man of Tomorrow 's symbol .
( It 's also a symbol of hope on Krypton . )
And to think I had simply assumed the " S " just stood for Superman .
Get the font here .
You can also go here to check out a truly wondrous attempt to go beyond a simple letter substitution scheme and create a complete , linguistically consistent Kryptonian , complete with nine vowels and twenty - four consonants .
Advertisement
11 . Mandalorian , Star Wars
Advertisement
The Mandalorians are best known as the warrior culture that trained Jango Fett and provided the inspiration for both the Fett family 's armor and that of the Clone Troopers .
In the Expanded Universe books , the Mandalorians have been developed as a fearsome third faction in the war between Jedi and Sith , sometimes following the Sith , but more often content to auction off their deadly services to the highest bidder .
Karen Traviss , author of the Star Wars : Republic Commando series , is currently working on developing the Mandalorian language , Mando'a , into a fully functional language .
The alphabet you see above comes from the Visual Dictionary companion to Attack of the Clones .
You can download it here .
12 . Marain , The Culture books by Iain M. Banks
Advertisement
Banks 's series considers the Culture , a utopian society where various alien societies have been brought together in relative harmony under the benign governance of the Minds , a set of highly sophisticated AI .
The Minds considered language a vital part of ensuring peace between species , and so they created Marain , a new language with no clear connections to any previously extant tongue .
For the Marain alphabet , the Minds used binary as an inspiration , using a 3x3 grid of nine circles , with each circle either blackened or left blank .
Lines were then drawn between the dots to construct the symbol , as can be seen in the chart above .
Although there could theoretically be as many as 512 unique characters in the Marain alphabet , these 32 symbols in particular were chosen because then can be rotated and flipped without looking like any of the others , making all of them completely unique and distinguishable .
Download the font here under the entry for December 21 .
For a more comprehensive explanation from Banks as to how the Marain writing system works , go here .
Advertisement
13 . Zentradi , The Super Dimension Fortress Macross
Advertisement
This anime series from the early eighties concerned first contact between humans and the Zentradi , giant humanoids created eons ago by a mysterious protoculture to serve as their galactic warriors .
The series 's creators , Studio Nue , constructed a Zentradi alphabet for the TV series , which they then supplemented with a full - fledged Zentradi language for the followup movie .
You can get the font here .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger must be reading the playbook of a previous California governor in trying to recover from his thumping in last week ’s election .
That governor was Jerry Brown , the current attorney general and early front - runner to recapture his old office next year when Schwarzenegger is termed out .
In 1978 , Gov. Brown was the leading opponent of Proposition 13 , the revolutionary measure that sharply cut local property taxes .
Brown called the ballot initiative , sponsored by anti-tax crusader Howard Jarvis , “ the biggest can of worms the state has ever faced . ”
He was correct , of course .
Prop. 13 not only reduced property taxes -- which was all the voters cared about that spring -- it set up an unfair assessment system .
Property would be taxed based on its length of ownership , rather than mostly on its value .
Two similar , adjacent houses could have vastly different tax bills .
Advertisement
More important for state and local governments , Prop. 13 shifted control over the remaining property tax to Sacramento .
That meant transferring more governing power and financial burden to the state .
Another “ worm ” was the requirement of a two - thirds majority vote for legislative passage of a tax increase .
California government has been sliding downhill ever since Prop. 13 ’s big shove .
There also are other culprits , but that ’s for another column .
Back to Brown , who recently told me : “ I ’m not going to advocate messing with 13 .
That ’s a big fat loser . ”
Advertisement
After Californians overwhelmingly passed Prop. 13 with 65 % of the vote -- roughly the same margin that voters rejected Schwarzenegger ’s budget proposals last week -- Brown quickly began to implement the measure .
So enthusiastically that he earned the nickname “ Jerry Jarvis ” and became a self - described “ born - again tax cutter . ”
“ We have our marching orders from the people , ” announced the premier practitioner of Darwinian politics .
He called it “ a great opportunity ” for governments to get more bang for the taxpayer ’s buck .
Within a month , a Times poll found that a majority of Californians even believed that Brown had supported Prop. 13 . Jarvis , a Republican , was so enchanted with the Democratic governor that he cut a TV spot praising him as he ran for reelection .
( He won easily . )
Brown ’s chief of staff , Gray Davis -- the future governor who was recalled and succeeded by Schwarzenegger -- recalls writing the ad script for Jarvis , who told viewers : “ I wrote Proposition 13 , but it takes a dedicated governor to make it work . ”
Advertisement
Fast - forward 31 years .
The fatal flaw of Schwarzenegger ’s Proposition 1A , the spending control linchpin of the ballot package , was that it would trigger a two - year extension of tax increases he and the Legislature had agreed to in February .
That sparked a Prop. 13 - like anti-tax rebellion among voters .
For months , the Republican governor had been asserting that anybody who thought the state ’s gargantuan deficit hole could be filled “ with just cuts does n’t know math .
And they should go back to Math 101 . . . .
I despise tax increases , but mathematics is much more powerful than ideology . ”
But the voters ’ voice apparently is even more powerful than math .
Advertisement
Although the electorate ’s rejection of his proposals put the state $ 6 billion deeper in the hole -- a pit of perhaps $ 24 billion that seems to grow every day -- the governor is swearing off higher taxes .
“ The message was very loud and clear , ” Schwarzenegger has been reiterating .
“ One thing is for sure .
There will be no revenue increases .
This means cuts , cuts , cuts and living within our means . ”
Schwarzenegger has experience reinventing himself .
After his “ reforms ” were adamantly rejected in a bitterly partisan 2005 special election , he morphed into a gentler “ post - partisan ” governor who enjoyed his most productive year in 2006 and easily won reelection .
But now he faces a more difficult dilemma -- and one much tougher than Brown’s .
Before this fiscal fiasco is resolved , Schwarzenegger will need to fill deficit holes totaling tens of billions , mostly with mutilated programs for schools , the poor , parks -- fired state workers , freed prisoners .
Nothing escapes .
Advertisement
Brown only had to shovel out money .
The state was sitting on a $ 6 - billion surplus , which state Treasurer Jesse Unruh called “ obscene . ”
The cache was used to bail out the locals and schools -- a bailout that never ended .
Now the chickens are roosting .
And the state probably will be “ borrowing ” -- raiding -- $ 2 billion from the locals for its own bailout .
Time is also running out for this lame - duck governor , whose successor will be elected in just 17 months .
His power to sway voters and legislators already has atrophied .
Like Brown , he ’s trying to react to the voters .
But unlike in Brown ’s case , the voters this time sent a mixed message :
Do n’t tax , do n’t cut , solve it yourselves .
And , by the way , we do n’t trust you .
The politically practical response is to cut unmercifully and show people the carnage .
Maybe they ’ll change their mind about taxes .
Maybe not .
Advertisement
“ There ’s only one thing he can do and if he does it his legacy will be restored , ” says Steve Merksamer , who runs a big political law firm and was Gov. George Deukmejian ’s chief of staff .
“ He needs to follow through with what he said he ’d do .
There will be a lot of screaming and demonstrations , but he has to show bold , tough leadership .
And , frankly , that is what the public expects . ”
I asked Davis .
“ This is the closest we have come to a Prop. 13 revolt , ” the former governor said .
“ This was a smack - down .
Now is the time you take to heart what the public is saying .
What it ’s saying is , ‘ Look , you ’ve already taxed us .
We do n’t have any more money budgeted for Sacramento . ’ ”
Schwarzenegger must become a born - again slasher .
Advertisement
--
george.skelton@latimes.com
OTTAWA 
The governments of Canada and Ontario told the Canadian Auto Workers on Thursday to offer General Motors of Canada additional concessions in contract talks .
The union signed an agreement in March that reduced G.M. ’s Canadian labor costs by an estimated 7 Canadian dollars an hour ( $ 5.96 ) .
But in April , the auto workers agreed to 19 Canadian dollars an hour ( $ 16.17 ) in savings for Chrysler Canada which , unlike its parent company , is not under bankruptcy protection .
Dalton McGuinty , the premier of Ontario , suggested to reporters that the union would have to offer a deal to G.M. Canada along the lines of its pact with Chrysler Canada before the government ’s new deadline of May 15 .
Ken Lewenza , the president of the union , said he had been told that without additional concessions , the two governments would not extend aid to G.M. ’s Canadian unit .
That , he added , would force the liquidation of the General Motors subsidiary .
Before donors give money to a charity , they can check to see how much money that charity spends on itself .
They would n't want to give a gift and find that most of the money was spent to pay a charity 's expenses instead of helping people in need .
But in the case of a group of charities drawing millions of dollars in donations from federal workers , that is exactly what 's happening .
An Arizona Republic investigation has found that charities can legally inflate their finances by taking credit for donated goods that they never actually handle .
This makes donors think the groups are large and makes the groups ' expenses appear lower .
The investigation of 22 charities with ties to a Phoenix televangelism ministry revealed :
��The charities have collected millions of dollars from donors , who give through the U.S. government 's Combined Federal Campaign for charities .
� �Of the groups ' cash , most is spent on their own salaries and expenses .
��Of what 's left over , the groups donate much of it to other charities and affiliates run by relatives , co-workers or associates .
��Of those charities , the named group that gets the most money is the one owned by the Don Stewart Association , a ministry .
No one claims the law prohibits these practices .
But charity watchdogs say setting aside those donated goods and looking at how a charity spends its cash gives a good picture of what a charity is really doing .
Today ,
The Republic looks at what donors may not realize is happening with the money they give .
Donations are the lifeblood of any charity , usually arriving in two forms .
There is cash donated by prime benefactors , such as rich donors or companies , or by the public as part of marketing or workplace campaigns .
And there are goods or services , known as gifts in kind .
Those can include canned food , medical supplies , property or a business ' donated services .
Most charities receive the bulk of their income in cash .
A smaller number deal mainly in gifts in kind .
An Arizona Republic investigation found that charities can use a kind of title transfer of gifts in kind that inflate their finances , making their operations appear larger than they are .
That improves the financial profile they present to donors in the federal charity drive and may attract more cash donations .
The charities then spend most of the cash on salaries and expenses and pass the cash to other charities operated by relatives , co-workers or associates .
The findings spring from The Republic 's examination of a network of 22 charities with ties to a Phoenix televangelism ministry , the Don Stewart Association .
Tax records and interviews show that many of the 22 charities made large donations of gifts in kind that involved transfers of ownership of goods without the charities ' physically handling the items .
The transactions made the charities ' budgets appear larger and cash expenses appear smaller as a percentage of total revenue .
Because of such transfers , which are legal , it is hard for a donor to tell how a charity uses its real , tangible resources .
The 22 charities reported $ 154 million in total revenue over three years .
About four - fifths of that was in the form of gifts in kind .
At least $ 80 million involved goods the charities never handled .
Richard Wong , the former president of Gifts - in - Kind International , one of the largest charities in the United States , said he believes it 's OK for a charity to occasionally outsource its shipping and handling of in - kind gifts , but not as a matter of course .
Gifts - in - Kind International 's tax returns show that each year its biggest or second - biggest cash expense was shipping and warehousing - unlike 21 of the 22 charities , which did not claim any expenses related to warehousing on their taxes .
All but four of the charities operated out of private residences .
Charity watchdog groups say the best way to see how a charity uses its money is to strip away the gifts in kind and look only at cash .
In the case of the 22 charities tied to the Don Stewart Association , more than half of their total cash revenue of $ 29 million from tax years 2003 to 2005 was used for expenses .
The largest expenses were for salaries and other compensation , program development , education supplies , travel , vehicles and occupancy or rent .
Seventeen percent was donated to other charities in the same 22 - charity network , and 10 percent went to unidentified recipients .
Just 5 percent of the cash , or $ 1.5 million , went to organizations outside the network of 22 charities and their affiliates .
The Don Stewart Association owns one of the 22 charities .
Among the items some of the 22 charities expensed as part of their operation :
� $ 68,000 for a Hummer H2 , $ 47,107 for an Acura MDX and $ 35,000 for a Dodge Ram truck , all for a hunger charity .
� $ 51,000 for a BMW and $ 2,490 for new wheels , for a children 's cancer charity .
� $ 81,956 in " occupancy " costs related to a hunger charity that operated out of a private residence that was deeded to the charity .
� $ 80,000 for a tract of farmland in Montana , purchased from the family of a hunger charity 's president .
� $ 5,239 for a couch , end tables , conference table , chairs , TV , VCR and stereo for a cancer charity run out of a private residence .
� $ 1,831 for drums and a piano for a hunger charity that also operates as a church .
� $ 4,890 total for a digital camera , a juice machine , a video camera , a video projector , a slide projector and cellphones for four cancer or hunger charities .
Spokesmen for most of the 22 charities say the groups spend cash responsibly , pay modest salaries and assist other charities to ensure donations get to the needy .
Errol Copilevitz , a Missouri lawyer representing charities run by Don Stewart Association executive director Larry MacKay and his families , said the interaction between charities is important to get work done .
" The reality is that sometimes the strategy is to involve more than one organization so that the cost can be shared , " he said in a memo .
" At the end of the day , people in need receive critical supplies . "
James Raftery of Mesa , an accountant for 16 of the 22 charities , said it is " unequivocally unfair and bordering on being uninformed " to omit the value of gifts in kind .
" You can't pull the gifts in kind and say , ' Well , what do you have now ? ' " he said .
" Well , we do n't have anything , because you just pulled our whole operation . "
The Republic described the finances of the 22 charities to officials at three of the nation 's leading charity watchdog groups ; they said the share of cash spent on expenses appeared steep in light of the title transfers of goods .
" You can make an argument that they are agents and ( should n't ) have any expenses , " said Daniel Borochoff , president of the American Institute of Philanthropy in Chicago .
" It 's just a shell game , and they are using it to pay salaries . "
Today , The Republic sets aside the gifts in kind and looks at the money .
Contact the reporter at robert.anglen@arizonarepublic.com .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Officials in Serbia are investigating a rehabilitation centre affiliated to the Orthodox Church where drug addicts have allegedly been filmed being beaten .
A video of one assault , published by Vreme magazine , shows a man appearing to assault a patient by hitting him with a shovel and punching his face .
One former resident said staff had offered to cure his addiction with " pleasant conversation " and beatings .
A priest running the centre , near Novi Pazar , said a " heavy hand " was needed .
" Whoever has a junkie in the house knows what I am talking about , " Archpriest Branislav Peranovic told B92 television .
The Serbian Orthodox Church has so far declined comment .
' Martial arts '
In the video posted on Vreme 's website on Friday , a young man believed to be a patient at the Crna Reka rehabilitation centre is seen being beaten repeatedly with a shovel , and then punched and kicked in the head by two men in sports gear .
The incident takes place in a room displaying Christian icons .
The centre said the beatings , administered by former addicts , were a necessary part of the therapy for drug addiction and were carried out with the consent of patients ' parents .
It is no therapy - it is a criminal act
Sasa Jankovic , Serbian government human rights monitor A former patient said that sometimes they would be told to form a circle around a " bad one " and watch them being beaten by the priests and other staff .
" They would hit him with clubs , shovels , fists , bars , belts , whatever they got their hands on , " he told Vreme .
Archpriest Peranovic , he said , " knows how to hit - his hands are often bloody " .
" When he hits , using his arms and legs , his robe flies all over the place .
He practises martial arts , " the former patient added .
After the video's publication , doctors and psychologists warned that physical violence would not help rehabilitate or cure drug addicts .
Government human rights monitor Sasa Jankovic , who plans to file torture charges against the facility , said : " It is no therapy .
It is a criminal act . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
[ social_buttons ]
Nasa scientists have told government ’s that a simple cut in worldwide emissions of soot could lead to a dramatic reduction in the effects of global warming , as well as preventing hundreds of thousands of deaths from air pollution .
Soot contains black carbon , thought to be the second largest cause of global warming after carbon dioxide .
Whilst airborne , it it spread around the globe by wind , heating the atmosphere by absorbing and releasing warmth from the sun ’s rays .
When it falls to the surface it also darkens snow and ice in polar regions or high mountain ranges , further reducing the Earth ’s ability to reflect solar radiation .
Cutting soot emissions has a virtually instantaneous effect since it disappears rapidly from the earth ’s atmosphere , unlike CO2 , which can linger for hundreds of years .
The NASA study , carried out by the Goddard Institute for Space Studies , was published in the journal Atmospheric Chemistry and Physics .
It predicts that slashing soot emissions would provide ” substantial benefits for air quality while simultaneously contributing to climate change mitigation ” and ” may present a unique opportunity to engage parties and nations not yet fully committed to climate change mitigation for its own sake ” .
As actions to tackle climate change reach a critical stage this year , with tough negotiations planned on the next phase of the Kyoto protocol , the NASA strategy could emerge as a welcome option for many government ’s , wary of reducing emissions in other ways for fear of damaging economic growth or recovery .
Image Credit – A6U571N via flickr.com on a Creative Commons License
Three new posters for highly anticipated ‘s “ ” are online .
Check them out below .
“ Inglourious Basterds ” seesplay Lt Aldo Raine , commander of a unit whose mission is to kill and dismember Germans during the Second World War .
The film inspired by directed by Enzo Castellari‘s 1978 Italian war movie “ The Inglorious Bastards ” follows a band of Jewish - American soldiers dropped into France to spread terror among the Nazi occupiers .
“ Inglourious Basterds ” features a large cast including Pitt , andand is due to be unveiled at thein May .
The movie is scheduled to hit theaters on August 21 , 2009 .
“ Yes , I would vote to repeal the U.S. Patriot Act , although I would consider replacing that shoddy and dangerous law with a new , carefully crafted proposal that addressed in a much more limited fashion the legitimate needs of law enforcement in combating terrorism ( for example , permitting a warrant for the interception of cell phone calls , and not just land - based phones to accommodate changes in technology ) . ” – Barack Obama
“ For one thing , under an Obama presidency , Americans will be able to leave behind the era of George W. Bush , Dick Cheney and wiretaps without warrants . ” – Barack Obama “ … legal black hole … dangerously flawed legal approach … undermines the very values we are fighting to defend . ” – Barack Obama
Now here are the facts on the ground as of this writing :
The PATRIOT Act remains in effect .
Wiretaps ?
E-mail interceptions ?
Yes , Obama apparently needs those .
Military tribunals ?
Oh , hell yes .
Bring ’em on .
Oh , you mean those “ torture ” photographs are n’t going to be released after all ?
The prison at Guantanamo remains open , and congressional Democrats appear to have given Obama political cover by yanking funding required to close it .
I have a crisp new C - note ( that ’s $ 100 for those of you on the far left of the bell curve ) that says Gitmo will be open for business as usual on January 22 , 2010 — the date by which The One ’s executive order says it will be closed .
I ’ll honor that bet with the first serious taker .
Naïveté and arrogance adequately explain this list .
Throughout the campaign and during his first weeks in office , Obama was a poster child for clueless swagger ( young , dumb , and you know the rest ) .
But as I ’ve mentioned in other contexts , whipping a campaign event crowd into a frenzy is rather far removed from the sober business of quotidian governance .
In this sense , President Obama is distancing himself considerably from Candidate Obama .
The political consequences of these blatant campaign betrayals are disturbing , primarily in their apparent absence .
Huge swaths of Obama ’s approach to the war on terror , linguistic absurdities aside , are indistinguishable from Bush ’s .
I applaud some of these consistencies as common sense .
I decry others as predictable and regrettable examples of federal powers granted and never relinquished .
( That ’s the way it almost always works , kids .
Take notes . )
Given this indistinguishability : whence outrage ?
Where are the throngs of supporters who were lied to , demanding explanations and threatening to withdraw financial support ?
Where is the press , to call this liar to account ?
Where is the organized minority party response to this ham - fistedness ?
I fear it ’s not coming anytime soon .
Here ’s a whole list of 180 - outs , and not only is no one even so much as whimpering about it , Obama ’s swagger is intact .
He ’s jettisoned an entire section of “ principles , ” and no one gives a tinker ’s damn .
What ’s it going to take ?
You might also like :
In the annals of British literature and the British theater , the 1950s have gone down as the era of the Angry Young Men -- of a change in the cultural climate signaled above all by Kingsley Amis 's novel " Lucky Jim " ( 1954 ) and John Osborne 's play " Look Back in Anger " ( 1956 ) .
The phrase " Angry Young Men " itself was devised by a theater publicist at the time , and in a rough fashion it indicates what the fuss was about : a scornful rejection of Establishment values , a truculent individualism .
But it was never more than a loose journalistic label , and over the years it has lost most of such resonance as it once had .
David ...
A simple case of mistaken identity and borderline mental handicap lead a young woman to seek me for diet tips to increase her bust .
I do n't know why these people message me or how they find me , but they come from a planet where people breathe 10 % oxygen and 90 % stupid .
LD_angel8ys : its me again E=B
LD_angel8ys : matty [ ed : someone I 've never heard of ] is going tomorrow so i dont think ill go
LD_angel8ys : u there rissa ???
Zack : NO !
LD_angel8ys : lol
LD_angel8ys : NE way u goin ??
Zack : I would rather die in a sewer full of burning shit .
LD_angel8ys : lol i kno right fuck matty E=B
LD_angel8ys : so wassup tonite bebs
Zack : I was eating a cheeseburger delight .
LD_angel8ys : whats that
Zack :
You know a cheeseburger , right ?
LD_angel8ys : lol yea
LD_angel8ys : everybody does
Zack : Cheeseburger delight is like that , but faster .
LD_angel8ys : what u on a diet ??
bebs u look fine
LD_angel8ys : u losin wait ?
Zack :
Not technically .
Cheeseburger delight moves weight around to better places .
LD_angel8ys : think I kno what u mean
It 's working !
They got me !
Ohhhhhh , it 's working !
Zack : I have a little bump forming on my side .
In a few weeks it should be big enough for me to paint it like a turtle in a holster .
A wee torty tort in a kidney papoose .
LD_angel8ys : thats cool havent heard of that diet tho
Zack : I got it from a book called SECRETS .
LD_angel8ys : think i saw that at broders
Zack :
It 's more of a folio .
All of the pages are loose sheets cut into circles and mounted on a spindle .
Like CDs .
LD_angel8ys : thats wierd
Zack : Actually they ARE CDs .
The book is written on them , but not ON them .
I opened a couple in my computer and they 're full of out of focus pictures of three old women camping and weird MIDI files that are just 9999 seconds of one repeating note .
The book part is written on the outside .
LD_angel8ys : is it a diet book ?
Zack :
Yes , all diets .
Covering every possible reason to diet .
For example , here 's one entitled GOT RID OF BABY .
It 's for after you get rid of a baby .
Zack :
Step one is " stop eating " and step two is " pop flares and chaff . "
Then it goes on from there .
LD_angel8ys : kelly smelly could use that lol
Zack : Huh ?
LD_angel8ys : kellys baby
Zack :
Oh , I see .
You mean because she got rid of her baby .
I think they mean the other kind of baby .
LD_angel8ys : look and see if they got a diet in their to make my boob s bigger
Zack :
Here 's one to make your neck bigger .
Step one look at a picture of an owl .
Step two do that thing an owl does .
It goes on .
Would that work ?
LD_angel8ys : no i need more up top E=P
Zack :
You do n't mean your neck ?
That 's almost your very top .
LD_angel8ys : lol no
Zack :
You could get your neck really big and try the cheeseburger delights to move your neck to your boobs .
Carlos Tevez has accused Manchester United of showing him a lack of respect and confirmed he will not play for the new Premier League champions next season .
The striker 's future has become a hot topic , with United fans urging the club to keep the Argentinian following the end of his two - year loan spell this summer .
But a deal has so far not been agreed , with Tevez also unhappy at the amount of time he has spent on the bench this season .
The 25 - year - old told the Argentinian TV station TYC : " I know that I am not going to continue at Manchester United .
I feel that they have lacked respect towards me .
It 's not about whether they pay £ 5 m more or £ 5 less , but I feel I have been badly treated .
" There are ways in which the club is managed that I do n't understand .
When you do n't agree with the manager in how the club is run ...
I do n't have faith in a lot of things that happen here .
I 've been here for two years and the directors have never come to speak to me .
Not once have I had a meeting with them .
" Therefore , it 's best that I leave the club so as not to clash with [ the manager ]
Alex Ferguson and the directors .
Neither do I understand why I do n't play in the team .
" I 've asked [ my adviser ] Kia [ Joorabchian ] not to speak to me about offers during the next 10 days .
I want to concentrate only on the final matches that we have to play .
Afterwards , I 've got a month to take a decision and choose where to go . "
Tevez was tearful as he waved to the fans after the 0–0 draw with Arsenal which secured their third successive title .
" It 's emotional , " he said .
" I like Manchester and I like the fans .
But maybe it is goodbye .
It is very difficult . "
At Live Rich , Live Well , we provide tips & ideas covering lifestyle , health and relationships .
In short , topics that makes life “ rich ” .
We believe that wealth is a consequence of your life ’s journey .
Desire , inspiration , creativity , passion , determination and faith in your abilities are the ingredients .
Mix them well and go boldly forward to reach your goals .
Wealth is the dividends life pays you when you live your life on your own terms .
Apply By : Thursday , May 7 , 2009 11:59 pm EDT PRINT
Competition Status : Position Filled
Approximately 118 individuals applied for this opportunity .
We have completed the recruitment process and successfully hired the top candidate into the position .
To look for other job opportunities that match your skills and experience go to Job Search .
You may also subscribe to our Job Alert service to receive emails when new jobs open up that match your determined search criteria .
Thank you for your interest in the Ontario Public Service .
BEAR TECHNICIAN
Organization : Ministry of Natural Resources Division : Field Services Division , Bracebridge Area City : Bracebridge Job Term : 1 Temporary Recurring contract up to 5 months with possibility of extension Job Code : 41104 - Resource Technician 3 Salary : $ 22.91 - $ 25.50 Per Hour *
* Indicates the salary listed as per the OPSEU Collective Agreement .
Understanding the job ad - definitions Posting Status : Open Job ID : 17408 View Job Description
Challenge and variety can be yours when you join the Ministry of Natural Resources ' Bear Wise program in the Bracebridge Area office .
As a highly motivated and outgoing individual , you will implement , administer , monitor and audit the Bear Wise program .
In addition , you will provide education regarding problem bear reporting , response , prevention and awareness .
What can I expect to do in this role ?
Duties include : conducting operational field programs including activities such as carrying out site inspections and field surveys ; ensuring client ( e , g , Bear Wise contractors , and other stakeholders ) compliance with specific natural resources management acts , regulations and related Ministry policies and guidelines ; provide leadership to assigned students and staff on behalf of supervisor ; gathering , assembling and compiling technical information for databases and reports to make recommendations .
This position requires working in all types of weather conditions .
How do I qualify ?
Mandatory demonstrated experience , knowledge and understanding of resource management practices and understanding of legislation with emphasis on the Bear Wise program ; Demonstrated experience in performing field technical activities and compiling technical information ( e.g. Bear Hazard inspection / assessment , Bear trap and transfer ) for data bases , preparing reports and making recommendations on related matters ( e.g. effective solutions to human - bear conflicts / determining bear aversion tactics ) ; demonstrated leadership , presentation , interpersonal , and communication skills ; good planning , coordinating analytical and problem - solving skills ; computer skills in a variety of applications related to resource management ; ability to do field work and operate and maintain equipment , working knowledge of the Occupational Health and Safety Act ; valid drivers licence to conduct field work .
Additional Information : Address : 1 Temporary - Seasonal , duration up to 5 months , 1350 High Falls Road , Bracebridge , Central Region Compensation Group : Ontario Public Service Employees Union Understanding the job ad - definitions Schedule : 4.7 Category : Lands and Resources Posted on : Thursday , April 23 , 2009
All external applicants ( including former employees of the Ontario Public Service ) applying to a competition in a ministry or Commission public body must disclose ( either in the cover letter or resume ) previous employment with the Ontario Public Service .
Disclosure must include positions held , dates of employment and any active restrictions as applicable from being rehired by the Ontario Public Service .
Active restrictions can include time and / or ministry - specific restrictions currently in force , and may preclude a former employee from being offered a position with the Ontario Public Service for a specific time period ( e.g. one year ) , or from being offered a position with a specific ministry ( either for a pre-determined time period or indefinitely ) .
The circumstances around an employee 's exit will be considered prior to an offer of employment .
Remember :
The deadline to apply is Thursday , May 7 , 2009 11:59 pm EDT .
Late applications will not be accepted .
We thank you for your interest .
Only those selected for further screening or an interview will be contacted .
Job advertisements for positions that have been designated bilingual will be provided in both English and French on the website .
Positions that are not designated bilingual are not translated and are displayed in English only on both the English and French versions of the website .
Les annonces d'emploi pour les postes désignés bilingues sont publiées en anglais et en français sur le site Web .
Les annonces pour les postes qui ne sont pas désignés bilingues ne sont pas traduites et elles figurent en anglais seulement , tant dans la version française que dans la version anglaise du site .
The Ontario Public Service is an inclusive employer .
Accommodation is available under the Ontario Human Rights Code .
Windows 7 ’s Best Underhyped Features
We ’ve run down the top 10 Windows 7 features and the best new features in the RC , but after using Windows 7 exclusively for a week straight , the real goods are in the small stuff .
While you ’ve no doubt seen a few of these features mentioned before , most of the items below have received the least attention from Windows 7 previews .
It ’s these less sexy , but very useful features , that make me think the more I use Windows 7 , the less chance I ’ll ever use Vista or XP again .
Libraries Make File Management Easy
Windows 7 ’s Libraries are a huge leap ahead of file management in previous versions of Windows — rather than dealing solely in files and directories , they are a virtual location that can aggregate the content from multiple places at once .
Like most Lifehacker readers , I ’m using Dropbox to sync my files across multiple computers — including a subset of my music collection .
Rather than trying to use hacks to sync directories outside my DropBox folder or dropping to the command - line to create some symlinks , it was as simple as adding my Dropbox music collection folder to the Music library .
Jump Lists Add Quick Access to Common Features
Want to quickly access Internet Explorer ’s Private browsing mode ?
Simply right - click on the icon and you can launch a new private window — you can create a shortcut for private browsing in earlier versions of Windows , but it ’s not quite the same .
Want to access a few websites quickly ?
Just drag the icon from the address bar down to the taskbar icon to pin it to the top of the Jump List — now you can get to those websites in a flash , whether Firefox is open at the moment or not .
Put the Taskbar Back to Vista / XP Style
Just head over to Taskbar and Start Menu properties , choose to use small icons , never combine , and then un -pin the applications from the taskbar — though you may want to try using the “ Combine only when taskbar is full ” option to get the best of both worlds .
If you ’re the screenshot tour type of person , I ’ve written a full walk - through tutorial to changing the taskbar to work more like Windows XP or Vista , and to complete the picture you can also add the quick launch bar back to the taskbar in Windows 7 .
Run Apps as Another User
Hidden Items on the Send To Menu
Most Lifehacker readers probably know how to customise the Send To menu — just type in shell : sendto into the address bar , and add or delete shortcuts from the list .
But Windows 7 makes it easier with a bunch of secret items on the Send To menu .
if you hold down the Shift key while right - clicking on a file or folder , you ’ll see a whole list of extra items that are normally hidden .
The extra menu items are simply the list of directories under your user folder , but it ’s a useful feature that makes you want to start using the shift key every time you right - click just to see what comes up !
Automatic Desktop Wallpaper Shuffling
Windows 7 ’s simple , easy , and awesome wallpaper shuffling has won me over .
I ’m officially a convert .
Not only does Windows 7 include a ton of absolutely killer wallpaper images , but you can select more than one at a time with the checkboxes ( or holding the Ctrl key ) and then choose to rotate them every so many minutes .
The fun does n’t stop there , however — you can right - click on the desktop any time you want to skip to the next desktop background image .
Since the default Windows 7 theme uses a ton of transparency , your whole desktop theme will appear to change to fit the new colour scheme — it ’s beautiful .
User Account Control is Streamlined , Less Annoying
That ’s changed significantly in Windows 7 , however — common ( geeky ) operations like copying system files only require a single prompt , and the whole system has been streamlined a great deal to be less annoying .
If you ’re still getting too many prompts , you can simply type “ uac ” into the start menu search box , and then drag the slider down ( though you should be warned you are decreasing security ) .
What about you ?
Has Windows 7 ’s uber - slick interface won you over ?
What features really stand out for you ?
Tell us in the comments .
Administer is the verb form for administration or administrator .
The word administrate is an incorrect form of the verb created by some who drop the - ion suffix of administration .
Incorrect : He did a great job of administrating the estate .
Correct :
He did a great job of administering the estate .
Be careful when forming verbs from nouns that end in - ation , as the correct verb form may not end in - ate .
See also Orient or Orientate ?
Complete Contents
Glossary
Grammar Contents
One summer in the early 1970s when I was restarting my college career , I worked as a dishwasher on the weekends at a local roadhouse .
One Sunday morning , one of the cooks made a creamy chicken soup that tasted better than the usual fare the restaurant had to offer .
Later that day , when the Sunday after - church lunch crowd began to thin , I was chatting with the chef and I happened to ask him how the soup was made .
He replied that the recipe was very simple , just thicken some canned chicken stock with a roux .
Easy for him — I had no idea what a roux was .
Luckily , the chef was in a talkative mood and he patiently described the whole process .
He said to measure out two tablespoons butter and two tablespoons flour for each cup of stock I was planning to use .
First , I should melt the butter over medium heat in a saucepan .
When the butter was fully melted , I should stir in the flour with a wooden spoon .
In the meantime , I should heat the stock .
When the flour was evenly mixed into the melted butter and the stock hot , I should slowly add the stock to the butter - flour combination , all the while stirring to remove any lumps that formed .
When all the stock was added , the soup was ready .
If I wanted , I could add some cooked diced chicken or peas and diced carrots — in those days purchased frozen — to add some color to the finished soup .
He never mentioned adding salt because the canned stock was already salted .
He never warned me about the flour and butter seizing when the first bit of liquid was added , and he never mentioned that this was the same way a lot of people made chicken gravy .
Flash forward thirty - five years : I ’m looking through the sauce section of a nineteenth - century cookbook one evening , and I notice how many sauces seem to use “ béchamel ” as a base .
( By now I was well aware that béchamel was made similar to that chef ’s chicken soup but with milk instead of stock . )
This is one of those factoids that I was aware of but had never really thought much about .
So I started looking though all of my French sources and began to notice a theme developing .
In cookbooks designed to be compendiums , especially those by “ master ” chefs , there was always a chapter , usually one of the first , devoted just to sauce preparations .
The chapter usually started off explaining basic sauces , and then followed with descriptions of compound sauces , often built upon one of the basic sauces .
Many of the books parsed the compound sauces into many smaller groupings , but there was less consistency here .
All the same , because my interest here was with béchamel - based sauces , I did n’t explore the hundred - plus sauce recipes that each of these books seemed to contain .
I did notice that béchamel had a close relative called “ velouté , ” a basic sauce where stock was substituted for the milk .
( There are other “ basic ” white sauces , such as beurre blanc , but because these do not involve a roux , they will not be discussed at this time . )
Upon further reading , I found that there are a number of different veloutés depending on the type of stock being used for the preparation : chicken , fish , veal , etc .
I also found that modern béchamels were prepared quickly with just flour , butter , milk , and seasoning , whereas old - fashioned ones were prepared over a number of hours using meat and vegetables in addition to the milk .
The solids were strained out of this béchamel prior to serving .
In other words , like most things in cooking , I found that there were many methods to accomplish similar tasks and many opinions as to which method was best .
To prepare a roux thickened sauce , I start by melting the butter over medium heat without letting it brown .
I then add the flour all at once and stir with a wooden spatula — that ’s what I have handy — until it is smooth .
If I ’m not in a hurry , I ’ll let the flour cook for 5 to 10 minutes .
I ’m careful to not let the flour take on any color because I ’m preparing a white sauce .
It is possible to use any fat instead of butter , and at times I have used goose fat , duck fat , and pork fat instead of butter .
I heard of some people using olive oil .
I ’ve never tried margarine , which is just hydrogenated oil , but I suspect that that would work , too .
You could even ignore this step and just dilute the flour with cold milk or stock , but then you would not be using a roux ( and it would n’t fit how I defined the subject of this article ) .
The fat serves a number of purposes .
One is to help cook the flour to eliminate its raw taste .
Another is to keep the flour granules , which are principally starch , separate from each other .
If the granules are allowed to be in contact with each other , the liquid at the surface will gelatinize the surface .
This , in turn , will seal it so the inner granules stay undiluted .
The result is lumps of raw flour in the sauce .
There is a thickener used in cooking called beurre manié which consists of equal amounts of flour and butter kneaded together .
The butter , once again , is being used to keep the flour granules separated .
When a hot cooking liquid needs to be thickened , a lump of this material is whisked into the hot liquid until the butter melts and the liquid is thick .
Once the roux is complete , it ’s time to add the liquid , be it milk or stock .
I add the liquid unheated because I ’m lazy .
Some chefs say that it must always be added hot .
In either case , only a little liquid is added at first .
This causes the flour to seize into a thick paste .
Next a little more liquid is added and the paste is gradually diluted .
The roux is constantly stirred , or whisked , as the liquid is being added .
As the roux becomes further diluted and more liquid is absorbed , it is possible to speed up the rate at which the liquid is added .
When the liquid is added unheated , the temperature of the roux will drop and it will appear to not be working as a thickener , but as the mixture heats up and approaches a boil , it will thicken .
When the liquid is added hot , the thickening will be more rapid .
Once all the liquid is incorporated , the sauce should cook for a while — at least 5 to 10 minutes — to cook the flour .
It is the nature of a roux thickened sauce that if you continue to cook it for a long time , the thickening power of the flour will weaken and the sauce will start to thin .
A century ago , cooked veal , onions , and a sprig of thyme were added to a béchamel sauce after the roux was incorporated .
The mixture was then simmered for two hours and strained before use .
In earlier times , veloutés were flavored with various vegetables in a similar manner , but this was recognized by this time as superfluous because the stock was already prepared with vegetables .
Also it was common for these recipes to instruct the cook to strain the finished sauce , even if no solids had been added .
This may have been necessary because they were preparing their sauces in quantity , and lumps were more likely .
I have found that with careful addition of the liquid to the sauce , straining is unnecessary .
Working with the descriptions of sauces provided by Escoffier , we could say there are four roux - based , white sauces : sauce béchamel , velouté , velouté de volaille , and velouté de poisson .
From these we can build a number of other , so - called compound , sauces .
Note : click on the icon ( ) following a sauce description to see the recipe .
Sauce béchamel : roux thickened milk ; seasoned with salt ; flavored with pepper , and sometimes nutmeg
Sauce aurore : sauce béchamel cooked with a bouquet garni ; seasoned with salt ; flavored with pepper and nutmeg ; finished with tomato paste
Sauce béchamel aux champignons : sauce béchamel garnished with cooked mushrooms ; flavored with nutmeg and lemon juice ; finished with butter
Sauce cardinal : sauce béchamel finished with truffle essence , lobster butter , and cayenne pepper
Sauce crème : sauce béchamel finished with cream
Sauce huîtres : sauce béchamel finished with oyster juice ; garnished with chopped , poached oysters
Sauce Mornay : sauce béchamel finished with cheese , usually a combination of Gruyere and Parmesan
Sauce œufs à l’anglaise : sauce béchamel garnished with diced hard - cooked egg and nutmeg
Sauce soubise : sauce béchamel combined with cooked , pureed onions ; finished with butter
Sauce villageoise : sauce soubise thinned with velouté , veal stock , and mushroom cooking liquid ; finished with egg yolks , cream , and butter
Velouté : roux - thickened veal stock ; seasoned with salt and pepper
Sauce albuféra : velouté finished with glace and pimento butter
Sauce allemande : velouté cooked with additional stock , mushroom cooking liquid , and egg yolks ; flavored with nutmeg , lemon juice , and pepper ; finished with butter
Sauce Villeroy : sauce allemande flavored with ham stock and truffle essence
Sauce Bonnefoy : velouté flavored with a reduction of shallots , pepper , thyme , bay leaves , and white wine ; garnished with chopped tarragon and slices of bone marrow
Sauce piquante : velouté flavored with a reduction of shallots , sugar , and vinegar ; seasoned with salt ; garnished with sliced gherkins
Velouté de volaille : roux - thickened chicken stock ; seasoned with salt and pepper
Sauce Chivry : velouté de volaille flavored with an infusion of chervil , parsley , tarragon , chives , and white wine ; finished with butter flavored in a similar manner
Sauce hongroise : velouté de volaille flavored with a reduction of onions and vinegar ; seasoned with salt ; seasoned with salt ; flavored with paprika ; finished with butter
Sauce indienne au kari : velouté de volaille seasoned with salt ; flavored with curry powder and nutmeg ; finished with butter
Sauce ravigote : velouté de volaille flavored with a reduction of white wine and vinegar ; finished with shallot butter ; garnished with chervil , chives , and tarragon
Sauce suprême : velouté de volaille finished with egg yolk and cream ; seasoned with salt
Sauce ivoire : sauce suprême colored with a little glace
Velouté de poisson : roux - thickened fish stock ; seasoned with salt and pepper
Sauce Bercy : velouté de poisson flavored with a reduction of shallots , fish stock , and wine ; seasoned with salt ; finished with butter and parsley
Sauce marinière : sauce Bercy flavored with mussel - cooking liquid ; garnished with mussels
Sauce bretonne : velouté de poisson flavored with a reduction of onion , leek , celery , mushrooms , and wine ; seasoned with salt ; flavored with pepper ; finished with cream and butter
Sauce livonienne : velouté de poisson garnished with truffles , carrots , and parsley
Sauce normande : velouté de poisson prepared with mushroom essence and oyster juice ; finished with egg yolk , cream , and butter
Sauce persil : velouté de poisson flavored with an infusion of parsley ; garnished with parsley
Sauce suprême : velouté de poisson finished with egg yolk and cream ; seasoned with salt
Sauce aux crevettes : sauce suprême finished with shrimp butter ; garnished with cooked shrimp
In checking with various recipe sources , it ’s possible to find many conflicting ideas as to how a particular sauce should be prepared .
For example , the sauce aurore presented above is prepared with béchamel sauce , but Saulnier lists two versions of this sauce , one for fish prepared with a fish velouté and another prepared from sauce suprême .
In another instance , Saulnier presents two versions of sauce Bercy , one similar to the recipe above and the other based on meat glace instead of velouté .
One chef I ’ve worked with recently now eschews roux and uses rice flour to thicken sauces .
He uses about 60 grams of rice flour to thicken 1 liter of liquid .
The rice flour is just finely ground white rice sold in 500 - gram bags .
Since learning the method , I have used brown rice flour to successfully thicken sauces .
The problem with ground rice is that as the sauce continues to cook , the sauce becomes thicker .
Also , it is imperative to stir the sauce almost continuously until the granules of rice swell and soften .
If you do n’t , they will settle and stick to the bottom of your saucepan .
The rice - flour technique still produces a starch thickened sauce .
The creators of the nouvelle cuisine of the mid-twentieth century often avoided starch altogether in their sauces which were often based totally on reductions .
The article Matrice des sauces au moment that appeared earlier on the site demonstrates sauces prepared by means of reduction .
Although the use of roux - base sauces is not as popular as it once was , it is still an important component of French cooking .
When used with discretion , a roux - based sauce can provide a nice accent to the dish it is accompanying .
© 2007 , 2014 Peter Hertzmann .
All rights reserved .
I ’d like to introduce Aaron E. Hirsh , the first guest columnist for The Wild Side during my sabbatical .
Aaron is a biologist and writer based in Colorado .
He has a doctorate in Biological Sciences from Stanford University , where he studied aspects of how molecules such as proteins evolve .
He has , for several years led a summer field course in Baja California , Mexico , looking at the animals that live in the Sea of Cortez — otherwise known as the Gulf of California .
A book about his adventures there , called “ Telling Our Way to the Sea , ” will be published next year .
He is also a research associate at the University of Colorado , Boulder .
Please welcome him .
Olivia
Next summer , the Large Hadron Collider , Europe ’s $ 9 billion investment in particle physics , will take a handful of ions , hurl them through 17 miles of circular tunnel and smash them together so hard they will shatter into the finest atomic shards anyone has ever observed .
And if all goes according to plan , the glints and flashes from those shards will at last reveal the mysterious Higgs boson , the one particle that endows all others with the property of mass .
For those of us who are n’t particle physicists , that may sound awfully exotic , not to mention exorbitantly expensive .
But if we take a step back , and view it in the broader context of contemporary science , the grand project of particle physics seems suddenly not such a wild exception , but rather a vivid example of a very broad trend : Across many different fields , new data are generated by a smaller and smaller number of bigger and bigger projects .
And with this process of centralization come changes in what scientists measure — and even in what scientists are .
In physics , a slow drift toward centralization was given a sudden shove during the Second World War — think Manhattan Project — so it is perhaps not surprising that colliders today epitomize what historians have called “ Big Science . ”
But a similar evolution is now evident in virtually every discipline .
When a crystallographer wants to determine the structure of a molecule , she signs up for time at a big synchrotron , which can generate the powerful X - rays she ’ll need .
When a biologist wants the sequence of a certain genome , he submits his proposal to a large sequencing center , where armies of automated machines read their way in parallel through different paragraphs of a genome ’s text .
And when an ecologist wants to study the effects of all that extra CO2 in the air , she ’ll turn to the very same national labs that achieve particle smashing , Brookhaven and Oak Ridge , which have built systems for manipulating the atmosphere over entire forests .
It ’s not only scientific instruments , but also the scientists themselves who are transformed by centralization .
If the 19th century was an age of far - flung investigators alone in the wilderness or the book - lined study , the 21st century is , so far , an age of scientists as administrators .
Many of the best - known scientists of our day are men and women exceptionally talented in herding the resources — human and otherwise — required to plan , construct and use big sophisticated facilities .
In a way , centralization seems unavoidable .
The governments that fund research have themselves become far more centralized , so perhaps science has been pulled along in the process .
But even without that prevailing wind , science would , I think , head in the very same direction .
A young discipline is bound to move first through the data it can gather most easily .
And as it does , it also defines more exactly what it must measure to test its theories .
As the low - hanging fruit vanish , and the most precious of fruits are spotted high above , bigger investments in harvesting equipment become necessary .
Centralization is a way to extend scientists ’ reach .
But of course , there are also some drawbacks .
There ’s something disturbingly hierarchical about the new architecture of the scientific community : what was before something like a network of small villages is today more like an urban high - rise , with big offices at the top and a lot of cubicles down below .
The trouble with this is not just what it means for the folks in the cubicles , but also that the entire business should rely so heavily on the creativity and vision of relatively few managers .
If the glassy office is occupied by Einstein , that ’s great , but of course there ’s always a chance it wo n’t be .
( Tellingly , this point was made to me by a friend who grew up in the Soviet Union .
“ Trust me , ” he said , “ centralization is risky . ” )
And then there ’s that problem of relating to Big Science when you ’re standing outside the building , looking up .
The difficulty is not just that the research is recondite , but that the work is institutional , as opposed to individual .
After all , not many people really understood the paper on general relativity , but many did connect with Einstein .
Sure , we all pitch in our tax dollars , but it ’s hard to feel a whole lot of personal involvement in the search for the Higgs boson .
But if Big Science is what it takes to gather the truly precious data , what are we to do ?
There is another way to extend our scientific reach , and I believe it can also restore some of what is lost in the process of centralization .
It has been called Citizen Science , and it involves the enlistment of large numbers of relatively untrained individuals in the collection of scientific data .
To return to our architectural metaphor , if Big Science builds the high - rise yet higher , Citizen Science extends outward the community of villages .
For me , an especially inspiring example of Citizen Science is the Audubon Society ’s Christmas Bird Count .
Every winter , from mid December to early January , tens of thousands of intrepid hobbyists fan out across North America , and together , they do their best to answer two basic questions :
How many birds are there ?
And what kinds ?
It ’s a simple sort of data , to be sure , but it is nonetheless scientifically invaluable .
The CBC dataset now covers 109 years , and this remarkable temporal extent , along with geographic range that spans the continent , enables scientists to address questions that would otherwise be as inaccessible as a Higgs boson .
Just in the past few years , scientists have used the CBC dataset to track the emergence and impact of West Nile virus , to understand the ecological effects of competition between introduced species and to measure the shift that birds make toward the poles in response to global warming .
The CBC is surely a glowing exemplar , but there are many other cases of Citizen Science in action .
Even underwater , a snorkeling citizen can serve science by taking down a few notes , which he ’ll enter into a website when he returns to shore .
The Internet is a natural medium for Citizen Science — widely distributed yet highly organized , it ’s the ultimate network of villages — and an initiative known as The Encyclopedia of Life has called upon the world ’s hobbyists to contribute their sundry discoveries to a Web - based library of species : one page per organism , featuring photos , taxonomy , natural history , even ecology .
Of course , Citizen Science wo n’t be very helpful in genome sequencing or particle physics .
But it will be helpful — indeed , perhaps essential — for gathering a kind of data that will be increasingly important over the next few decades .
Widespread networks of observers are especially well - suited to detecting global change — shifts in weather patterns ; movements in the ranges of species ; large - scale transformations of eco-systems — and that , unfortunately , is something we will need to know far more about if we are to mitigate and adapt to the fateful effects we are having on the planet .
In the end , though , what may be most important about Citizen Science is what it could mean for the relationship between citizens and science .
When everyone is gathering data , that rather austere and forbidding tower becomes a shared human pursuit .
In 1963 , Alvin Weinberg , who was then the director of Oak Ridge , likened Big Science to the greatest monuments civilizations have ever built : the cathedrals of medieval Europe ; the pyramids of Egypt .
But just as we build higher our temples of scientific investigation , so too should we strengthen their foundations , and broaden their congregations .
Perhaps the new administration , which has already proven itself so skilled in using the Internet to coordinate broad networks of volunteers , ought to consider a national initiative in Citizen Science .
It would provide us with timely data , and it would make us better citizens .
**********
NOTES :
For comments and discussions , I ’m grateful to many : D.G. Burnett , D. Hirsh , O. Judson , J. Maximon , D.A. Petrov , B. Phelan , and V.H. Volny .
For more information on the CBC ( or to sign up ! ) go here .
If you ’re a diver , check out REEF .
If you happen to have great photos of — or secrets about — an obscure species , visit The Encylopedia of Life .
And though it ’s not exactly Citizen Science , you can volunteer your computer ’s idle time for processing data from LHC : lhcathome.cern.ch .
A foundational book on the idea of Big Science is D.J. de Sola Price ( 1963 ) “ Little Science , Big Science . ”
More recent views are collected in the volume edited by P. Galison and B. Hevly ( 1992 ) “ Big Science : The Growth of Large - Scale Research . ”
There are some terrific histories of early incarnations of Citizen Science : K. Anderson ( 2005 ) “ Predicting the Weather ” ; M.S. Reidy ( 2008 ) “ Tides of History ” ; and D.G. Burnett ( 2005 ) “ Matthew Fontaine Maury ’s Sea of Fire : Hydrography , Biogeography , and Providence in the Tropics ” in F. Driver and L. Martins ( eds . )
“ Tropical Visions in an Age of Empire . ”
The internal trends that I suggest impel centralization — early collection of accessible data and the development of a clearer idea of especially valuable data — are documented in T.S. Kuhn ’s classic essay , “ The Structure of Scientific Revolutions . ”
Here are three recent scientific papers that make use of data from the Christmas Bird Count : F.A. La Sorte and F.R. Thompson III ( 2007 ) Poleward shifts in winter ranges of North American Birds .
Ecology 88 : 1803 - 1812 . C.B. Cooper et al. ( 2007 ) “ Contrasting natural experiments confirm competition between house finches and house sparrows . ”
Ecology 88 : 864-870. Crosbie et al. ( 2008 ) “ Early impact of West Nile virus on the Yellow - Billed Magpie ( Pica nuttalli ) ” Auk 125 : 542-550 .
While the quality of information gathered by hobbyists is inevitably uneven , there are at least two ways to iron out the inconsistency :
Rely upon academic scientists to curate and select among contributions from citizens , as the EoL has done .
Or , as scientists using the CBC have done , use the large dataset to control statistically for the quirks of individual observers .
Pilot makes emergency landing in Canada after passenger jumps to his death from small aircraft
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
A man travelling on a small passenger plane wrenched open the door of the aircraft while it was flying at 33,000ft over northern Canada and leapt to his death , according to police .
The cabin of the aircraft suddenly depressurised and the pilot was forced to make an emergency landing with the door of the plane still ajar .
The 20 - year - old passenger had become unruly during the flight and the aircraft 's pilots had struggled with him but were unable to prevent him opening the door and jumping out .
The Adlair Aviation plane with two pilots and two passengers was flying from Yellowknife to Cambridge Bay , a remote community in western Nunavut , when the man jumped on Wednesday night , said Staff Sgt Harold Trupish of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police .
The Beechcraft King Air 200 twin - turboprop was about 110 miles from the Cambridge Bay airport when the man jumped , he said .
Police were searching for the body of the man , whose name was not released .
" The plane came in with the door open , " said Trupish .
" Somehow they were able to control the aircraft to land .
The three other people are all OK . "
Paul Laserich , general manager of the small family - run airline , which has operated in north Canada for 25 years , praised the pilots for managing to land the plane and get the remaining passenger to safety while freezing arctic air roared through the cabin .
" They brought the ship safely back .
Everybody is OK .
They are a little shaken up .
They are OK .
That is what is most important , " Laserich said .
He said the pilot was too distressed to talk to reporters .
The United Nations has released over $ 3 million in emergency relief funding in response to the devastation caused by torrential rains in southern Africa , which have led to the deaths of over one hundred people and left tens of thousands homeless , the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) said today .
The majority of the Central Emergency Response Fund ( CERF ) disbursement , some $ 2.3 million , will go to a number of UN agencies providing urgent relief to victims of severe flooding in Angola , where the death toll has climbed to 60 since the beginning of the year .
OCHA reported that in Angola alone the floods have affected an estimated 220,000 people , forced 81,000 from their homes , destroyed around 4,000 houses and inundated 231,000 hectares of cropland .
The UN Children ’s Fund ( UNICEF ) , the International Organization for Migration ( IOM ) and the Word Health Organization ( WHO ) will use the money to finance the supply of safe water and provide public sanitation , support for displaced communities and health projects .
Meanwhile , the President of the Comoros declared a national emergency after floods killed two people , and an estimated 500 households – roughly 2,500 people – have been affected in 41 villages that are underwater .
In addition , water tanks have been polluted and toilets are overflowing , creating concerns for the spread of waterborne diseases .
There is also significant infrastructure damage , especially to roads and bridges .
The UN Resident Coordinator convened a meeting with development partners to discuss response measures .
Namibia has also been hit hard by the flooding , which has killed some 92 people and displaced 54,581 , while more than 350,000 people have been affected by the rising waters .
Over 50 per cent of roads have also been damaged in the affected areas and at least 412 schools damaged and disrupted , including 159 closed , interrupting the education of over 56,106 pupils .
The Namibian Government has allocated $ 11 million in response to the crisis , establishing 21 relocation camps in the affected regions and distributing non-food relief supplies , to go with a $ 2.7 million Flash Appeal launched by the UN – which includes a $ 1.3 million CERF component that has been fully funded .
In Zambia , where an estimated 600,000 people are affected by flooding , an OCHA assessment report contains detailed recommendations on responding to urgent infrastructure , health , water and sanitation , agriculture , food security and shelter requirements .
The Israel lobby has been running into a few problems lately , but it ’s nothing they do n’t think they can handle : a charge of treason , a strong suspicion of obstructing justice , and a gathering storm of criticism from a few dissident intellectuals and policy types .
Nothing to get too exercised about .
Having felled Charles " Chas " Freeman , smitten Gen. Zinni , and sidelined those in the Obama administration who question the nature and utility of America ’s " special relationship " with Israel , the Lobby ’s flagship organization , the American - Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , is primed to hold their national conference in Washington next week , with Jane " This Conversation Does n’t Exist " Harman slated to address the gathering .
The focus of the conference , and the legislative centerpiece of the event , will be passage of the Iran Diplomatic Enhancement Act , which would ban US companies from providing Iran with refined petroleum products , and seeks to punish European companies — particularly the Swiss , who come in for two specific mentions in the text of the bill — for doing so .
To begin with , the name affixed to this piece of legislative legerdemain is a prime example of congressional doublethink : will it really enhance diplomatic relations with Iran to impose draconian sanctions , the equivalent of an economic chokehold and a prelude to a military blockade ?
Hardly , and that is very far from its clear intent .
This bill is all about provoking the Iranians , effectively sabotaging efforts to engage in a mutual dialogue with Tehran .
Why the egregious packaging ?
Well , it seems the American people are sick and tired of war , and preparations for war , and so it is far less incriminating if a member of Congress can say he ( or she ) voted for " the Iran Diplomatic Enhancement Act " than it is to admit they supported isolating Iran economically .
While it ’s true that the Swiss provide up to 80 percent of the Iranians ’ refined petroleum imports , as stated in the bill , what ’s really at stake here is a spat between the Israelis and the government of Switzerland over a recent meeting between Swiss President Hans - Rudolf Merz and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on the sidelines of the UN ’s recent anti-racism conference held in Geneva .
Reflecting the new hysteria that ’s been injected into the Jewish state ’s relations with the rest of the world , Israel recalled its ambassador to Switzerland in protest .
Even talking to the Iranians , in any context , is considered by the Israelis to be an " existential " threat to the Jewish state , and anyone who engages in such conversation is considered an enemy — thus the clauses of the bill that target the Swiss .
The message this is sending is clear : if you cross the Israelis , you cross the Americans , too — yes , even under the Obama administration .
Speaking of Obama , this campaign to isolate Iran is aimed at him just as much as it is at the Iranians , and the Swiss — it is a shot across the bow , a flexing of legislative muscle on the part of the Lobby that shows the newly - elected American president even he can’t stand up to the Lobby ’s power .
If he tries to reach out to the Iranians , and short - circuit the march to war , he ’ll be subverted , opposed , and reined in by the American Congress , which is , as Pat Buchanan famously — and accurately — observed , " Israeli - occupied territory . "
The main " argument " in favor of this bill , which enjoys wide bipartisan support , is that it will supposedly be an aid to the diplomatic initiative promised by President Obama , and it quotes the President during the campaign when he said : " Iran right now imports gasoline … if we can prevent them from importing the gasoline that they need … that starts changing their cost - benefit analysis .
That starts putting the squeeze on them . "
With the introduction of this bill in the House , and a similar one introduced in the Senate by ( who else ? )
Sen .
Joe Lieberman and Republican John Kyl , the Lobby is putting the squeeze on Obama , displaying its power over the legislative branch and daring the American president to step out of line .
In the months leading up to the election , and since , the Obamaites have been eager to avoid an early confrontation with the Lobby , which would use up a good deal of political capital and split the Democrats at a crucial time .
Unless he ’s agreeable to signing on to a war with Iran , however , Obama can only put this fight off for so long .
Eventually , and inevitably , it will come to a showdown , and the Lobby will come to that fight well - prepared — albeit a bit nervous in light of recent developments .
That nervousness is manifested in a new , more aggressive tone and tactics .
The leering arrogance of the Lobby and its public spokespersons in the face of mounting public criticism and organized opposition really is a sight to behold : exhibit " A " is their latest response to the recent scandal involving Rep. Jane Harman .
The California Democrat was overheard on an FBI eavesdropping tape offering to help get the charges against two AIPAC officials accused of espionage reduced , in exchange for piles of Haim Saban ‘s money and lobbying by AIPAC to get Harman appointed chair of the House intelligence committee .
When Jeff Stein of the Congressional Quarterly exposed this fact , Harman went on a one - day media blitz , appearing on cable news outlets and National Public Radio , hysterically ( and ineffectively ) denying her obvious guilt .
The next day she hired Lanny Davis , the well - connected Clintonite lawyer and public relations flack whose specialty is bailing out Democrats in hot water .
From that point , the Harman camp ’s pushback went from Harman ’s screeching denials and her comically self - contradictory " explanations , " to dismissive " humor , " as Congressional Quarterly reports :
" Embattled California Rep. Jane Harman , D - Calif. , shrugged off woes over a wiretapping controversy Wednesday and claimed ‘ Best Team Name Honors ’ for this year ’s Capital Challenge mini-marathon race .
" ’ Tapped Out , ’ an obvious reference to revelations that Harman was overheard by government wiretappers in conversations with a suspected Israeli intelligence agent in 2005 , evidently won the judges ’ hearts as best team moniker . "
It ’s all a joke , nothing to get too excited about — that ’s how the Lobby thumbs its nose at the American people , and , with the collusion of our elected officials , continues to get away with fatally distorting American foreign policy and taking us down the road to war .
Whether this strategy will work , or whether the American people will wake up in time to arrest the ongoing corruption of their government and social institutions by a foreign entity , remains to be seen .
It is an indication , however , of the deep contempt with which the Lobby views American law and institutions , and , as such , is utterly reprehensible .
These are the same people , by the way , who yelp about the alleged increase in anti-Semitism , here as well as in Europe — and then do everything in their power to ensure that their worst fears and direst prophecies are fulfilled .
Harman ’s chutzpah knows no bounds .
" I am challenging CQ’s Jeff Stein , " she brayed in a press release , " who got my age wrong and denigrated my previous race time in a recent blog post , to a road race .
Bring it on , Jeff ! "
She smugly adds : " Clearly , our sense of humor is intact . "
Yes , Jane , even if your credibility is n’t .
I liked Jeff Stein ’s counter - challenge , however :
" To race Harman from her Capitol Hill office to the annual policy conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) , on May 3 at the Washington Convention Center , where Harman is giving an address . "
Speaking of chutzpah , is n’t that what AIPAC is displaying a surfeit of by not rescinding their invitation to Harman ?
After all , she stands exposed as having colluded in a corrupt deal to let off two of their top employees who are charged with spying for Israel .
Yes , we know they ’re a fifth column working on behalf of a foreign power , but do they have to flaunt their disloyalty as if it were a badge of honor ?
Chutzpah is one word for it , hubris is another .
In any case , the Lobby is riding for a fall , in spite of its political power , its financial resources , its stranglehold on Capitol Hill and the policymaking apparatus of the US government .
If the US is drawn into yet another war with the Lobby ’s fingerprints all over it , the American people — after having voted for a presidential candidate many thought was intent on reversing the relentless warmongering of the past eight years — are bound to react .
As the Lobby jeers at and otherwise disrespects our laws and our nation ’s security , sooner or later popular revulsion against this faction of brazen fifth columnists is bound to give AIPAC and its allies a monumental slapping down .
By Nathan Seppa , Science News
A sham form of acupuncture using toothpicks that do n’t penetrate the skin works as well as traditional needle acupuncture for relieving back pain , researchers report in the May 11 Archives of Internal Medicine .
Both procedures outperformed non-acupuncture alternatives , such as medication alone .
Acupuncture is the ancient Chinese practice of inserting needles into meridians , channels along which practitioners believe vital energy flows .
Western medicine has struggled to verify whether these meridians exist , much less understand the biological mechanism by which the penetrations apparently relieve pain and deliver other benefits .
The scientists randomly assigned 638 people with chronic low back pain to one of four treatment groups .
Two of the groups received acupuncture treatment : one group received individualized treatment by a practitioner , while the other received the standardized acupuncture regimen .
A third group got the sham acupuncture , in which toothpicks were housed in needle guide tubes so participants could n’t spot the sham .
The fourth group received nothing beyond the drugs typically taken for back pain .
Volunteers received 10 treatments over seven weeks .
None of the volunteers had previously received acupuncture for back pain , and all were permitted to continue using medication , typically anti-inflammatory drugs or pain relievers , says study coauthor Daniel Cherkin , an epidemiologist at the Group Health Center for Health Studies in Seattle .
A week after the last treatment , about three - fifths of those getting real or sham acupuncture reported significant improvement in disabilities brought on by back pain , compared with only two - fifths of those not receiving any real or simulated acupuncture .
Since the toothpicks did n’t penetrate the skin , the new study “ raises questions about acupuncture ’s purported mechanism of action , ” the authors note .
Now that the Senate has rejected Obama ’s proposal to limit the deductibility of charitable contributions , an even greater aid to charities would be the abolition of the White House Office of Faith - based and Neighborhood Partnerships .
Ever since at least 362 , when the Emperor Julian tried to establish pagan charities by decree in an attempt to counter the growing popularity of Christianity , rulers have recognized that faith - based providers are by far the most effective in helping people in need .
Yet there is good reason why our Founders stipulated a separation of Church and State : contrary to common belief , it has far more to do with protecting the Church from the corrupting influence of the State than vice versa .
Here ’s why Christians especially should lead the cry to get government out of charity :
It ’s ethically wrong to accept money not voluntarily directed to a charity
Even those not ready to join the libertarians in viewing taxation as theft can understand the moral repugnance of having your money used for a cause anathema to you : from right - to - lifers opposing government funding of abortions ; to peace lovers protesting their taxes going to fund wars .
Government funding of charities alienates charities from donors
As Arthur Brooks ’s excellent book Who Really Cares has shown conclusively , when government largesse flows in , charities lose touch with the private donors they had previously relied on .
Studies show that charitable organizations receiving public funding spend less effort fundraising : staff focuses on managing and spending the government funding , and spends less time and effort on cultivating and maintaining relations with private donors .
The ramifications of this are enormous : private donors serve as a very effective check that the services being offered are those most needed in the community .
Most donors require frequent and persuasive demonstrations that their money is being used effectively and efficiently .
Competition for private funding thus keeps the non-profit constantly on the alert to make sure its programs are the best for today ’s needs .
Government funding can corrupt mission and skew programming
While government funding might have first been obtained by a charity for a program closely allied to its mission , the usually extended continuation of that funding can tie the charity to providing services that are no longer the most effective or even the most needed .
Government funding also carries with it narrow restrictions that often have nothing to do with who actually needs services : as an example , the federally - funded Meals on Wheels program has a mandated age 60 minimum .
When the San Francisco Salvation Army was cut off from receiving government funding , which included its contract for providing Meals on Wheels , it reinvented it as “ Meals That Heal . ”
The privately - funded Meals That Heal not only provides nutritious meals to seniors , but also delivers to low - income younger people homebound by diseases such as HIV / AIDS .
Government funding of social service programs operated by faith - based organizations also stipulate that the money cannot be used for religious activities .
Yet experience shows that programming with a religious component often achieves far higher success rates than those without , especially , for example , with substance dependency .
Government funding creates dependency
Public funding is more volatile than private , and increases and decreases more than changes in the economy .
When the political winds change and the funding gets redirected elsewhere , a charity that has become dependent on its public largesse can find its very existence in danger .
In contrast , those of us with a broad base of private support can meet economic vississitudes appropriately .
Independence from any one donor also allows us to adhere to principle , not kowtow to the holder of the purse strings .
Government funding crowds out private giving , and separates the “ haves ” from the “ have - nots ”
When government gets involved in a formerly private charitable activity , money going to charity drops .
As I detailed here , the government ’s new AidMatrix Foundation channeled massive amounts of funds to FEMA and state governments in the aftermath of last year ’s hurricanes , and private giving to the Salvation Army and Red Cross plummeted .
In a worst - case scenario , such government activity will drive private alternatives out completely , as with the hugely inclusive mutual - aid societies that traditionally provided welfare , unemployment and health care coverage before government programs made them untenable .
As people perceive that government is taking care of a need , their giving and volunteering for that purpose dries up .
But inserting government between the “ donor ” ( taxpayer ) and recipient severs the personal relationship that used to be common between them .
As Alexis de Tocqueville observed in his marvelous book Democracy in America , Americans ’ proclivity for forming innumerable privately - funded charitable and civic projects was a direct and vitally - important component in what he termed our “ democracy , ” but we would more commonly call “ equality . ”
Those of us who volunteer with charitable organizations quickly discover that there is very little difference between ourselves and those we are volunteering to help ( “ There but for the Grace of God , go I ” ) .
But when your money is separated from your personal involvement , it becomes far easier and more common to think of the recipients as a faceless “ them . ”
If lawmakers really want to help the poor and suffering , they should go beyond last week ’s refusal to cut tax breaks on charitable contributions , and let taxpayers keep more of their own money in the first place : experience shows that when tax rates are lowered , contributions to charity increase .
The celebrations of the 30th anniversary of Margaret Thatcher 's ascent to power have had a surreal quality .
The moist panegyrics from David Cameron and Boris Johnson – followed by an army of cheering commentators , and a distant , shameful echo from Gordon Brown – have been filled with statements that are the opposite of the truth .
Yet there they stand , unchallenged , as the road - map for our future .
The arguments in defence of Margaret Thatcher invariably have three prongs .
She made it possible for ordinary British people to " get ahead " , and " aspire " once more .
She expanded freedom .
And her strip - down - the - state economic model saved Britain – and spread prosperity across the world .
Each of these is simply asserted , as if these claims can't be measured objectively .
Just shut up and rejoice !
But your ability to " get ahead " – to rise up the social ladder – is n't simply a matter of hunches ; it can be tested scientifically .
And every study has found one thing : social mobility collapsed under Margaret Thatcher .
As a massive recent London School of Economics study showed once again , in the 1980s and 1990s we became a country where if you were born rich , you stayed rich , and if you were born poor , you stayed poor .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
This should n't have been a surprise .
Every country that adopts a low - tax , low - investment model sees the same .
The evidence shows only countries that tax the wealthy and use the cash to lift up the rest – like Sweden – consistently achieve the dream of allowing anyone with talent to make it .
So thanks to her policies , a whole generation of poor and lower middle class children remained stuck , unable to achieve their potential .
Look at the new generation of rising Tory candidates and MPs and you see this failure of social mobility writ large .
They are overwhelmingly the children of the wealthy – educated at the most expensive schools .
Everybody else is stuck , unable to get up and out .
While you are entitled to your own opinions , you are not entitled to your own facts .
To claim Thatcher boosted aspiration is false – unless you mean merely the aspiration of the rich to become super - rich .
How about Thatcher 's support for freedom ?
This is a leader who called Nelson Mandela a " terrorist " and vandalised all attempts to place sanctions on Apartheid South Africa , while her husband cheerfully referred to black Africans as " coons " .
This is a leader who called the self - described " fascist " General August Pinochet " a great man " , after he toppled an elected leader in a violent coup and rounded up thousands of dissidents to torture to death .
This is a leader who upheld a system of Protestant supremacism in Northern Ireland , while the police there conspired with criminal gangs to murder Catholics .
This is a leader who at the height of the Aids crisis criminalised any mention of homosexuality in our schools .
Freedom ?
What about the idea that her economic model " saved " us ?
Thatcher wanted to build a " nightwatchman state " , where the government stopped anyone invading the country or your home , but otherwise stood inert and passive .
She saw regulation as " red tape " , and boasted of building a " bonfire " of it .
And what happened ?
Her apostles took this to its logical conclusion , building a " shadow " banking system free of all government interference .
If she had been right , it would now be the self - regulating engine of the global economy , pulling us all to a better world .
It did n’t quite turn out that way .
As John Campbell , her best biographer , has written , the tragedy of Margaret Thatcher is that she sincerely believed rolling back the state would create a generation like her father , a moral , self - reliant grocer .
Instead , it created a wave of businessmen like her son , an amoral parasite who has contributed nothing to the economy .
Yet David Cameron 's election song could be the old Honeybus hit " I Can't Let Maggie Go " .
He cheered the ugliest of Thatcher 's policies while they were happening : he even accepted a free holiday jaunt to Apartheid South Africa paid for by one of the most depraved corporations backing the whites - only regime .
Today , he says she will be his inspiration in power , as his claims to moderation burn away under the pressure of recession .
But oddly , the party that has found it hardest to get out of Thatcher 's shadow is Labour .
They drank so deeply of Thatcherism after the collective trauma of 1992 that they have become tarred with its worst failings .
As Labour now collapses into a mess of fratricidal soundbites , it would do well to pause and remember a slap - in - the - face fact .
Contrary to the ahistorical waffle pumped out over the past week , Margaret Thatcher never won over a majority of the British people .
At every single election where she was leader , 56 per cent of us voted for parties committed to higher taxes and higher public spending .
She won because the centre - left majority was divided and at war with itself – and because of our lousy electoral system .
Over the past year , there have been small hints of what a de-Thatcherized Labour Party could look like – and it's a world away from both Toryism and the old , hellish Scargillite closed shops .
It is simple Scandinavian - style social democracy that marries thriving markets to an interventionist state .
It would tax the rich more , both to reduce inequality and to pay for public services .
Despite the out - of - touch press shrieking , some 68 per cent of people supported the new 50 per cent top rate of tax on the richest one per cent of Brits .
It would argue for a Keynesian stimulus directed at transforming Britain into a low - carbon economy – the only sane response to a depression and an unravelling climate .
And it would put at the forefront of its agenda moves like Harriet Harman 's excellent Equality Bill , which will require local authorities to spend most on the poorest areas , and to put greater equality at the heart of all decisions .
The logic of this legislation fits with the egalitarian , European mindset of the silent liberal majority of British people .
If we leave it to the market Thatcher - style , it will take 80 years before women are paid the same wages as men for the same work – and we will all be dead .
Who wants to defend that ?
Who wants to say companies should n't even have to publish their gender gap , as the Bill demands ?
A long queue has been forming outside TV studios of Tory MPs saying just that .
But a recession is the time when we can least afford to waste talent and promote mediocrities just because they are men .
We need the best talents in the best positions now .
Yet all this is far too little too late .
Brown's " Green New Deal " is pitifully small , and his ability to sell any policy is limited by his own lousy communication skills and his refusal to decisively cast off the shroud of Thatcher .
Even the 50 per cent tax rate was introduced with a nervous , quaking commitment to reverse it once the recession ends .
Who will point out that during America 's largest boom – the 1950s – it had a 92 per cent top rate of tax under a Republican President ?
And so the window to a better , more social democratic Britain seems to be creaking shut .
Gordon Brown stands frozen as his Blearsy - eyed colleagues hiss and snap all around him , protesting at even the tiniest nudges to the left .
Why wo n't Labour let the Iron Lady rust ?
Mexicans , aghast at the rising body count , the mutilated corpses on their streets and the swagger of the drug chieftains , wonder if they are paying too high a price in pursuing organized crime groups that have operated for generations on their soil .
“ Sometimes , I think this is a war you ca n’t really win , ” a Mexican soldier whispered to a reporter , out of earshot of his commander , during a recent drug patrol in Reynosa .
“ You do what you can , but there ’s so many more of them than us . ”
Image Mexican Army soldiers on a night patrol in Reynosa .
Drug cartels in Mexico bring in billions of dollars more than the government spends to defeat them .
Credit ... Adriana Zehbrauskas for The New York Times
Americans , including border state governors and military analysts in Washington , have begun to question whether the spillover violence presents a threat to their own national security , and , to the outrage of many Mexicans , whether the country itself will crumble under the strain of the war .
A War ’s Origins
The impetus for the drug war began during President Felipe Calderón ’s 2006 campaign .
Although the economy was the No. 1 issue , Mr. Calderón , a law - and - order technocrat , was paying attention to a steady rise in criminality early on .
Mr. Calderón received threats on his life from drug cartels during the campaign , fueling his outrage , according to officials close to him .
And he began to suspect that drug money was finding its way into political parties .
After a nail - biter of a victory , by about half of a percent of the 41 million ballots cast , so close that his main opponent still does not recognize it , Mr. Calderón opted to send the army into the streets to fight the drug cartels .
He aimed for the bold step to win the support of the crime - weary population and to bolster his legitimacy as the president for all Mexicans .
While his contested election seemed to fade quickly from public discussion , the drug war proved a bigger headache .
About 28 months down the line , the government trumpets record seizures of drugs , money and guns to show that it is striking serious blows against the traffickers .
As further evidence of success , the government cites the tens of thousands of arrests it has made of rank - and - file members of the four main Mexican cartels and of some of the kingpins leading them .
Recently , three top traffickers have been arrested , including one accused of organizing an assault on the United States Consulate in Monterrey .
The United States Drug Enforcement Administration says Mexico ’s battle against drugs is clamping down on supplies , citing the doubling of cocaine prices in the United States over the past two years .
How to Build a Spy Camera
I am going to show how to build a hidden spycam out of the old web camera .
No technical skills required .
Do you have a small webcam ?
Want to start spying right away ?
Signup for a Free Online Video Monitoring account now
It is FREE to try .
Use existing webcam Takes 30 seconds to setup
Building SpyCam : Tools and supplies
For this project you will need
USB webcam
Old power supply from cellphone or similar small gadget ( optional ) USB extension cable Screwdriver , drill , chisel , hammer , pliers
Taking apart webcam
Webcam case is big and recognizable .
Everyone knows that this black sphere with cable is a camera .
You will have hard time hiding it .
That is why we need to change it ’s appearance first .
Your goal is to separate circuit board with the lens and a cable from plastic enclosure .
At the end cable and lens must be still attached to the circuit board .
I remember when I was a kid I could disassemble any toy in 5 min or less with no tool .
All my friends could do this too .
I guess this is some kind of the super - power that you loose when you grow up .
I hope Malcolm Gladwell will explain this phenomena in his next book .
But for now we will have to use a screwdriver .
All Logitech web cameras that I looked at use screws .
This is a good thing .
Screws are easy to take out .
I also saw some cheap cameras that used glue .
In this case you will need to brake the case .
Use your imagination and utility knife .
Put on protective glasses and gloves .
You never know when this utility knife is going to snap .
All web cams that I took apart had screw - on lens with a 12 mm thread mount .
This a standard mount for CCTV lens from home security cameras .
There are many stores selling replacements and custom lenses in this size .
I would recommend that you build a spy camera with as wide angle lens as possible .
So if you decide that you need a wider angle lens for your spy camera or better zoom just search for “ 12 mm lens mount ” in Google .
Here are couple examples Store 1 , Store 2
Taking apart power supply
Now we need a new “ secret ” case for a camera .
It should be something that is big enough to hold a camera and look natural with a cable attached to it .
Here are few options
- Desk lamp
- Alarm clock
- PC Speaker
- Corded mouse
- Power supply or cellphone charger
I like power supply idea the most .
There are always plenty of them around the house .
I have the whole drawer dedicated to old chargers .
Finally it is time to put them into good use .
Most likely you will need a chisel and a hammer to open it .
Be careful .
Also remember – when you took apart web camera you needed insides and did not care about braking plastic case .
Now with power supply it is the opposite – you do not care about the cord or the insides – but minimize damage to the case .
In my charger the flat metal pins that you plug into the wall outlet were attached directly to transformer .
I wanted to keep them – so charger still looks a “ real ” charger .
I took metal pins off with pliers and super glued them back to the plastic case .
Assembling spy camera
Fitting all the components together is fun .
It is like playing 3D Tetris , but you can actually win .
You need to figure out how to position circuit board and where should you drill a hole for the lens .
When you build a spy camera you want it to look “ natural ” , without huge lens sticking out of the case .
That is why you may want to drill a small hole first ( about 5 - 8 mm ) and see if it gives you a good view angle .
If it does not – then you can always make hole bigger .
Use scotch tape and tiny drops of super glue to hold the parts together during testing .
Advanced :
If you remove IR filter from your webcam you can completely cover the lens hole with IR film like this one and make lens 100 % invisible for the human eye .
Of course you spy cam will record IR only ( which means everything will be black and white and weird looking ) .
I did not do this .
Maybe next time .
Congratulations , you built a spy camera !
Connect USB end of the webcam to a 15 foot USB extension cable and you can set up your spy camera about 20 foot away from computer .
Testing and spying
Plugin your new spy camera to computer and make sure that it works .
I used Logitech webcam for this project , so I just launched Logitech QuickCam and checked that I can see myself .
Position the camera on floor , next to the wall or table leg – your “ power supply ” will look natural there .
We are going to use ugolog.com as a motion activated spy system .
It runs in the browser , so you do not need to download any software .
Go to www.ugolog.com, create new account and click on RECORD .
In a few seconds the monitoring will start .
Walk in front the camera – you should see monitoring switching to recording and notifying about recorded snapshots .
Walk again and then go to WATCH .
You can your static snapshots there right away , but there is a little delay ( 10 - 15 min ) before you can see video .
I like to watch videos instead of snapshots because it gives me a quick overview of the activity .
For more details check out how to setup Ugolog for beginners .
There are more applications that turn your web cam into spy camera .
If you are on Linux – you have to check out ZoneMinder .
But you will be happy with anything from the “ best picks ” section .
Also check out our 50th birthday gifts selection for a gag webcam gifts .
Spying video made by www.ugolog.com
Welcome to OpenEmbedded , the build framework for embedded Linux .
OpenEmbedded offers a best - in - class cross -compile environment .
It allows developers to create a complete Linux Distribution for embedded systems .
Some of the OpenEmbedded advantages include : support for many hardware architectures
multiple releases for those architectures
tools for speeding up the process of recreating the base after changes have been made
easy to customize
runs on any Linux distribution
cross-compiles 1000's of packages including GTK + , Qt , the X Windows system , Mono , Java , and about anything else you might ever need
Few positions in public life , apart , perhaps , from Pope or manager of the England football team , have proved quite so unattainable to women over the years as that of Britain 's Poet Laureate .
For centuries , from Ben Jonson onwards , the prestigious honour with its peppercorn salary and liquid remuneration of a " butt of sack " has been a masculine stronghold , handed down from man to man .
But that dominance could well be set to come to an end this week after it was let slip that the name of Carol Ann Duffy has been put forward for the Queen 's approval to assume the role from the outgoing Laureate Andrew Motion .
If all goes as planned , the Glasgow - born poet will become not only the first woman to hold the post but the first openly gay one .
In a sign of the increasing certainty surrounding her appointment , bookmakers yesterday stopped taking bets on the 53 - year - old whose extraordinary range of monologues , love poems , children 's rhymes , plays and librettos have made her a favourite beyond the traditional confines of literary festival audiences .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
It is understood she has been chosen after a new selection process , introduced by Andy Burnham , the Culture Secretary , in which the public was invited to offer their views on the search for the successor to a position whose previous incumbents included Lord Tennyson , Sir John Betjeman and Ted Hughes .
Judith Palmer , director of The Poetry Society , said her appointment – should it be confirmed – would prove extremely popular and follows a long - running campaign to get a women into the position .
" We are incredibly lucky in this country to have so many seriously great women poets and Carol Ann would be fantastic .
She is really , really loved and her work is known to a whole generation of young people , " she said .
Ms Duffy 's work has impressed critics with its range and depth .
" There are poems to make you laugh , poems to make you think and ones you would pass on to a lover and just about everything else in between , " said Ms Palmer .
However , Ms Duffy 's decision to accept the title could surprise many who have followed her career during which she has become the most widely read living British poet .
Her popularity has grown on the back of her becoming a stalwart if occasionally controversial feature of the school curriculum .
Last year she found herself at the centre of a censorship row after her poem Education For Leisure , which examines a young boy 's fascination with street crime , was dropped by an exam body .
She narrowly missed out to Motion when he was appointed Laureate in 1999 because the then Prime Minister Tony Blair felt her sexuality would prove unacceptable to Middle England .
She was said to have been left deeply bruised and declared herself " out of the picture " for any future contest , later excoriating the idea of writing a poem for Prince Edward and his bride Sophie , the creation of verse to mark royal nuptials being part of a Laureate 's work .
It seems unlikely however , that the Government would have allowed her name to emerge should she be about to decline the post and she would be a very high - profile ambassador for the form , having edged out another popular choice , the poet , author and broadcaster Simon Armitage .
The outgoing Laureate Andrew Motion , 56 , heaped praise on his friend and likely successor yesterday .
He said : " I would be profoundly pleased if Carol was to take on the role as I think she would be magnificently good at it .
She 's an absolutely wonderful writer and I think that because no woman has had the role , having Carol would give the whole thing a great glamour and appeal . "
Born in Glasgow to a Catholic family , Duffy was brought up in the Midlands with impeccable left - wing credentials , her father standing as a Labour Parliamentary candidate .
Her first collection , Standing Female Nude , published in 1985 , which included Education For Leisure and the title poem about a disenchanted life model , was widely praised and since then she has gone on to win every major poetry prize , including the Forward Prize , the Whitbread Poetry Award and both the Dylan Thomas and TS Eliot prizes .
Since 1996 she has taught at Manchester Metropolitan University .
It is not yet known whether the next Laureate will continue Andrew Motion 's break with tradition by opting for a 10 - year term rather than for life .
Motion has described his mixed feelings at holding the position , during which time much of his output has been derided by critics , not least his toe - curling " rap " to mark Prince William 's 21st birthday .
Among his proudest achievements has been the establishment of the free online Poetry Archive , which has introduced millions of new readers to the form .
Valentine By Carol Ann Duffy
Not a red rose or a satin heart .
I give you an onion .
It is a moon wrapped in brown paper .
It promises light
like the careful undressing of love .
Here .
It will blind you with tears
like a lover .
It will make your reflection
a wobbling photo of grief .
I am trying to be truthful .
Not a cute card or a kissogram .
I give you an onion .
Its fierce kiss will stay on your lips ,
possessive and faithful as we are ,
for as long as we are .
Take it .
Its platinum loops shrink to a wedding - ring , if you like .
Lethal .
Its scent will cling to your fingers ,
cling to your knife .
Verse and worse : Send in your recession poetry
Andrew Motion used one of his last public appearances as Poet Laureate on the BBC's Any Questions to read a light - hearted and hastily assembled set of limerick verses to mark the passing of the Chancellor 's credit - crunch Budget .
But can you do any better ?
Andrew Motion 's version is below but send your odes , sonnets or verse on the current recession to www.independent.co.uk/newseditor .
Poor Alistair Darling 's new Budget
Invites us to listen and judge it
As though we'd agree
It was better to be
Au fait with hard truth and not fudge it
But some difficult questions remain
When our pensions are all down the drain
Dole figures sky high
Debt figures awry
And high tax on what extras we gain
Whose fault can we honestly say
Must it be for things being this way ?
Banker pigs in the trough
MPs sure enough
And ourselves – what role did we play ?
I 'll just finish this short doggerel
With a personal comment as well .
The duty of writing
Lines short and exciting
On this , it ai n't mine but my heirs as PL .
Lewis Hamilton has admitted he did lie about what happened at the Australian Grand Prix , but only because he was told to by his McLaren team .
Hamilton has had the points he earned in that race taken away , and his reputation has been damaged badly .
Speaking in Malaysia ahead of Sunday 's Grand Prix , he said the problems he's had since are : " definitely the worst thing I 've experienced in my life " .
One of McLaren 's bosses , Dave Ryan , has been suspended for his actions .
Hamilton said : " I was instructed and misled by my team manager to withhold information and that 's what I did .
I sincerely apologise to the stewards for wasting their time . "
What happened at the race is very confusing , but now more information has been released , it 's getting clearer .
So what went on in Melbourne ?
Towards the end of the race the safety car went out onto the track .
At that point Toyota driver Jarno Trulli was in fourth and Hamilton was in third .
Then Trulli overtook Hamilton while the safety car was out , which is against the rules of the sport .
A meeting took place after the race that Hamilton and Ryan were at and they told the stewards what had happened in their opinion .
Trulli overtook Hamilton while the safety car was on the track
Trulli was given a 25 - second penalty by race officials , pushing him down to 12th place and moving Hamilton up to third .
At the meeting , Hamilton was asked if he slowed down to let Trulli overtake him and he said he had n't .
But later in the week a recording from the race revealed that Hamilton HAD slowed down to let Trulli through , after being told to by his McLaren team .
That meant Hamilton had lied to officials , which is why his points were taken away and he was disqualified from the race .
" Deliberately misleading "
Hamilton says he was only doing what he was told , but Formula One bosses have said his team was " deliberately misleading " when speaking to the stewards .
That means they knew what they were saying was n't right , and were trying to convince stewards something else had happened .
In the news conference Hamilton said : " I could not tell you how sorry I am for the embarrassment .
Hamilton is in Malaysia ahead of the Grand Prix on Sunday
" When I went into the meeting , I had no intention ( to lie ) .
I just wanted to tell my story and see what happened .
I was misled and that 's just how it went .
" I want to say sorry to all my fans .
I am not a liar or a dishonest person , I am a team player .
If the team ask me to do something , I generally do it .
" But I felt awkward and uncomfortable .
" This is not an easy thing to do , to step back and realise I was in the wrong .
But I was in the wrong , I was misled . "
The next race in the Formula One season is in Malaysia on Sunday morning .
Elizabeth Taylor 's European Cleopatra persists in the public imagination Cleopatra , the last Egyptian Pharaoh , renowned for her beauty , was part African , says a BBC team which believes it has found her sister 's tomb .
Queen Cleopatra was a descendant of Ptolemy , the Macedonian general who ruled Egypt after Alexander the Great .
But remains of the queen 's sister Princess Arsinoe , found in Ephesus , Turkey , indicate that her mother had an " African " skeleton .
Experts have described the results as " a real sensation . "
The discovery was made by Hilke Thuer of the Austrian Academy of Sciences .
" It is unique in the life of an archaeologist to find the tomb and the skeleton of a member of Ptolemaic dynasty , " she said .
They were real people and not the semi-mythical figures portrayed by Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor
Archaeologist Neil Oliver
" That Arsinoe had an African mother is a real sensation which leads to a new insight on Cleopatra 's family and the relationship of the sisters Cleopatra and Arsinoe . "
They lived at a turbulent time when the Roman empire was extending its power across the Mediterranean .
Cleopatra established alliances with the Roman leader Julius Caesar and , after his assassination , with his political supporter , General Mark Antony , to whom she was married .
" Cleopatra , Julius Caesar , Mark Antony - they are all iconic figures from history , " said archaeologist Neil Oliver who presents the BBC documentary .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It 's almost impossible to remember they were real people and not the semi-mythical figures portrayed by Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor .
It was like a splash of cold water in the face to be confronted by them as human beings , " he continued .
" When I stood in the lab and handled the bones of Cleopatra 's blood sister - knowing that in her lifetime she touched Cleopatra and perhaps Julius Caesar and Mark Antony as well - I felt the hairs go up on the back of my neck . "
" Suddenly these giant figures from history were flesh and blood , " said archaeologist Neil Oliver .
Cleopatra also looks European in this oil painting - owned by Michael Jackson
There was plenty of sibling rivalry between Princess Arsinoe and her powerful sister Cleopatra - many believe the queen ordered Mark Antony to murder her sister .
The film examines the life of Cleopatra - who had an affair with Julius Caesar - including her murderous intentions towards Arsinoe .
Cleopatra : Portrait of a Killer is on BBC One at 9 pm on 23 March 2009 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
KABUL , Afghanistan 
The men , hollow - eyed and matted , start coming at dawn , shuffling into the remains of the old Soviet Cultural Center , which in its day staged films celebrating the glories of a new era .
These days , the shell of the abandoned building serves as perhaps the world ’s largest gathering spot for men looking to satisfy their lust for heroin and opium .
Stooping in the darkened caverns of the place , amid the waste and exhalations of hundreds of others , the men partake of the drug that has begun to wreak its deathly magic in the very country where it is produced .
One such man , who called himself Mohammed Ofzal , struck a match beneath a piece of foil and sucked in the blue smoke that rose from the liquefying little mass .
Then he sat back in a crouch , legs shaking a little .
His eyes , glazed and half - shut , stared blankly at the floor .
“ My parents are fed up with me ; they are telling me to quit , ” Mr. Ofzal said .
He said he was 18 .
His clothes , unlike nearly everyone else ’s in the gathering post , were pressed and clean .
He said he would go home soon ; he would not be spending the night .
“ If you do n’t take care of yourself , you could die here . ”
Vice President Cheney ’s crew is putting out advances this morning on today ’s speech at AEI , offering ‘ praise ’ for Obama when
he deserves an answer when he leads the country in the wrong direction .
Clearly there ’s going to be a lot of mano a mano razzmatazz that the media tries to gin up around this .
But for those who want to remain among the lucid , let ’s not forget who the former vice president is .
This is someone who not only organized and seemingly directed a policy of state - sponsored torture .
He did it in large part to get people to admit to crankish conspiracy theories he got taken in by by a crew of think - tank jockeys in DC whose theories most even half way sensible people treated as punch lines of jokes .
So it ’s Torquemada or 1984 but only after getting rescripted by Mel Brooks .
This is an extremely gullible man who has just come off being the driving ideological force in an administration that most people can already see produced more fiascos and titanic , self - inflicted goofs than possibly any in our entire history .
By any standard the guy is a monumental failure — and not one whose mistakes stem in some Lyndon Johnson fashion from tragic overreach , but just a fool who damaged his country through his own gullibility , paranoia and bad judgment .
Whatever else you can say about the Cheney story it ai n’t Shakespearean .
So as we see the big reporters trying to put him on some sort of equal footing with President Obama today , let ’s remember that the great majority of Americans see Dick Cheney , accurately , as a clown .
And mockery is n’t just the most effective but also the most morally apt response to the man .
T- Mobile may not carry the iPhone in the US , but it 's at least committed to supporting it .
The Consumerist has posted an article detailing a customer 's experience after a recent T - Mobile " system update , " which apparently caused some serious issues with unlocked iPhones running on the network .
While you may think you know how this one ends ( angry customer , indifferent giant corporation ) , you might be somewhat surprised at the end result .
The system update in question led to " blank text messages from the future " and a " flurry of texts " would arrive whenever a voicemail was received .
To add insult to injury , the text - messages were costing the user some money , as he did n't have an unlimited texting plan .
Many of the affected users notified T - Mobile customer service and the company actually responded — regardless of the unsupported phone .
T- Mobile told the customer that it was aware of the issue and was working to fix the problem hopefully within six months .
Additionally , the representative awarded a one month credit to this particular iPhone user .
Fortunately for all the users experiencing the issue , T - Mobile had the problem fixed in a matter of days instead of months .
News of the fix came from a T - Mobile representative posting on a Hackintosh forum .
( Talk about under - promising and over - delivering . )
In an age when we do n't expect much out of costumer service in general , it 's nice to see a positive story like this pop up .
Hopefully for those using the service provider , T - Mobile will continue to support the iPhone as well as it did this time around .
Factory workers exposed to high levels of formaldehyde were more likely to die of cancers of the blood and lymphatic system than workers with low - level exposures , according to a study by researchers at the National Cancer Institute .
But the risk of dying of these cancers diminished over time after the exposure stopped , said Laura E. Beane Freeman , lead author of the study , which was published online Tuesday in The Journal of the National Cancer Institute .
The research looked at some 14,000 deaths among 25,619 workers , most of them white men , who began working before 1966 at 10 plants that produced formaldehyde and formaldehyde resin .
In the four ensuing decades , the researchers found , workers with the highest peak exposures to formaldehyde had a 37 percent greater risk of death from all blood and lymphatic cancers combined than those with lower peak exposures .
Cheese chasers risk serious injury for the chance of winning a muddied cheese at the bottom of a slippery hill .
Many countries boast bizarre traditions and the annual Cheese Rolling at Cooper ’s Hill is one of the most spectacular and hazardous of rural English customs .
Several people were sent to hospital during the event , in which the participants roll , slide and tumble down the hill .
OAKLAND , Calif . --
Leaders of this economically hard - hit city are proposing to tax medical marijuana as a way to help close a record budget shortfall .
Oakland 's City Council last week approved a 1.8 % tax on medicinal marijuana sold in the city .
If voters pass the proposal in a July election , Oakland would become the nation 's first city to directly tax the drug , medical - marijuana advocates say .
Such ...
Sometimes , reading about the Middle East , or at least about Israel , Iran , and nuclear weapons , feels like your most basic broken - record phenomenon .
As New York Times op - ed columnist Roger Cohen reminded readers recently , there 's nothing new about Israeli predictions that Iranian " madmen " -- or rather , as Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , the head of a rather extreme new government , put it recently , " a messianic apocalyptic cult " -- would soon have nuclear weapons in their hands .
The charges and predictions of the imminent arrival of the Iranian bomb go back well into the 1990s and yet , despite Iran 's growing nuclear enrichment program , we still do n't know what the true predilections of its leaders are on the basic issue of weaponization .
( They might , for instance , be planning to opt for the Japan " solution , " not weaponizing , but simply being capable of doing so relatively quickly . )
The other part of that broken - record phenomenon concerns Israel 's nuclear arsenal , which I wrote about at TomDispatch back in 2003 , since which time remarkably little has changed .
One of the genuinely strange aspects of just about anything you can read here in the U.S. on nuclear weapons and the Middle East is this : all fear and much print ( and TV time ) is focused on whether the Iranians may someday , in the near or far future , get a nuclear weapon ; that is , we 're focused on a weapon that does n't yet exist and , for all we know , may never exist .
In the meantime , just about no mention is ever made of Israel 's massive nuclear arsenal , which includes city - busting weapons , and leaves that tiny country as perhaps the fifth largest nuclear power on the planet .
In addition , at least some of its nuclear weapons are on submarines in the Mediterranean , which means that the country is invulnerable to the madness of a take - out first strike by any other nation .
This is simply reality .
The Israelis have long taken a position in which , as Jonathan Schell once put the matter , " They wo n't confirm or deny that they have [ nuclear weapons ] , but they have this curious phrase : ' We will not introduce nuclear weapons into the Middle East . '
Evidently , in some abstruse way , possessing them is not introducing them . "
Our media has , in essence , accepted the Israeli approach to its arsenal as if it were a reasonable reportorial stance on the subject .
It 's from within this distinctly unbalanced world of heightened fear and silence that we read of both the dangers of the Iranian bomb and responses to it , which is in itself , simply put , dangerous .
Recently , warnings from Israel about possible future attacks on Iran have multiplied .
Roane Carey , managing editor of the Nation magazine and co-editor of The Other Israel , is in Israel at the moment on a journalism fellowship at the Chaim Herzog Center for Middle East Studies and Diplomacy .
As his first piece for this site , I asked him to offer an assessment from that country of just how dangerous the most recent warnings and threats actually are .
Tom
JERUSALEM -- Israel has been steadily ratcheting up pressure on the United States concerning the grave threat allegedly posed by Iran , which seems poised to master the nuclear fuel cycle , and thus the capacity to produce nuclear weapons .
The new Israeli prime minister , Likud Party hawk Benjamin Netanyahu , has warned President Barack Obama that if Washington does not quickly find a way to shut down Iran 's nuclear program , Israel will .
Some analysts argue that this is manufactured hysteria , not so much a reflection of genuine Israeli fears as a purposeful diversion from other looming difficulties .
The Netanyahu government is filled with hardliners adamantly opposed to withdrawal from , or even a temporary freeze on , settlements in the occupied territories , not to mention to any acceptance of Palestinian statehood .
On his first day as foreign minister , extremist demagogue Avigdor Lieberman , with characteristic bluster , announced that Israel was no longer bound by the 2007 Annapolis agreements brokered by Washington , which called for accelerated negotiations toward a two - state settlement .
Such talk threatens to lead the Israelis directly into a clash with the Obama administration .
In what can only be taken as a rebuttal of the Netanyahu government 's recent pronouncements , in his speech to the Turkish Parliament Obama pointedly reasserted Washington 's commitment to a two - state settlement and to the Annapolis understandings .
So what better way for Netanyahu to avoid an ugly clash with a popular American president than to conveniently shift the discussion to an existential threat from Iran -- especially if he can successfully present it as a threat not just to Israel but to the West in general ?
All of this adds up to a plausible argument against undue alarm over the latest Israeli warnings about an attack on Iran , but it 's flawed on several grounds .
There is a broad , generally accepted paranoia in Israel about Iran , a belief that its leaders must be stopped before they proceed much further in their uranium enrichment program .
( This view is not shared on the Israeli left , but it 's now a ghost of its former self . )
In an interview for TomDispatch , Ephraim Kam , deputy director of the Institute for National Security Studies in Tel Aviv and a specialist on the Iran issue , commented , " Of course there are different opinions , but there is a general consensus , among both security experts and political leaders , from Labor to the right wing .
This is not a controversial issue : if Iran acquires nuclear weapons , it will pose a deep threat .
It will be the first time in our history that another country can deal a major blow to Israel . "
Kam hastens to add that , in his own view , the scenario Netanyahu proposes -- that Iran is led by irrational fanatics who would nuke Israel at the first chance , even knowing that an Israeli nuclear counterstrike would be swift and catastrophic -- is false .
" Iran is a pragmatic , logical player , " Kam says .
He remains convinced that " even a radical fundamentalist regime " would n't attack Israel , but he adds , " This is just my assessment , and assessments can go wrong .
I wrote a study on wrong assessments , so I know something about this . "
In other words , if Kam 's claims about the Israeli consensus are correct , the country 's leadership takes it for granted that Iran is indeed hell - bent on producing a nuclear weapon and is not inclined to take a chance that a nuclear Iran will play by the MAD ( as in mutually assured destruction ) rules hammered out by the two Cold War superpowers decades ago and never use it .
This attitude reflects a longstanding Israeli strategic principle : that no neighboring state or combination of states can ever be allowed to achieve anything faintly approaching military parity , because if they do , they will try to destroy the Jewish state .
By this logic , Israel 's only option is to establish and then maintain absolute military superiority over its neighbors ; they will , so this view goes , accept Israel 's presence only if they know they 're sure to be defeated , or at least vastly outmatched .
This is the famous " iron wall , " conceived by early Zionist leader Vladimir Jabotinsky more than 80 years ago , well before the founding of Israel itself .
( Jabotinsky founded the Revisionist movement , which in opposition to the Labor mainstream refused to accept any territorial compromise regarding Zionist aims , such as partition .
Although he and his followers were for years shut out of the political leadership , their views regarding Israel 's neighbors became deeply lodged in the public psyche . )
If Iran were to acquire the capacity to build even one nuke -- Israel itself is estimated to have 150 - 200 of them -- that iron wall would be considered seriously breached , and the country might no longer be able to dictate terms to its neighbors .
Given Iran 's support for Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in Gaza , Israel would then have to recalibrate its strategy both on its northern front and vis-à - vis the Palestinians .
Recent developments in Israel could certainly give the impression of a nation preparing for war : the Home Front command , one of four regional divisions of the Israeli army , has just announced the largest defense exercise in the country 's history .
It will last an entire week and is intended to prepare the civilian population for missile strikes from both conventional warheads and unconventional ones ( whether chemical , biological or nuclear ) .
Meanwhile , the country is accelerating its testing of missile defense systems , having just announced the successful launch of the Arrow II interceptor .
Can Israel Go It Alone ?
Would Israel really attack Iran without at least tacit approval from Washington ?
Could Israel do so without such approval ?
At the very least , Israel would need approval simply to get permission to fly over Iraq , whose airspace is controlled by the U.S. military , not the Iraqi government in Baghdad .
As columnist Aluf Benn put it in the Israeli newspaper Ha'aretz , " Defense experts say that without a green light from Washington , Netanyahu and Barak will not be able to send in the air force . "
Kam adds , " In my judgment , it is somewhere between difficult to impossible for Israel to do it alone , for both technical and political reasons . "
Most analysts here believe that a solo Israeli attack would , at best , set back Iran 's nuclear program by several years -- not that this would necessarily be a deterrent to Netanyahu & Co .
It 's widely believed that , in their view , even a temporary delay in Iran 's nuclear capability would be an improvement on the current course .
It 's worth recalling that Israel sought an explicit go - ahead from the Bush administration for an attack last year , which President Bush -- presumably fearing massive conventional retaliation from Iran in both Iraq and Afghanistan -- sensibly refused , a rare moment in his tenure when he did not accede to Israeli wishes .
It 's also clear that President Obama seeks to resolve the standoff with Iran through diplomatic means .
He 's abandoned the confrontational rhetoric of his predecessor and continues to extend peace feelers to the Islamic Republic .
Tehran 's response has been mixed , but at least a new mood of negotiation is in the air .
Israeli strategists , however , see this new mood as threatening , not hopeful .
Any U.S. rapprochement with Iran -- especially if carried out on terms that acknowledge Iran 's status as a regional power -- could , they fear , undermine Israel 's " special relationship " with Washington .
As Iran analyst Trita Parsi put it in a recent piece in the Huffington Post , Iran would then " gain strategic significance in the Middle East at the expense of Israel . "
It 's within the realm of possibility , for example , that Washington could work out a grand bargain with Tehran terminating its policy of regime change and ending sanctions in return for Tehran 's vow never to weaponize its nuclear program .
Intrusive international inspections would presumably guarantee such a bargain , but Tehran 's national pride would remain intact , as it would be allowed to retain the right to enrich uranium and develop a peaceful nuclear infrastructure .
There has even been some recent slippage in Washington 's language when it comes to demands placed on Iran -- with an insistence on an end to all nuclear enrichment evidently being replaced by an insistence on no weapons development .
To Israel , this would be a completely unsatisfactory compromise , as its leaders fear that Iran might at some point abandon such an agreement and in fairly short order weaponize .
Given Obama 's new approach , it might seem that Israel is stymied for now .
After all , it 's hard to imagine Obama giving the go - ahead for an attack .
Just this week , Vice President Joe Biden told CNN that he thought such an Israeli attack " would be ill - advised . "
Other factors , however , play in the hardliners ' favor : the Obama administration 's new special envoy for Iran , Dennis Ross , is himself a hardliner .
Last year , Ross was part of an ultra - hawkish task force that predicted the failure of any negotiations and all but called for war with Iran .
Ross is a man who not only knows how to play the bureaucratic game in Washington , but has powerful backers in the administration , and his views will have plenty of support from pro-Israel hawks in Congress .
The attitude of another key sector in decision - making , the high command of the U.S. military , may also be evolving .
Washington 's dilemma in Iraq is not nearly as dire as it was two years ago .
The nightmare envisioned by the American generals running the Iraq campaign in recent years -- that , in response to an attack on its nuclear facilities , Iran could send tens of thousands of well - trained commandos across the border and inflict grave damage on U.S. forces -- has faded somewhat .
The Iraqi government 's military has much better control of the country today , with insurgent violence at far lower levels .
The Shiite Mahdi Army and Iran - connected " special groups " seem to be mostly quiescent .
Of course , the situation in Iraq is still unstable , and any attack on Iran could easily throw the country back into ungovernable chaos .
Still , given the role we know American commanders played in nixing such an attack in the Bush years , the question remains :
Has resistance to such an attack lessened in the military ?
It 's unclear , but an issue worth monitoring , because American commanders were the most consistent , persuasive voices for moderation during the Bush administration .
It should go without saying that an Israeli attack on Iran would have disastrous consequences .
No matter what Washington might claim , or how vociferously officials there denounce it , such an attack would be widely understood throughout the Muslim world as a joint U.S. - Israeli operation .
It would , as a start , serve as a powerful recruiting tool for extremist Islamist groups .
In addition , an outraged Iran might indeed send commandos into Iraq , aid armed Iraqi groups determined to attack U.S. and government forces , shoot missiles into the Saudi or Kuwaiti oilfields , and attempt to block the Straits of Hormuz though which a significant percentage of global oil passes .
Washington would certainly have to write off desperately needed cooperation in the war against the Taliban and al - Qaeda in Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Any attack would only strengthen the reign of the mullahs in Iran and reinforce the country 's determination to acquire a nuclear deterrent force that would prevent future attacks .
And keep in mind , Iran 's nuclear program has overwhelming public support , even from those opposed to the current regime .
Given the Netanyahu government 's visible determination to attack , an ambiguous signal from Washington , something far less than a green light , could be misread in Tel Aviv .
Anything short of a categorical , even vociferous U.S. refusal to countenance an Israeli attack might have horrific consequences .
So here 's a message to Obama from an observer in Israel :
Do n't flash the yellow light -- not even once .
Roane Carey , on leave as managing editor of the Nation magazine , is on a journalism fellowship at the Chaim Herzog Center for Middle East Studies and Diplomacy at Ben-Gurion University in Beer - Sheva , Israel .
He is co-editor of The Other Israel ( New Press ) .
Copyright 2009 Roane Carey
• ' I do n't think we played as well as we can ' • Ferdinand rues two ' soft goals '
The Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson paid tribute to Barcelona after his team 's 2 - 0 defeat in Rome , admitting that the Catalans deserved their triumph and had played better than a sub-par United .
" We got into good positions but in fairness we were beaten by the better team , " said a magnanimous Ferguson .
" I do n't think we played as well as we can but we were against a good team . "
Ferguson admitted that he gambled on his attacking line - up , playing Wayne Rooney on the left and Cristiano Ronaldo at centre - forward .
But neither could penetrate the Barcelona defence as United lost to their opponents ' feared combination of Samuel Eto'o and Lionel Messi , who scored a goal apiece .
" The first goal was a killer for us , " said Ferguson , referring to Eto'o 's opener after 10 minutes .
" We started vibrantly but once they scored we were up against it .
We could n't keep the ball all night . "
Ferguson said that his side will learn from their defeat and take plenty of positives from a season in which they won the Premier League and Carling Cup , and were chasing an historic quadruple before being beaten in the FA Cup semi-final .
" They have done well , " Ferguson said of his team .
" We have had a long season - this was 66 games .
They need credit for their resilience and for some of the football they have played . "
The United defender Rio Ferdinand also admitted that Barcelona were the better side in Rome , ruing two " soft goals " that cost his team the match .
" On a night like this you need to be able to play your best football and we did n't produce it , " Ferdinand said .
" You have to give credit to Barcelona .
They played well .
I do n't think any one of us can say we played well as individuals or collectively . "
The Barcelona striker Thierry Henry said that his team had to beat the world 's best to claim glory .
" Manchester United are the best team in the world - they won it in January - and you have to give respect to them to come back again , " said the former Arsenal forward , who played 75 minutes on his return from a month on the sidelines with a knee injury .
" I have been waiting so long to get this title .
Finally , today . "
Keeping Things Civil
Empire
It was , sadly enough , all too easy .
Because we have n't had a civil war in the past fourteen decades , people think we can't have one now .
Where is the geographic clarity of the Mason - Dixon line ?
When you look at the red - state blue - state division in the past few elections , you get a false impression .
The real division is urban , academic , and high - tech counties versus suburban , rural , and conservative Christian counties .
How could such widely scattered " blue " centers and such centerless " red " populations ever act in concert ?
Geography aside , however , we have never been so evenly divided with such hateful rhetoric since the years leading up to the Civil War of the 1860s .
Because the national media elite are so uniformly progressive , we keep hearing ( in the elite media ) about the rhetorical excesses of the " extreme right . "
To hear the same media , there is no " extreme left , " just the occasional progressive who says things he or she should n't .
But any rational observer has to see that the Left and Right in America are screaming the most vile accusations at each other all the time .
We are fully polarized -- if you accept one idea that sounds like it belongs to either the blue or the red , you are assumed -- nay , required -- to espouse the entire rest of the package , even though there is no reason why supporting the war against terrorism should imply you 're in favor of banning all abortions and against restricting the availability of firearms ; no reason why being in favor of keeping government - imposed limits on the free market should imply you also are in favor of giving legal status to homosexual couples and against building nuclear reactors .
These issues are not remotely related , and yet if you hold any of one group 's views , you are hated by the other group as if you believed them all ; and if you hold most of one group 's views , but not all , you are treated as if you were a traitor for deviating even slightly from the party line .
It goes deeper than this , however .
A good working definition of fanaticism is that you are so convinced of your views and policies that you are sure anyone who opposes them must either be stupid and deceived or have some ulterior motive .
We are today a nation where almost everyone in the public eye displays fanaticism with every utterance .
It is part of human nature to regard as sane those people who share the worldview of the majority of society .
Somehow , though , we have managed to divide ourselves into two different , mutually exclusive sanities .
The people in each society reinforce each other in madness , believing unsubstantiated ideas that are often contradicted not only by each other but also by whatever objective evidence exists on the subject .
Instead of having an ever - adapting civilization - wide consensus reality , we have became a nation of insane people able to see the madness only in the other side .
Does this lead , inevitably , to civil war ?
Of course not -- though it 's hardly conducive to stable government or the long - term continuation of democracy .
What inevitably arises from such division is the attempt by one group , utterly convinced of its rectitude , to use all coercive forces available to stamp out the opposing views .
Such an effort is , of course , a confession of madness .
Suppression of other people 's beliefs by force only comes about when you are deeply afraid that your own beliefs are wrong and you are desperate to keep anyone from challenging them .
Oh , you may come up with rhetoric about how you are suppressing them for their own good or for the good of others , but people who are confident of their beliefs are content merely to offer and teach , not compel .
The impulse toward coercion takes whatever forms are available .
In academia , it consists of the denial of degrees , jobs , or tenure to people with nonconformist opinions .
Ironically , the people who are most relentless in eliminating competing ideas congratulate themselves on their tolerance and diversity .
In most situations , it is less formal , consisting of shunning -- but the shunning usually has teeth in it .
Did Mel Gibson , when in his cups , say something that reflects his upbringing in an antisemitic household ?
Then he is to be shunned -- which in Hollywood will mean he can never be considered for an Oscar and will have a much harder time getting prestige , as opposed to money , roles .
It has happened to me , repeatedly , from both the Left and the Right .
It is never enough to disagree with me -- I must be banned from speaking at a particular convention or campus ; my writings should be boycotted ; anything that will punish me for my noncompliance and , if possible , impoverish me and my family .
So virulent are these responses -- again , from both the Left and the Right -- that I believe it is only a short step to the attempt to use the power of the state to enforce one 's views .
On the right we have attempts to use the government to punish flag burners and to enforce state - sponsored praying .
On the left , we have a ban on free speech and peaceable public assembly in front of abortion clinics and the attempt to use the power of the state to force the acceptance of homosexual relationships as equal to marriages .
Each side feels absolutely justified in compelling others to accept their views .
It is puritanism , not in its separatist form , desiring to live by themselves by their own rules , but in its Cromwellian form , using the power of the state to enforce the dicta of one group throughout the wider society , by force rather than persuasion .
This despite the historical fact that the civilization that has created more prosperity and freedom for more people than ever before is one based on tolerance and pluralism , and that attempts to force one religion ( theistic or atheistic ) on the rest of a nation or the world inevitably lead to misery , poverty , and , usually , conflict .
Yet we seem only able to see the negative effects of coercion caused by the other team .
Progressives see the danger of allowing fanatical religions ( which , by some definitions , means " all of them " ) to have control of government -- they need only point to Iran , Saudi Arabia , the Taliban , or , in a more general and milder sense , the entire Muslim world , which is oppressed precisely to the degree that Islam is enforced as the state religion .
Conservatives , on the other hand , see the danger of allowing fanatical atheistic religions to have control of government , pointing to Nazi Germany and all Communist nations as obvious examples of political utopianism run amok .
Yet neither side can see any connection between their own fanaticism and the historical examples that might apply to them .
People insisting on a Christian America simply cannot comprehend that others view them as the Taliban - in - waiting ; those who insist on progressive exclusivism in America are outraged at any comparison between them and Communist totalitarianism .
Even as they shun or fire or deny tenure to those who disagree with them , everybody thinks it 's the other guy who would be the oppressor , while our side would simply " set things to rights . "
Rarely do people set out to start a civil war .
Invariably , when such wars break out both sides consider themselves to be the aggrieved ones .
Right now in America , even though the Left has control of all the institutions of cultural power and prestige -- universities , movies , literary publishing , mainstream journalism -- as well as the federal courts , they feel themselves oppressed and threatened by traditional religion and conservatism .
And even though the Right controls both houses of Congress and the presidency , as well as having ample outlets for their views in nontraditional media and an ever - increasing dominance over American religious and economic life , they feel themselves oppressed and threatened by the cultural dominance of the Left .
And they are threatened , just as they are also threatening , because nobody is willing to accept the simple idea that someone can disagree with their group and still be a decent human being worthy of respect .
Can it lead to war ?
Very simply , yes .
The moment one group feels itself so aggrieved that it uses either its own weapons or the weapons of the state to " prevent " the other side from bringing about its supposed " evil " designs , then that other side will have no choice but to take up arms against them .
Both sides will believe the other to be the instigator .
The vast majority of people will be horrified -- but they will also be mobilized whether they like it or not .
It 's the lesson of Yugoslavia and Rwanda .
If you were a Tutsi just before the Rwandan holocaust who did not hate Hutus , who married a Hutu , who hired Hutus or taught school to Hutu students , it would not have stopped Hutus from taking machetes to you and your family .
You would have had only two choices : to die or to take up arms against Hutus , whether you had previously hated them or not .
But it went further .
Knowing they were doing a great evil , the Hutus who conducted the programs also killed any Hutus who were " disloyal " enough to try to oppose taking up arms .
Likewise in Yugoslavia .
For political gain , Serbian leaders in the post - Tito government maintained a drumbeat of Serbian manifest - destiny propaganda , which openly demonized Croatian and Muslim people as a threat to good Serbs .
When Serbs in Bosnia took up arms to " protect themselves " from being ruled by a Muslim majority -- and were sponsored and backed by the Serbian government -- what choice did a Bosnian Muslim have but to take up arms in self - defense ?
Thus both sides claimed to be acting in self - defense , and in short order , they were .
And as both Rwanda and Bosnia proved , clear geographical divisions are not required in order to have brutal , bloody civil wars .
All that is required is that both sides come to believe that if they do not take up arms , the other side will destroy them .
In America today , we are complacent in our belief that it can't happen here .
We forget that America is not an ethnic nation , where ancient ties of blood can bind people together despite differences .
We are created by ideology ; ideas are our only connection .
And because today we have discarded the free marketplace of ideas and have polarized ourselves into two equally insane ideologies , so that each side can , with perfect accuracy , brand the other side as madmen , we are ripe for that next step , to take preventive action to keep the other side from seizing power and oppressing our side .
The examples are -- or should be -- obvious .
That we are generally oblivious to the excesses of our own side merely demonstrates how close we already are to a paroxysm of self - destruction .
We are waiting for Fort Sumter .
I hope it does n't come .
Meanwhile , however , there is this novel , in which I try to show characters who struggle to keep from falling into the insanity -- yet who also try to prevent other people 's insanity from destroying America .
This book is fiction .
It is entertainment .
I do not believe a new American civil war is inevitable ; and if it did happen , I do not believe it would necessarily take the form I show in this book , politically or militarily .
Since the war depicted in these pages has not happened , I am certainly not declaring either side in our polarized public life guilty of causing it .
I only say that for the purposes of this story , we have this set of causes ; in the real world , if we should ever be so stupid as to allow a civil war to happen again , we would obviously have a different set of specific causes .
We live in a time when people like me , who do not wish to choose either camp 's ridiculous , inconsistent , unrelated ideology , are being forced to choose -- and to take one whole absurd package or the other .
We live in a time when moderates are treated worse than extremists , being punished as if they were more fanatical than the actual fanatics .
We live in a time when lies are preferred to the truth and truths are called lies , when opponents are assumed to have the worst conceivable motives and treated accordingly , and when we reach immediately for coercion without even bothering to find out what those who disagree with us are actually saying .
In short , we are creating for ourselves a new dark age -- the darkness of blinders we voluntarily wear , and which , if we do not take them off and see each other as human beings with legitimate , virtuous concerns , will lead us to tragedies whose cost we will bear for generations .
Or , maybe , we can just calm down and stop thinking that our own ideas are so precious that we must never give an inch to accommodate the heartfelt beliefs of others .
How can we accomplish that ?
It begins by scorning the voices of extremism from the camp we are aligned with .
Democrats and Republicans must renounce the screamers and haters from their own side instead of continuing to embrace them and denouncing only the screamers from the opposing camp .
We must moderate ourselves instead of insisting on moderating the other guy while keeping our own fanaticism alive .
In the long run , the great mass of people who simply want to get on with their lives can shape a peaceful future .
But it requires that they actively pursue moderation and reject extremism on every side , and not just on one .
Because it is precisely those ordinary people , who do n't even care all that much about the issues , who will end up suffering the most from any conflict that might arise .
Coworker : “ Yes , miss .
I understand it ’s an emergency , But let me ask my coworker .
He probably knows what you ’re looking for ! ”
Me : “ What ’s going on ? ”
Coworker : “ This woman was sent in looking for an item .
She said it ’s called a… a… something capacitor . ”
Me : “ Well , we do n’t really carry any capacitors here .
That ’s more of a true electronics store thing . ”
Customer : “ Please , it ’s my son ’s birthday and my husband says that we desperately need to find a 120 volt flux capacitor for my son ’s Xbox ! ”
Me : “ Ma’am , unless you have a Mr. Fusion , I do n’t know where you ’re gonna need something like that . ”
Customer : “ What do you mean ?
My husband said this was an emergency !
I have been to three stores and no one knows what I ’m talking about ! ”
Me : * laughs *
“ Well , your husband sent you for a part to a time machine . ”
Customer : “ I am going to kill that man ! ”
In my previous First Look , I expressed my slight disappointment with the KDE version of Linux Mint and concluded that I would rather stick with its main , GNOME desktop environment edition .
That was version 6 , also known as Felicia , a great release from the wonderful Linux Mint Team .
I was delighted today when I saw the latest entry on their official website announcing the immediate availability of Linux Mint 7 " Gloria " Release Candidate 1 .
Though I usually write First Looks only for final versions , seeing Mint 's new features I could n't help it this time .
So , without further ado , here are our test machine hardware specifications :
· AMD K8 n Force 250 Gb Motherboard · AMD Sempron 2800 + Processor · Nvdia GeForce FX5500 Video Card · 512 MB RAM · LG CD-RW /DVD-ROM Drive · 17 " BENQ T720 Monitor
With that out of the way , let me tell you that Gloria comes on a regular - sized CD ISO , covering almost 690 MBs on your disc .
After the quick download & burn process , I was ready to see if Linux Mint 7 could make me consider using it as my main system .
Being based on the fresh Ubuntu 9.04 , the Live environment was quick to appear on my screen from where I immediately went for the permanent install option .
As expected , the process is identical to that of Ubuntu's , so you should n't have any problems with the installation .
About 10 minutes later , Linux Mint 7 RC prompted me to restart the system and remove the CD from the tray .
Another minute later and I was greeted with what instantly became my favorite login screen ever .
The default theme in Gloria ( including the login screen ) is Shiki - Mint , quite similar to the great New Wave one .
That , combined with the awesome Gnome Colors icon set and the atmospheric Mint - Dew wallpaper , makes for some high - placed first impressions .
Though I wanted to stare at that login screen for another couple of minutes , I snapped out of it and typed in my credentials .
I frugally mentioned something about the Mint Menu , but I like it so much that I have to write more about it .
At first , one will think that it 's the same old expanded GNOME menu , but Linux Mint has some aces up its sleeve .
All the applications now have a comment line underneath them so you will get a quick overview of the application 's functionalities .
That was available in the previous releases too , but it 's now enabled by default .
So I told you what is n't installed by default , now it 's time to give you a quick overview of the software that comes with your Gloria system .
Linux
Mint really tries to make the distribution unique and that can be seen in both Firefox and Thunderbird , two applications that are used by most users .
Mozilla Firefox ( which , by the way , is at its latest 3.0.10 version ) has the Mint Search Enhancer extension that does exactly what it says .
Go to Google , search for something and you will get some really useful links next to the usual Google ones that appear right above the search field .
Through them you can quickly redo the same search but on other popular websites like Amazon , IMDb , Flickr , Wikipedia , Youtube or Answers.com .
Thunderbird on the other hand , comes preinstalled with the Lightning add - on that brings calendaring functionalities to the great email client .
Rhythmbox 0.12.0 perfectly manages your music collection and also provides access to various online streaming services .
OpenOffice , Brasero , XChat , Pidgin are also there for a complete desktop experience .
As usual , Linux Mint comes with Flash , Java and the whole suite of codecs needed to access and run most multimedia files .
Moreover , there is now support for Silverlight 1.x and the Moonlight plugin is installed in Firefox .
mintInstall , as I said in the KDE Edition First Look , is , in my opinion , the best software manager there is .
Screenshots for almost all applications are available right from inside it and I also noticed something new : a Featured applications button that will display a selection of some of the most popular programs : Adobe Acrobat Reader , Audacity , Google Earth , Skype , VirtualBox , Songbird , Microsoft TrueType Fonts , etc .
Our graphics card was immediately recognized after install and the drivers were ready to unleash some Compiz eye - candy in no time .
The Visual Effects tab in the appearance control panel has an extra " Preferences " button that will take you to the Simple CompizConfig Settings Manager from where you can turn on or off some of the most popular effects .
As you probably realized , I absolutely enjoyed every minute spent with Linux Mint 7 Release Candidate and I 'm seriously thinking about using it as my main OS when the final version comes out .
I have no doubts that Gloria will be a glorious release !
Download Linux Mint 7 " Gloria " Release Candidate right now from Softpedia .
Technology.am ( Apr. 18 , 2009 ) — Chinese firm Shenzhen AEE Wireless Technology Co Ltd displayed the world ’s smallest video camera at the Hong Kong Electronics Fair .
The dimensions of this video camera , “ Mini DV , ” are 55 x 20 x 18 mm , and its volume and weight are 20cm3 and 50g , respectively .
“ This camera can enable people cycling or skiing , pet animals and radio control toys to shoot video , ” AEE said .
The company has reduced the size by focusing on image recording function .
The Mini DV camera is not outfitted with a monitor for checking images , and recorded images can be viewed only after they are transferred to a PC .
The camcorder applies a 2 - Mpixel CMOS sensor .
It shoots 640 x 480 - pixel images at 30 fps , compresses the images with the JPEG format and stores them in the AVI format by using a microSD memory card of up to 8 Gbytes .
The interface for PC connection is USB 2.0 .
When the camcorder is connected to a PC , images can be output to a PC in real time .
Its Li-ion secondary battery has a capacity of 260mAh , allowing two hours of continuous shooting .
The Mini DV is equipped with a clip for attaching the camera to clothing .
And AEE offers a version including a mount that allows users to attach the camera to a helmet , etc , and is intended for shooting while playing sports .
SPACE TODAY ONLINE
Covering Space From Earth to the Edge of the Universe
Some new changes to the Guitar Hero franchise have been announced for the series ’ fifth installment .
The first one is the Band Moments feature , which rewards the members of a band for playing different note patterns in sync .
This feature will be tailored into the songs from all 85 artists included in the game , 25 of which have never appeared in a music game before .
The Guitar Hero Music Studio , which allows the creation of songs , is also getting a redesign .
Though , no further details have been offered .
Stay tuned on PSLS as we keep you up to date on this title .
[ Source ]
Hamas security forces have released 30 persons , two hours after arresting them at an event in Gaza commemorating the the late Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat , the Ma’an News reported on Friday .
The al - Mezan Center for Human Rights confirmed that security forces had detained Fatah supporters at an event at the home of Palestinian Legislative Council ( PLC ) member Ashraf Juma ’a in Rafah .
Four Reuters journalists , summoned for questioning by security forces , were also released after being questioned for an hour .
According to Israel ’s Foreign Press Association , the journalists had been ordered to hand over all footage and photos of the event .
‘ The police cut the power supply , and tried to confiscate the equipment , but we were able to stop them ’ , Ashraf Juma ’a of Fatah stated , ‘ This act does not come from people who want reconciliation ’ .
The police raid at the Rafah event comes amidst reports that Hamas had refused to allow Fatah to rally in Gaza to honor to the late president .
The two spies were allies and kindred spirits .
Robert Seldon Lady , the CIA station chief in Milan , and Col. Stefano D’Ambrosio , the local head of the SISMI , Italy ’s intelligence agency , shared pride in their fight against terrorism and disdain for self - serving bosses .
On a fall day in 2002 , the American made an explosive revelation .
He told D’Ambrosio that , over his objections , a CIA team was in Milan doing reconnaissance for the “ rendition ” of an Egyptian extremist ideologue .
The American was worried that the risky operation would ruin his carefully built alliances , D’Ambrosio testified years later , and could even lead to a shootout between the Americans and the Italians if things went awry on the street .
With an urgent look , spy to spy , Lady said : “ Talk to your people . ”
Advertisement
D’Ambrosio recalled that he got the unspoken message : “ In other words , he says . . .
‘ This whole thing is so crazy that if . . . two operational chiefs in the field , who know the area , who work in this territory , say that an action is completely crazy , probably they will back off . ’ ”
Four months after the conversation in Milan , the CIA allegedly abducted the cleric and flew him to Egypt , where he was tortured for months .
An international scandal ensued :
The accused abductors left a sloppy trail of phone activity , credit card charges and photo IDs that allowed Milan authorities to prosecute 26 Americans ( in absentia ) , including the now - retired Lady , and seven Italian officials .
The brazen nature of the alleged rendition has gotten much attention .
But the trial has also revealed how the Bush administration ’s drastic tactics shook up the secret world of U.S. intelligence work overseas .
Testimony has featured remarkable allegations about feuds and rogue conduct .
The case apparently made and crushed careers and spread betrayal and suspicion among U.S. and Italian anti-terrorism officials .
On the witness stand in October , D’Ambrosio summed it up : “ We were between the tragic and the ridiculous . ”
Advertisement
The case arose from an extrajudicial practice known as “ extraordinary rendition , ” in which U.S. intelligence officials have secretly abducted terrorism suspects and transported them to secret detention facilities or to countries that subject the suspects to harsh interrogation and , sometimes , torture .
Unless otherwise noted , the following account is based on testimony during the trial , which has slogged on almost two years .
Tragic figure
Lady seems a rather tragic figure at the heart of the case : a veteran spy who , after the Sept. 11 attacks , established himself as a point man in the shadows of the battle against the Islamic extremist underworld .
Although he took risks to try to stop the abduction , in the end he allegedly became one of its dutiful architects .
Advertisement
The bearded , curly - haired Lady , now 55 , spoke excellent Italian .
He thrived in the convivial culture of Italian law enforcement , doing business over espresso and long lunches , hosting barbecues .
He cultivated bonds with anti-terrorism units of agencies that are wary of one another : the SISMI spy service , the paramilitary Carabinieri and the national police .
He passed along valuable leads from U.S. intercepts and offered cash and high - tech equipment for costly stakeouts .
“ We all had excellent relationships with him because this was a very affable and professionally accessible person , ” testified Luciano Pironi , a Carabinieri lieutenant who confessed to a hands - on role in the abduction .
“ I think he had given CIA souvenirs to half of Milan . ”
Lady also developed his own agents at a mosque that was a European hub for Al Qaeda , targeting a network suspected of sending militants to training camps in northern Iraq .
He helped Milan anti-terrorism police build a case against the rendition target , Abu Omar , regarded as a vehement ideologue in the group .
At a discreet sit - down with D’Ambrosio in October 2002 , however , Lady said that his CIA bosses had decided to circumvent the police and abduct Abu Omar , supposedly hoping to force him to become an informant .
As a result , Lady was embroiled in a feud in his own agency .
The American told D’Ambrosio that he had an “ awful ” relationship with the CIA ’s Rome station chief , who resented Lady ’s criticisms of the planned rendition and had sent a tough deputy to Milan to make sure he followed orders .
Advertisement
D’Ambrosio was dumbfounded .
When Lady told him that the SISMI had dispatched Italian agents to help a team from the CIA ’s paramilitary “ special operations group ” stalk the Egyptian , D’Ambrosio realized that his own bosses were keeping him in the dark about the plan .
Warning issued
Lady said he warned higher - ups that the idea was a colossal mistake .
He said “ it would eliminate from the area a subject who was known to counter - terrorism forces , ” D’Ambrosio said .
“ We knew what [ Abu Omar ] did , who he met , where he met them .
. . .
It would cause grave harm , because at the moment Abu Omar was substituted in his post , we would have to start all over again , with the risk that terrorist projects perhaps in the initial stage could be executed .
. . .
The subject they wanted to abduct was not certainly a subject who posed an imminent danger .
Abu Omar did not go around with an AK - 47 ready to shoot children . ”
Advertisement
CIA bosses dismissed objections and got clearance from top officials in Washington .
D’Ambrosio testified : “ I ’ll tell you my impression .
. . .
The only motive was career advancement .
That is , to show Washington that [ the Rome station chief ] was a tough enough and skilled enough person to pull it off . ”
D’Ambrosio said he hurried to Bologna to urge his boss , Marco Mancini , to abort “ an action in my territory . . . [ that ] was not only wrong but extremely dangerous .
I expressed complete dissent . ”
Mancini seemed surprised only that the American had confided in D’Ambrosio .
A few weeks later , Mancini ordered D’Ambrosio ’s transfer to Rome .
Commiserating in Milan , Lady told his friend that the CIA chief in Rome had demanded D’Ambrosio ’s head .
And Lady made a startling disclosure about Mancini , who soon became the No. 2 chief of the Italian spy agency .
“ He told me that Mancini had offered himself to the CIA as a double agent , ” D’Ambrosio recalled .
“ And he said the CIA had made a negative response to the offer .
. . .
An analysis done by CIA psychologists based on conversations with Mancini had revealed according to them that Mancini had an extremely venal character . ”
Advertisement
Mancini and other Italian officials deny that allegation .
In addition to the Abu Omar case , Mancini has been charged with criminal conspiracy in a corruption scandal involving illegal wiretaps and an Italian telephone company .
Despite Lady ’s initial objections , he is accused of setting up the abduction on Feb. 17 , 2003 .
He allegedly recruited Pironi , the Carabinieri lieutenant , who confessed to using his badge to stop Abu Omar before masked men dragged him into a van .
Pironi testified that Lady rewarded him with a paid six - day trip to the United States featuring a visit to CIA headquarters , where two top officials for European operations thanked him .
Meanwhile , the CIA ’s former Rome station chief -- a defendant in the Milan trial -- was promoted after the rendition , Italian investigators said .
American and Italian spymasters have been accused of efforts at a cover-up .
Two weeks after the disappearance , the CIA allegedly sent Italian agencies a false report indicating that Abu Omar had gone to the Balkans .
Advertisement
It took a year until Abu Omar was freed from prison in Egypt and resurfaced .
The official story began to unravel .
But Lady ’s hard - won alliances and friendships with Italian police had already fallen apart amid suspicion and silence .
The U.S. government has refused to comment .
The Italian government has tried to scuttle the prosecution in the name of state secrecy laws .
Responding to a high court decision on a government appeal , the judge here will decide Wednesday whether the trial can continue and what evidence can be used .
--
rotella@latimes.com
Advertisement
Rotella was recently on assignment in Milan .
Joey , the abandoned baby Koala
Mr Face - in - the - Sprinkle
Sam , the thirsty Koala
If you 've listened to the newsreel in these days you certainly have heard about the exceptional heat wave that have hit some regions of Australia and the terribles bush fires that are one of the consequencies .
The heat wave and the blazes have already killed more than one hundred human beings .
You can imagine how many Koalas , slow and tightly depending on the trees where they live , have died .
Now I want to focus on three stories with an happy end about koalas that have survived thanks to people that have helped them .
Normally Koalas almost never drink water .
They get fluids from the eucalyptus leaves they eat .
On the other hand in extreme situations like the one of these days , when temperature goes widely over the 40 degrees , they need much more water and they are perfectly able to drink .
In the following stories you 'll have some nice examples .
Joey is a baby koala that was found some days ago shaking and looking very sick beneath the verandah of Mrs Tracey Young .
It was later discovered that he had been deserted by its sick mum and left to roast in the blistering temperatures .
Probably his mum had become distressed and disorientated by the heat so she left the baby on its own without even realising .
Blisteringly hot conditions forced the baby koala out of its tree , he find relief in the shadow of the verandah where he was eventualy found by the children of Mrs Young .
The best part of the story start now as you can see in the pictures taken by Mrs Young :
When she filled a bucket with water the cute creature gets a handle on the it quite shylythen it realised what it wasand started immediately to drinkand finally , why not , he thought it was the perfect moment for a cool bath !!
and it really seems to like it ....
It was taken away for care treatment by a wildlife officer shortly after .
Its mother , meanwhile , has returned to their tree and is on the lookout for her baby .
the second sory is about a Koala that was found cooling off in Hahndorf , South Australia , in a very funny way : Oblivious to anything else , the young male koala had eyes only for the sprinkler on a 43 - degree day .
Once he was thorougly soaked , the little fella did n't mind a quick dry off with a towel :
The third story is the most famous because it has been widely covered by many news media Sam , as it was nicknamed by its rescuer , Local CFA firefighter David Tree ( with that surname he was destined to become friend of a koala !!! ) , is a Koala that was found injured in the ashes in the area of Mirboo North after deadly fires .
The picture of Sam , bewildered and badly burned , drinking water from the bottle offered by Dave has quickly travelled all over the world .
Sam has immediately become a star and a symbol , he was later taken to the house of Mrs Colleen Wood ( another incredibly fitting surname ! ) where it received loving care and its deeply burned hands were treated .
Above every other health - care goal , Democrats this year want to institute a " public option " -- an insurance program financed by taxpayers , managed by government and open to everyone , much like Medicare .
This new middle - class entitlement is the most important debate in Congress this year , because it really is the last stand for anything resembling private health insurance .
This public option will supposedly " compete " with private alternatives .
As President Obama likes to put it , those who are happy with the insurance they have ...
By Jon Leyne
BBC News , Tehran
The accused is alleged to have targeted women praying at shrines
Iranian authorities have said a woman accused of being a serial killer said she took her ideas from the novels of British crime author Agatha Christie .
The woman stands accused of the murder of at least six people , most of them middle - aged or elderly women .
According to the prosecutor in the provincial city of Qazvin , the woman , 32 , has confessed to a series of carefully planned murders .
She has been described as Iran 's first female serial killer .
Drugged and strangled
Apparently the suspect told the police that she had taken her ideas from the novels of Agatha Christie .
Just like Agatha Christie 's villains , she made careful plans to conceal her crimes .
The woman targeted middle - aged or elderly women at shrines where they were praying .
After offering them lifts , she gave them fruit juice spiked with anaesthetic , then strangled the victims , and stole their jewellery and other possessions .
The bodies were dumped at secluded spots .
The woman told police she committed the crimes over a four month period , in order to pay off debts of around US $ 25,000 ( £ 15,000 ) .
( CNNMoney.com ) -- Chrysler and GM employees are on the edge of their seats , waiting to find out what will be left standing after the dust settles .
Meanwhile , a vast network of companies outside Detroit are bracing for impact .
Ready or not , the thousands of dealerships and suppliers to the auto goliaths are going to feel the aftershocks of the industry 's titanic shift .
But the owners have mixed feelings about what the future holds for their companies .
Caught between the bankruptcy of Chrysler and the bankruptcy of General Motors ( GM , Fortune 500 ) is Patrick Berrang of Waynesboro , Va. , one of the nearly 800 dealers who received a note from Chrysler saying that his dealer agreement had been severed .
Before he received the letter , 70 % of Berrang 's business was Chrysler vehicles and the remainder was GM brands such as Pontiac , GMC and Cadillac .
" I hope the judge is sympathetic , " Berrang says of his petition to remain a Chrysler dealer .
" I did n't see this coming at all .
Now , they 've only given me three weeks to shut down , but if I had sent in an application to become a Chrysler dealer , it would take more than three weeks for them to get back to me ! "
GM has said it plans to pare its network of 6,000 dealerships to as few as 3,600 by next year , and Chrysler is seeking to terminate nearly 800 dealers .
The jobs of tens of thousands of employees are at stake .
Berrang has 30 employees , but anticipates scaling that down to eight or fewer , depending on the outcome of his Chrysler petition and GM 's bankruptcy ultimatums .
He says that if GM cuts him loose , he 'll be forced to sell only used cars to keep his business alive .
" The worst case scenario is losing both franchises .
If that happened , it would take a miracle to seek and sign up with another franchise , " Berrang says .
Suppliers are also in limbo at the moment , awaiting news of which vehicle lines will live to see another day .
But while some suppliers are struggling to stay alive , others are well positioned to take advantage of the auto manufacturers ' new business models .
Robert Adams , vice president of manufacturing at Camaco LLC , is excited to see that GM is focusing on cutting costs by direct sourcing from tier two suppliers like his company .
Camaco makes seat frames , headrests and armrests and traditionally passes those parts to tier one suppliers who assemble them and pass the completed car seat to the OEM .
Several years ago , Camaco , based in Novi , Mich. , started working directly with Ford , alongside Ford 's tier one suppliers , to create seats for its new lines of cars .
" It did n't make us a tier one supplier , but it sort of made us a tier one - and - a - half supplier , " Adams explains .
" And the result was that we could get more direct access to the OEM , better take care of the engineering requirements and generally be more efficient . "
Adams says that in his 40 years working in the automotive industry , this downturn is the most insidious yet .
He has had to shrink overhead and reduce staff in areas of Camaco that make products for large vehicles .
But he 's optimistic that if GM emerges to follow in the footsteps of Ford ( F , Fortune 500 ) , his company will be poised to increase business with them .
Berrang hopes for his dealership 's sake that GM , regardless of its new business model , will treat him better than Chrysler did if the company chooses to close his doors .
" I hope they will at least honor the current dealer agreements through October 2010 , " he says .
" I hope they give us 60 to 90 days notice if they do n't renew it , followed by a chance to appeal it . "
To write a note to the editor about this article , click here
Downplaying the infections
( Natural News ) The World Health Organization has revised its pandemic alert scale this week , right in the midst of a swine flu outbreak .
Under the new criteria , arating indicates human - to - human spread of a virus , arating indicates human - to - human spread of the virus into at least two countries in one region , and arating indicates a global pandemic with widespread outbreaks .
Interestingly , the WHO is quite aware that swine flu has now spread to Mexico , the United States and Canada , as is evidenced by this statement on their website : ... and yet , amazingly , the WHO has not yet raised the swine flu alert level to the phase for which it clearly qualifies ( Phase 5 ) .
After all , has n't this swine flu virus already achieved " human - to - human spread into at least two countries in one region ? "
( Mexico , the U.S. and Canada , by my counting , would qualify ascountries in one region . )
So why is the WHO not following its own well - defined guidelines for categorizing viral outbreaks ?
It seems that the decision makers at the WHO , along with Mexico 's health authorities , are working hard to make swine flu appear less dangerous than it really is .
Infections are spreading by the day , with new countries found to be infected on a daily basis .
The death toll in Mexico City is rising quickly , and the virus is cropping of simultaneously in cities and nations around the globe ( a highly unusual spread pattern , historically speaking ) .
Is this not enough to warrant a Phase 5 declaration ?
Interestingly , at the same time , the U.S. Dept. of Homeland security has done essentially nothing to restrict air travel from Mexico or to screen arriving passengers for swine flu infections .
Sure , they claim to be running a " passive screening " program now , but that only amounts to " DHS personnel on the lookout for sniffles . "
It 's hardly a robust screening program like the ones set up in the airports of Asian nations .
Given the behavior of Swine Flu so far , the response of world health authorities to this outbreak seems suspiciously apathetic .
I 've studied all the major pandemic outbreaks since 1918 , and I 've never read about a new , highly - contagious influenza virus appearing almost overnight in eight different countries .
That fact alone should be alarming to anyone familiar with infectious disease agents .
Sure , the fatality rate in the U.S. may seem low right now , but it was probably low in Mexico City early on , too .
The deaths might start to kick inthan the original carrier infections .
So the fact that the U.S. has so far escaped any swine flu deaths ( officially , anyway ) may only be a matter of timing , not a measure of actual danger posed by the virus .
With infection numbers rising fast -- over 100 students in a single New York City school are now confirmed with the infection -- the U.S. is bound to start seeing more severe swine flu cases emerge .
After a lengthy development cycle that included delays and furious testing , Microsoft has finally given the public Service Pack 2 for Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 ( final build is 6.0.6002.18005 ) .
You can download the installer from the Microsoft Download Center : 32 - bit ( 348.3MB ) , 64 - bit ( 577.4MB ) , and IA64 ( 450.4MB ) .
There 's also an ISO image ( 1376.8 MB ) that contains these installers .
The installers will work on English , French , German , Japanese , and Spanish versions of either Vista or Server 2008 .
Other language versions will arrive later .
Those interested in slipstreamed versions of Vista and Server 2008 with SP2 will need to get an MSDN or TechNet subscription .
If you have any beta versions of SP2 installed , they must be uninstalled prior to installing the final version .
To do this , use the Control Panel applet called Programs and Features , select View installed updates , and then under Windows look for KB948465 .
SP2's main requirement ( assuming no incompatible drivers are detected ) is that SP1 is already installed .
During the beta phase , it was speculated that this is because SP2 is not yet finalized , but the truth is that SP1 is a prerequisite even now .
The reason for this is size : Microsoft wants the size of SP2 to be smaller ( if SP2 was cumulative , it would make for a huge download ) .
Server 2008 shipped with SP1 already installed ( meaning SP2 is actually the first service pack for Server 2008 ) , including the contents of the SP1 client code .
SP2 applies to both the client and server versions of Windows because Microsoft adopted a single serviceability model to minimize deployment .
Also , by releasing one single service pack , Microsoft has less testing to do , since Vista and Server 2008 have the same binaries for all common files , making for a quicker release ( SP1 was released 14 months ago ) .
There are a few significant additions that are included in SP2 : Windows Search 4.0 , Bluetooth 2.1 Feature Pack , the ability to record data on to Blu - Ray media natively in Vista , Windows Connect Now ( WCN ) is now in the Wi-Fi Configuration , and exFAT file system supports UTC timestamps .
The service pack contains 836 hotfixes .
For those interested in a more complete changelog , I 've included one below :
Hardware ecosystem support and enhancements SP2 adds support for the 64 - bit central processing unit ( CPU ) from VIA Technologies , which adds the ID and vendor strings for the new VIA 64 - bit CPU .
SP2 integrates the Windows Vista Feature Pack for Wireless , which contains support for Bluetooth v2.1 and Windows Connect Now ( WCN ) Wi-Fi Configuration .
Bluetooth v2.1 is the most recent specification for Bluetooth wireless technology .
SP2 improves performance for Wi -Fi connections after resuming from sleep mode .
SP2 includes updates to the RSS feeds sidebar for improved performance and responsiveness .
SP2 includes ability to record data to Blu - Ray Disc media .
Operating system experience updates SP2 includes Windows Search 4.0 , which builds on Microsoft ’s search technology with improved indexing and search relevance .
It also helps find and preview documents , e-mail ( including signed e-mail messages ) , music files , photos , and other items on the computer .
The search engine in Windows Search 4.0 is a Microsoft Windows � service that is also used by programs such as Microsoft Office Outlook � 2007 and Microsoft Office OneNote� 2007 .
Autotuning Diagnostics in SP2 now interprets current network conditions when implementing Windows scaling .
This feature includes full netsh support .
SP2 improves Windows Media Center ( WMC ) in the area of content protection for TV .
SP2 removes the limit of 10 half open outbound TCP connections .
By default , SP2 has no limit on the number of half open outbound TCP connections .
Enterprise improvements SP2 provides the Hyper - V virtualization environment as a fully integrated feature of Windows Server 2008 , including one free instance with Windows Server 2008 Standard , four free instances with Windows Server 2008 Enterprise and an unlimited number of free instances with Windows Server 2008 Datacenter .
SP2 increases the authentication options for WebDAV redirector , enabling Microsoft Office users greater flexibility when authenticating custom applications using the WebDAV redirector .
SP2 provides an improved power management ( both on the server and the desktop ) , which includes the ability to manage these settings via Group Policy .
SP2 improves backwards compatibility for Terminal Server license keys .
Windows Server 2008 changed the licensing key from 512 bytes to 2,048 bytes which caused clients using older Terminal Server versions to fail .
SP2 allows legacy license keys on Citrix applications to work with Windows Server 2008 Terminal Server .
Setup and deployment improvements Provides a single installer for both Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 .
Includes the ability to detect an incompatible driver and either block service pack installation or warn users of any potential loss of functionality .
Provides better error handling and descriptive error messages where possible .
Improves manageability through logging in the system event log .
Provides a secure install experience .
Includes the ability to service the installer post release .
More details on SP2 are available on TechNet .
According to this document , SP2 is scheduled to begin arriving via Automatic Updates on June 30 , 2009 .
If you do n't want to download it from the Microsoft Download Center , try checking manually for updates on Windows Update .
Tangled Alphabets at the MoMA
The show at the Museum of Modern Art is essential viewing for anyone interested in 20th - century art , and it often displays a taut aesthetic repartee .
But it also sometimes feels halfhearted .
Most interesting stories on the internet !
First there was the irony of Bristol Palin going on national TV as an advocate for sexual abstinence .
I did n’t mention it in here , because I have a lingering case of Palin burnout .
But when the story moves into hypocrisy , I just ca n’t resist .
It turns out that the campaign that Bristol Palin was participating in is sponsored by Candie ’s , a clothing line for girls .
And the model used by Candie ’s to promote their clothing is none other than Britney Spears .
So , while they are using Bristol Palin to try to convince girls to not have sex , at the same time they are using Britney Spears to sell ultra-sexy clothing to these same girls .
Kinda reminds you of those insidiously evil advertising campaign from the tobacco companies that told teens that they should n’t smoke , because “ smoking is for adults ” .
Very recently , Gilles Chehade ( gilles@ ) imported his smtpd into OpenBSD base .
Since then , there 's been some activity around the code in cvs .
To give users some insight into the reasons for writing smtpd and the design behind it , Gilles writes in with a developer blog on smtpd .
I had been running Postfix for four or five years when I decided to switch to sendmail .
Postfix had a license that prevented it from getting commited into base , which meant it would not get audited and would force me to go through more work to keep it updated and reinstalled after each OpenBSD reinstall ... twice a year .
I had rather simple needs so the stock sendmail would do just fine .
A few months ago , I had to dive into the configuration of sendmail to make a very small change .
It turns out I spent almost an hour trying to make sense out of a maze of files that were plain unreadable .
Even the slightest changes would cause me to stand a couple minutes thinking , just trying to make sure I really wanted to make that change .
It pissed me off enough that I grabbed my laptop and a copy of rfc2821 with me to the pub where I started writing the first bricks of a very simple smtp server .
After two or three hours , I had a little piece of code which would understand a simple smtp session , with no protocol error checking , and would deliver it to my mailbox in both Maildir and mbox formats .
It was not THAT great , but it was just enough to keep me motivated ;-)
The next days I studied imsg and started making use of it while I implemented privilege separation , privilege dropping and chrooting into smtpd .
I commited all the code to the private cvs repository that I was using , and showed it to chl@ so he could tell me what he thought about it .
chl@ started reading the code and sending more and more diffs , the smtpd soon got basic support for aliases , mailer daemons and relaying .
After a couple weeks of hard work and late commits , I contacted pyr@ and told him about smtpd while showing him the code and a proof of concept running on one of my servers .
I was a bit nervous about his reaction but he was quite motivated as he had ... ideas ;-)
pyr@ was ok with most of the code except that it was n't doing things in the OpenBSD way and he wanted smtpd to be fully asynchronous .
We decided that the best idea would be to create a separate cvs module where he would basically put the infrastructure for smtpd .
Infrastructure contained mostly code that does not know anything about the smtp protocol but was rather aimed at providing an OpenBSD look and feel to the code and config .
He did an amazing job , the new parse .y replaced my named - like syntax with a pf - like one which turned something like :
listener 127.0.0.1:25 { hostname mx1.poolp.org domain poolp.og { store to mbox } }
into the almost final :
listen on 127.0.0.1 port 25 hostname mx1.poolp.org accept domain " poolp.org " store to mbox
His code also simplified the setup and use of imsg through the entire project .
Smtpd has several processes and setting up the pipes correctly is not as easy as it looks .
He came up with an elegant solution which is likely to be adapted elsewhere later .
Work continued at a slower pace until I was able to go to Slackathon , where I had a lot of free time to fix broken code and implement new features .
The smtp trafic was limited which made me run into bugs which would trigger in weird situations ( i.e. being able to resolve a remote MX but not being able to connect to it ) but also forced me into coding features such as the " relay via " which I would use to redirect smtp trafic and bypass a MX resolution to perform a direct connection to another host .
During Slackathon , I made a lot of progress on supporting aliases and virtual users , implemented forward files so that it became possible to run applications like vacation ( 1 ) , improved support for grey listing and made various changes to the queue so that it would be simpler and would not consume as much memory under heavy load .
Since I came back from Sweden , I spent most of my hacking time trying to clean up , make code simpler and fixing all bugs I 've been made aware of .
smtpd has been running on my own server for several weeks , allowing me to spot " live " bugs and fixing them .
Recently , I started implementing very basic and limited support for SMTP AUTH , which is one of the features I need and has been requested the most , the goal being to have this support work out of the box .
The current state of smtpd is basically " do n't use it live unless you want to help test and spot bugs " , but out of the box it currently supports :
IPv6 fully , it accepts , resolves and connects to IP v6 enabled hosts
SSL / TLS if a certificate is found in /etc / mail / certs /
aliases / virtual users / forward files
using external MDA such as procmail
There is still a loooooot of work to do though ...
A lot of developers have provided very helpful comments and testing , they know who they are and they deserve a HUGE thanks ;-)
* West Antarctic meltdown less severe than predicted
* Would raise sea levels 3.3 metres , vs 5 - 6 in past studies
* Impact still severe , U.S. coasts to suffer most
OSLO , May 14 ( Reuters ) - A meltdown of West Antarctica 's ice sheet would raise sea levels by half as much as previously expected , but the impact would still be catastrophic , especially for U.S. coastal cities , a study showed .
A collapse of the ice sheet , viewed by scientists as more vulnerable than Greenland or East Antarctica because of global warming , would push up world sea levels by 3.3 metres ( 11 ft ) over hundreds of years rather than 5 - 6 as long estimated .
" The long - term impact of West Antarctica is not be as serious as previously believed , " said Jonathan Bamber , a professor at Bristol University in England who led the study in Friday 's edition in the journal Science .
" But 17 million people in Bangladesh alone would be displaced by a sea level rise of 1.5 metres , " he told Reuters .
" The consequences for the planet and stability of society as a whole for even a 1 - 2 metres rise is very , very serious . "
Sea levels off North America would rise more than anywhere else under the new projections , by Bamber and experts at University of Durham in England and Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands .
Antarctica 's vast mass exerts a gravitational tug that raises water levels in the Southern Ocean .
If that ice were to melt , computer models project that sea levels would rise fastest around North America , while falling in the Southern Ocean .
" Levels on the U.S. seaboards would rise 25 percent more than the global average and threaten cities like New York , Washington DC , and San Francisco , " the University of Colorado at Boulder , where Bamber is now a visiting fellow , said in a statement .
ICEBERGS
West Antarctica is believed to be vulnerable because much of its ice rests on bedrock below sea level .
Global warming , blamed by the U.N. Climate Panel on human use of fossil fuels , could let water seep in under the ice and make giant chunks buoyant .
Any such collapse would probably last hundreds years , leaving West Antarctica as a series of islands .
Bamber said there is evidence that West Antarctica has collapsed in the past , perhaps as recently as 400,000 years ago .
The vast East Antarctic sheet , equivalent to about 50 metres of sea level rise , and Greenland , equivalent to 7 metres , rest on bedrock above sea level .
About 10 ice shelves further north on the Antarctic Peninsula have broken up in recent years , most recently part of the Wilkins Ice Shelf shattered into icebergs last month .
The U.N. Climate Panel projected in a 2007 report that world sea levels would rise by between 18 and 59 cm ( 7 - 24 inches ) this century because of global warming -- excluding any accelerating thaw of Antarctica or Greenland .
Bamber 's study , which updated data from a 1978 report that estimated a 5 - 6 metre rise , looked solely at the risks of collapse of West Antarctica .
The pattern of sea level rise would be different -- especially in the Atlantic -- if Greenland shrank simultaneously .
-- For Reuters latest environment blogs click on :
blogs.reuters.com/environment/
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
The winner of a pancake - eating contest dropped dead after gorging himself on 43 of the cream and banana stuffed desserts .
Boris Isayev , 48 , from west Russia , collapsed to his knees and died on stage after stuffing himself with pancakes in a competition to mark the end of the region ’s ‘ Pancake Week ’ .
" He had really enjoyed the pancakes but then he started foaming at the mouth and went down like a sack of stones , " one witness said .
" We have seen people fainting [ during such contests ] before , " she added .
Onlookers tried to revive the man , but he died on the stage .
Witnesses apparently described Isayev as “ the most active participant in the contest " adding that he " ate all the types of pancakes on offer and won fairly . ”
The exact cause of death is not clear but doctors believe he choked after a piece of pancake got lodged in his throat .
These are Excellent videos for those who would like to know more about rifle shooting .
They are great for both the beginner and the expert who needs a refresher .
The series focuses on the M1 garand , but the techniques can be applied to any rifle .
part one covers sling usage and shooting positions .
Part 2 covers sight adjustments and also has one of the BEST explanations of windage adjustments EVER .
The film was made in 1942 / 43 for the war department and is now in the public domain , so it can be copied and recopied at will .
Please give a copy to anyone you may think would be interested in becoming a better shooter then visit www.rwva.org to find out about an APPLESEED shoot .
Special thanks to Jack A Sol of the Revolutionary War Veterans Association for making these videos available to the general public .
Addeddate 2006-08-12 19:23:28 Color color Identifier Rifle_Marksmanship_with_M1_Rifle_Part_1
Sound sound Year 1942
LONDON ( Reuters ) -
Up to 70 percent of melanoma skin cancers may be triggered by a gene mutation that causes cells to become cancerous after excessive exposure to the sun , researchers said Monday .
The discovery could lead to better treatments for the most deadly form of skin cancer after scientists at Britain ’s Institute of Cancer Research established the BRAF gene mutation is often the first event in the cascade of genetic changes leading to melanoma .
Scientists already knew the BRAF gene was frequently damaged in patients with melanoma , but it was unclear if this was a cause or effect of the cancer .
The British institute published its findings in the journal Cancer Cell .
“ Our study shows that the genetic damage of BRAF is the first step in skin cancer development , ” said lead author Richard Marais .
“ Understanding this process will help us develop more effective treatments for the disease . ”
The hope is that knowing the genetics behind skin cancer will lead to the development of targeted drugs that can fix the faulty genetic machinery .
While melanoma accounts for only a small percentage of skin cancers , it is responsible for most skin cancer deaths .
The disease is characterized by the uncontrolled proliferation of pigment - producing skin cells called melanocytes .
Over -exposure to sunlight is to blame for at least two - thirds of cases as DNA in sunburnt skin cells becomes damaged , leading to the genetic mutations .
Bloated Empire and the Financial Crash Editor ’s Note : News coverage of today ’s brutal recession wears blinders when it comes to some reasons for the financial crash : how America ’s overextended global empire contributed to the 9/11 attacks , how the Fed propped up the post - 9/11 economy with low interest rates , and how the easy money created the housing bubble .
Though the bubble helped cover the costs of George W. Bush ’s Iraq War and kept the U.S. economy afloat through Election 2004 , it created the conditions for today ’s financial crisis , which the Fed is now trying to resolve by again slashing interest rates almost to zero to create a new bubble , as the Independent Institute ’s Ivan Eland notes : A few — and only a few — prescient commentators have questioned whether the U.S. can sustain its informal global empire in the wake of the most severe economic crisis since World War II .
And the simultaneous quagmires in Iraq and Afghanistan are leading more and more opinion leaders and taxpayers to this question .
Email
Printer friendly But the U.S. Empire helped cause the meltdown in the first place .
War has a history of causing financial and economic calamities .
It does so directly by almost always causing inflation — that is , too much money chasing too few goods .
During wartime , governments usually commandeer resources from the private sector into the government realm to fund the fighting .
This action leaves shortages of resources to make consumer goods and their components , therefore pushing prices up .
Making things worse , governments often times print money to fund the war , thus adding to the amount of money chasing the smaller number of consumer goods .
Such “ make - believe ” wealth has funded many U.S. wars .
For example , the War of 1812 had two negative effects on the U.S. financial system .
First , in 1814 , the federal government allowed state - chartered banks to suspend payment in gold and silver to their depositors .
In other words , according Tom J. DiLorenzo in Hamilton ’s Curse , the banks did not have to hold sufficient gold and silver reserves to cover their loans .
This policy allowed the banks to loan the federal government more money to fight the war .
The result was an annual inflation rate of 55 percent in some U.S. cities .
The government took this route of expanding credit during wartime because no U.S. central bank existed at the time .
Congress , correctly questioning The Bank of the United States ’ constitutionality , had not renewed its charter upon expiration in 1811 .
But the financial turmoil caused by the war led to a second pernicious effect on the financial system — the resurrection of the bank in 1817 in the form of the Second Bank of the United States .
Like the first bank and all other government central banks in the future , the second bank flooded the market with new credit .
In 1818 , this led to excessive real estate speculation and a consequent bubble .
The bubble burst during the Panic of 1819 , which was the first recession in the nation ’s history .
Sound familiar ?
Although President Andrew Jackson got rid of the second bank in the 1830s and the U.S. economy generally flourished with a freer banking system until 1913 , at that time yet another central bank — this time the Federal Reserve System — rose from the ashes .
We have seen that war ultimately causes the creation of both economic problems and nefarious government financial institutions that cause those difficulties .
And of course , the modern - day U.S. Empire also creates such economic maladies and wars that allow those institutions to wreak havoc on the economy .
The Fed caused the current collapse in the real estate credit market , which has led to a more general global financial and economic meltdown , by earlier flooding the market with excess credit .
That money went into real estate , thus creating an artificial bubble that eventually came crashing down in 2008 .
But what caused the Fed to vastly expand credit ?
To prevent a potential economic calamity after 9/11 and soothe jitters surrounding the risky and unneeded U.S. invasion of Iraq , Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan began a series of interest rate cuts that vastly increased the money supply .
According to Thomas E. Woods , Jr. in Meltdown , the interest rate cuts culminated in the extraordinary policy of lowering the federal funds rate ( the rate at which banks lend to one another overnight , which usually determines other interest rates ) to only one percent for an entire year ( from June 2003 to June 2004 ) .
Woods notes that more money was created between 2000 and 2007 than in the rest of U.S. history .
Much of this excess money ended up creating the real estate bubble that eventually caused the meltdown .
Ben Bernanke , then a Fed governor , was an ardent advocate of this easy money policy , which as Fed Chairman he has continued as his solution to an economic crisis he helped create using the same measures .
Of course , according to Osama bin Laden , the primary reasons for the 9/11 attacks were U.S. occupation of Muslim lands and U.S. propping up of corrupt dictators there .
And the invasion of Iraq was totally unnecessary because there was never any connection between al Qaeda or the 9/11 attacks and Saddam Hussein , and even if Saddam had had biological , chemical , or even nuclear weapons , the massive U.S. nuclear arsenal would have likely deterred him from using them on the United States .
So the causal arrow goes from these imperial behaviors — and blowback there from — to increases in the money supply to prevent related economic slowdown , which in turn caused even worse eventual financial and economic calamities .
These may be indirect effects of empire , but they can not be ignored .
Get rid of the overseas empire because we can no longer afford it , especially when it is partly responsible for the economic distress that is making us poorer .
Ivan Eland is Director of the Center on Peace & Liberty at The Independent Institute .
Dr. Eland has spent 15 years working for Congress on national security issues , including stints as an investigator for the House Foreign Affairs Committee and Principal Defense Analyst at the Congressional Budget Office .
His books include The Empire Has No Clothes : U.S. Foreign Policy Exposed , and Putting “ Defense ” Back into U.S. Defense Policy .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
This is one of the very best list of its kind where you can find the simplest online web designer ’s tools that are developed for designers and may be very helpful for you as well when you want to get your work done or just for fun .
I hope web designers will like this list , but you can also use them and will love them whether you are an office worker , a manager , a supervisor , a student , a home user , etc .
Most of them are not very well - known , but they are really amazing in respect to their features .
This is the list of 21 Free And Useful Web Tools For Web Designers .
Just take a look at them and share your thought ’s here .
You are welcome to share more Useful web tools that will be helpful for web designers and our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
You may be interested in these older posts
11 Most Popular Cross - Platform And Free Softwares
13 Most Useful Free Scripts That You Should Know
13 Simplest Free Web Tools That Are Absolutely Useful
5 Useful And Free Photo Viewers For Your Mac OS X
7 New And Useful Free Sites With Unique File Hosting Features
11 Premium But Free And Useful Web Apps For Designers
31 Power Tools For Twitter Lovers To Make Lives Easier
13 Premium - Like WordPress Themes That Are Free And Stunning
13 Simple And Elegant Free WordPress Themes
The 5 Best Free File Hosting Services To Store Your Files
7 New And Useful Free Sites With Unique File Hosting Features
Pixlr
Pixlr is a free online image editor , jump in and start edit , adjust , filter .
Stripemania
Stripemania is a simple and free web 2.0 tool to create seamless diagonal stripes for your designs .
You are able to choose the size of the stripes and the spacing between those .
You can even add color gradient effect for all of your stripes .
FreshGenerator
FreshGenerator is a webdesign tool which can create interesting graphic elements used in many web 2.0 sites .
ColorSchemer ColorPix
ColorPix is a useful little color picker that grabs the pixel under your mouse and transforms it into a number of different color formats .
You can use the built - in magnifier to zoom in on your screen , click on a color value to copy it directly to the clipboard , and even keep ColorPix on top of all other apps and out of the way .
Photoshop.com
This is your online photo sharing , editing and hosting resource .
You can upload , organize , edit , store ( up to 2 GB free ) and share your photos .
Are My Sites Up ?
Are My Sites
Up is a very simple service to help you keep an eye on your sites and warn you if they go down .
PatternCooler
Add your own colors to contemporary and retro pattern designs , or browse from thousands of pre-colored patterns in the seamless pattern background library .
All artworks on this site can be used freely on personal blogs , mobile phone wallpapers , MySpace profiles and non-commercial web projects .
Kuler
Adobe Kuler is the web - hosted application for generating color themes that can inspire any project .
No matter what you ’re creating , with Kuler you can experiment quickly with color variations and browse thousands of themes from the Kuler community .
Browsershots
Browsershots makes screenshots of your web design in different browsers .
It is a free open - source online service .
A number of distributed computers will open your website in their browser .
Then they will make screenshots and upload them to the central server .
RoundedCornr
This online tool generates HTML / CSS code and images to decorate your Web site with rounded corners and gradient .
Picreflect
Picreflect helps you to give the reflection on any image , to resize your image , to make them tranparent or rotate them to any angle .
What TheFont
For using WhatTheFont font recognition system , Just upload a scanned image of the font and instantly find the closest matches in their database .
Resize Image
This free service will help you to re-size your images with basic and advanced options .
Wordoff
Wordoff is simple and useful web tool that lets you remove unnecessary tags and styles from HTML code .
SUMO Paint
SUMO
Paint is an online image editor .
This is an easy to use professional tool for creating and editing images within browser .
CSS Layout Generator
This generator will create a fluid or fixed width floated column layout , with up to 3 columns and with header and footer .
Values can be specified in either pixels , ems or percentages .
Wix
With Wix you can create a free website or make free MySpace layouts and Flash MySpace layouts .
It ’s the simpler , faster , better way to build & design on the web .
net2ftp
net2 ftp is a web based FTP client .
It is mainly aimed at managing websites using a browser .
Edit code , upload / download files , copy / move / delete directories recursively , rename files and directories — without installing any software .
Color Wizard
The color wizard lets you submit your own base color , and it automatically returns matching colors for the one you selected .
splashup
Splashup is a powerful editing tool and photo manager .
With all the features professionals use and novices want , it ’s easy to use , works in real - time and allows you to edit many images at once .
BgPatterns
This is a web based tiled backgrounds designer , you can create any pattern your site needs just in few minutes .
Adjustable size , pictures , colors , texture and transparency is available .
There are several different ways to do this , but this is one way I was taught to do it at , of all places , a Girl Guides Camp !
It does work - we built several , and they did indeed produce distilled water .
You need :
A sheet of plastic or tarpaulin ( must be water - proof ) , approx .
5 ft by 5 ft , or bigger ;
Something to catch your water , such as a cup , bottle or ( small ) bucket ;
A stone , large pebble size ;
Something to dig with , such as a spade or shovel , or anything in an emergency , such as a big stick or sharp stone or even a knife .
Firstly , dig a hole , about 3 feet by 3 feet by 2 feet deep .
Choose the place which gets the most sun per day in the immediate area .
You get more water if the soil at the bottom of your hole is damp .
Put your cup / empty tin can / other water catcher at the bottom and centre of your hole .
Put any dirty or doubtful water at the bottom of your hole , so it is thoroughly damp .
You can also use seawater .
If you do n't have any seawater or dirty water , put juicy green plants there , or urine ( which will produce clean , distilled water only , do n't worry .... )
Put the plastic over the hole you 've dug , and make sure it 's sagging a bit in the middle , over your water catcher .
The use stones , wood and the soil you dug out of your hole to anchor the plastic to the ground .
Try to make it sealed , so water vapour does n't escape around the edges of your plastic sheet .
Lastly , put the stone on the secured plastic , directly over the water catcher .
The still works by causing the damp , dirty water , seawater , urine or succulent plants to produce water vapour .
This is prevented from escaping the hole by the plastic .
The stone on the plastic encourages the water vapour to condense , and drop into your water catcher .
President Barack Obama 's campaign pledge to shut the prison at Guantánamo Bay was rejected by his own party yesterday when Senate Democrats joined their Republican counterparts in voting not to pay for the closure .
The vote is the latest setback for the Obama administration , which has been widely criticised by supporters for deciding to restart the controversial military tribunals for detainees , first established by President George Bush , but halted by Obama when he came to office .
The 90 - 6 vote in the Senate follows a similar decision in the House of Representatives last week - a clear sign to Obama that he may struggle to convince the Democratic - controlled Congress to agree with his plans to shut down the detention centre and move the 240 detainees .
Last month , Obama asked for $ 80 m ( £ 60 m ) for the Pentagon and the US justice department to close the facility at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , by January .
The administration put its congressional Democratic allies in a difficult spot by requesting the Guantánamo closure money before developing a plan for what to do with its detainees .
Obama is scheduled to give a major address tomorrow outlining in more detail his plans for Guantánamo , but it 's already clear that Congress has little appetite for bringing detainees to US soil , even if the inmates would be held in maximum - security prisons .
Harry Reid , the Democratic leader in the Senate , said that none of Guantánamo 's detainees should be transferred to the US to stand trial or serve time in prison .
" We do n't want them around , " he said .
" I can't make it any more clear … We will never allow terrorists to be released in the United States . "
The vote came as FBI director Robert Mueller told Congress that he is concerned Guantánamo detainees could support terrorism if sent to the US .
Separately , a federal judge said the US can continue to hold some prisoners at Guantánamo indefinitely without any charges .
" The concerns we have about individuals who may support terrorism being in the United States run from concerns about providing financing , radicalising others , " Mueller said , as well as " the potential for individuals undertaking attacks in the United States " .
In recent weeks , Republicans have called for keeping Guantánamo open , saying abuses at the facility are a thing of the past and describing it as a state - of - the - art prison that 's nicer than some US prisons .
And they warn that terrorists who can't be convicted might be set free in the United States .
" The American people do n't want these men walking the streets of America 's neighbourhoods , " Senator John Thune , a Republican , said today .
" The American people do n't want these detainees held at a military base or federal prison in their backyard , either . "
But Obama 's new Pentagon policy chief , Michele Flournoy , said it is unrealistic to think that no detainees will come to the US , and that the government can't ask allies to take detainees while refusing to take on the same burden .
Obama ally Senator Dick Durbin , a Democrat , pointed out that not a single prisoner has ever escaped from a federal super maximum security prison and that 347 convicted terrorists are already being held in US prisons .
Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , among the few Republicans joining former GOP presidential nominee John McCain of Arizona in calling for Guantánamo to be closed , scoffed at the idea that the government can't find a way to hold Guantánamo prisoners in the United States .
Graham noted that 400,000 German and Japanese prisoners were held during the second world war .
" The idea that we cannot find a place to securely house 250 - plus detainees within the United States is not rational .
We have done this before , " Graham said .
" But it is my belief that you need a plan before you close Gitmo . "
While allies such as Durbin have cast the development as a delay of only a few months , other Democrats have made it plain they do not want any of Guantánamo 's detainees sent to the US to stand trial or serve prison sentences .
Sherlock Holmes
Detective Sherlock Holmes ( Downey Jr. ) and his stalwart partner Watson ( Law ) engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England .
Teens : Oral Sex and Casual Prostitution No Biggie
New documentary on prevalence of teen oral sex and sexual favors shocks parents .
May 28 , 2009  --
They do n't give their names , but viewers can see their faces plainly and what these teens are saying is shocking parents .
" I ended up having sex with more than one person that night and then in the morning I was trying to get morning - after pills , " one of the girls said .
" I was , like , 14 at the time . "
It 's just one of dozens of stories from teenage girls in a new documentary by Canadian filmmaker Sharlene Azam that aims to shed light on the secret , extremely sexual lives of today 's teens .
Have a question about teens and oral sex ?
Click here and Claire Shipman may answer online .
Also check out Claire Shipman 's blog by clicking here .
After four years researching for the documentary , Azam told " Good Morning America " that oral sex is as common as kissing for teens and that casual prostitution -- being paid at parties to strip , give sexual favors or have sex -- is far more commonplace than once believed .
" If you talk to teens [ about oral sex ] they 'll tell you it 's not a big deal , " Azam said .
" In fact , they do n't consider it sex .
They do n't consider a lot of things sex . "
Evidence of this casual attitude may be seen in the fact that more than half of all teens 15 to 19 years old have engaged in oral sex , according to a comprehensive 2005 study by the Centers for Disease Control 's National Center for Health Statistics .
' Oral Sex Is the New Goodnight Kiss '
In the documentary , " Oral Sex Is the New Goodnight Kiss , " girls as young as 11 years old talk about having sex , going to sex parties and -- in some extreme situations -- crossing into prostitution by exchanging sexual favors for money , clothes or even homework and then still arriving home in time for dinner with the family .
" Five minutes and I got $ 100 , " one girl said .
" If I 'm going to sleep with them , anyway , because they 're good - looking , might as well get paid for it , right ? "
Another girl talked about being offered $ 20 to take off her shirt or $ 100 to do a striptease on a table at a party .
The girls are almost always from good homes , but their parents are completely unaware , Azam said .
" The prettiest girls from the most successful families [ are the most at risk ] .
We 're not talking about marginalized girls , " she said .
" [ Parents ] do n't want to know because they really do n't know what to do .
I mean , you might be prepared to learn that , at age 12 , your daughter has had sex , but what are you supposed to do when your daughter has traded her virginity for $ 1,000 or a new bag ? "
Sex Favors Traded for Relationship Stability
For some of the girls , the sexual favors are not about clothes or money , but used to keep a relationship together in a chillingly objective way .
" I think there 's very much trading for relationship favors , almost like ' you need to do this [ to ] stay in this relationship , ' " one girl told " Good Morning America . "
" There 's a lot of social pressure , " said another .
" Especially because of our age , a lot of girls want to be in a relationship and they 're willing to do anything . "
The girls laughingly admitted they never talk to their parents about their sexual activity .
" I mean , we 're not looking for our future husbands , " one girl said .
" We 're just looking for , maybe like ... at our age , especially , I think all of us , both sexes , we have a lot of urges , I guess , that need to be taken care of .
So if we resort to a casual thing , no strings attached , it 's perfectly fine . "
Azam said she thinks the " no strings attached " romances could be a defense mechanism against a greater disappointment .
" A lot of girls are disappointed in love , " she said .
" And I think they believe they can hook up the way guys do and not care .
" But unfortunately , they do care . "
I took this in 2002 , at Al - Ram checkpoint on the West Bank .
All the checkpoints had been closed by Israeli troops and these women were demonstrating to have them opened , so that food and medical supplies could come through .
An hour before , a group of men had been demonstrating , but the soldiers pulled out their batons so the women - who were both Palestinian and Israeli - moved to the front .
On the left is a line of Israeli soldiers ; that man at the front , with his hands in his pockets , is a policeman .
I was drawn to the young woman standing second from the right , who is holding up her hand in a V - sign .
She held that for a long time , at least 30 minutes - until the soldiers began to throw tear gas canisters .
You can see the press at the back .
I do n't like to work from such a position of safety .
I 've been taking photographs in Israel and the West Bank since 1967 .
This one became symbolic for me , and last year I included it in my film Nakba ( Catastrophe ) , which features hundreds of photographs and interviews with Palestinians displaced after 1948 .
As a student in Japan , I was very idealistic .
I read the Jewish philosopher Martin Buber and decided to work on an Israeli kibbutz .
One day , I found some bullets in a field nearby and asked where they might have come from .
No one knew - then a young Jewish man showed me an old map that had the Palestinian name for the place where we were working .
I began photographing the ruins of Palestinian villages and exhibited them in Jerusalem in 1969 , in a show called Security .
There was an angry response : people wanted to know whose security I was referring to .
But one entry in the visitors ' book , written by a Jewish student , said : " In Israel we only ever hear one side ; these pictures show us the other side . "
I have been to Palestine 30 to 40 times now , most recently to Gaza in January .
This is what I keep trying to show .
• Ryuichi Hirokawa 's work is at the Barbican , London EC1 , until 8 May , as part of the Palestine Film festival palestinefilm.org
Words , they fail us .
All that we are able to mutter is a " Mario " and a " pink " before cocking our heads sideways in attempts to understand what exactly is going on here .
This we know :
This car was spotted in Singapore and it's very , very pink .
There are plush toys of various Nintendo characters strewn about inside , Nintendo - themed stickers on the outside as well as PSPs in the back seat .
PSPs ?
How odd .
With those stickers and stuffed toys , should n't they , you know , know ?!
by Chris Hedges
Featured Writer
Dandelion Salad
Truthdig
May 25 , 2009
In the musical “ Urinetown , ” a severe drought leaves the dwindling supplies of clean water in the hands of a corporation called Urine Good Company .
Urine Good Company makes a fortune selling the precious commodity and running public toilets .
It pays off politicians to ward off regulation and inspection .
It uses the mechanisms of state control to repress an increasingly desperate and impoverished population .
The musical satire may turn out to be a prescient vision of the future .
Corporations in Colorado , Texas , Louisiana , Pennsylvania and upstate New York have launched a massive program to extract natural gas through a process that could , if it goes wrong , degrade the Delaware River watershed and the fresh water supplies that feed upstate communities , the metropolitan cities of New York , Philadelphia , Camden and Trenton , and many others on its way to the Chesapeake Bay .
[…]
via Truthdig
College students have always been prime targets for anti-piracy outfits such as the RIAA .
Despite inundating students with mountains of threats and legal action , the number of copyright infringements committed by them have not declined .
What did change though is the positioning of various universities in the list of most infringing establishments .
There are many school selection guides on the Internet , but none of them lists universities ranked by the number of recorded copyright infringements .
Thanks to the copyright infringement “ Trends & Insights ” report published by BayTSP today , we can construct such a list .
In the United States , MIT is leading the list for the second year in a row , followed by the newcomer University of Washington .
Purdue University dropped 4 spots and is now ranked 8th , but this could be due to the fact that students at Purdue launched their own private P2P network .
BayTSP reports that the overall number of copyright infringements has n’t changed much over the past three years , despite the expensive anti-piracy systems that were implemented .
Copyright infringements per university in the US
BayTSP also recorded statistics for non-US universities and schools , topped by the University of Botswana .
Greece is well represented with four universities in the top 10 and Polish universities are up and coming with three entries .
Sweden – home of The Pirate Bay – completes the top 10 with Uppsala University in second place and students from Gothenburg in 10th .
TorrentFreak discourages prospective students from using these lists to select an appropriate school .
Keamanan Dalam Memilih Agen IDN Poker – Keamanan merupakan sebuah keadaan yang mana sangat diinginkan oleh masyarakat .
Yang mana keadaan aman tersebut dapat dikontrol dengan baik oleh manusia atau individu di dalamnya .
Dengan kata lain aman merupakan sebuah keadaan yang dapat dikendalikan dan dapat dibaca situasi nya setiap waktu mulai [… ]
Polar explorers Pen Hadow , Ann Daniels and Martin Hartley have completed their epic trek across the Arctic .
They were taking measurements of sea-ice thickness - primarily from drilling following the failure of a mobile radar unit - in a bid to help scientists better understand the changes taking place at the highest latitudes .
The BBC 's environment correspondent David Shukman , producer Dominic Hurst and cameraman Tony Fallshaw flew out to meet the team as the gruelling expedition ( which began on 28 February ) came to an end .
WEDNESDAY 13 MAY - THE BIG DAY Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement From BBC environment correspondent David Shukman :
A flurry of last - minute weather checks ( there 's apparently a window in the cloud ) , a rush to make some sandwiches ( not my best ) , and soon we 're airborne with two planes on a long haul over the Arctic Ocean .
Two planes are used because the distances are so huge that one aircraft serves as a fuel tanker .
Even the one we 're in has a large yellow fuel barrel strapped inside to make sure we have the range to get out to the ice camp and back .
The summer melt is under way Logistics are everything up here and the planning is intricate .
As we head north , we see our first cracks in the ice , a dark line snaking to the horizon .
An hour later many more appear , great fissures like rivers , criss - crossing the white .
When we 've flown for nearly three hours , there 's what looks like a lake .
The summer break - up has obviously started , which is why the Catlin Arctic Survey was brought to an end a week early .
After three hours ' flying , we descend and see three figures , tiny against the expanse of white - Pen Hadow , Ann Daniels and Martin Hartley .
The tanker plane has already landed .
We touch down - the plane is fitted with skis .
There 's quite a bump .
Soon we all climb out and greet the three explorers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
For a brief moment , we must be the world 's most northerly social gathering , chatting on the sea ice as if we'd met in the street rather than swaddled against the cold just 500 km from the North Pole .
Their clothes look battered , their faces tired , and they keep apologising for the smell .
I try to be polite , but there 's no avoiding the fact that they have n't had a proper wash for more than 10 weeks .
They pack up their tent , their sanctuary for all that time , and as the gear is stowed in the planes , I look back at the spot where the expedition ended .
A thin cover of snow rests on a metre of floating ice .
Soon the footprints will be erased .
And in a few months , the whole icy landscape will have melted into the ocean .
We fly back together , the aircrew keeping the cabin chilled - they 've picked up unwashed explorers before .
The team are in amazingly good spirits - avidly going through messages , suddenly self - conscious about looking grubby , and hungry for anything different from their normal rations : even my sandwiches go down well .
After what they 've been through , you 'd think they 'd rather never see ice again .
But there 's one very live topic of conversation : the next one
WEDNESDAY 13 MAY - DAY 75 - THE END IS NIGH From Pen Hadow :
We took what are probably going to be our last steps northwards yesterday .
Watch : Highs and lows
We set off earlier , not knowing that we would find what turns out to be a perfect ski-way for the pick - up plane to land on .
We 'd had indications from the satellite imagery that there was a likely site , but you can never tell until you check it out whether it 's going to be totally OK or not .
So here we are , tent pitched and waiting to be taken off .
We 've all got pretty mixed feelings .
Great sadness because it 's nearly over , and great joy at the thought of getting home to civilisation and seeing friends and family .
The sea-ice areas around us continue to break up , which is about two or three weeks earlier than originally expected .
Crossing the Arctic landscape has been far from straightforward I hear from our operations team that a couple of the other government - sponsored Arctic expeditions - Danish and Canadian - had to be emergency - evacuated recently .
It seems that we are the last out here , so I guess we can claim to be the first out and last back this year !
From here on in , it 's down to the weather and support teams .
We just wait .
Mind you , Martin and I are still getting in some drilling - we may as well get in as much as we can before we leave .
From blizzards to sunshine Overall , apart from me drilling like a mad thing , the journey has had unbelievable highs and lows .
Drilling formed a key part of the expedition
The Arctic has thrown everything it had at us , from blizzards and brutal cold to glorious sunshine and astonishing landscapes .
We have gone from total lethargy due to lack of food to great energy brought on by the appearance of the sun after many weeks of Arctic winter .
Without pre-empting any scientific results , my general impression is that the sea ice seems to be thinner than expected .
And the fact that it has been predominantly first - year ice means that it 's more likely to totally melt this year .
Teamwork
My thanks to Ann and Martin - the teamwork has been extraordinary , and I cannot think of two other people I 'd prefer to undertake an expedition with .
My thanks to them both for being great friends , colleagues and unswervingly professional explorers .
Ann has done an extraordinarily good job of navigation and path - finding , and Martin has visually captured our story so well and has been invaluable with the manual drilling work - plus being stoical as the object of our bad jokes on many occasions .
We 've all managed to retain our sense of humour through thick and thin - which is , I think , a sign of true friendship .
WEDNESDAY 13 MAY - ONE STEP CLOSER From BBC environment correspondent David Shukman :
We 're now very close to the edge of the map , nudging the roof of the world at Eureka Weather Station , a huddle of buildings just 600 miles from the North Pole .
The BBC will fly out from Eureka to meet the team
This is the jumping - off point for the flight that will collect explorers Pen Hadow , Ann Daniels and Martin Hartley at the end of their expedition .
All eyes are on the weather .
But since Eureka is the last manned station before the long miles out to the camp on the ice , no - one can be sure how the Arctic elements will behave on the way there .
I was stuck here two years ago waiting for the skies to clear .
It was n't even a storm that delayed us , just a blustery wind that brought grey clouds , a little snow and a lot of boredom .
Poor weather often grounds flights at Eureka
Mission to ice island Back then , we were trying to land on a newly - formed island of ice the size of Manhattan .
Eventually we made it .
Since then , three more ice islands have broken off from the coast , the Arctic has gone through record melting and its geography is being altered with extraordinary speed .
But Eureka is delightfully unchanged - the same huge freezer of ice - cream and great platters of cookies - a calorie colony in a land where the cold sharpens appetites .
Earlier , back in Resolute , an Inuit guide took us by ski-mobile onto the frozen ocean .
Watch :
The edge of the icy ocean I 'd imagined a smooth ride , but it 's surprisingly bumpy , with gnarled ridges and lumps of ice , and the occasional iceberg trapped in place .
We reach the edge of the ice and look out at open water , the start of the summer melt .
The bright ice is strong enough to walk on , the darker stuff is to be avoided because it's too thin , a reminder in a beautiful scene of the Arctic 's fragility .
TUESDAY 12 MAY - BBC ARRIVES IN THE ARCTIC
The BBC's David Shukman is heading out to meet the Arctic explorers From BBC environment correspondent David Shukman :
As we head deeper into the Arctic , the airports become tinier , communications harder and the world much stranger .
Partly it's to do with arriving in a frozen land where there 's permanent daylight but few signs of spring .
We 're in Resolute Bay , one of humanity 's northernmost outposts , and it 's still blanketed in white .
This is a part of the planet where it 's normal to have huskies howling on their tethers .
And outside your house , instead of washing drying on a line there are polar bear skins hanging in the pale sunshine .
Forget hanging out clothes on your washing line - polar bear skins are more likely
But this world also feels strange , and on the last two legs of the journey - from Iqaluit to Resolute Bay - the 20 or so passengers are an extraordinary mix .
Usually it 's the travelling BBC News team that 's the oddity on remoter voyages .
But this time cameraman Tony Fallshaw , producer Dominic Hurst and I are hardly worth a second glance .
It 's Tony who notices that four men at the back have their wrists unusually close together : between the folds of their jackets there 's the unmistakeable glint of chrome on handcuffs .
The prisoners , charged with serious offences , have been on remand and are now returning to their communities to face trial .
The Resolute Bay courthouse will be busy this week .
Usually a BBC team is the oddity in the Arctic - but not this time
We joke that this has all the makings of an Arctic thriller : if we have to put down in the snow , the only people who'll know how to cope will be the Inuit prisoners .
A few rows in front sits a lawyer , who , it turns out , will be the prosecutor .
Beside me is a doctor , on a regular visit , who tells me that she often treats victims of violence , and that the rates of murder and suicide are far higher in this distant territory than in any other part of Canada .
Soon our journey will take us far beyond any of this , to a tiny camp hundreds of miles away out on the ice where the Catlin Arctic Survey explorers are nearing the end of their expedition .
The BBC will be leaving Resolute behind to head to Eureka
WEDNESDAY 6 MAY - DAY 68 - THREE PORK SCRATCHINGS From Ann Daniels :
After 10 long days of waiting , the resupply flight finally made it to us at about 1900 on Sunday evening ( that 's 0345 BST , Monday 4 May ) .
It was a day of real expectation .
We were down to 90g - a - day of food by this time , we had our last hot meal several days before , and on Sunday we had all eaten our rations by 1600 .
Watch : Emergency rations
About halfway through our wait , Martin sent a message back to London saying that he'd only had a cup of porridge , three pork scratchings , a piece of dried coconut and a finger of shortbread .
I 'm afraid this prompted a worried call from his Mum !
Obviously , by this time we were all really exhausted .
The lack of food had begun to affect us all - both our bodies and brains .
As we were sitting in the tent for a lot of the time , we managed to get in quite a bit of talking for a change , and we even managed to make ourselves some playing cards from Pen 's notebook .
A lot of the past few days have been spent in and around the tent
We were so glad that the flight finally came and it actually managed to land - at one point there had been some talk of them just pushing the supplies out of the aircraft door .
This would have meant none of Martin 's pictures getting back , amongst other things .
Actually , after they landed , the pilots complemented us on having prepared a fantastic runway for them .
They were with us for about 45 minutes - and despite the fact that I cannot think of anybody other than Martin and Pen that I 'd rather be with up here , it was great to have a chat with the pilots , Lexie ( another woman ! ) and Kevin .
We also got messages from home , which was great .
Martin was the first to pile into the food of course - he almost made himself ill with the speed at which he ate .
He also got stuck into the can of beer that the flight brought for him .
We are off again tomorrow .
And I have to say I was yearning to get going again - almost a stronger yearning for me than the food .
Our spirits are restored .
Now we just need our bodies to catch up .
From Pen Hadow :
For the first days of waiting , Martin and I carried on drilling and taking measurements .
The lack of food halted the drilling
But we had to stop a few days before the re-supply arrived .
It simply would n't have been sensible , given the cold , the amount of energy that the drilling and measuring demands and the low level of calorie intake that we were down to .
I took this decision the day that Martin and I came back from drilling feeling sick and wobbly , we also took longer than usual to warm up .
The delay has been irritating for all , but up here nothing is certain and delays of this kind are always factored in .
We are now set to carry on and the drilling continues now that we have got some energising food into us .
Return to map THURSDAY 30 APRIL - DAY 62 - FANCY AN ICY DIP ?
From Ann Daniels :
Well , we 've been sitting waiting for the re-supply for several days now , and I 've had to ration the food quite dramatically .
I 'm down to about 1,000 calories a day - and I 'm giving the boys a bit extra as they are still going out drilling , so they need that extra boost .
Watch :
The 6,000 calorie Arctic diet
We 've still got a variety of cereals and porridges for breakfast and a reasonable selection of evening meals , vitamin supplements and daytime snacks .
We just have to make sure that we use a lot less of the food than we would normally .
But then , since we are not actually hauling those heavy sledges , we do n't need to be taking so many calories on board anyway .
The wait here for the re-supply is a welcome break in a way .
As I 'm the navigator , I am always way out front when we are trekking , which can be pretty lonely at times .
So at least at the moment we 've all managed to get in some good chat .
Watch : Navigating the Arctic
When we were on our way to the spot where we are currently camped , we had to do our first swim of the expedition .
It 's something we all dread , and it 's the first time I 've had to do an Arctic swim since the year 2000 .
I hope we do n't have too many more !
It took us 20 minutes to swim across this stretch of open water .
It 's nothing like getting into a swimming pool , when at least you 're in control of how and when you go in .
As we see the ice around us gradually getting thinner , we assess the chances of us falling through and then we help each other into the waterproof suits .
Once you 've got your suit on , you move forward step by tentative step , treading very carefully .
Then suddenly , the ice breaks and you 're in the water .
That moment is always a shock .
We 're still attached to our heavy sledges of course and although they float they 're incredibly cumbersome .
Ideally , it 's best to go around to the back of the sledge , climb onto it , sit astride and paddle it like a canoe - but that 's exhausting and laborious , so this time I just ploughed forwards , and the sledge floated along behind me .
You feel so vulnerable .
You can't use your hands , which are wrapped in plastic mitts , you can't hear or see properly because there 's lots of splashing and you 're so intent on keeping your chin above the water .
And you fear being trapped because the ice is always moving and can close up around you in seconds .
I never forget the power of nature .
When the ice is in a benevolent state it can seem comforting - miles and miles of white all around you like a blanket .
But other days , the ice makes a terrific noise when it cracks and breaks and then it seems angry , and the sheer power of it is awe - inspiring and frightening .
I 've seen huge blocks of ice pushed around like sugar cubes .
I never trust it , but I feel I have a relationship with it .
From Pen Hadow : I have to say having this enforced stop is beginning to get us all down a bit .
Watch : Preparing the runway
We 've been stuck here for six days now , waiting for the re-supply plane , which keeps getting delayed because of bad weather .
We 've been on half rations for a while now and a combination of hunger and boredom is beginning to set in .
We 've been here before - but it does n't make it any less frustrating .
The " ops " team has said that there seems to be a clear weather window coming up - so fingers crossed the flight can make it to us before the end of the week .
Return to map THURSDAY 23 APRIL - DAY 55 - NOT ALL WHITE From Martin Hartley :
We are now into 24 hours sunshine - great for the photography .
It 's kind of weird there 's no sunrise or sunset and we can't see Venus at night any more .
Watch :
The frozen sleeping bag Mind you it has its good side - at least the temperature does n't drop too much at night right now .
Most people think that it 's all just white and monochrome up here .
They could n't be more wrong .
The ice can be a fantastic rainbow of colour , ranging from vivid blues and greens to yellows and even red .
The light creates odd things , too .
For example , the last couple of days we have had " water skies " .
That 's where on an otherwise white surface you see dark water in the sky .
It 's where the bottom of really low cloud reflects water on the surface in the distance - like a big stripe of metallic gun metal grey .
Trekking and physical work are exhausting
Pretty handy for Ann 's navigation , too .
It means we can avoid water " leas " way in advance .
The team members are always on the lookout for good pictures and they occasionally leave messages or arrows in the snow for me .
As time 's gone on , the messages have started to get dafter ; but it creates a laugh and breaks the monotony of trekking for sure .
Stormy weather A few days ago we had the mildest temperatures we 've had so far - just minus 15C .
But it came with vicious winds of around 30 mph and rubbish visibility .
The team is constantly making observations
We decided to sit out the storm - which went on for about 24 hours - in the tent .
Even with the wild winds , we all managed to sleep for about for 17 hours solid .
Just shows how tired we really were .
The next day the storm left a lot of snow over the top of breaks in the ice and unfortunately Ann fell through once up to the top of her thigh .
Not much fun walking around with a cold wet leg all day .
My toe I 'm pleased say that my frostbitten toe seems to be bearing up quite well with the lovely nurse , Ann , still changing my dressing for me at the end of each day .
A couple of weeks ago it needed changing after each sledging session - so a big sigh of relief for me , and for Ann too .
I 'm looking forward to getting new toe warmers on the next re-supply .
Update from Pen Hadow :
Whilst we were travelling through a white - out yesterday I had an amusing thought .
The drilling has become such a part of my life now that I am indeed living out my name .
My full name is in fact " Pendrill " - must be destiny !
It 's worth mentioning that the four - hour drilling sessions that I am now doing with Martin 's help each evening are not the only part of the whole surveying exercise .
Basically , we are undertaking a continuous surveying process from when we wake up at around 0530 in the morning until we pack up and have some food at 2000 in the evening .
Digging and drilling could be destiny for " Pendrill "
In the morning after a cup of tea I defrost my outdoor clothes and go outside to start all the non-drilling measurements .
These consist of measuring snow temperature , surface snow depth , snow density and ice thickness .
Actually for the snow density , we get Ann to physically weigh specific volumes of snow .
The variations can be surprising .
At around 0800 , after breakfast , which Ann will have been preparing along with the rest of the day 's rations , we then start off on our day 's travelling .
During this travelling time , we are constantly surveying features and making observations .
On average we will note about 150 observations per day .
This is where my trusty pen and clipboard have come into their own - despite all the extremes these have soldiered on perfectly .
We tend to try to set up camp again at around 1600 , which gives me four hours for the drilling measurements before dinner is ready .
Return to map THURSDAY 16 APRIL - DAY 48 - A CHANGE OF PLANS
From Pen Hadow :
Well , it looks like I am going to become the drilling king of the Arctic .
After failures with our portable radar Sprite ( the instrument that measures the thickness of the Arctic ice ) and a fault with the SeaCat probe ( a device that measures the water column beneath the floating sea ice ) , I 'll be resorting to the old tried and tested means of manual labour to get data for the scientists .
Drilling is a time - intensive process
It seems that despite all the rigorous testing , the unprecedented extremes of the Arctic have won the day .
It 's a disappointment , but I 'm not surprised - bits of us have frozen up too , but I 'm hoping that at least a new SeaCat will come out on the next resupply .
Having said that , it 's important that we keep gathering as much data as possible for analysis by the scientists , so I will be increasing my daily information - gathering activities quite dramatically .
So far , I 've sent back over 1,000 separate measurements relating to snow and ice thickness , temperature and density , plus , of course , our own general observations on the landscape - rubble fields , open water and the like .
Technical problems have slowed the team down
I do the drilling in the evenings before dinner and from now on I 'll be doing two kinds .
The first type is on a fairly flat ice floe , from one side to the other , and the second type is an " all terrain " drilling - basically starting at the tent and heading due north , no matter what the terrain , be it thin ice , pressure ridges or rubble fields .
I measure 40 m between each drilling , and I will be doing about 10 holes every evening , which takes roughly four hours ( although I 'll probably take a tea break after a couple of hours ! ) .
The drill is simple and robust - so should go on for ever .
It 's shaped like an old fashioned car - cranking handle .
Tea breaks are important in the Arctic I understand the design is based on a fish drill - although at only 10 cm in diameter , you would n't get a very big fish through this hole .
There are a series of six 80 cm sections , know as " flights " , which can be added the deeper you go .
Each section has a special bolt system for attaching them together , because if you had a simple screw system , like a plumber 's rod , you 'd never get it apart after it all froze together .
The extremely sharp drill blade section needs to be replaced after around 10 holes .
The whole thing with all the bits together is 5.20 m tall .
Ice surprises
As I drill though the ice , I get what looks like an ice cornflake mound on the surface , and usually I get to about 10 cm - down before going through to water .
When I 'm through , I push the drill further down to remove any ice crystals , and then as it's pulled out through the hole , the sea water tends to shoot up .
I need to wait a bit for the water to settle before I can then get down to the measuring process .
How to measure ice thickness
The first measurement is easily done with a tape measure - the water that comes up the hole naturally settles at sea level ( sea level is not below the ice ) , so I measure the distance between the surface of the ice and the top of the water .
This usually varies between 5 cm and 20 cm .
I then need to measure the depth of where the hole meets water .
This is where I have also been driven insane by the various measuring devices we were given , which are no doubt splendid , but do n't really work .
No matter - I have invented my own bomb - proof Heath - Robinson - style device that works a treat !
Essentially , I drop a metal bar vertically down the hole - when it gets to the bottom it naturally swings horizontal , at which point , I can take the measurement .
How to get it back up ?
Simple - there 's a second piece of string attached to the end of the bar , so I have to lower it , then let the first piece of string go .
Then I pull on second string and , hey presto , it 's vertical and can be brought back up the hole .
Arctic woodpecker
After all the drilling , the kit has to be cleaned and packed up .
And in order to get all of the frozen ice off the drill , I have to spend quite some time tapping and chipping away at it .
Martin and Ann say it sounds like a woodpecker - thus my new nickname in the evenings : the Arctic woodpecker .
In addition to the drilling , I also make manual notes about the thickness and type of snow around each hole .
In the mornings , before we leave , I also make observations on the ice layers , snow type , etc .
The average ice thickness seems to be between 1.5 m and 2 m ; the fact that we are finding mainly first - year ice as opposed to multi- year ice has surprised me .
We are all OK with the amount of extra manual work that will need to be done , even though this does mean that we are slowed down from the journey point of view .
The end goal is getting the information for the scientists and that 's what we are doing .
Return to map WEDNESDAY 8 APRIL - DAY 40 - WE ARE NOT ALONE From Pen Hadow :
There 's animal life everywhere in the Arctic - but we usually just can't see it .
We know that there 's at least one , if not two , polar bears in the vicinity as we have seen the tracks a few times now .
The team has spotted polar bear tracks
We also found a fair number of Arctic fox tracks and actually saw one the other day , so there are probably one or more of them around too .
It 's always mystified me what on earth a fox - albeit an Arctic one - would be doing out in this wilderness ?
What do they find to eat ?
Well , the answer is up the food chain - they survive on scavenging the polar bear 's seal kills .
Seems like a pretty tough way to exist to me , but there they are .
It must be a pretty lonely existence .
Listen : Pen on Arctic foxes
We have n't seen any seals yet - but we will undoubtedly get them curiously poking their heads out through the ice as they hear our skis passing overhead - they just can't resist having a look to see what 's going on .
We are of course a lot safer to investigate than the polar bears !
And of course , below the ice , there 's plankton , krill , fish and a mass of other organisms that keep the food chain going .
Above the ice there is never any vegetation .
But we seem to have made a breakthrough and managed to develop some sort of mould inside our sleeping bags .
Is this a first in these cold temperatures I wonder ?
We have had a relatively gentle couple of days awaiting the resupply flight .
The runway is already prepared and we spent yesterday doing general repairs to kit .
Martin spent most of the time ( apart from eating and sleeping of course ! ) copying images to and from memory cards and repairing his ski .
The weather has closed in a bit and I hear that the resupply plane is delayed another day , so Martin will have to wait for that bacon sandwich he asked for ...
Ice obstacle course :
The ice can be pushed together to form huge ridges
Watch : ' London , we have a problem '
Return to map THURSDAY 2 APRIL - DAY 34 - HIGH SPIRITS
Watch : Putting on frozen clothes From Pen Hadow : A couple of weeks ago , we were all in pretty poor shape - suffering from truly extreme weather and terrain conditions .
The Arctic winter was truly unforgiving : temperatures of - 40C and a wind chill factor making it closer to - 70C , plus almost constant darkness .
You can see from Martin 's frozen clothing video taken a couple of weeks ago how difficult it has been even getting dressed in the mornings !
It was hideous - but not unexpected - and we got the additional winter data that the scientists wanted , which made it all worthwhile .
But things are getting better in a lot of ways .
The Arctic summer is nearly here , so we have many more light hours ; the sun helps our spirits and the temperature is ranging between - 34C and - 38C .
One downside - our sleeping bags now get like wet sponges instead of being frozen !
Martin 's desperate for a new one , so the operations team are sending one out for him on the resupply , which should turn up in a few days ' time .
It 's the only thing he thinks about at the moment !
The Arctic weather is warming up
We covered a massive 16.7 km yesterday - that 's the biggest distance we 've done in a day to date .
So in the last 13 days we 've covered 134.5 km , which is amazing compared with our earlier progress .
We 've noticed that the ice is older and thicker than before , but it is still very active , with ice suddenly pulling apart in front of our eyes or bashing together .
The other day a lump of ice just broke off leaving
Ann stranded in the middle of it - she got out pretty quickly using her skis to bridge the crack .
A while back I said we were not alone because of spotting polar bear tracks - now we 've had a different kind of company .
The harsh conditions have taken their toll on the team
There was a fantastic blue sky and the sun was shining when we heard this amazing roar , a bit like a tidal wave .
It got louder and louder until suddenly we realised it was a massive plane travelling super fast and very high up above us .
It flew past us twice that day , and we 've seen it again three times today .
Always around 2100 and 2200 UTC time .
Maybe they 're keeping an eye on us - who knows !
Anyway , we all look a bit tattered and torn : I 've got a bad back ;
Ann 's got a hamstring injury and Martin of course has his frostbitten toe - but we 've done 14.5 km today , which is great and our spirits are high .
Return to map THURSDAY 26 MARCH - DAY 27 - THE NORTHERNMOST CAFE From Ann Daniels : A woman 's work is never done .
In the great tradition of life - alongside being the navigator , I get to do the cooking on this expedition .
A pretty important job actually - it 's the food that 's keeping us alive and giving us the energy we need to keep going .
Watch : Cooking in the Arctic I guess it 's not totally obvious to everybody but all the cooking absolutely must be done inside the tent , which is normally minus 30 - odd .
Outside would be just impossible !
The stoves have been a bit temperamental in the extreme cold recently - so to make sure I can get them to work I 've been carrying bits of the pumps inside my clothes to keep them warm .
I spend a lot of time in the morning getting all the food and drinks prepared for the day - and then again cooking dinner in the evenings .
The cooking area in the tent is separated from the main sleeping area - and normally , while I 'm cooking , there is a zipped up partition between me and the boys .
That 's because there is so much steam produced by the cooking that it would freeze and turn into snow inside the sleeping area and there 's already enough snow and damp there created by condensation from our bodies .
Watch : ' I set fire to my tent ! '
The other thing is that the cookers make an unbelievable racket .
That , combined with the howling winds outside , means that conversation during the four or more hours that I spend every day cooking is nigh on impossible .
One of the boys usually gets me a big sack of snow for melting at the beginning of each session and then I do n't see them until grub 's up or it 's time to get going .
I remember just before we left London at the start of the expedition Martin was asked what his main fears were .
He said that one of them was my cooking .
Well , he does n't seem to have any complaints now that this is the only cafe on his Earth !
Return to map TUESDAY 17 MARCH - DAY 18 - SURVIVING ON HALF RATIONS From Martin Hartley :
It was my birthday on Tuesday .
What a way to spend it - 500 miles from the North Pole , floating on a raft of sea ice that is breaking up to the north of us , a polar bear plodding around close by and running out of food .
The resupply plane is now several days late .
I know they 've tried three times and the weather has stopped them , so we are now down to half rations .
So no birthday cake for me and no party .
Listen :
The tough conditions
One good thing - I did manage to record a message for my Mum that was played to her on BBC Radio Manchester on my birthday - they got her into the studio and kept my message as a surprise .
I hear she was really happy , which cheered me up .
Anyway , back to our situation .
When the pilot dropped us off 17 days ago he said : " Welcome to the middle of nowhere . "
He was right .
This is like nothing I 've experienced before , but then I 've never done this route before .
Because we 've got to sit tight and wait for the new supplies to arrive , we are really suffering from the cold .
Because we are not on the move , and have to conserve the calories , we are fairly static and spending most of our time in the tent .
But the ambient temperature inside the tent is - 40C , the inside of the tent is like an ice cavern .
I 've got frostbite in my toes , my sleeping bag is full of ice and the supposedly hot food ends up like a roofing tile in seconds !
The best way to keep warm is to stay in your sleeping bag - but when that 's full of camera cables as well as ice it makes for pretty uncomfortable sleeping .
Return to map WEDNESDAY 11 MARCH - DAY 12 - FEELING THE ARCTIC CHILL From Pen Hadow : Conditions have been hard .
We have been battered by wind , bitten by frost and bruised from falls on the ice .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Occasionally it 's disheartening too when you 've slogged for a day and then wake up the next morning having drifted back to where you started .
The Arctic sea ice is constantly moving , breaking open and reforming into different shapes - which means we can end up moving several kilometres in any direction while we are asleep in our tents .
The wind chill today will slice us up - it 's taking the temperature down to below - 50C , so we have decided to take a day 's rest to recharge our batteries and soothe the aches and pains .
We are resigned to several weeks of daily discomfort and general misery , safe in the knowledge that conditions , our progress and general well - being will improve over the coming months .
This week also held another challenge - a chance to speak with some of the world 's most influential climate change leaders .
What a weird feeling - here we are floating on the ice in the Arctic , and I 've just had a chat with International Development Secretary Douglas Alexander and over 300 people in the audience at the Department for International Development conference on world poverty , which is being held in London .
He was asking me questions about the purpose of the Catlin Arctic Survey and why I thought it was so important .
The sat phone seemed to be pretty clear at my end and , despite the howling winds outside , I think they all heard me .
I tried to convey that climate change and the loss of the sea ice up here will affect everybody on the planet - unpredictable weather changes , rises in sea levels are all linked to food shortages and poverty .
I do n't know if this is the first live link done to a conference like this , but I heard afterwards that Lord Nick Stern complained - tongue - in - cheek - that nobody had called him when he was in the Antarctic !
I 'm really pleased it all worked and I hear that Gordon Brown turned up to round off just after my call .
Return to map THURSDAY 5 MARCH - DAY 6 - A DRAMATIC NIGHT From Pen Hadow : On Saturday we were finally dropped off at our starting point - I think we all felt a sense of wonder as the light aircraft left us alone on the ice .
Excitement and anticipation for the journey ahead .
Watch :
How the ice radar works
We 'd been making good progress and in the first three days covered about 16.5 km - taking into account the ice drifting about .
That 's an average of about 5.5 k m a day - which might not sound like a lot , but when you are hauling 120kg of equipment I can assure you that it 's good going !
Tuesday night was a bit eventful .
Just after we 'd eaten and were about to bed down for the night , we heard the ice breaking up around us .
It got louder at about 0300 , and on checking , we saw a ridge only about 10 m from the tent .
I decided that it was about time to beat a hasty retreat , which we duly did , managing to haul our gear across a narrow gap in the ice before setting up camp in a safer place .
We are now getting back on our way north , taking ice measurements with the radar along the way .
From Martin Hartley : Because of the freezing temperatures some of the equipment has been playing up - so to try to keep it functioning I 'm sleeping with cables , cameras , batteries and other communications gadgets .
The team was dropped off on to the ice on Saturday Sleep is difficult at the best of times - but it 's even harder with this lot .
Our fast getaway from the disintegrating ice on Tuesday night has added to the sleeplessness - so we decided on a rest day .
Once we'd re-camped in a safer place , we managed to sleep through until the afternoon and when we woke up we found ourselves surrounded by open water - we expect this will freeze over during the night so that we can get on first thing in the morning .
Listen : ' The ice was breaking up ' From Ann Daniels : Martin's not the only one having problems with equipment !
I 've been walking around since the first night with a fuel pump inside my clothing .
Like Martin's kit , our cooking stoves were struggling - the fuel pumps were leaking fuel - it seemed the best way to keep the pump warm !
I have to say , Pen and Martin were heroes on Tuesday night - going outside at three in the morning to check on the breaking ice - they only had their night gear on at the time so it would have been unbearably cold .
Return to map THURSDAY 26 FEBRUARY : ONE DAY TO DEPARTURE From Ann Daniels : I 'm feeling a sense of trepidation - but at the same time quite excited .
Today I am running final checks on the navigation gear , making sure things like compasses and GPS equipment are working .
Watch : Preparing to leave
As I am responsible for getting the team to the right place , I 'd better get it right !
Navigating up here is not like walking in a straight line North .
Apart from the hazardous terrain , the ice is constantly moving - once I woke up in my tent in the morning only to find that we had drifted back to the very position we 'd started that morning !
I 'm also responsible for the communications from the ice , so I 've been doing all the final checks on that , too .
My other main task is to be expedition chef .
Everything 's pretty well organised on that front - in fact , all the resupply barrels are sorted and sitting in a hanger outside .
I 'm looking forward to my last night for 90 days in a comfy bed .
Tomorrow I 'll be calling my family before I go on to the ice .
That 's when you know there 's no turning back .
From Martin Hartley : I 've not really been off duty of late - it 's almost like having two jobs !
In addition to sorting and helping pack group equipment and fine - tuning my personal kit , I 've been on a fairly continual round of photo and video taking - trying to provide the world 's media with as much material as possible before we leave .
I reckon I 'll have my personal sledge all packed up by this afternoon .
I 'm ready to go and my mindset is now on the ice .
The only thing that still gives me shivers is the thought of falling through the ice , but then that comes with the territory .
I 'm looking forward to that magical world out there - with all its beauty and dangers .
From Pen Hadow :
It 's been a mad week - the hours we 've been putting in have been daunting - prepping every item that goes out on to the ice , alongside responding to emails , taking phone calls and doing interviews .
The team has put in a superhuman effort to get to this point and it's a privilege to be a part of it .
To be honest I 've loved every minute of it despite feeling totally exhausted .
Actually , preparation is a key word , this project has been five years in the making and we are nearly at the culmination of five years of detailed preparation .
This is an expedition like none before .
We are not in it for the adventure and glory - we are doing it to make sure that the scientists have the information they need to asses the speed that the ice cap is melting and the global implications of that .
Personally , I 've been doing the last - minute checks on all the scientific boxes of tricks , and from here on in will be totally focused on the off .
We have one more night in our warm safe hotel rooms and I know that we 'll all make the most of that .
And a last note - it 's been so mad that I 'd totally forgotten it was my birthday until I got a " happy birthday " from the team today .
Next week is going to be VERY different - hauling sledges for months in sub-zero temperatures for 12 hours a day .
It 's nearly show - time .
THURSDAY 19 FEBRUARY : WELCOME TO THE ARCTIC From Pen Hadow :
With unusually heavy snowfall in Britain just before we left for Canada , leave - taking from our families was not quite what we had planned .
Meet the Catlin Arctic Survey team
My family home on Dartmoor in southwest England was left inaccessible by vehicle for four days - and this meant that I had to collect all my most personal items for the expedition as well as say goodbye to my daughter , son and wife in just 45 minutes , before setting off for London and the airport .
Our departure from Heathrow was an emotional occasion for many of us , including our families , partners and relentlessly hard - working support team .
All understand the scale of the challenge we have set ourselves and we understand the daily challenges to be faced by those we leave behind .
Welcome to the High Arctic at 75 degrees North .
We love it .
Pen Hadow
Arctic team targets key ice data
Four flights via Ottawa , Iqaluit and Nanisivik have got our travelling party as far as Resolute Bay in northernmost Canada .
Next week , another three flights via an abandoned weather station on an uninhabited island and a fuel stop on the Arctic Ocean 's sea-ice will get us to our expedition 's start point hundreds of kilometres offshore .
It is a familiar physical and psychological metamorphosis that Ann , Martin and myself have become used to over the years travelling to the High Arctic .
The landscapes from the plane windows become bereft of cities , towns and eventually even roads .
Agricultural scenes give way to vast forests before the basics of rock , snow and ice take over .
The planes become even smaller , sunlight is but for a handful of hours each day , and the air temperature drops towards - 40C .
The team 's equipment was delayed by several days Welcome to the High Arctic at 75 degrees North .
We love it .
After the team 's frenzied work preparing more than 1.5 tonnes of equipment , clothing and food for shipment ahead of our arrival , you may imagine our horror to discover we had overtaken the entire shipment as we stepped out at Resolute .
But every cloud , however dark , has a silver lining .
And for us , it was the chance for desperately needed sleep and some precious time to gather ourselves mentally for what lies ahead .
Ann has been outside for a couple of hours each day on the hills behind the village , enjoying the colour - washes of peach , blood - orange and plum cast over the snowscapes by the extended sunsets this far north .
As the team 's navigator , with responsibility also for the management of the expedition 's daily operations and communications , these excursions are a perfect way of gradually reconnecting with the most extreme of environments .
The team is based at Resolute before its expedition begins For Martin , too , the prospect of committing his unique photographic talents to revealing the wonders of the Arctic Ocean is apparent .
I have never seen so many camera bodies , lenses , batteries , cables , meters and cases , all spread out on his double bed .
He prefers to sleep on the floor out of respect for the tools of his trade .
The agonies he will go through in deciding what items will make the cut to head north with him .
Tonight , half a tonne of our cargo was flown in , so it 's been " all hands on deck " to move it all down to our base by truck and unpack it .
Tomorrow , we get to work with our final preparations for three months in sub-zero temperatures , pulling fully laden sledges weighing 100kg ( 200 lb ) more than 1,000 km of floating sea-ice to the North Geographic Pole .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON --
A special inspector general overseeing government efforts to bail out portions of the private sector said Tuesday the U.S. so far has committed nearly $ 2.98 trillion toward stabilizing financial companies and rescuing domestic auto makers .
Meanwhile , only $ 109.5 billion remains in a $ 700 billion program that was launched as a way to remove toxic assets from bank balance sheets , Neil Barofsky told lawmakers .
Mr. Barofsky has come to be known as the " TARP cop " because his office is responsible for policing the ...
The denizens of Hollywood and Silicon Valley have , by and large , vastly different value systems , role models , even tastes in cars , food and clothing .
But they increasingly agree on one thing : a standard for online video called Adobe Flash .
Flash was once known primarily as the technology behind those niggling Web ads in the 1990s that gyrated and flickered on the screen .
Today , it is a ubiquitous but behind - the - scenes Web format used to display Facebook applications , interactive ads and , most notably , the video on sites like YouTube and Hulu.com .
Now Adobe Systems , which owns the technology and sells the tools to create and distribute it , wants to extend Flash ’s reach even further .
On Monday , Adobe ’s chief executive , Shantanu Narayen , will announce at the annual National Association of Broadcasters convention in Las Vegas that Adobe is extending Flash to the television screen .
He expects TVs and set - top boxes that support the Flash format to start selling later this year .
For consumers , what sounds like a bit of inconsequential Internet plumbing actually means that a long overhyped notion is a step closer to reality : viewing a video clip or Internet application on a TV or mobile phone .
Until a few weeks ago , Deng Yujiao was an unknown 21 - year - old worker in a Chinese provincial town : one of millions quietly scraping a living .
Now she is an unwilling hero to tens of thousands of ­compatriots after stabbing to death an official who she says tried to rape her when she rejected his advances .
Comments on the killing have ­inundated blogs and bulletin boards .
Deng 's case – and its handling – has become emblematic of the struggle of ordinary people against abusive officials .
The message was spelled out in a ­protest at a Beijing university this week in which a gagged female student bound in sheets was shown surrounded by the words : " Anyone could become a Deng Yujiao . "
Each twist in the investigation has aroused fresh sympathy for Deng , from the claim that the dead man hit her with a wad of cash when she refused to have sex with him to the allegation that police tried to label her mentally ill and that her mother was pressed to fire her lawyers .
The rancour has spread so fast on the internet that authorities appear to be pushing the Chinese media , which have ­covered the case extensively , to stop reporting it .
Deng was working in a ­karaoke and leisure centre in Badong , central China , on 10 May when two officials demanded " special services " – a euphemism for sex – according to initial reports from the local authorities .
After a brief ­struggle , she stabbed to death one of the men , Deng Guida , 44 , the director of the area 's ­business promotion office , and injured his colleague .
­According to Deng 's account , obtained by the ­Southern Metropolis Daily , prostitution was ­common at the centre .
When she told the men she was not ­selling sex , Deng Guida responded : " Are n't you all the same ?
You are a prostitute but you still want to have a good reputation . "
Hitting her repeatedly with a wad of ­banknotes , he said : " Do n't you want money ?
Would you believe if I am going to beat you to death with money today ? "
Deng said she pulled out a knife after the men repeatedly dragged her back as she tried to leave .
As Deng Guida pushed her on to a sofa , she lashed out with the blade .
She then called the police to tell them Deng Guida was dying and waited for them to arrive .
Supporters say any punishment she receives should be mild because she was acting in self defence , but fear that she could face murder charges .
Police said they had found ­anti- depressants in Deng 's bag and initially committed her to a mental hospital .
A later police statement also toned down allegations about the dead man 's behaviour and claimed Deng had stabbed him with a fruit knife , rather than with a pedicure knife , which would have been readily available at the leisure centre .
Her backers fear that is intended to imply that the act was in some way premeditated .
Officials in Badong have promised Deng a fair hearing .
They refused to comment when contacted by the Guardian .
4thly
Our mission is to help entrepreneurs and innovators create success .
Located in the heart of Silicon Valley , we deliver our expertise worldwide .
We do this through our startup accelerator program , through our free webinars , and through special engagements .
2020 is a time of profound innovation .
There are clusters of innovation all over the world , from Silicon Valley to Florianópolis , from Austin to Berlin , from Tallinn to Nairobi .
The World Economic Forum is calling it the 4th Industrial Revolution .
We call it opportunity for all .
In her novel , The House Gun , which I have yet to finish , Nadine Gordimer demonstrates with her character , Harald , how religion and secular humanism do not vibe ; the latter undermines the former .
Harald , Mister Big Wig exec , holds an ongoing conversation with God , attends mass regularly , and is concerned about the faith of his son , Duncan , who has killed a friend , shot him in the head shortly after finding him on the couch , engaged in bodily banter with his – Duncan ’s – girlfriend .
Married to this holy man is Claudia , a doctor and an atheist .
She , of course , questions her husband on what it means to sin , and how murder ranks against the others on God ’s list of commandments .
It is in probing his conviction with regards to murder that Claudia wrinkles her husband ’s confidence , forcing him into paroxysm .
He blurts to her , Oh leave me alone , on one occasion , which , according to the narrator , was only a step away from putting on the sheep ’s clothing of weakness so as to circumnavigate the crux of his wife ’s inquiry into his religion , or rather , cut it short , for he does n’t shy away from defining his position on murder :
I ’m asking you , it happens to interest me , is to kill the only sin we recognize .
It ’s the ultimate , is n’t it .
Is that what you mean .
No I do n’t .
Lies , theft , false witness , betrayal – Go on .
Adultery , blasphemy , you believe in sin .
I do n’t think I do .
I just believe in damage ; do n’t damage .
That ’s what [ Duncan ] was taught , that ’s what he knows – knew .
So now – is to take life the only sin recognized by people like me ?
Unbelievers .
Not like you .
Of course it ’s not .
I ’ve said : it ’s the ultimate .
Nothing more terrible .
Before God .
She pushes him .
Before God and man .
Harald , the great reader of Dostoevsky and Mann , chooses to include man as a second judge when it comes to the ultimate sin .
This is his mistake , or rather , his failed attempt at melding religion with what is referred to now as secular humanism , the study of humanities .
And it is this failure that not only weakens his faith , but also makes him an uncompassionate father , almost anti-humanistic .
To continue their conversation , his wife goads :
I thought for believers there is the way out by confession , repentance , forgiveness from Up There .
Not for me .
Oh why ?
She wo n’t let him off .
Because there is no recompense for the one whose life is taken .
Nothing can come to him .
It ’s only the one who killed that receives grace .
In this world .
What about the next .
Harald , you do n’t accept your faith .
Not on this issue , no .
So you sin with doubt .
Is that only now ?
Her gaze is explicit .
No , always .
You do n’t know because it ’s never been possible to talk to you about such things .
Sorry about that , all I could do was respect your need for that kind of belief .
I could n’t take up something I ’m convinced does n’t exist .
Anyway – you ’ve allowed yourself the same latitude I have between what does and what does n’t count .
Even with your God behind you .
Oh leave me alone .
I ’m a killer because you see people die of lung cancer .
Being defenseless against Claudia ’s inquisition , Harald gets defensive .
This happens only after condemning his murderous son .
There ’s nothing new in this situation : a man of faith who doubts his own faith is exposed mercilessly to the questions of the impervious man without God , the atheist without an inconceivable supreme being to protect from rampant skepticism , to nurse .
In this sense , God – faith – is akin to baggage too cumbersome to always lug around .
That is not to say that Harald dropped the baggage .
He did what most men of faith do when attacked : pull over to the shoulder , lock the doors , and cower with the baggage embraced , wait for the barrage to pass .
However , it ’s not Harald ’s denuded faith – wobbly at the knees – that ’s of interest ; it ’s what makes his faith wobbly at the knees , what undermines it .
Going back to his idea , Before God and man , going back to his placement of secular humanism alongside religion , it becomes clear that this is his mistake not overlooked by his aggressor , Claudia .
If he would ’ve stuck to God and God alone , Before the eyes of God , then his faith would n’t have suffered , but he did n’t , he brought man into the mix : a life in books , in heavy literature , had to sway him at least a little in the direction of the apostate .
By giving him a mind of his own , a mind capable of forming opinions based on disparate sources , a mind not benumbed by God and His Kingdom , a thinking mind , literature poked holes in his faith in such a wholesome way that Harald would sooner meet his death than renounce the colander ’s ability to hold water .
Had Harald known the origins of the humanities he would ’ve known better .
According to Elizabeth Costello ’s sister in J.M. Coetzee ’s Elizabeth Costello , at first humanistic studies implied the close study of scripture to arrive at Truth , which made Latin indispensable , but when the discipline was n’t getting anywhere compared to others , scholars in the field decided to expand their purview , enlarging the humanities to include literature .
And they also substituted the quest for Truth with truths , minuscule and plural .
Viewed in this way , the humanities , in its current form , developed not out of success but impotency , out of its inability to arrive at Truth via scripture : its original aim .
Harald , devout and learned , in mingling the shifty study of humanism with religion , like breeding a mongrel with a purebred , is certain to weaken his strain of faith .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Apple ’s seemingly inconsistent app store polices seem to create a public outcry nearly every week , so you would think that by now , Apple would have learned a thing or two .
In the latest edition of non-sensical app store rejections , Apple rejected the e-book reader Eucalyptus on the grounds that users can use it to access the Kama Sutra .
Keep in mind that the app itself contains no content , and is merely used as a medium to read content downloaded from gutenberg.org , a free archive of digitized classic books whose stated purpose is to “ encourage the creation and distribution of eBooks . ”
As James Montgomerie , the developer behind Eucalyptus , points out , his program “ does n’t ‘ contain ’ books any more than a newly bought iPod ‘ contains ’ songs . ”
That said , the only way to find the “ objectionable ” text is to manually search for it , and that ’s exactly what an app reviewer at Apple did .
The app was initially submitted to Apple on April 27th , only to be followed by a rejection letter nearly 2 weeks later .
Thank you for submitting Eucalyptus — classic books , to go . to the App Store .
We ’ve reviewed Eucalyptus — classic books , to go .
and determined that we cannot post this version of your iPhone application to the App Store because it contains inappropriate sexual content ..
The email was also accompanied with the screenshot shown above .
What ’s crazy is that the content that Apple finds so objectionable can easily be downloaded and viewed via other e-book readers that are currently available on iTunes , such as Stanza and Amazon ’s Kindle App , not to mention via the web on Apple ’s own Safari application .
In a subsequent email exchange , Montgomerie tries to explain to Apple how the app itself does n’t contain any objectionable content .
The screenshot in question was taken after manually searching specifically for the phrase in the screenshot .
The ‘ content ’ is not not ‘ included ’ in the application , or specifically controlled by me .
The same content could be found by searching at http://gutenberg.org/ with Safari , or by searching with the Google application , also available on the store .
Apple , however , does n’t seem to get the point , and instead replies with screenshots of actual text from the Kama Sutra ( hot ! ) and suggests to the developer that ,
It would be appropriate to remove this particular section in your application due to : “ Applications must notcontain any obscene , pornographic , offensive or defamatory content or materials of any kind ( text , graphics , images , photographs , etc. ) …
As noted by Montgomerie , his app does n’t contain any content , and it ’s therefore hard to figure out what Apple exactly means when it writes that he should remove a “ particular section ” from the app .
Below , check out a screenshot containing an example of the Kama Sutra text that Apple finds objectionable .
As a sidenote , what man is able to satisfy an elephant woman ?
I somehow doubt that teenage boys have any interest in donning a pair of reading glasses so that they can fully digest the sexual content pictured above .
And besides , the versions of the Kama Sutra available on other e-readers come with full - fledged illustrations , yet those are perfectly okay .
Also , did n’t we experience this exact same story a few weeks ago with Trent Reznor and his temporarily rejected NIN app ?
If you recall , Apple rejected an update to the NIN iPhone app because it allowed users to stream a song that contained “ objectionable content ” , even though that same song was easily available as a download on iTunes .
In the end , the ability to stream the “ offensive ” song was removed , and the NIN app was subsequently allowed back into the app store .
Ridiculous .
In any event , Montgomerie understandably does n’t have the time to sit around and exchange emails back and forth with Apple – especially considering the fact that they ’re not exactly prompt with their replies .
So in an email to Apple today , Montgomerie conceded to Apple ’s demand :
Even though it has meant creating a specific filter on search results , I have now submitted a new version that specifically blocks access to the Kama Sutra book you identified .
Is this what you mean ?
Hopefully this will all get resolved soon , and Eucalyptus will soon find its way onto iTunes .
But it ’s becoming apparent that Apple needs to be more transparent when it comes to its acceptance / rejection policies .
How many more of these stories are needed before Apple realizes that something needs to be done ?
The iTunes App Store is n’t that new anymore , and it ’s about time that we start seeing some consistency from Apple .
If they wants to ban all semblance of illicit content from the app store , then that ’s their call .
But rejecting an e-book reader while welcoming with open arms apps that contain far more questionable content is just bad for business , leaves developers confused , and can only end up hurting Apple in the long run .
If Apple needs to hire a few more competent people to keep an eye on the review process , then that ’s what they should do .
It ’s not like they ca n’t afford it .
Since Pycon , a lot of discussion and work has been going on .
During the summit , we made a few decisions ( see http://mail.python.org/pipermail/python-dev/2009-March/087834.html) but this topic is so wide and so complex that a lot of discussion still needs to be done to have a clear and complete picture of where we want to go and how we are going to do it
But we have made significant progress and reached consensus on some key points .
This entry is a short list of these key points .
Being able to compare project versions
If you take a look in Distutils code , there ’s a version and a versionpredicate module that provides a way to compare versions .
This feature is barely used by Distutils itself , and a very few number of projects out there are using it ( If you do so , please let me know ) .
This is probably because Distutils provides two different ways to compare versions : a “ strict ” one and a “ loose ” one .
In other words Distutils clearly states that it is unable to provide a unique version comparison algorithm that can be used by anyone out there .
Anyone means here : Python developers , OS packagers , etc .
Setuptools did a better job by providing an algorithm that covers most cases , but suffers from this universality : it ’s too heuristic .
So one of the main topic during Pycon was to try to find a version comparison algorithm that would just work for everyone and in the meantime would be strict enough to be useful .
That ’s a pretty tough task , but I think we have reached something that is “ good enough ” for everybody .
We had the chance to have people from Ubuntu , RedHat during Pycon to work on this task , and Trent Mick took the lead during the sprints to come up with a prototype .
It ’s described here : http://wiki.python.org/moin/Distutils/VersionComparison and I have put the code here http://bitbucket.org/tarek/distutilsversion.
Two more things to take care of :
Philip
Eby came up with an edge - case : being able to do a development version of a post release .
Jean - Paul Calderone proposed to add a constructor that would take explicit arguments to describe the version , rather than a string representation
There ’s a branch ( tarek - postdev ) on bitbucket to work on these two cases .
But basically , it seems that we have a consensus on a unique way to compare versions in Python !
This is a great step forward .
Another point that Toshio Kuratomi raised during a hall discussion was the fact that some Python developers are not having good practices when versioning their releases .
So we agreed that a good “ How to properly use version numbers for your projects releases ” document will have to be delivered in Distutils documentation , besides the new algorithm .
I am pretty confident that people will eventually follow it .
APIs to access installed project metadata , and an egg - info standard
Once a project is installed in Python , you do n’t have a way to get its metadata and to answer to basic questions like :
what are the installed packages ?
what is the version ?
how is the author ?
Of course you can dig in your installation and get back most of these , but depending how you installed your package ( manual , easy_install , pip ) it might be located in different places .
So we agreed on a standard for this , described in PEP 376 : http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0376
An API will be introduced to be able to get the info for a installed package , as long as it was installed using PEP 376 standard .
An uninstall feature !
A feature that is claimed for a long time now should be introduced in Distutils : uninstallation !
Distutils will provide a basic , reference uninstall feature that will remove all files that where previously installed for a project .
This will be doable as long as this list of files is recorded at installation time , and not used by another project .
See the details in PEP 376 .
Standardize PKG-INFO
New fields will be added in the metadata of a project .
The most important one is install_requires from setuptools , which let you list the projects your project depend on and their versions .
This is for informational purpose , and Distutils will not provide an install feature that will fetch and install dependencies .
This can be done by third - party tools like easy_install as long as they use the installation standard described earlier .
We started this work with Jim Fulton at Pycon , and Tres Seaver took the lead on this task since then .
The plan is to update PEP 345 .
The work is done in a branch here : http://svn.python.org/view/peps/branches/jim-update-345/pep-0345.txt?view=markup
But the remaining work is focusing on practical details .
Just remember that PKG - INFO will evolve and install_requires will be integrated amongst other changes .
Distutils code cleanup , test coverage
The test coverage is starting to look good and most modules are covered around 80 % .
I guess this is the average in most Test - Driven Development projects out there .
So Distutils is becoming a good citizen of the standard library 😉
The remaining work for a good test coverage is mostly on compilers side and os specific commands .
My black list of untested ( or nearly untested ) modules :
bcppcompiler
cygwinccompiler
emxccompiler
msvc9compiler
msvccompiler
command.bdist_msi
command.bdist_rpm
I need to figure out how to properly test them .
Last , I need to set up a buildbot that will try out Distutils trunk on a list of projects out there , like numpy for example .
Other topics
Check this !
http://wiki.python.org/moin/Distutils
Ranking scientists by their citations –the number of times they are mentioned in other scientists ’ papers– is a miserable business .
Everybody can point to ways in which this system is flawed :
not all citations are equal .
The importance of the citing paper is a significant factor
scientists in different fields of study use citations in different ways .
An average paper in the life sciences is cited about six times , three times in physics , and about once in mathematics .
ground - breaking papers may be cited less often because a field is necessarily smaller in its early days .
important papers often stop being cited when they are incorporated into textbooks
The pattern of citations between papers forms a complex network , not unlike the one the internet forms .
Might that be a clue that point us towards a better way of assessing the merits of the papers that it consists of ?
Sergei Maslov from Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York state and Sidney Redner at Boston University have asked themselves just that question and suggest that Google ’s PageRank algorithm might throw some light on the matter .
In essence , PageRank counts the number of citations a paper receives ( or the number of links that point to a webpage ) .
The more a paper receives , the higher it is ranked .
But a citing is also weighted according to the ranking of the citing paper .
So citations from important papers make another paper more important .
Maslov and Redner have applied the algorithm to 353,268 articles published by the American Physical Society since 1893 in journals such as Physical Review Letters .
And the results are a breath of fresh air .
The top 10 papers by Google Pageranking are :
Unitary Symmetry & Leptonic Decays by Cabibbo Theory of Superconductivity by Bardeen , Cooper & Schrieffer Self - Consistent Equations . . . by Kohn & Sham Inhomogeneous Electron Gas by Hohenberg & Kohn A Model of Leptons by Weinberg Crystal Statistics . . . by Onsager Theory of the Fermi Interaction by Feynman & Gell - Mann Absence of Diffusion in . . . by Anderson The Theory of Complex Spectra by Slater Scaling Theory of Localization by Abrahams , Anderson , et al .
That ’s an impressive list , not least because most of these authors are Nobel Prize winners .
( Curiously the author of the top paper , Nicola Cabibbo , is not .
That ought to be of interest to the Nobel committee who awarded Makoto Kobayashi and Toshihide Maskawa the 2008 Nobel Prize for physics for work that was heavily based on Cabibbo ’s ideas . )
All of which suggests an idea .
Mining the later entries in this list might be an good way of predicting future prize winners .
So get your bets in before the bookies get wind of it .
Redner and Maslov conclude : “ Google ’s PageRank algorithm and its modifications hold great promise for quantifying the impact of scientific publications . ”
Ca n’t argue with that .
Ref : arxiv.org/abs/0901.2640 : Promise and Pitfalls of Extending Google ’s PageRank Algorithm to Citation Networks
As a reasonably intelligent person who finds himself routinely flummoxed with most of the run -of - the - mill “ arguments ” against gay marriage , this quote from a spectacularly nonsensical screed ( written , naturally , by a male triple - divorcee ) against same - sex unions reveals an undercurrent that generally dares not speak its name :
[ T ] here is a difference between a married couple and a same - sex couple in a long - term relationship .
The difference is not in the nature of their relationship , not in the fact that lovemaking between men and women is , as the Catholics say , open to life .
The difference is between the duties that marriage imposes on married people –not rights , but rather onerous obligations –which do not apply to same - sex love .
Even in modern romantic marriages , a groom becomes the hunting or business partner of his father - in - law and a member of his clubs ; a bride becomes an ally of her mother - in - law in controlling her husband .
When it comes down to it , many opponents of gay marriage simply have n’t gotten over the decades - old fight against redefining gender roles into anything that does n’t lock a woman into a child - bearing role in the home while the husband ventures forth to hunt work to put food on the table .
I ’ve often suspected a subtle hidden agenda like this ( which really has nothing to do with gay people per se ) but I ’ve never seen it laid bare in such a blatantly obvious way before .
Isaac Chotiner remarks :
PLEASE SUPPORT OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE !
PLEASE DONATE !
Donate to SquirrelMail !
Purchase a Bounty !
Paul Lesniewski Fredrik Jervfors Thijs Kinkhorst Jon Angliss Dwolla Amount : $
Dwolla
Subscription Per Month : $
PayPal PayPal
Subscription Per Month : $
Per Month : $
Per Month : $
Per Month : $
Bitcoin 155kHSCRmSRCKbZAwKNccJCWBWPfuBtrSG
SquirrelMail is currently celebrating 10 years of providing free , Open Source Software to the world .
We have a lot to be grateful for and many people to thank for how successful we 've been !
SquirrelMail is included in most major Linux distributions and is independently downloaded by tens of thousands of people every month , which might even make it more widespread than some of the biggest free webmail providers .
And , proving that Open Source really works , our popularity has allowed us to collaborate with countless talented individuals who have helped us keep SquirrelMail safe , up to date and full of new features .
But fame has its price . ;-)
SquirrelMail has always been run by a small group of volunteers , and we 've never been paid for our efforts .
We do it because this is our passion ; we do it for the love and the fun .
But running a high - profile project means that there is a plethora of work from which no one gets much fun ( or love ) .
That 's taken its toll -- our numbers have dwindled and our visionary initiatives for our next big release have had to take a back seat to ongoing maintenance , such as responding to bug reports , looking over plugin and patch submissions , fixing security vulnerabilities , answering voluminous amounts of email on our mailing lists , and a slew of other responsibilities .
Oh , and then there 's paying the bills , family time , and cleaning the kitchen ....
So it 's time to ask our community to give back just a little bit .
In the best scenario , SquirrelMail should be able to support one or two people working full time .
To some , this may seem overly ambitious , but we do n't think so .
Think of the good money that has been raised by projects that can be considered far less mission - critical than an email system .
We do n't think any other projects are less deserving than SquirrelMail ; only that SquirrelMail is quite worthy of your support , especially after 10 years of doing it all gratis .
With support on a significant scale , the project will regain momentum , that " Web 2.0 " fully - skinable release will be out in no time , and the squirrels will feel appreciated !
We 'd like to have you show your support by simply donating whatever you feel you can afford .
Currently , you can choose to donate to any of us individually ( if you have stipulations about how the money should be used / shared , let us know and we will be happy to oblige ) .
We are also trying out a primitive bounty system , in case you want to target your money for a specific feature or improvement .
If you need a US tax exemption for your donation , please contact us directly .
As always , we 'd like to encourage you to use our official SquirrelMail support , and if you 're hiring for work projects you should consider our professional , dependable team members , since some of them make a living as consultants .
Donate to SquirrelMail !
Paul Lesniewski Fredrik Jervfors Thijs Kinkhorst Jon Angliss Dwolla Amount : $
Dwolla
Subscription Per Month : $
PayPal PayPal
Subscription Per Month : $
Per Month : $
Per Month : $
Per Month : $
Bitcoin 155kHSCRmSRCKbZAwKNccJCWBWPfuBtrSG
PURCHASE A BOUNTY !
We are going to keep a rather simple home - brewed bounty system here until it proves to be popular enough that we need to create something more substantial .
That means that for now , all inquiries here are reviewed by hand ( this also means that there wo n't be a way for spammers to abuse this page ) .
We may not choose to list all proposed bounties here , especially if they should be submitted as support requests instead .
For certain bounties , your support can be publicly acknowledged with a link on the SquirrelMail website .
The best way to submit a bounty is to submit the details in our tracking system and include a link to it when submitting your bounty here .
Submit bounty suggestions below .
Include more headers in replies
Proposed bounty : $ 500
Email address :
When replying , allow the option of including more headers from the original message , just like with forwarded messages .
This is tracker number 1940543 .
Add an " unread " button in message view
Proposed bounty : $ 500
Email address :
Add an " unread " button to the message view screen , which marks the message as unread and returns to the message list .
This is tracker number 1879654 .
Add other rich text editor(s ) to the HTML Mail plugin
Proposed bounty : $ 1000
Email address :
Add a rich text editor of your choice to the HTML Mail plugin .
The HTML Mail plugin also has several other fixes and feature additions pending that could be paid for .
Update GPG plugin
Proposed bounty : $ 2000
Email address :
The GPG plugin is currently non-operational and has several bugs .
Make compose popup window close after send
Proposed bounty : $ 500
Email address :
When SquirrelMail is configured to compose messages in a popup window , it should close automatically when the message is sent .
SUBMIT A BOUNTY PROPOSAL
Please help us by suggesting bounties that either you are willing to pay for or will be likely to be purchased by someone else ( marginal proposals may not be accepted here ) .
It would help very much if you first submit the details of your proposal to our tracking system and include a link to it below .
NOTE : This is NOT a support form !
All free support requests submitted here will be ignored .
If you need free support , you can get it here .
Summary : Amount you think this feature / fix is worth : Amount you 're willing to pay :
Your email address : Description :
The officials of the Zionist Regime have corrected their manners and speak about their belief that two governments should be established on the occupied territories .
But , in reality , they are not prepared to establish such a government and accept the international and Arab views in this regard .
By : Sa’dallah Zara’iThe Zionist regime announced , out of severe pressure put on them by the international community , that they would accept two governments – one Palestinian and the other Jewish – on the occupied lands .
But , it seems as if Israel has not moved away from their strategy about Palestine , even the people who apparently were in favor of the two - state solution do not have any desire of seeing in actualize .
The point here is that the manners that Benyamin Netanyahu and his party showed towards the present government of the United States was out of pressure .
Therefore , we can state that the officials of the Zionist Regime have corrected their manners and speak about their belief that two governments should be established on the occupied territories .
But , in reality , they are not prepared to establish such a government and accept the international and Arab views in this regard .
Therefore , until the Zionist regime does not return to the table of diplomacy and dialogue they do not have any desire to implement the two - state solution unless a huge people ’s movement is directed at them and the pressure from the intifada reaches extremely high levels .
Israel ’s foreign minister explained the new position of the Israeli government to allied Arab nations in Europe .
In the past few months the Zionist regime has been put under a lot of pressure by European nations , especially France and England .
These countries warned the regime about allowing fanatics into their Knesset .
This is why the foreign minister travelled to Europe and tried to show the diplomatic face of the Zionist regime in order to quell the anger felt by counties of the EU .
Kiniki ’s tan - through bikini is made of a special fabric that allows sunlight to penetrate through microscopic holes .
It is the curse of sun-kissed holidays – the dreaded zebra crossing look caused by wearing swimwear on the beach .
But tanlines could become a thing of the past after a firm developed a range of ‘ see - through ’ swimming costumes .
( Pics )
Although the human eye cannot penetrate the fabric in the Tan Through range from Kiniki , UV rays which cause the skin to darken will pass through , allowing wearers to bronze all over .
Thousands of microscopic holes in the stretchy patented Transol yarn – described by the company as ‘ chicken - wire mesh material ’ – allows 80 per cent of sunlight reach the skin .
The raw material is transparent when held up to the light but the wearer ’s modesty is preserved by special animal prints and abstract patterns which confuse the eye , so onlookers can only see a solid block of fabric .
The range , which is available from www.kiniki.com, includes an all - in - one swimsuit , bikinis and wraps for women , plus briefs , hipsters and tangas for men .
Costs range between £ 17.43 for the briefs and wrap to £ 34.68 for the swimsuit or full bikini set .
Women ’s sizes start at eight and go up to 20 , while men can choose from small to XXL .
John Walker , 58 , who owns the Staffordshire - based firm and has been manufacturing underwear and swimwear for over 35 years , said : ‘ They are selling like hot cakes .
We only officially launched four weeks ago but we cannot keep up with demand at the moment . ’
Explaining how he stumbled on the idea six years ago , he added : ‘ I had some fishnet material in the cutting room and light was coming in from the overhead skylights .
The swimsuits look transparent when held up to the light but are perfectly modest worn on the body
‘ I realised using a fabric with holes would be brilliant for taning through – if it was n’t totally inappropriate .
‘ Then I came up with the idea of prints to confuse the eye and have been working on design for the last six years .
‘ If you hold it up to a window you can see right through it but once on the body it looks just like a normal swimsuit . ’
Mr Walker said sunbathers were guaranteed a smooth all - over tan as long as they remembered one piece of advice .
‘ There is an elastic seam on every garment which we advise customers to move regularly because the sun cannot penetrate it .
If you ’re not careful it will get in the way of a tan , ’ he said .
However , there was concern from skin cancer campaigners who are already tackling an increase in cases of malignant melanoma .
The number of people who have been diagnosed with the condition is expected to reach 10,000 this year .
Richard Clifford , secretary the Karen Clifford Skin Cancer Charity , said : ‘ By virtue of the fact they are putting a swimsuit over the skin it would be very difficult to apply sun cream underneath .
Men too can benefit from the tan - through technology from Kiniki
‘ I think it is a dangerous idea and in the interests of vanity .
We recommend UV protected clothing and this is the very opposite .
‘ Five people a day are diagnosed with malignant melanomas .
It is a killer and affects more people here than in Australia . ’
A spokesman for the British Skin Foundation added : ‘ Although this may sound like an attractive idea to many people looking to get a tan this summer , the fact that it lets through 80 per cent of sunlight should be the worrying factor .
‘ This will mean that people can still damage their skin from UV light , as seemingly the swimsuit will not offer any type of cover to the skin .
‘ If people are looking to get that tanned look , there are safer alternatives to sitting out in the sun , like spray tanning . ’
But Mr Walker insisted customers were advised to use sun block all over .
The bright colors and patterns of the fabric mean that the mesh - like material seems opaque when on the body .
‘ We recommend that you put the same sun protection on underneath the swimsuit as you would on the exposed parts of your body , ’ he said .
Kiniki applied for a worldwide patent on Transol fabric two years ago and are expecting it to be approved next year .
The Tan Through range uses a common yarn , polybutylene terephthalate known as PBT , a synthetic material with an elastic stretch that does not contain any lycra .
This makes it more resistant to suncream , chlorine and seawater and is more breathable for the wearer .
John Walker said it is the way in which his firm has used PBT to construct the Transol fabric for their swimsuits which is ground - breaking .
He added : ‘ No one else in the world has developed the yarn in this way .
‘ Imagine a fish net or string vest material .
We have made a very very minute form of that by shrinking any holes right down . ’
Via Daily Mail
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Acer Inc , the world ’s third - largest PC brand , plans to introduce a phone model running on Google ’s Android software this year , the head of its phone unit said on Wednesday .
Aymar de Lencquesaing , Senior Corporate Vice President , President Acer Smart Handheld Business Group , attends the Reuters Technology summit in Paris May 20 , 2009 .
REUTERS / John Schults
The company plans to sell this year around 10 models , with all but one using Microsoft ’s Windows Mobile software .
Aymar de Lencquesaing told the Reuters Global Technology Summit in Paris Acer was seeing a lot of benefit from its laptop offering when looking for operator - partners to sell its smartphones .
Acer entered the market for smartphones -- mobile phones that offers advanced computer - like capabilities -- this year following the acquisition of Taiwan ’s portable device - maker Eten Information Systems Co in 2008 .
The fast growing smartphone industry has emerged as a battleground between traditional phone - makers and PC makers with Asustek , Hewlett - Packard , Lenovo , and Dell also eyeing the growth market .
Gartner said on Wednesday it expects smartphone market to surge 27 percent in 2009 , while the overall phone market would shrink .
In February the world ’s top cell phone maker Nokia said it was looking also planning to expand its product offering , looking to enter the laptop business .
While strong profit margins in the smartphone industry attract PC brands , the attraction of the low - margin computer industry , where scale is the key to profits , is less obvious .
“ For a handset maker to move into the PC business -- I ’d say it was almost impossible , ” de Lencquesaing said .
“ One way is acquisition , another way is -- if you ’re willing -- to invest massively and lose a lot of money for a long time . ”
“ If you do not have large volume then you ’re at such a handicap ... it ’s very hard to compensate . ”
Aymar de Lencquesaing said Acer has prioritized around 40 operators to sell its phones through .
“ We ’re in discussions with all of them .
To date none of them has said ‘ thanks , but no thanks , and never come back , ’ ” he said .
Acer aims to reach 6 to 7 percent of the smartphone market by 2012 - 2013 , boosted by volume growth of cheap smartphones .
De Lencquesaing said the company had no plans to introduce mid-range feature phones , but said it sees smartphone prices falling quickly to similar levels .
“ Late 2009 , we ’re releasing a smartphone ... full touch , at the price of feature phones today , ” he said .
CDC is responsible for channelling investment into many of the world 's poorest countries
The " extraordinary " £ 1 m - a - year salary for the head of a government - owned company set up to combat developing world poverty has been attacked by MPs .
The salary of CDC Group chief executive Richard Laing rose from £ 383,000 in 2003 to £ 970,000 in 2007 , the Commons Public Accounts committee found .
But the Department for International Development , its 100 % shareholder , was not properly consulted , the MPs said .
Committee chairman Edward Leigh said oversight of CDC was " ineffective " .
The committee also expressed concerns about CDC 's decision to hold some £ 1.4bn - over half its £ 2.7bn capital - within the UK , rather than investing it abroad .
It also questioned why CDC 's investments since 2004 had increasingly been made in countries like China and India which were already attracting foreign investors .
' Too narrow ' CDC invests in developing world businesses in support of DFID aims to promote growth and show commercial investors that profits can be made in such markets .
It invests in 600 companies , which together directly employ almost one million people .
Although the fund management company is owned by DFID , the department pointed out CDC had not received any funding from the government since 1995 .
A recent National Audit Office report said it had demonstrated " exceptionally good financial performance " , increasing its assets from £ 1.1 bn to £ 2.7 bn since 2004 .
But the PAC report said that there was " limited evidence " of CDC making an impact on poverty reduction .
DFID 's oversight " needs to be improved " , the report added , warning that the company 's efficiency and business model were " questionable " .
It noted that administrative costs were rising as a proportion of the value of its portfolio .
However , the report welcomed recent agreement between DFID and CDC of a " more stretching " investment policy .
This will require the company to limit new investments in China to small and medium - sized enterprises which might otherwise have difficult raising funds .
CDC is government - owned , but its obligations to report to the Department for International Development have been weak
Edward Leigh MP
It also accepted that that the company 's accumulation of £ 1.4bn in the UK has been helpful in the current difficult economic climate , allowing it to carry on investing in the developing world during the downturn .
Nonetheless , it criticised the decision of the CDC board 's decision to bring pay structures for senior executives in line with highly - paid fund managers in the commercial sector .
This had resulted in " extraordinary levels of pay in a small publicly - owned organisation charged with fighting poverty " , the report concluded .
This had not been approved by DFID until after it was introduced , and was based on " dubious " comparisons , it added .
The report said : " Besides enjoying the security of working in a publicly - owned body , CDC executives do not have to compete for money to invest .
" And the pay arrangements take too narrow a view of performance , with too much emphasis on financial performance and too little on poverty reduction . "
Short - term bonus Mr Leigh said CDC Group had proved it was very good at turning a profit .
But he added : " We need to know , however , how effective it is at reducing poverty and so far there is limited evidence .
" CDC is government - owned , but its obligations to report to the Department for International Development have been weak .
Oversight by the department of how CDC operated agreed remuneration arrangements was ineffective . "
Liberal Democrat MP
John Pugh , a member of the committee , said : " With stratospheric salaries , off - shore subsidiaries and generally opaque financial arrangements , the CDC is in danger of becoming just another equity firm .
" The poor running and supervision by the Department for International Development allows it to wear a halo it may exploit but may not actually deserve . "
A Department for International Development spokesman said : " Since 1995 CDC has not cost the taxpayer a single penny .
But it has committed £ 2.7 billion of new investment to the developing world , helping almost 700 businesses to employ nearly 1 million people .
" The chief executive 's 2007 remuneration package of £ 970,000 was reduced to £ 572,000 in 2008 - a decrease of 41 % - and in the light of the current economic climate the CEO of CDC has not received a short - term bonus this year .
" We are finalising an agreed new remuneration framework for CDC which will link executive pay even more tightly to the delivery of DFID 's objectives .
We have also recognised the need for improved oversight and put in a place a new governance framework . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Keith Olbermann devotes his WTF !?!
segment to Texas governor Rick Perry , who has once again left open the possibility of his state seceding from the U.S.A .
What would secession mean for Texas ?
Watch , as Keith O. spells it out :
( Also on Daily Kos TV . )
Yesterday ’s Google I/ O keynote highlighted the power of HTML 5 to match functionality long experienced in desktop applications .
This morning , Google plans to announce an HTML 5 - based application – still very much in the early stages of development – that represents a profound advance in the state of the art .
Lars and Jens Rasmussen , the original creators of Google Maps , will take the stage to unveil their latest project , Google Wave .
As Lars describes it , “ We set out to answer the question :
What would email look like if we set out to invent it today ? ”
That is exactly the right question , and one that every developer should be asking him or herself .
The world of computing has changed , profoundly , yet so many of our applications bear the burden of decades of old thinking .
We need to challenge our assumptions and re-imagine the tools we take for granted .
It ’s perhaps no accident that this project , carried out secretly at Google ’s Sydney office over the past two years , had the code name Walkabout .
That ’s the Australian aboriginal tradition of going off for an extended period to retrace the songlines and learn the world anew .
In answering the question , Jens , Lars , and team re-imagined email and instant - messaging in a connected world , a world in which messages no longer need to be sent from one place to another , but could become a conversation in the cloud .
Effectively , a message ( a wave ) is a shared communications space with elements drawn from email , instant messaging , social networking , and even wikis .
It turns out that Jens had the idea back in 2004 , when Google first acquired the company that became Google Maps .
As Lars tells the story :
We were excited to join Google and help create what would become Google Maps .
But we also started thinking about what might come next for us after maps .
As always , Jens came up with the answer : communication .
He pointed out that two of the most spectacular successes in digital communication , email and instant messaging , were originally designed in the ’60s to imitate analog formats — email mimicked snail mail , and IM mimicked phone calls .
Since then , so many different forms of communication had been invented — blogs , wikis , collaborative documents , etc. — and computers and networks had dramatically improved .
So Jens proposed a new communications model that presumed all these advances as a starting point … .
We started with a set of tough questions :
Why do we have to live with divides between different types of communication — email versus chat , or conversations versus documents ?
Could a single communications model span all or most of the systems in use on the web today , in one smooth continuum ?
How simple could we make it ?
What if we tried designing a communications system that took advantage of computers ’ current abilities , rather than imitating non-electronic forms ?
Responding in Context
Let ’s say I want to communicate with someone .
I start a wave , just as I might start an email message .
The recipient (s ) see an incoming wave , just as they see an email today .
Where the magic starts is with replies .
In email , you have the choice of including no context , only a portion of the message you ’re replying to , or the whole thing .
In the first case , you need to go back to the original message for context ; in the second , you have wasted copies going back and forth .
Come into the middle of a long thread and you may be replying to a discussion that has already moved on or covered the point you want to express .
But what if there were only one message , shared in the cloud ?
Now , your comment on the second paragraph is attached directly to that point in the conversation .
There are no redundant copies of portions of the message , as replies are seen in context .
As you can see in the screenshot below ( click to enlarge ) , a Wave inbox looks much like an email inbox .
But look to the right , and you can see how the replies are embedded right into the middle of the original message , so Stephanie ’s question about what camera Jens used for his photos appears right in context .
Now , you might ask how well this works for long , complex messages rather than the short one shown in the demo .
I do n’t know the answer , but I suspect that Wave will be even stronger in that case .
Our experience with collaborative editing of book manuscripts at O’Reilly suggests that the amount and quality of participation goes up radically when comments can be interleaved at a paragraph level .
Is it a particle or a wave ?
It ’s both .
First generation email / IM integration let you see when someone was online , and opt to instant message someone rather than send them an email .
Wave simply erases the distinction .
If both people are online at the same time , a wave acts just like an instant message — except that you see each character as it is typed , just like in subethaedit .
“ In our experience , a lot of time in IM is spent waiting for the other person to press ‘ Done ’ , ” says Lars .
( However , it is possible to set Wave to hold your messages till you are done . )
A key point here is that Google ’s relentless focus on reducing the latency of online actions is bringing the online experience closer and closer to our real world experience of face - to - face communication .
When you ’re talking with someone , you know what someone is saying before they finish their sentence .
You can respond , or even finish their sentence for them .
So too with Wave .
The real - time connectedness of Wave is truly impressive .
Drop photos onto a wave and see the thumbnails appear on the other person ’s machine before the photos are even finished uploading .
Step by step playback draws a cheer
Let ’s say you are added to a conversation ( a wave ) that has been going on for a long time ?
You can be added at any relevant point , not just the end .
But even cooler , you can do a playback of the entire evolution of the conversation .
But wait : there ’s more !
Let ’s say you want to edit your message ( or even a message that was written by another participant in the wave ) .
Yes , you can .
The original author is notified , but every participant can see that the message has been modified , and if they want , can replay the changes .
This leads to a change in behavior : conversations become shared documents .
The screenshot below shows a simple example , as Gregory and Casey collaborate to produce a good answer to Dan ’s question .
As Stephanie Hannon , the product manager for Googe Wave , said to me , “ In Wave , you do n’t have to make the choice between discussing and collaborating . ”
As anyone who ’s used version control knows , a document with lots of discussion and edits can become pretty messy .
No problem .
You can export an edited wave as a new wave , and start over .
“ One of our design principles , ” says Lars , “ is that the product of a wave can be as important as the original wave . ”
Nor do you need to include everyone in every part of a conversation .
Essentially , Lars , says , “ waves are tree - shaped sets of messages .
You can shape a subtree , or a sub- conversation and limit the set of participants in any way you like . ”
Wave as a Platform
Wave is more than a product .
As Lars explains :
The Google Wave product ( available as a developer preview ) is the web application people will use to access and edit waves .
It ’s an HTML 5 app , built on Google Web Toolkit .
It includes a rich text editor and other functions like desktop drag - and - drop ( which , for example , lets you drag a set of photos right into a wave ) .
Google
Wave can also be considered a platform with a rich set of open APIs that allow developers to embed waves in other web services , and to build new extensions that work inside waves .
The Google Wave protocol is the underlying format for storing and the means of sharing waves , and includes the “ live ” concurrency control , which allows edits to be reflected instantly across users and services .
The protocol is designed for open federation , such that anyone ’s Wave services can interoperate with each other and with the Google Wave service .
To encourage adoption of the protocol , we intend to open source the code behind Google Wave .
Anyone who ’s followed my writing knows that I ’m a huge fan of simple systems with extensible architectures .
So I was excited to see that the team did n’t lard lots of features into the core product , but instead added new features via the Wave APIs , much as they hope third party developers will do .
One useful extension , Polly ( Poll -y ) lets you incorporate polls into a wave .
In the wave shown below , participants are asked whether they can make it to a party .
Responses appear immediately in the wave .
That ’s the way these things ought to work !
No jumping to a website to see the results of an Evite or a poll .
( I should note that the ever - prescient Jon Udell showed how to hack existing tools to similar effect in his 2001 book Practical Internet Groupware .
It was one of the books I ’m proudest of publishing , despite its commercial failure .
It was just too far ahead of its time . )
The API has been used to build a bunch of cool extensions :
Bloggy , a blog client , lets you make a blog post as a wave .
When people comment , they join the conversation .
Spelly is a spell - checker that uses the entire corpus of the web as its dictionary .
Linky is a link - recognition engine that is clever enough to recognize that the link you just entered is a YouTube video , or a link to a photo , and give you the option to embed the target of the link into the wave .
There ’s even a twitter client – you can tweet into and out of a wave !
And of course , buggy , a bug - reporting tool that can also be a participant in a wave .
Wave can also be used as the base for interactive games .
For example , here ’s a real - time interactive chess game in Wave :
Open Source , Open Protocol , and Federated Wave Clouds
Google wants other providers to adopt Wave – the protocol allows federation between independent Wave clouds .
The team hopes that Wave will become as ubiquitous and interoperable as email and instant messaging , not just a Google product .
I support this vision .
The Wave team has done a great job , but for Wave to really succeed , it needs to become a new fundamental service on the net .
An open protocol means that anyone can build their own Wave services – everything from Wave servers to Wave extensions .
But open source means that people can push the envelope in adapting the service to new environments , devices , and use cases .
I ’m hopeful that the industry will take up the challenge , and build on what is being shown at Google I /O this morning .
Eric Raymond noted that every open source project begins with a plausible promise .
There ’s no question that the plausible promise is on stage this morning .
I hope the folks in the audience at Google I/O , as well as those at Yahoo ! , Microsoft , and elsewhere , get on the bandwagon as well .
I ’m eager to move from email and IM to Wave !
Aside :
The fact that this application was built using GWT and HTML 5 really emphasizes Vic Gundotra ’s points from yesterday , that web applications can not only match , but can even beat the functionality of native apps .
It ’s not just HTML 5 , though .
It ’s the commitment to the lightweight nature of the web , to real - time , to lightweight components connected by open protocols rather than to monolithic systems .
Make it New !
Ezra Pound once wrote : “ ” The artist is always beginning .
Any work of art which is not a beginning , an invention , a discovery is of little worth . ”
And elsewhere : “ Make it new ! ”
Even more than the application itself , I love the way Wave does n’t just build on what went before but starts over .
In demonstrating the power of the shared , real - time information space , Jens and Lars show a keen understanding of how the cloud changes applications .
When I saw Wave for the first time on Monday , I realized that we ’re at a kind of DOS / Windows divide in the era of cloud applications .
Suddenly , familiar applications look as old - fashioned as DOS applications looked as the GUI era took flight .
Now that the web is the platform , it ’s time to take another look at every application we use today , and ask the same question Lars and Jens asked themselves :
“ What would this look like if we invented it today instead of twenty - five years ago ? ”
For more information
The following links may not be live until the end of this morning ’s keynote at about 10:15 am Pacific time :
wave.google.com : the eventual home for Google Wave .
For now a place to learn more and sign up to be notified when we launch
code.google.com / apis/wave : home for the API , documentation and sample code .
waveprotocol.org : home for the protocol specs ( draft ) , whitepapers and a discussion forum about the open google wave protocol
Update
The Google I/O demo of Wave is now available on YouTube .
It ’s embedded below :
Nanoribbon .
Courtesy of Hongjie Dai
Scientists at Rice University have found a simple way to create basic elements for aircraft , flat - screen TVs , electronics and other products that incorporate sheets of tough , electrically conductive material .
And the process begins with a zipper .
Research by the Rice University lab of Professor James Tour , featured on the cover of the April 16 issue of the journal Nature , has uncovered a room - temperature chemical process that splits , or unzips , carbon nanotubes to make flat nanoribbons .
The technique makes it possible to produce the ultrathin ribbons in bulk quantities .
These ribbons are straight - edged sheets of graphene , the single - layer form of common graphite found in pencils .
You 'd have to place thousands of them side by side to equal the width of a human hair , but tests show graphene is 200 times stronger than steel .
" If you want to make conductive film , this is what you want , " said Tour , Rice 's Chao Professor of Chemistry and also a professor of mechanical engineering and materials science and computer science .
" As soon as we started talking about this process , we began getting calls from manufacturers that recognized the potential . "
The process involves sulfuric acid and potassium permanganate , which have been in common use since the 1890s .
This chemical one - two punch attacks single and multiwalled carbon nanotubes , reacting with the carbon framework and unzipping them in a straight line .
The unzipping action can start on the end or in the middle , but the result is the same - the tubes turn into flat , straight - edged , water - soluble ribbons of graphene .
When produced in bulk , these microscopic sheets can be " painted " onto a surface or combined with a polymer to let it conduct electricity .
Nanotubes have been used for that purpose already .
" But when you stack two cylinders , the area that is touching is very small , " Tour said .
" If you stack these ribbons into sheets , you have very large areas of overlap .
As an additive for materials , it 's going to be very large , especially for conductive materials . "
He credited Rice postdoctoral research associate Dmitry Kosynkin with the discovery .
Kosynkin is lead author of the Nature paper , with contributions from graduate students Amanda Higginbotham , Jay Lomeda and B. Katherine Price , postdoctoral researcher Alexander Sinitskii , visiting scientist Ayrat Dimiev and Tour .
Kosynkin made the find while studying oxidation processes involving nanotubes .
" Dmitry came to me and said he had nanoribbons , " recalled Tour .
" It took a while to convince me , but as soon as I saw them I realized this was huge . "
Nearly all of the nanotubes subjected to unzipping turn into graphene ribbons , Tour said , and the basic process is the same for single or multiwalled tubes .
Single - walled carbon nanotubes convert to sheets at room temperature and are good for small electronic devices because the width of the unzipped sheet is highly controllable .
But the multiwalled nanotubes are much cheaper starting materials , and the resulting nanoribbons would be useful in a host of applications .
That 's why Tour is banking on bulk , made possible by processing multiwalled tubes , which unzip in one hour at 130 to 158 degrees Fahrenheit .
( Until now , making such material in more than microscopic quantities has involved a chemical vapor deposition process at more than 1,500 F. )
" Multiwalled carbon nanotubes are concentric tubes , like Russian nesting dolls , " he said .
" We cut through 20 walls , one at a time , during the reaction process . "
At first , the process of isolating nanoribbons " involved a lot of excruciating washing , " he said .
" But we 've found a much easier way , which we needed to do to get industry to start taking it from here .
" If a company wants to produce these , they could probably start selling small quantities within six months .
To scale it up and sell ton quantities , it might take a couple of years .
That 's just a matter of having the right reactors .
But the chemistry is all there .
It 's very simple . "
Tour is excited by the possibility that conductive nanoribbons could replace indium tin oxide ( ITO ) , a material commonly used in flat - panel displays , touch panels , electronic ink and solar cells .
" ITO is very expensive , so lots of people are looking for substitutes that will give them transparency with conductivity , " he said .
" People have made thin films of nanotubes that fit the bill , but I think this will enable even thinner films , with the equivalent conductivity or better . "
He envisioned nanoribbon - coated paper that could become a flexible electronic display , and he 's already experimenting with nanoribbon - infused ink for ink - jet printers .
" We 're printing transistors and radio - frequency identification tags , printing electronics with these inks , " he said .
" This is going to be the new material for many applications . "
Tour said discussions are already underway with several companies looking into large - scale production of nanoribbons and with others interested in specific applications for nanoribbons in their core product technologies .
Formal industrial partnering has already begun through Rice 's Office of Technology Transfer .
Source : Rice University ( news : web )
My problem has always been wearing a surgical mask .
I do n't know why but toward the start of every OR rotation I 'd get woozy and have to leave the OR .
It was never the subject matter , it was just the mask .
You can imagine how easily convinced the surgeons were .
I even got one well meaning talking to about how if " blood " bothered me so much I should look into something other than ER .
To this day I 've never gotten bothered by anything when I was n't wearing a mask .
On the related topic of worst smells ever I was taking sign out one morning , so it 's 2 ER attendings and about 6 ER residents , not a group easily offended by a smell .
We were talking at the board and I stepped on the pedal for a trash can to toss something and It hit me .
WHOOMP !
This smell just enveloped me and was one of the worst experiences of my life .
I looked up with this pained expression and one of my interns started to ask what was wrong .
Then it hit them .
I 've never seen such an august body of physicians flee from something so fast .
They all agreed that it was the worse smell of their lives as well .
I do n't know what it was .
We think it was the sheets off the bed that an expired pt had been on for several hours with this fetid , diarrhea leaking out pre and post mortem .
We 'll never know for sure .
A township man was sentenced to 20 years in prison Friday morning for maintaining a marijuana production facility in his Millstone River Road home .
Nicholas Tafaro , 30 , had pleaded guilty to charges of operating a marijuana manufacturing facility , manufacturing marijuana with intent to distribute , possession of marijuana with intent to distribute and possession of marijuana .
Superior Court Judge Edward Coleman , sitting in Somerville , sentenced Tafaro to the sentence mandated for a first - degree crime .
Tafaro , because he has a previous conviction , must serve 66 months before becoming eligible for parole .
Somerset County Prosecutor Wayne J. Forrest said at the time of Tafaro ’s arrest that the charges stemmed from aerial surveillance conducted by the New Jersey National Guard with help from Hillsborough police .
As a result of the surveillance , numerous marijuana plants were seen growing in the backyard of Tafaro ’s residence .
On Aug. 28 , 2008 , members of the Somerset County Prosecutor ’s Office and Hillsborough Township police conducted a search of the property where the marijuana was seen .
As a result of the search , 51 marijuana plants ranging in height from 2 - to 5 - feet - tall were seized from a wooded area behind the residence , Forrest said .
A day later , after a search warrant was was obtained for the residence , members of the Somerset County Prosecutor ’s Office Organized Crime and Narcotics Task Force and Hillsborough Police Department executed the search warrant and seized a large quantity of items used for the production of marijuana and for an indoor production facility along with approximately two pounds of harvested marijuana , according to authorities .
Items seized from the residence included high - powered lighting systems , cooling and ventilation systems and chemical fertilizers .
Tafaro turned himself into authorities Sept. 21 , 2008 .
– Article from MyCentralJersey.com .
Last March President Chavez nationalised Cargill 's rice plant
Venezuelan officials accompanied by soldiers have seized " temporary " control of a US - owned pasta producer .
Venezuela says the plant , owned by the big US firm Cargill , had violated regulations on price controls intended to guarantee cheap food for the poor .
The move further increases President Hugo Chavez 's hold on the economy , after a series of recent take - overs of private and foreign - owned businesses .
They include a Cargill rice plant , and services companies in the oil industry .
Deputy Food Minister Rafael Coronado said the government would run the factory for 90 days , and would reassess the situation after that .
He said it has not been producing sufficient quantities of a type of pasta sold at cheap , government - established prices .
Price control
A rice mill owned by Cargill was taken over earlier this year , on the grounds that it was not producing rice at government - set prices .
Cargill had said it did not break the government 's pricing rules on rice because the mill did not produce the plain rice which is regulated .
Venezuela has set quotas and prices for 12 basic foods including rice , powdered milk , cheese and tomato sauce .
Under the measure , 80 % of all rice produced must be basic white rice .
The measure also includes 95 % of all cooking oil , coffee and sugar .
Last week Mr Chavez sent troops to take over oil service companies including hundreds of supply boats , and two American owned gas facilities .
He nationalised Venezuela 's oil reserves , one of the largest in the Americas , two years ago .
" Could you read the back of this box and tell me if there 's any sexual content in this movie ?
"
The woman across the counter from me holds out the DVD expectantly , and I take it .
It 's Saw II , part of the now 5 - movie franchise which makes a point of being unnecessarily gory .
I locate the rating so lovingly bestowed upon the film by the MPAA .
" It 's rated R , for gore , violence , and language mostly . " " But no sex , right ? "
" It says nothing here about that , no .
" The woman looks suddenly relieved .
After plastering a smile on her face , she holds out her hand to take the DVD back and proclaims , " Fantastic !
I 'll tell my daughter we can rent it then .
We just love violent slasher movies , but I can't have anything with sex in it ; we 're Christian , you see .
" Herein lies my problem .
After working in a video store for nearly two years , there is one thing I 've noticed about renting habits that holds true more than anything else , and I think the influence of Christianity has a lot to do with it .
Mothers and fathers are afraid to let their children experience any kind of sexual content in a film , but are willing to turn a blind eye when it comes to violence .
I 'm not advocating letting 9 - year - olds rent porn , by any stretch of the imagination .
I believe there is a certain age that a person must hit before they can understand and feel comfortable watching sex scenes in movies .
But why are we as a society so willing to censor sex over violence , when sex is a natural part - if not the sole purpose - of our existence ?
We spend billions of dollars and countless hours watching people get tortured , mutilated , and blown up in our films and on our TV shows .
No doubt the more outrageous a movie is with it 's violence , the more hype and predictably more money it will receive .
Perhaps this is because we find it unlikely that ourselves or our family and friends would ever be in a situation where we would end up in locked room fixed to a death device with a clown on a television asking us if we 'd like to play a game .
This apathy toward violence , however , has made us all desensitized to it .
Hence , the Saw movies keep being made because they have to top the previous release , to see if they can keep shocking people .
We keep going over the top with every new film that comes out , but most people see these movies as not having gone far enough .
How much blood shed is too much ?
How much violence can occur in our films and video games before we say enough ?
I see Christianity factoring to this gore - glorifying culture in two ways : through the violent nature of the Bible itself , and Christianity 's shaming of human sexuality .
On Violence , the Bible offers us the following quotes : These are , by no means , the only examples of violence in the Bible .
There are also instances of God being described as ( and even describing himself as ) being angry , wrathful , jealous , and capable of " creating evil " ( Psalms 78:49 , Deut 5:9 , Isaiah 45:7 ) .
If the god of so many people has such little problem with admitting his own violent tendencies , then his followers clearly see no problem in indulging their own .
Where is the god of love , redemption , and forgiveness in all of this , however ?
Love is a tricky word here though .
Certainly , there is more than one kind of love , yes , but when we 're referring to " making love " , let 's see what the Bible has to say then :
Ok , so what we see at first is that sex , when encountered within the confines of a heterosexual marriage bed , is not only allowable by god , but encouraged .
When we get away from not even the heterosexuality issues , however , but even just being unwed , the Bible turns the tables on sex completely :
These three passages alone raise a few interesting and necessary questions .
What , exactly , constitutes sexual immorality ?
If two people ( or more , depending on a person 's situation ) , are consensually engaging in sexual intercourse , knowing full well what they are doing and why they are doing it , I hardly see this as being " immoral " behavior .
The next passage , about all other sins being " outside " a man 's body , and therefore not as terrible as sexual deviancy , make it seem as though sex is Public Enemy Number One on the list of Things You Really Should n't Do , above even murder or suicide ( the latter of which , I definitely consider to be within one 's own body ) .
Lastly , putting to death something which is our " earthly nature " ... would n't that imply something which is natural , and therefore intended by god ?
Why stifle that which we are inclined by our bodies and minds to do ?
Clearly , the Bible and god frown much more upon sex than upon violence , god even seeming to be rather a fan of the latter .
I know that points could be raised such as the commandment " Thou shall not kill " , and the teachings of Jesus Christ to place love above all else , but these points often seem to be left by the wayside by Christians , so I too am leaving them be .
The fact of the matter is , these verses have impacted the minds of Christians , and subversively the thinking of society at large , into believing that sexuality is immoral and impure in all forms of media and in all forms personally outside of straight marriage , but that violence - as long as a person is not committing it themselves - is alright to watch and be actively engaged in ( meaning , ok to get excited about and to be exposed to ) .
Humans have not evolved beyond sex yet ; we have , however , evolved beyond the need to be violent .
Yet society and uppity mothers would have us believe otherwise .
Yes , the media is oversaturated with sexual imagery , I will make no attempt to deny this fact .
But when it comes to what we 're more comfortable exposing our children to , violence wins out almost every time .
On average , I get about 10 mothers a week who allow their kids to rent R-rated movies and M - rated games for graphic violent behavior , but even a PG - 13 rating for sexual content will end up back on the shelf .
And , like the customer who 's story I retold at the beginning of this post , they all seem so proud in their Christian belief that sex is a no - no , but violence is a -okay .
* Infinity ( sudo apt - get install infinity - theme )
* Wild shine ( sudo apt - get install wild - shine - theme )
* Exotic ( sudo apt - get install exotic - theme )
* Tropical ( sudo apt - get install tropical - theme )
* Step into Freedom ( sudo apt - get install step - into - freedom - theme )
* Bamboo Zen ( sudo apt - get install bamboo - zen - theme )
* Ubuntu sunrise ( sudo apt - get install ubuntu - sunrise - theme )
* Aqua Dreams ( sudo apt - get install aquadreams - theme )
* Show Time ( sudo apt - get install showtime - theme )
* Orange ( sudo apt - get install orange - theme )
* Ellana ( sudo apt - get install ellanna - theme )
* Airlines ( sudo apt - get install airlines - theme )
To add the repository , go to Administration -> Software Sources ->
Third Party Software and add these 2 lines :
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/bisigi/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main deb-src
http://ppa.launchpad.net/bisigi/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main
Before updating the package list you have to add the keys by running the following command in a terminal :
sudo apt - key adv -- keyserver keyserver.ubuntu.com -- recv-keys 881574DE
Then update the package list :
sudo apt - get update
If you wish to install all the themes with one command , run this in a terminal :
sudo apt - get install zgegblog - themes
Update 1 : François has
Update 2 : The themes are now also available for Ubuntu 9.10 Karmic Koala and Ubuntu 10.04 Lucid Lynx
sudo add - apt - repository ppa:bisigi
Update3 : there are now 12 Gnome themes in the Bisigi project .
They can all be found in the same repository ( post updated ) .
Update 4 : another theme has been added to the Bisigi project and in my optinion this is the best theme created by François :
[ via * Balanzan ( sudo apt - get install balanzan - theme ) *
Infinity ( sudo apt - get install infinity - theme ) *
Wild shine ( sudo apt - get install wild - shine - theme )* Exotic ( sudo apt - get install exotic - theme ) * Tropical ( sudo apt - get install tropical - theme ) *
Step into Freedom ( sudo apt - get install step - into - freedom - theme ) * Bamboo Zen ( sudo apt - get install bamboo - zen - theme ) * Ubuntu sunrise ( sudo apt - get install ubuntu - sunrise - theme ) * Aqua Dreams ( sudo apt - get install aquadreams - theme ) * Show Time ( sudo apt - get install showtime - theme ) *
Orange ( sudo apt - get install orange - theme ) * Ellana ( sudo apt - get install ellanna - theme ) * Airlines ( sudo apt - get install airlines - theme ) To add the repository , go toand add these 2 lines :
Before updating the package list you have to add the keys by running the following command in a terminal :
Then update the package list :
If you wish to install all the themes with one command , run this in a terminal : François has released yet another great theme called Showtime ( click for details ) The themes are now also available for .
To add the Karmic and Lucid repository , paste this in a terminal : there are now 12 Gnome themes in the Bisigi project .
They can all be found in the same repository ( post updated ) .
another theme has been added to the Bisigi project and in my optinion this is the best theme created by François : Airlines [ via genbeta
François Vogelweith is the author of zgegblog , a site that maintains a collection of great GNOME themes ( you can see screenshots of the themes and some more info but in French , on his website ) .
Balanzan ( translated : Balance ) is one of its most popular creations , a very comprehensive theme based on Ubuntu Jaunty Jackalope , which contains a wallpaper , logon theme , Emerald theme , controls and icons .
On his website there are the nine themes so far , all with very exotic names , usually some variation in colors and shapes .
Most themes even come with a AWN themes .
For helping Ubuntu users , these themes are also available in .DEB packages and there is also a Launchpad repository that you can add so that you can install any of themes ( installation command between the brackets after you have added the Ubuntu repository , see below ) :
WASHINGTON  The Supreme Court agreed on Monday to consider whether the reasoning that led it to strike down the death penalty for juvenile offenders four years ago should also apply to sentences of life without the possibility of parole .
The court accepted two cases on the issue , both from Florida and neither involving a killing .
In one , Joe Sullivan was sentenced to life without the possibility of release for raping a 72 - year - old woman in 1989 , when he was 13 .
In the other , Terrance Graham received the same sentence for participating in a home invasion robbery in 2004 , when he was 17 and on probation for other crimes .
In the majority opinion in the death penalty case , Roper v. Simmons , Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote that teenagers were immature , unformed , irresponsible and susceptible to negative influences , including peer pressure .
“ Even a heinous crime committed by a juvenile , ” Justice Kennedy concluded , is not “ evidence of irretrievably depraved character . ”
Name
Phone
Email
חברה
חברה
* we care about your privacy .
please read ourprivacy policy and notice to learn more about how we use personal data .
לחצו להצטרפו ת
ההודעה נשלחה בהצלחה .
The Conficker worm is receiving a lot of attention because of its vast scale ( millions of machines infected ) and advanced update mechanisms .
Thanks to research by Tillmann Werner and Felix Leder of The Honeynet Project and implementation work by Ron Bowes , David Fifield , Brandon Enright , and Fyodor , a new Nmap release is here which can remotely scan for and detect infected machines .
To scan for Conficker , use a command such as :
nmap -PN - T4 - p139,445 -n -v –script=smb-check-vulns –script-args safe=1 [ targetnetworks ]
A clean machine should report at the bottom : “ Conficker : Likely CLEAN “ , while likely infected machines say : “ Conficker : Likely INFECTED “ .
For more advice , see this nmap - dev post by Brandon Enright .
Dan Kaminsky broke the story on Doxpara.com .
While Conficker gets all the attention , 4.85BETA5 also has many other great improvements :
Detectives arrested a Salem man today who 's accused of using a dog shock collar on his four children .
Investigators said Todd Marcum , 41 , admitted shocking the children -- ages 3 , 6 , 8 and 9 -- at least once because he thought it was funny , said Lt. Dave Okada , a Salem Police Department spokesman .
Marcum also chased his 3 - year - old son with the collar , making him cry at the thought of being shocked , they said .
He was booked into the Marion County Jail on four counts of first - degree criminal mistreatment .
The children are now in their mother 's custody .
Detectives referred the case to the state Department of Human Services .
-- Casey Parks ; caseyparks@news.oregonian.com
Archaeologists who have uncovered two massive carved stucco panels in the Mirador Basin of Gua­temala ’s northern rain forest say they are the earliest known representation of the Mayan creation myth , predating other such artifacts by a millennium .
According to the researchers , the panels — 26 feet long and 20 feet high , with images of monsters , gods , and swimming heroes — date to 300 B.C.
They formed the sides of a channel that carried rainwater into a complex system of stepped pools , where it was stored for drinking and agriculture .
Idaho State University archaeologist Richard Hansen , who is directing the ongoing excavation , says that the panels ’ carved images depict an important scene from the Popol Vuh , a text of the Mayan myth that was first recorded in the 16th century .
In the part of the story shown , the Hero Twins swim through the underworld after retrieving the head of their father , the deity Hun Hunahpu .
Some historians dismiss the Popol Vuh as a contaminated document , containing not only ancient Mayan mythology but also contemporary Spanish Catholic influences .
The discovery of the panels establishes key portions of the stories as genuinely Mayan .
“ We can now extend the authenticity of the creation myth back another 1,000 years , ” Hansen says .
Capcom ’s Chief Financial Officer , Abe Kazuhiko has updated his statement about Resident Evil 5 coming to Wii .
“ Up until now , after releasing our Ps3 and Xbox 360 games , we have brought them to Wii .
Basically , this is the approach we are considering taking . ”
Expect a new wave of ports to hit the Wii , it looks like it starting to be a trend with Capcom , as you can remember they are also bringing Dead Rising 2 to the Nintendo Wii .
[ Via D+Pad ]
By Blaine Williams
An emergency ' clean - up ' of the Lords is underway with Jack Straw , justice secretary , bringing forward new legislation to bring Lords regulation more into line with that of MPs .
The new legislation will force all peers to be permanent residents of the UK and pay full British tax .
The move will mean that members who decline to disclose where they reside for tax reasons could risk expulsion if they remain to keep their affairs undercover .
Changing the law to ensure peers who are jailed for more than a year for a criminal offence would be stripped of their peerage , bringing the rules of the House of Lords more in line with those applying to MPs , is also being seriously considered .
Lord Oakeshott , a Liberal Democrat , tabled a private member 's bill last year asking for all peers to pay full British tax and remain permanent members of the UK for tax purposes .
The bill had cross party support but stood little chance of being passed as some members said they would not back the plan .
Mr Straw has decided to add this key measure into the constitutional renewal bill .
However , peers who have already been found guilty of criminal offenses may escape expulsion as the new rules may not be applied retrospectively .
Mr Straw said : " We will certainly pass a law to ensure that if you have been convicted of a serious criminal offence , you could not sit in the House of Lords .
" There is a separate issue about whether any change of the law which is adverse to individuals could or should apply retrospectively .
So leave aside those individuals who have indeed been convicted of serious offences in the past . "
The new rules might not allow the expulsion of Lord Archer of Weston - super - Mare , who was convicted of perjury , and Lord Black of Crossharbour , who is serving a jail sentence in America for fraud .
The Scientology movement went on trial in Paris yesterday for " organised fraud " in a case which could lead to the cult 's organising bodies being outlawed in France .
The French state prosecution service has failed to back the trial but denies that its decision was influenced by the lobbying of French politicians , including Nicolas Sarkozy before he became President , by leading Scientologists , including the actor Tom Cruise .
After an 11 - year inquiry , following complaints from four French former Scientologists , an independent , investigating magistrate decided that the prosecution should go ahead .
Two female plaintiffs allege that , between 1997 and 1999 , the French movement persuaded them to pay the equivalent of € 20,000 each on drugs , vitamins , counselling , saunas and equipment to improve their mental and physical health .
This included an " electrometer " to measure the state of their " spiritual condition " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The movement is accused of pretending to " identify and resolve alleged psychological difficulties " and " promoting the personal flowering " of its adepts with the " sole aim of seizing their resources " and " establishing psychological control over them " .
Although individual Scientologists , including the cult 's founder , L Ron Hubbard , have previously been convicted in France , this is the first time that the movement itself has been accused in a French court of systematic criminal activity .
Seven leading members of the movement in France are also on trial .
Scientology , officially accepted as a religion in the United States , is on trial for " escroquerie en bande organisée " – or organised financial fraud .
It is also accused of dispensing drugs illegally to its members .
Two of the original plaintiffs have withdrawn their actions .
If convicted after a two or three - week trial , the main French organisations of the movement could be ordered to close down .
The cult 's French spokeswoman , Danièle Gounord , protested yesterday that Scientology was the victim of a " heresy trial " and " mendacious accusations " .
Maitre Olivier Morice , lawyer for the two remaining plaintiffs , said the court would have an opportunity " once and for all " to examine the evidence that the leaders of the Church of Scientology are driven by financial gain .
This was the conclusion drawn by the report submitted by the investigating magistrate , Jean - Christophe Hullin , three years ago .
He said that Scientology was " first and foremost a commercial organisation " motivated by " an absolute obsession with profit " .
The French state prosecution service rejected Judge Hullin 's conclusions and decided in 2006 that Scientology should not be sent for trial .
Whatever outsiders might think , the prosecution service decided , Scientology was motivated by " religious conviction " and not " personal gain " .
The actor and Scientologist Tom Cruise had led a lobbying campaign to block the legal action , which is the latest of five against the movement in France since the 1970s .
At one point , he sought , and was granted a meeting with M Sarkozy , before he became President .
The prosecution service , or parquet , denies any connection between this political lobbying and its decision to recommend an acquittal .
Judge Hullin decided to send the case for trial despite the parquet 's decision .
Under French law , the investigating magistrate can , in effect , overrule the state prosecution service but the chances of a successful prosecution are inevitably dimmed .
The defendants , including the Church of Scientology itself , are formally accused of cheating the defendants " by systematic use of personality tests of no scientific value ... with the sole aim of selling services and products " .
Scientology was founded in 1952 by a former science fiction writer , L Ron. Hubbard .
Although the complete teachings of Scientology are available only to senior adepts , the core of its beliefs is that all humans are immortal beings who have strayed from their true nature .
Human souls or " thetans " can be reincarnated .
Many have already lived on other planets in the universe .
The movement " audits " the souls of members and would - be members and – in return for fees or donations – prescribes " purification " courses , including vitamins , drugs and lengthy saunas .
Scientology claims that it is a religion , like any other religion with beliefs that may seem implausible to outsiders .
Its approach would , the cult argues , lead to a world without crime and war .
PONTIAC , Mich. , May 7 ( UPI ) --
Police said a Michigan concealed weapons teacher accidentally shot a student in the face during a demonstration .
Investigators said the 74 - year - old teacher accidentally discharged a bullet from a .38 - caliber Smith and Wesson revolver at about 4:30 p.m. Tuesday during a class in Oakland County , WDIV -TV , Detroit , reported Thursday .
Advertisement
The bullet ricocheted off a table and struck a 52 - year - old student in the face .
The student was taken to Troy Beaumont Hospital to receive treatment for non-life threatening injuries .
The teacher told investigators he thought the gun was loaded with plastic bullets .
Police said the shooting is being treated as accidental and no charges have been filed .
独自モジュールと最適化の積み重ねで高速化
開発者に聞く 、Google Chromeが目指すもの
「昔はWebブラウザの新バージョンのリリースには1年とか1年半かかっていました。しかし、われわれはWebブラウザの世界にも、Webアプリケーションと同じ速度で革新をもたらしたいのです」。こう語るのは、グーグルでシニアプロダクトマネージャーを務める及川卓也氏だ。及川氏は日本のグーグルでGoogle Chrome開発に携わる1人だ。
東京・渋谷のグーグルの日本オフィスで、Google Chromeに関する最新事情と技術的な取り組みについて話を聞いた。ここでは、Google ChromeがベースにしているオープンソースのWebブラウザ開発プロジェクト「 Chromium 」 のWebサイトにある開発者向け情報と合わせてGoogle Chromeの現状と、高速化への取り組みに迫ってみたい。
矢継ぎ早のバージョンアップで機能強化と高速化
及川氏の指摘通り、グーグル はGoogle Chromeの新バージョンを矢継ぎ早にリリースしている。2008年9月に初めてのベータ版をリリースして以来、約3カ月後の2008年12月にはGoogle
Chrome 1.0を正式版をリリース。さらに、年が明けた2009年3月には高速化したバージョン2.0のベータ版をリリースしている。
グーグル シニアプロダクトマネージャー 及川卓也 氏
Google Chrome 2.0ベータ版はJavaScriptエンジンが2〜3割高速化しているほか、フォームの自動補完入力機能や、WebKitがサポートするフルページズーム、自動スクロールを実装。また、タブをドラッグしてページを左右に並べる機能も追加している。
Google Chromeはオープンソースの 「 Chromium 」をベースとしているため 、Chromiumの開発版を見れば、次期バージョン（もしくは将来のバージョン）で取り込まれる機能が見えてくる。例えば、すでにGoogle Chrome 2.0のベータ版やChromiumの開発版ではユーザースクリプトやエクステンションの開発・利用が可能となっている。及川氏によれば、これらの機能は2009年5月末に米国のサンフランシスコで開催予定の開発者向けイベント「 Google I/O」で詳細が明らかにされるそうだ。
ユーザースクリプトやコンテンツスクリプトは、Firefoxで人気のGreasemonkey相当のもの。APIには互換性があり、すでに多くのGreasemonkeyスクリプトが動いている。エクステンションに関しては、まだ詳細は不明だが、HTMLやJavaScriptで作成したものをパッケージ化して電子署名を施した上で配布・アップデートする仕組みを提供するようだ。解説ページを見る限り、標準的なブラウザプラグインのAPIである「 NPAPI 」（Netscape Plugin Application Programming Interface）を使ってバイナリコンポーネントを組み合わせたエクステンションも作成可能となりそうだ。
このほか、オープンソースの開発版では、Windows版に遅れていたMac OS X版やLinux版についても、すでにUIを備えたアプリケーションとして稼働するものがリリースされているなど、着々と開発が進められている。
リリースされたばかり のChrome 2.0ベータ
Chromiumはまだアルファ版なが らLinux上でも動いている
知られざる、日本人エンジニアの活躍
2008年9 月 にGoogle Chromeが登場したとき、その技術設計の詳細を解説したコミックが話題となった。米国の著名な漫画家、スコット・マクラウド氏が手がけたそのコミックは、ポップな絵柄でありながら、実在のグーグルのエンジニアがGoogle Chromeのエンジニアリングの要諦を解説するというものだった。
現在、日本のグーグルではこれと同等の冊子を製作中という。イラストレーターの白根ゆたんぽ氏を起用し、Google Chrome開発に携わる日本のエンジニアも登場予定だ。
現在グーグルの日本オフィスで製作中のコミック。Google Chromeの技術的な解説をするために、日本人エンジニアも登場している。Chromeの開発には、日本人も少なからず関わっている
日本のグーグルに勤めるソフトウェアエンジニア
坊野博典氏も、冊子に登場予定の1人だ。多言語環境におけるレンダリングの高速化という点で、Google Chromeに貢献している。
「 英語と日本語が混じったページではフォントの切り替えが発生します。例えばArialには日本語のフォントが入ってないので、レンダリング時に文字を判別してフォント切り替えを行っています」
Windows はOSとして、多言語混在テキストでもフォントをハンドリングする仕組みを持っているが、それは使わないという。
「 Windowsにはフォントリンクという仕組みがあります。これを用いることにより、英語のフォントを指定して日本語の文字を表示するような場合でもWindowsが自動的にフォントを切り換えて日本語を表示してくれます。この機能は非常に便利なのですが、Google Chromeの目的であるWebページの表示に特化させてこの部分を設計および実装すれば、英語版のGoogle Chrome描画速度により近いものができるのではないかと思いました。このため、Google Chromeではこの部分を独自で実装し、その結果を、フォントリンクを用いずに表示するようにしています」
少しでも速度を稼ぐために、Windowsにある多言語処理の仕組みではなく、より生に近いフォント描画のAPIを使うというわけだ。こうすることで、独自のキャッシュメカニズム実装が可能になる。
「実際に はCSSなどの指定を考慮する必要があるので非常に複雑になるのですが、例えばGoogle Chromeが日英混在テキストを表示する際、Google Chromeはそのテキストを英語の部分と日本語の部分に分割し、英数字にはArial、日本語の文字にはMSゴシックフォントを割り当てます。このとき、割り当て結果のフォントをキャッシュしておくことで、同じ文字が登場しても2回目からはフォント割り当てをバイパスすることができます」
グーグル ソフトウェアエンジニア 坊野博典 氏
「実際 にWebページを表示する際にはCSSで指定されたフォントを優先する必要があるので、これらの割り当て情報を用いて（ブラウザが）自分でフォントの割り当てを行う場合と、それらの情報を用いずにWindowsに任せる場合とでは、かなりスピードが違います」
OS が提供する枠組みに頼らず、独自にモジュールを実装するのはクロスプラットフォーム対応を考慮してのことのように思えるが、坊野氏は、それは違うという。
「 クロスプラットフォームというと、汎用性の高いツールキットを使うという考え方もあります。しかし、われわれはOSや ( WebKitなど Google Chromeが利用している ) ライブラリに、より特化した実装を用いることによって、ユーザーにより良い体験を提供することができるのではないかと思っています」
プラットフォームに適したものを選ぶという意味では、GUIフレームワークの例がある。Google Chromeでは、Windows向けとして「views」を実装している。ただ、独自フレームワークを使いつつも、実装コストやOSとの親和性から、プリミティブなところではWindowsがネイティブで提供するGUIコントロールを使っているという。
「 WebKitベース 」 でも次々とモジュールを独自実 装
Google Chromeという名前は、GUIアプリケーションの一番外側となるウィンドウ枠やボタン類などを総称して呼ぶソフトウェア業界のジャーゴン、「クローム」から付けられたという。絵画で言えば額縁に相当する部分だ。グーグルはこれまで、大切なのは額縁の中身（Webのコンテンツ）で、額縁はなるべくユーザーの邪魔にならないように最小化するのだと説明してきた。
確か にGoogle ChromeのUIは素っ気なく、一般的 なWindowsアプリケーションで必要最小限と思われているドロップダウンメニューすら表示していない。また、広く知られているように、Google ChromeはブラウザのエンジンにアップルがSafariで使っているWebKitを採用している。
となると 、Google Chrome自体は中身をWebKitに任せている以上、何もすることがないのではないか。そうも思えてくる。グーグルはオープンソースのモジュールをいくつかくっつけてGoogle Chromeという名前を冠したほかに、いったい何をやっているのか。そんな疑問もわいてくる。
しかし実際には高速化のため、あるいはユーザーに対する応答性を高めるために、大小さまざまな独自実装やエンジニアリングを行っている（参考記事：Chromeはなぜ速いのか）。
グラフィックス描画エンジンも、独自ライブラリを使っている例だ。Google Chromeではテキスト以外のグラフィックのレンダリングには、2005年にグーグルが買収したSkiaという会社の同名のエンジンを使っている。なぜ、WindowsのGDIではないのか？
Chromiumコミュニティ のSkiaの解説ページには、その理由がいくつか書いてある。1つは、Windowsが提供するAPIのGDIが、SVGやCanvasの実装には機能が不十分であること。もう1つは、マイクロソフトによるGDI＋の開発が止まっていて、ほとんどのグラフィック操作でSkiaよりも遅いことを挙げている。Firefox3（Gecko 1.9）以降やGTK+向けのWebKitで使われていることで知られるオープンソースのベクトルグラフィック描画エンジン「Cairo」もクロスプラットフォーム対応では問題があり、Google Chromeのニーズに合わなかったために使っていないという。
Windows向け Google Chromeではネットワークスタックも独自のものに置き換えようとしている。Windowsが提供する標準的なAPIとしては、WinHTTPとWinInetがあるが、それぞれ使いづらさがあるという。WinInetはIEが使っていることから、より幅広くテストされ、鍛え上げられているといえる一方、ドキュメントが乏しく、サポートされていないAPIもあるという（Chromiumチームは、IEが使っている機能で、APIのドキュメントにないものがあると指摘している）。一方、WinHTTPはドキュメントが充実していたり、キャッシュをIEと共有せずに済むなどの利点があるが、KeepAliveコネクションやASCII文字以外を含むURLのエンコーディングに問題があるという。これまではこれらに個別の回避策を講じてきたが、今後はWinHTTPにもWinInetにも依存しない独自のプロトコルスタックを使っていくのだという。SSLの一部の機能、SOCKS対応など未実装の機能があるものの、すでに大部分は実装済みだ。
興味深いのは、このネットワークスタックの独自実装に対して予定しているという機能追加だ。
例えば、HTTPの接続要求に優先順位を付ける機能を考えているという。HTTPでは、仕様上、1つのクライアントから、あまり大量にHTTPリクエストをサーバに送れない。このため接続数の上限を超えたらクライアントの接続要求をキューにプールするという動作をさせるのが一般的だ。このプールの中で、例えば画像の優先順位を下げれば、HTMLやCSSなどテキストファイルが優先され、結果としてレンダリングを速くすることができる。もちろん、Webページに含まれる画像やテキストがすべてそろわなければレンダリングは完了しないが、きちんとHTMLやCSSが書かれてあれば、画像の部分は空けたままレイアウトはできる。これは体感速度の違いに現れるはずだ。
画像ファイルなど大きなファイルの転送でレジューム機能を実装することも考えているという。これはHTTP1.1で利用できる送信バイト範囲指定のヘッダを使い、途中まで受信してキャッシュに残ったデータに追加ダウンロードすることで無駄なトラフィックを抑えるという機能だ。ダウンローダーなどで実装されているレジューム機能を、画像ファイルなどに対しても行うというわけだ。
“ 引っかか り ” のないスムーズな操作 感
Google Chromeは、同じWebKitベースといっても、アップルのSafariとは構成コンポーネントが異なる。Webブラウザを構成する大きなコンポーネントは、レンダリングエンジン、JavaScriptエンジン、グラフィックエンジンの3つだが、グーグルはGoogle Chromeで後者2つを独自のものに置き換えている。
昨今のJavaScriptエンジンのスピード競争に火を付けたのはGoogle Chromeに搭載された「V8」だろう。V8ではプロトタイプ型オブジェクト指向言語の弱点だったプロパティアクセス時の探索時間に、「隠しクラス」変換を高速化させるアイデアを実装したり、実行時のネイティブコードへのコンパイルといった手法を採用。JavaScriptの実行を一気に高速化した。これに刺激されるかのようにFirefoxチームやWebKitチームが、それぞれ大幅に高速化したTraceMonkey、SquirrelFishを発表したのは記憶に新しい。
V8では、使わなくなったオブジェクトのメモリを解放するガベージ・コレクタ（GC）の実装でも、現在一般的なJavaScriptエンジンとは異なるアプローチを採用している。従来は実装がシンプルな「保守的なGC」と呼ばれるアプローチが採用されることが多かった。保守的なGCでは実行スタック全体を探索してオブジェクトへのポインタらしきものを探し、オブジェクトが使用中であるかどうかなどを確認の上、これを解放する。これに対してV8が採用する「正確なGC」と言われるアプローチでは、オブジェクトへのポインタをすべて把握、管理している。
オブジェクトの数が増えると、GCが不要なオブジェクトを判定して解放するのにかかる1サイクル当たりの時間が長くなる。これは、ユーザーへの体感速度の点で大きな影響を及ぼす。GCが走る間は、ほかの処理をすべて停止するのがふつうで、コンマ数秒とか、長いときには1、2秒間、アプリケーションが固まり、“ 引っかかる”
ような状態になるからだ。
正確なGCの実装は、保守的なGCに比べて複雑になるが、パフォーマンス上のメリットが大きい。また、すべてのオブジェクト（へのポインタ）を管理下に置くことで、より高度な「世代別GC」や「インクリメンタルGC」の実装といったさらなる高速化（サイクルの短時間化）につながるアプローチでもある。実際、V8はすでに世代別GCは行っているという。
先日、グーグルが公開し た「 Chrome Experiments 」にある 「 Ball Pool」は、このV8のGCの実力を見せつけるようなデモンストレーションだ。Ball Poolでは、重力のある小部屋の中に多量のボールを発生させて、マウス操作でボールを引っかき回すような処理ができる。あまり多くボールを作ってしまうと、どんどん処理が重たくなる。JavaScriptエンジンやベクトルグラフィック（HTML 5に入る予定のCanvas）の実力が試される。
このデモンストレーションを実行すると、V8の速さとともに「引っかかりのなさ」がはっきりと分かる。同じデモンストレーションをFirefox 3で行うと、明らかにボールが止まる瞬間がある。これは高度化するWebアプリケーションにおいて、スムーズな使用感というユーザー体験をもたらす上では重要な違いだ。
体感速度へのインパクト最小化というV8のガベージ・コレクタの実装は、Google Chromeのマルチプロセス設計との相乗効果を発揮しているように思う。Google Chromeでは、タブごとにプロセスを分け、重たいページや処理が滞っているタブがあったとしても、ほかのタブに影響させないようにしている。これが、Google Chromeの操作感の軽快さを実現している。単一のプロセス、単一のJavaScriptエンジンのインスタンスで処理を行うと、開くページが多くなればなるほど、そして各ページがリッチになればなるほど、ユーザーの体感速度はモッサリとしたものになり、やりたい操作がなかなか実行できないというレスポンスの低下につながる。後発のGoogle Chromeでは、こうした問題をマルチプロセスや、高度なGCの実装で回避している。
Webブラウジングのユーザー体験を「軽快」にするものは、HTMLを表示するレンダリング速度向上や、ベンチマークテストで計測できるJavaScriptの処理速度の高速化ばかりではない。
正規表現ライブラリも置き換え
登場時にすでに十分高速だったV8だが、グーグルのChromeチーム（Chromiumの開発者に含まれる）は、さらなる高速化のために新しいアルゴリズムを実装している。2009年2月4日のChromiumの開発ブログを見ると、V8で新しい正規表現のライブラリを実装したとある。
V8で採用していた正規表現ライブラリは、オープンソース界で広く使われているPCRE（Perl Compatible Regular Expressions）から派生した「 JSCRE 」と呼ばれるライブラリ。このライブラリで使っているアルゴリズムはJavaや Perl、PHP、Python、Rubyなどでも使っている（あるいは使われていた）ものと同じで、ある種の正規表現では非常に処理効率が落ちることがあるという。Google Chromeチームが指摘する正規表現の2つの異なるアルゴリズムを解説したページには、29文字の文字列を検索するのにPerl 5.8.7で60秒以上かかる例が示されている。逆に古くからからAWKやGREPといったツールで実装されている「
Thompson NFA 」と呼ばれるアルゴリズムを使ったツールでは、これは数十マイクロ秒で終わる処理だ。100文字のマッチングの場合、Thompson NFAで100ミリ秒で終わる処理が 、Perl 5.8.7では10の15乗年かかる。
こうした異様に遅くなるパターンは「病理的な正規表現」と呼ばれ、実際の利用シーンで多く存在するものではないという。Perlは十分に速い。しかし一方、現実の場面では実行効率の悪い正規表現とはどんなものかというのをプログラマが学習したり、正規表現を最適化するツールを使うという矛盾を続けているのだという。それは、一般的な正規表現に対して優れたパフォーマンスを発揮するThompson NFAというアルゴリズムが存在するにも関わらず、より素朴なアルゴリズムの実装が使われているからだ。先の解説ページを書いたラス・コックス（Russ Cox）氏は、正規表現というものが、よい理論がよいプログラムに結び付くというコンピュータサイエンスの輝かしい成功事例であると同時に、よい理論を無視することがいかにダメなプログラムに結び付くかを示す輝かしい事例となってしまっている、と書いている。
Google Chromeチームは、V8で正規表現ライブラリの置き換えにも取り組み、JSCREに代わる「 Irregexp」を実装。100万ページに上るリアルなWebページでそのパフォーマンスを検証したという。
手元 のPCで、Google Chrome 2.0ベータに含まれるIrregexpをテストした結果、確かにJPCREのときに比べて約4倍と大幅に高速化できているのを確認できた。
同じV8 Benchmark Suite version 3 で Internet Explorer 8（8.0.6001.18702）とFirefox 3（3.0.7）を含めてJavaScript処理能力を測った結果。縦軸はトータルの点数。ただし、このベンチマークがグーグルのV8チームが用意したものである点、Firefoxは現在JavaScriptエンジンの入れ替えを計画している点、JavaScriptの実行速度は「
Webブラウザの速度」の1要素でしかない点などから、参考程度に見てほしい
高速化は小さな改善の積み重ね
正規表現ライブラリの高速化は、JavaScriptの実行時間やWebページの表示・実行時間からすれば、微々たる問題にも思える（ちなみに、コックス氏によれば病理的な正規表現は特殊に見えるかもしれないが、文字列の切り分けなどでそれに近い正規表現が使われているという）。坊野氏が担当した多言語のフォント描画ロジックの独自実装にしても、どれだけインパクトがあるか分からない。この疑問に対して、坊野氏はこう答えている。
「 細かいレベルの話といえばその通りなのですが、これらの細かい改良の積み重ねがGoogle Chromeのさらなる高速化につながると考えています。実際のWebページの描画時間の計測結果を見てみると、このような改良で多少高速化可能な部分というものが少なからず存在します。われわれはそれらの細かい部分も含め、さまざまな改良を加えることによってGoogle Chromeをより良いものにしていきたいと思っています」
グーグルなどの大規模 なWebサービスを展開する企業はどこも、数十、数百ミリ秒単位の違いが、ユーザーの行動に与える影響の大きさを良く知っている。そしてその違いは細かな最適化の積み重ねで稼ぐべきものだというわけだ。
起動時間が遅くなったら、ビルドとして不成立
Google Chromeでは、クロスプラットフォーム対応において、移植性よりも各プラットフォームでの最適化を重視するというアプローチを取っているため、ビルド管理も一般的な開発に比べると厳しくしているという。
「 ソースコードの変更によって、ビルドができなくなることを完全に回避することは非常に困難ですが、われわれはそれを回避するためにさまざまな努力を行っています。とりわけ開発中の変更が全体のビルドにどのような影響を及ぼすのかを可視化するために、さまざまな手段を提供しています」（坊野氏）
Chromiumプロジェクトで使われているビルドの管理ツールの例
グーグルでは 、Google Chromeの開発に当たって当初からビルドをサポートするツールを充実させてきたという。
「 Google Chromeは、当初から開発プロセスを含めてすべてをChromiumとして公開する予定で開発されていました。このため、開発に必要なツールもオープンソースで公開可能なものを可能な限り利用して開発されています。結果として、Chromiumの開発ページからはソースコードだけでなく、われわれがGoogle Chromeの開発に日々利用しているツールなども取得可能になっています」（坊野氏）
「 グーグル内部の開発工程というのがあります。開発やレビューですよね。レビューして品質の高いソフトウェアを作るところも、オープンソースにして外に出すということをしています。Chromiumにはレビューツールも入っているのです」（及川氏）
「 Chromiumで はGoogle内部の開発と同様に、さまざまなテストを自動で行うようになっています。これらのテストの中には起動時間や実際のWebページの描画時間を計測するものもあります。また、これらのテスト結果を公開することにより、常に良い品質のアプリケーションを提供できるようになると思っています」（坊野氏）
ここで疑問に思うの がWebKitチームとの連携だ。すでに書いたように、WebKitがプラガブルな設計であるとはいえ、Google ChromeとSafariでは異なる点も多い。そもそもWebKitの開発の主導権はアップルが握っているという批判も聞こえてくる。
「 WebKitコミュニティは、オープンソース一般のコミュニティと何ら変わりません。メーリングリストで提案やパッチをやり取りして、それが良いものであれば民主的に取り入れられるだけです」（及川氏）
「 Google Chrome とSafariは両方と もWebKitを利用していますが、いくつかのモジュールが異なっているので、WebKitチームと協力してそれらを切り替えられるようなコードの作成もしています。また、WebKitチームとのより円滑な連携を行うために、彼らとのコミュニケーションはできるだけ緊密にしていきたいと思っています」（坊野氏）
プラグインの要らない世界へ
Google Chromeが目指しているのは、より速いWebブラウザなのか？ 及川氏は、速さ以外の点も強調する。
「 われわれはプラグインをなくしたいと思っています。これはセキュリティの問題にも通じるのですが、せっかくGoogle Chromeで、マルチプロセスでサンドボックス化していても、プラグインがあると、そこがネックになり得ます」
「 プラグインをどう動かすかは各ベンダに任されていて、バラバラです。プラグインによっては自身の権限を上げて管理者権限に近い状態で動いたりしています。そうすると、個別のタブをサンドボックス化していても、そこに安定性や脆弱性の問題を抱えてしまいます。Google Chromeではプラグインが停止していれば、それを検知してユーザーに提示するなど、最大限の隔離はしています。それでもプラグインの影響が大きいのです。OSに対する安定性も損なってしまう。できるだけプラグインのない世界を考えていきたいのです」
「プラグインが必要なのは、音声やビデオ、アニメーションなどを利用する場合です。なぜこれらをWebデザイナの方々が使うかというと、マルチプラットフォーム対応が楽だからです。ですが、HTML 5では音声やビデオ、Canvasなどが入り、これまでプラグインが必要だったものが、すべてWebブラウザだけで実現できるようになり、デザイナの負担が下がります」
「別にプラグインを悪くいう気はありません。ただ、例えばPDFのAcrobatがいい例ですが、PDFを開くと、そこでとたんに操作性が違ってしまうのは残念なことです。そこだけ、ページのスクロールの仕方まで違ってしまいます。プラグインを起動してページをロードするのに時間もかかります。単に情報を表示するだけならば、本来、HTMLとCSSで実現できるのが一番利便性が高いのでしょう。ただ、残念なことに、Webの表現力がそこまで高くないために、プラグインを使わなければいけないのも事実です。HTML 5やCSS3といった次世代のWeb標準を推進することで、それを実現していきたいと思います」
「要は適材適所という考えが重要です。たとえば、PDFは、電子署名が必要であるような企業のIR情報では意味があります。また、ドキュメントを配布する場合にも適切なフォーマットだと思います。しかし、単に作り手側が楽だからという理由だけで、PowerPointやWordで書いた文書を、PDFにしてWebページに載せるようでは、せっかく用意した情報も、ユーザーに見てもらえない可能性があります。Flashでやるべきなら、それでいいでしょう。PDFであるべきなら、それでいいでしょう。ユーザーの視点に立ち、適切なフォーマットであるならば問題ありません。そうでない場合には、作り手側のエゴと言われかねないと思います」
「 HTML 5などの標準を推進することにより、作り手側の期待するデザインがWebで容易に実現することができる。そんな世界が数年後に実現できるように、グーグルだけでなく、多くのWeb関係者の方々と努力を重ねていきたいと考えています」
関連リンク Google Chrome
（ ＠IT 西村賢） 情報をお寄せください ：
The American newspaper is dead .
Long live the American newspaper !
OK , so reports of the demise of daily journalism are a bit premature .
But you can't open up the newspapers today without reading bad news about the papers .
Declining circulation and advertising revenues have forced newsrooms to trim their staffs , which means less real reporting .
A few city papers have closed – the most recent victim was Denver 's 150 - year - old Rocky Mountain News – while others fill their pages with fluff pieces or wire - service stories .
Put simply , it 's getting too expensive to gather news .
So here 's a novel idea : Let 's get university professors to do it .
For real .
And , best of all , free of charge .
Remember , most professors are n't paid for what they write now .
When I publish an article in an academic journal , I do n't earn a cent .
But I also do n't engage more than a handful of readers , mainly fellow specialists in my own field .
It was n't always that way .
A hundred years ago , many of the leading lights in the social sciences and the humanities wrote for the popular press .
If we want to revive the press – as well as our own struggling disciplines – we might look to their example .
Consider Robert E. Park , founder of the " Chicago School " of sociology and one of the most prominent intellectuals of the early 20th century .
After earning his PhD in 1904 from the University of Heidelberg , in Germany , Park became secretary and press agent of the Congo Reform Association .
Park 's muckraking magazine articles exposed Belgium 's vicious atrocities in the Congo , helping to turn world opinion against the colonial regime of King Leopold .
Park returned to academia in 1914 , when he was hired by the University of Chicago .
But he never saw a bright line between his new professorial duties and his old journalistic ones .
Indeed , Park insisted , a sociologist should be " a kind of superreporter " who covers " long - term trends " rather than " what , on the surface , merely seems to be going on . "
In my own field , history , top scholars also cultivated lay audiences : most notably , the husband - and - wife team of Charles and Mary Beard produced bestselling textbooks alongside a broad sheaf of magazine and newspaper articles .
Ditto for the new discipline of anthropology , where Franz Boas and his students – especially Ruth Benedict and Margaret Mead – wrote regularly for the popular press .
Today , with the press itself in peril , we need to do the same .
Economists could report on the recession , of course , providing on - the - ground analyses of bank failures , housing foreclosures , and more .
Biologists could cover climate change and other environmental issues , English professors could write about the book and film industries , and anthropologists could send dispatches from faraway lands .
At the professional schools , news - gathering opportunities would be even greater .
Law professors could cover knotty questions before the Supreme Court , ranging from the detention of suspected terrorists to church - state separation .
Medical school professors could describe the latest advances in patient treatment , architecture scholars could write about design , and professors of education could report on school reform .
So what would be in it for them ?
Right now , nothing .
The way you get ahead in academia is to write for other academics , period .
But we can change that , too .
Suppose that 30 or 40 prominent research universities issued a joint statement , urging their faculty to publish in popular venues – and promising to consider such articles in promotion and salary decisions .
Believe me , you 'd see more and more professors writing for the newspaper .
To be sure , some faculty would continue to turn up their noses at it .
As the historian Patricia Limerick has quipped , these professors resemble the people nobody wanted to dance with in high school ; as a defense mechanism , they pretend that they never wanted to dance in the first place .
But I think plenty of academicians would want to dance , if the academy rewarded it .
And it would be good for their disciplines , too .
These are tough times for the social sciences and humanities , especially , which need to justify their budgets to already - strapped state legislatures and donors .
What better way to prove your worth to the public than to write for it ?
Professors wo n't be a panacea for newspapers , of course .
Many of us do n't know how to write for lay readers , first of all , so we 'll have to learn .
But we have a lot to teach , too , about nearly every subject that a paper might cover .
And did I mention that we 'll work for free ?
Jonathan Zimmerman teaches history and education at New York University .
He is the author of " Small Wonder : The Little Red Schoolhouse in History and Memory , " which will be published in June .
Either Kathleen Sullivan or Pam Karlan ( pictured here ) could become the first openly gay Supreme Court justice .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO Groups push for first gay justice
President Barack Obama is looking to advance diversity with his pick to replace retiring U.S. Supreme Court Justice David Souter — and early speculation has focused on whether he 'll pick a woman , or perhaps the first Hispanic justice .
But gay rights groups — disappointed that Obama did n't pick an openly gay man or woman for his Cabinet — are pushing him to put the first openly gay justice on the Supreme Court .
Advertisement
Within hours of word of Souter 's departure , the Gay and Lesbian Victory Fund was hailing the candidacy of a First Amendment scholar and former dean of Stanford Law School , Kathleen Sullivan .
" Out lesbian a contender for Supreme Court , " one of the group 's web sites declared .
Another Stanford law professor on the " frequently mentioned " lists , Pam Karlan , has been open about being a lesbian , colleagues and former students say .
In response to an e-mail from POLITICO , Karlan expressed no reticence about discussing her sexual orientation , though she downplayed talk about being a possible nominee .
" It 's no secret at all that I 'm counted among the LGBT crowd , " she wrote , using a common acronym for the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered community .
As for the possibility she'd be nominated , Karlan said , " Given the landscape , I 'm flattered , but not fooled , by having my name tossed around . "
Gay and lesbian activists said they were excited that the two women are being publicly considered — and guardedly optimistic that one of them might be picked .
" I think the community was hopeful we would see the first openly gay or lesbian Cabinet secretary and that did n't happen , which was a little disappointing , " aaid Denis Dison of the Victory Fund .
" The same thing is happening now with the Supreme Court vacancy .
...
It 's not so much we want to check that box at the Supreme Court level , but that achievement would be breaking the glass ceiling in a huge way . "
In March , Obama named an open lesbian , Emily Hewitt , to be the chief judge of the federal Court of Claims , but judges on that special court do not have lifetime tenure .
He also nominated another lesbian , Maria Demeo , to serve as a D.C. Superior Court judge .
In all , Obama has made about three dozen appointments of openly gay or lesbian people below the Cabinet level , according to Dison , including Nancy Sutley , head of the White House Council on Environmental Quality , and John Berry , director of the Office of Personnel Management .
Still , in response to questions from POLITICO in recent days , White House aides declined to say whether sexual orientation was among the diversity factors the president planned to consider either with respect to a Supreme Court nominee , or judicial nominees more generally .
During his brief statement to reporters on Friday , Obama said nothing at all about diversity being a factor in his decision .
When press secretary Robert Gibbs addressed the issue , he put the focus not on a nominee 's demographic profile but his or her life experience .
Gibbs spoke of " ensuring diversity in their background and experience " and said Obama " is looking for somebody more with a diversity of background of experience than anything else . "
When pressed about whether race and gender were part of the diversity calculus , Gibbs said tentatively , " I think a diversity of experience would include some of that . "
Some conservative activists say they doubt Obama will nominate a gay or lesbian Supreme Court justice because the nominee 's sexuality could become a political distraction .
" I think that would be a bridge too far for him to be honest because that would enter a whole new element into the debate that I do n't think he 's ready for , " said Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council .
" A parallel to that would be Bill Clinton 's gays in the military battle , which really hurt his agenda from that point forward . "
Perkins said his group would not investigate anyone 's sexual preferences and planned to focus on a nominee 's judicial views .
" The issue is the ideology , " he said .
But attorney and veteran gay rights advocate Dixon Osburn said : " We can all look at the Supreme Court and see it needs more gender diversity .
It needs more racial diversity , it needs more sexual orientation diversity .
It 's hard to get everything in one pick , but all those things need to be considered part of the conversation . "
Osburn said he expects that if Obama concludes that a gay or lesbian candidate is best for the Supreme Court job he will nominate the person and deal with any fallout .
" I do n't think he would shy away from that , but first and foremost he 's going to pick someone he thinks has constitutional gravitas , " Osburn said .
The underrepresentation of open gays and lesbians on the federal bench is evident .
Advocacy groups say they know of none among appeals court judges and only one in the district courts , Deborah Batts , who was nominated by President Bill Clinton in 1994 .
" While people of color and women continue to be underrepresented at all levels of the federal judiciary , ' out ' LGBT judges are nearly invisible among their ranks , " Kevin Cathcart of Lambda Legal wrote in a January letter urging Obama to appoint more gay and lesbian judges .
Historians say the Supreme Court has never had an openly gay or lesbian justice , or even a nominee .
Sullivan , too , has been open with students and colleagues about her sexuality .
In 2006 , at a legal seminar about the evolution of gay rights , Sullivan mentioned a humorous proposal that lawyers should have argued homosexuality is actually a religion .
“ After all , gay men and lesbians have our rituals , our creeds , incantations and special ways of dressing , ” she said .
The former Stanford dean did not respond to an e-mail seeking comment for this article .
Both Stanford professors have been active for gay legal causes .
Sullivan co-wrote the brief for gay rights advocates in the 1986 Supreme Court case , Bowers v. Hardwick , challenging Georgia 's anti-sodomy law .
In a 5 - 4 ruling , the court found the law constitutional .
Karlan wrote a law professors ' amicus brief in the 2003 case , Lawrence v. Texas , which overturned Bowers and ruled that laws against consensual sodomy were unconstitutional .
In 2007 , Sullivan wrote an amicus brief on behalf of Karlan and other law professors , urging the California Supreme Court to legalize gay marriage , which the court did .
Voters later reversed the decision .
For more than a decade , scientists have been frustrated in their attempts to create continuously emitting light sources from individual molecules because of an optical quirk called " blinking , " but now scientists at the University of Rochester have uncovered the basic physics behind the phenomenon , and along with researchers at the Eastman Kodak Company , created a nanocrystal that constantly emits light .
The findings , detailed online in today 's issue of Nature , may open the door to dramatically less expensive and more versatile lasers , brighter LED lighting , and biological markers that track how a drug interact with a cell at a level never before possible .
Many molecules , as well as crystals just a billionth of a meter in size , can absorb or radiate photons .
But they also experience random periods when they absorb a photon , but instead of the photon radiating away , its energy is transformed into heat .
These " dark " periods alternate with periods when the molecule can radiate normally , leading to the appearance of them turning on and off , or blinking .
" A nanocrystal that has just absorbed the energy from a photon has two choices to rid itself of the excess energy — emission of light or of heat , " says Todd Krauss , professor of chemistry at the University of Rochester and lead author on the study .
" If the nanocrystal emits that energy as heat , you 've essentially lost that energy . "
Krauss worked with engineers at Kodak and researchers at the Naval Research Laboratory and Cornell University to discover the new , non-blinking nanocrystals .
Krauss , an expert in nanocrystals , and Keith Kahen , senior principal scientist of Kodak and an expert in optoelectronic materials and devices , were exploring new types of low - cost lighting similar to organic light - emitting diodes , but which might not suffer from the short lifespans and manufacturing challenges inherent in these diodes .
Kahen , with help from Megan Hahn , a postdoctoral fellow in Krauss ' laboratory , synthesized nanocrystals of various compositions .
Xiaoyong Wang , another postdoctoral fellow in Krauss laboratory , inspected one of these new nanocrystals and saw no evidence of the expected blinking phenomenon .
Remarkably , even after four hours of monitoring , the new nanocrystal showed no sign of a single blink — unheard of when blinks usually happen on a scale of miliseconds to minutes .
After a lengthy investigation , Krauss and Alexander Efros from the Naval Research Laboratory concluded that the reason the blinking did n't occur was due to the unusual structure of the nanocrystal .
Normally , nanocrystals have a core of one semiconductor material wrapped in a protective shell of another , with a sharp boundary dividing the two .
The new nanocrystal , however , has a continuous gradient from a core of cadmium and selenium to a shell of zinc and selenium .
That gradient squelches the processes that prevent photons from radiating , and the result is a stream of emitted photons as steady as the stream of absorbed photons .
With blink - free nanocrystals , Krauss believes lasers and lighting could be incredibly cheap and easy to fabricate .
Currently , different color laser light is created using different materials and processes , but with the new nanocrystals a single fabrication process can create any color laser .
To alter the light color , an engineer needs only to alter the size of the nanocrystal , which Krauss says is a relatively simple task .
The same is true of what could one day be OLED 's successor , says Krauss .
Essentially , " painting " a grid of differently sized nanocrystals onto a flat surface could create computer displays as thin as paper , or a wall that lights a room in any desired color .
Source : University of Rochester
This is a rendition of the new non-blinking nanocrystal .
( Photo Credit : Todd Krauss , University of Rochester )
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - A Russian karate expert has been charged with beating to death a 61 - year - old woman and her son , whom he accused of infecting his wife with lice , an investigator said Friday .
The drunk 26 - year - old burst into a neighboring room in his hostel Tuesday and used karate moves to kill the pair , state investigator Eduard Abdullin said by telephone from Kazan , a city 700 km ( 430 miles ) east of Moscow .
“ He literally beat them to death with his hands and feet , ” Abdullin said .
“ The family were poor and drank a lot .
He blamed them for infecting his wife and the entire corridor with lice . ”
The 58 - year - old husband of the dead woman was also badly beaten , but survived .
The suspect , who studied karate for seven years , faces life in prison if convicted , Abdullin added .
h/t FairWinds at Daily KOS .
From their diary :
On April 6 , 2009 , the University of Colorado hosted the 61st Annual Conference on World Affairs , which included a panel presentation entitled Rebranding Republicans : Do n't Misunderestimate Us , recorded by and broadcast on C - SPAN .
Among the panelists was Robert G. Kaufman , author of In Defense of the Bush Doctrine : Moral Democratic Realism and American Grand Strategy , published in 2007 .
In a ten - minute presentation , Mr. Kaufman posited five " core principles " that Republicans must embrace if they are to succeed " when Obama fails . "
There is much to find disturbing in Mr. Kaufman 's presentation , such as his assumption that Obama will fail and his assertion that " multiculturalism is a euphemism for the Balkanization of the United States " .
However , his " recommendation " that the GOP " acquire another television network " to disseminate its message in future elections is both an audacious proposal and a stunning admission .
Kaufman stated :
The fifth thing that Republicans have to do is understand the problem of communicating in a world where much of the television media , particularly , is hostile ...
If I had to recommend one single thing that the Republicans should be doing to help articulate the message , it is to acquire another television network so that there is not just FOX , but multiple sources of alternative information that will do a much better job than we did in 2008 to keep things honest .
Kaufman is not a spokesperson for the GOP but this slip is one that probably deserves some notice as the diarist writes .
Heaven forbid that any of them they do n't have enough control over our airways as it is already .
Right now there are about six media companies that control almost everything we watch on television , at the movies and listen to on the radio .
How could the GOP survive without one more Fox News channel to promote their agenda ?
It just boggles the mind .
My take on this is that it was unusual to have anyone actually admit that the GOP controls
Fox , much less say they need another one .
Maybe someone can look up Mr. Kaufman to see if he wants to stand by his statement and ask him who told him that the GOP has " acquired " Fox .
Tuesday , May 26 12:00 AM EDT Signs You 've Had Too Much Coffee
11 . Scientists are using your bloodstream to collide particles until the LHC is fixed .
10 . Andy Dick tells you to calm down .
9 . You have n't blinked in 4 hours .
8 . Drug dealers hide their drugs inside you to throw off the dogs .
7 . You have sudden urge to ride a donkey in the mountains of Colombia .
6 . Your urine is black and tarry .
5 . Those 16 - hour shifts feel like 8 - hour ones .
4 . People rub up against you to stay awake .
3 . Bugs die after biting you .
2 . You 've tweeted 200 times in the last minute , and used all 140 characters each time .
1 . The vampires are bouncing off the walls .
This one goes to 11 .
Previous Story :
Apple Releases Look At Me App to Counter Palm Pre Hype Next Story :
BBspot Podcast - Episode 102
Three years have passed since the collapse of the Tower of Pisa , but only now can I accept the crucial role that I played in the destruction of this unique landmark .
Over twenty tourists died as the thousands of tons of marble lost their grasp on the air and collapsed to the ground .
Among them was my wife Elaine , who had climbed to the topmost tier and was looking down at me when the first visible crack appeared in the tower 's base .
Never were tragedy and triumph so intimately joined , as if Elaine 's pride in braving the worn and slippery stairs had been punished by the unseen forces that had sustained this unbalanced mass of masonry for so many centuries .
I realise now that another element - farce - was present on that day .
By chance a passing tourist on the steps of the cathedral had taken a photograph of the tower as the crack reached the third floor and a tell - tale section of cornice began its fall to earth .
The photograph , endlessly published throughout the world , clearly shows the four startled tourists on the uppermost deck .
Three of them are leaning back on their heels , hands raised to grip the sky , aware that the ancient campanile has moved under their feet .
Elaine , alone , has already seized the rail , and is staring at the grass waiting for her nearly two hundred feet below .
Using a magnifying glass , one can see that , true to her quirky and mocking character , she shows almost no alarm .
Her eyes have noticed the falling cornice , and I like to think that she is already planning to sue the municipality of Pisa for neglecting the safety of its tourists , and is collecting evidence that in due course she will present to her lawyers .
The dozen or so tourists visible on the lower floors are still making their way around its canted decks , groping past the narrow columns as they climb the 300 steps to the roof .
A father and his young daughter wave to the tourists below them , two Italian sailors in uniform play the fool for their girl - friends , feigning an attack of giddiness , and an elderly couple pause to rest after climbing to the first floor , determined to complete the ascent .
None of them sees the falling cornice and the fine cascade of powdered mortar .
The only figure on the ground who is aware of the imminent catastrophe is a man in a white jacket and panama hat who stands at the foot of the tower , both hands raised to the marble flank .
His face is hidden , but his arms are braced against the shifting stone , his back arched above his straining legs .
We can see that in his desperate way he is trying to hold upright the collapsing tower that is about to obliterate him .
Or so everyone assumes .
The newspaper caption writers , the commentators on TV documentaries , all commend the bravery of this solitary figure .
Surprisingly , he has never been identified , and neither his hat nor his white jacket were found in the mountain of rubble that was later removed , stone by stone , from the unhappy site .
But was he trying to support the tower or , rather , helping it on its way ?
I , of course , can answer the question , since I am the man in the panama hat , the husband at whom Elaine , in the last moments of her life , so triumphantly stares .
* * *
Needless to say , I fled to safety , running through the dust and the shrieking tourists as the ground trembled and a cataract of masonry fell from the air .
A vast cloud of pulverised marble enveloped the square , and I remember stumbling past the horror - stricken waiters and taxi- drivers who gazed at this field of devastation - not only had the tower vanished , but it had taken their livelihoods with it .
Had they known that I was responsible they would have lynched me on the spot , and to this day I have kept silent , still gripped by my guilt over so many deaths , all but one of them entirely innocent .
* * *
In a sense the destruction of the tower was inscribed days beforehand in our unhappy tour of Tuscany .
Our marriage , problematic from the start , had grown increasingly fraught during the previous year .
Elaine had married me on the rebound , to spite an unfaithful lover , but soon decided that her husband , a classics lecturer at a minor university , was minor in all other respects .
I was losing my students in a ferment of curriculum changes that would eventually lead to the descheduling of Latin and Greek and their replacement by cultural and media studies .
My refusal to sue the university , Elaine decided , was a sign of my innate weakness , a frailty that soon extended to the marriage bed .
Claiming that our union was unconsummated , she consulted a solicitor with a view to divorcing me , but was persuaded to make a last effort to save the relationship .
Our marriage became a series of negotiated truces , in which I would yield more and more territory .
Still hoping to salvage something , and return to the few weeks of happiness we had known after the wedding , I suggested a holiday in Italy .
I had arranged to give three lectures at the University of Florence , which would pay for our air fares , and then we would be free to enjoy ourselves in the Tuscan countryside .
Elaine agreed , but only grudgingly - her first husband had been a modernist architect , and she always claimed to dislike the past , the territory I had made my own , and pretended to prefer California and Texas .
But soon after we landed at Pisa airport and took the train to Florence her interest in the Italian Renaissance revived in a way that I found almost mysterious .
Once I had given my lectures she threw us into a hectic round of tourist activities .
Tirelessly she insisted on visiting every church and baptistry , every museum and cathedral .
I was puzzled by this passion for the past until I realised that our visits to these historic sites had exposed yet another of my weaknesses .
As we took the creaking lift to the dome of Florence cathedral Elaine discovered that I was afraid of heights , a fear that I had never noticed in myself but which she immediately set out to maximise .
Unsettled by the looming space below the dome , I could barely force myself from the lift .
My eyes seemed unwilling to focus on the curving walls , and I felt my heart - beat fall away , leaving me on the edge of a fainting fit .
Gesticulating to Elaine , I refused to follow her around the narrow gallery .
Scarcely able to breathe , I waited as she proudly circled the dome , calling to me in an insistent voice that embarrassed me in front of the other tourists .
Yet as we left the cathedral she became strangely solicitous , holding my arm in a concerned and reassuring way .
Far from deriding me , she seemed genuinely alarmed by my moment of panic .
Despite this show of affection , I soon noticed that our tour of Tuscany had become a series of vertical ascents .
No battlement existed that we did not scale , no worn steps that we did not climb .
At the Palazzo Vecchio , under the pretext of showing me the spectacular view over the city , she forced me to lean through the very windows from which Lorenzo de Medici had suspended the strangled plotters against his rule .
I saw Siena cathedral from the roof down , almost breathing my last in the confined bell - tower .
And all the while Elaine would watch me with her affectionate and lingering smile , like an older sister observing a timid sibling .
Was she trying to cure me of my fear of heights , or to rub in my sense of my own inadequacy ?
A climax of sorts came at San Gimignano , that surrealist township of towers constructed during the 14th century by rival families within this independent city state .
As Elaine moved tirelessly from one tower to the next , I retreated to a café beside the cathedral with its macabre images of hell .
All afternoon she gazed at the towers , admiring these symbols of an erect masculinity of which her husband was incapable , then sat beaming at me as the tourist coach carried us to Florence .
Three days later , when we arrived in Pisa for our London flight , I had been routed by Elaine 's campaign .
We were both eager to return to England , I to the safety of my university office , she to her solicitor .
We had packed in silence , and reached Pisa airport with two hours to spare before our flight .
Inevitably we found ourselves taking a taxi into the city .
Reading from her guide - book , Elaine described the baptistry and cathedral in glowing terms , but I knew that our real destination was the nearby campanile , this marble phallus that seemed to excite her even more than the towers of San Gimignano .
I stepped from the taxi and stared up at the dizzying structure with its dangerously canted floors .
Without a word , Elaine strode away from me towards the tower .
She paid her entrance fee and began to climb the steps behind two uniformed sailors and a father with his daughter .
As she reached each tier she looked down at me with her affectionate but knowing smirk , her contempt rising with each successive storey .
I stood on the cathedral steps , still surprised by the steep inclination of the tower , some 17 feet from the vertical .
Despite myself , I wished that the structure , tilting each year by a few added millimetres , would decide on this exact moment for its long - predicted collapse .
Then , as Elaine reached the penultimate tier , I found myself needing to touch the tower , to feel the unforgiving marble against my skin .
I left the cathedral and walked across the worn grass where the tourists sat in the sun , waving to their friends high above them .
Ignoring the ticket office , I strolled around the stone well that surrounded the tower .
I placed my hand on the antique marble , its surface pitted with the graffiti of centuries , its veins as marmoreal as fossilised time .
The tower was both too erect and too old .
I pressed against the massive flank , urging it on its way .
Eight storeys above me , Elaine had reached the roof and stood beside the panting sailors .
Scarcely out of breath , she seized the iron rail and smiled down at me in her most implacable way , slowly shaking her head at my weakness .
Angered by her open contempt , I pushed again at the solid marble .
The wall refused to yield , but when I lifted my hand I noticed that a small crack had appeared in the surface , running away from a discoloured node of crushed limestone .
Curious , I pressed again , only to see that the crack had widened .
It inched upwards at a barely visible pace , then darted forward , climbing the wall like a sudden fissure in a sheet of ice .
Three feet long , it crossed a decorative moulding and rose swiftly towards the cornice of the first tier .
Laughing at this , I pressed both hands at the marble drum .
Immediately the crack accelerated , and I heard a distant rumble , the dark groan of an awakening creature deep within the tower .
The crack was now an open fissure through which I could see the shoes of the startled old man resting before he and his wife made their way to the second storey .
A fine rain of dust and crumbling mortar showered my face .
The entire tower was trembling against my hands , and a section of cornice fell through the air , followed by a scatter of fragments each larger than my fist .
The Tower of Pisa was about to fall .
I gave it one last push , both arms outstretched , and felt the tortured rumbling as somewhere the spine of this great edifice began to crack .
I stepped back , aware that the building was about to collapse on to me , and then looked up at the roof , where Elaine was clinging to the iron rail .
The tower buckled , its columns spilling like skittled pins at a bowling alley .
In the last moments , as Elaine was pitched over the rail , I saw her face falling towards me , and an expression of anger that unmistakably changed , as she noticed me far below her , to one of triumph .
* * *
A second Tower of Pisa is now rising on the site of the first , financed by the world - wide appeal launched soon after the tragedy .
The structure , this time mounted on an immovable concrete base , has reached the third storey and already reveals the modest inclination designed into it .
This tower , supported by a rigid steel armature , will never fall , and within a few decades most visitors will have forgotten that it is no more than a replica .
For me , though , the original tower remains as real as ever in my mind .
I often wake from terrifying dreams as the tons of marble hurtle towards me .
Then I remind myself that it was Elaine who died on that day .
I remember the expression on her face , the fierce pride that lit her eyes .
Did she feel that she had at last triumphed over me , and was happy to see me crushed by the cascade of tumbling columns ?
I remember the stones pelting my shoulders while I tried vainly to step back from the tower .
At the last moment , as an amateur video - film reveals , the structure seemed to buckle , twisting itself in a desperate attempt to remain upright .
It slewed away from me , sweeping Elaine , the collapsing masonry and the cartwheeling columns towards the ground by the cathedral steps .
I escaped , but that expression of triumph on Elaine 's face still puzzles me .
Had she seen me pushing against the tower and assumed that I was responsible for its collapse ?
Was she proud of me for hating her so fiercely , and for at last stirring from my impotence to take my revenge ?
Perhaps only in her death did we truly come together , and the Tower of Pisa served a purpose for which it had waited for so many centuries .
Copyright © JG Ballard .
All rights reserved
• The standfirst on this story was amended on Thursday 30 April 2009 .
The previous version said that The Dying Fall was JG Ballard 's last short story .
Rather , it had never appeared in any Ballard collection and was not widely known .
It was published in April 1996 in a UK science fiction journal , Interzone .
This has been corrected .
.
The chief of Grecian gods , adored by the Romans as Jupiter and by the modern Americans as God Gold , Mob and Dog .
Some explorers who have touched upon the shores of America , and one who professes to have penetrated a considerable distance to the interior , have thought that these four names stand for as many distinct deities , but in his monumental work on Surviving Faiths , Frumpp insists that the natives are monotheists , each having no other god than himself , whom he worships under many sacred names .
visualizing classifier performance in R , with only 3 commands
ROCR was originally developed at the Max Planck Institute for Informatics
ROC curves , precision / recall plots , lift charts , cost curves , custom curves by freely selecting one performance measure for the x axis and one for the y axis , handling of data from cross-validation or bootstrapping , curve averaging ( vertically , horizontally , or by threshold ) , standard error bars , box plots , curves that are color - coded by cutoff , printing threshold values on the curve , tight integration with Rs plotting facilities ( making it easy to adjust plots or to combine multiple plots ) , fully customizable , easy to use ( only 3 commands ) .
Accuracy , error rate , true positive rate , false positive rate , true negative rate , false negative rate , sensitivity , specificity , recall , positive predictive value , negative predictive value , precision , fallout , miss , phi correlation coefficient , Matthews correlation coefficient , mutual information , chi square statistic , odds ratio , lift value , precision / recall F measure , ROC convex hull , area under the ROC curve , precision / recall break - even point , calibration error , mean cross-entropy , root mean squared error , SAR measure , expected cost , explicit cost .
ROCR ( with obvious pronounciation ) is an R package for evaluating and visualizing classifier performance .
It is …
Installation of ROCR
The most straightforward way to install and use ROCR is to install it from CRAN by starting R and using the install .
packages function :
Alternatively you can install it from command line using the tar ball like this :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement California 's Supreme Court has upheld a ban on same - sex marriage - the latest twist in a long - running saga .
The judges rejected a challenge from gay - rights activists to overturn the result of a 2008 referendum which restricted marriage to heterosexuals .
Prior to the vote , same - sex marriages were legal for six months , during which 18,000 couples were married .
The judges said their ruling was not retroactive - meaning those couples will remain legally married .
Changes ' too easy '
Tuesday 's legal showdown was sparked by a 4 November vote in which Californians backed Proposition 8 - the proposal to restrict marriage to heterosexual couples - by 52.3 % to 47.7 % .
The campaign over November 's vote cost more than $ 80 m ( £ 51 m ) - the most expensive ballot measure on a social issue in US history .
Activists challenged the result of the referendum , saying the measure violated the civil rights of gay couples .
PROPOSITION 8
Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognised in California
Gay marriage activists fight on Read your comments
They argued that the ballot measure revised the state constitution 's equal - protection clause so dramatically that it should have had legislature approval before being put to voters .
But the seven - strong panel of judges rejected the appeal by a six - to - one majority .
In their ruling , the judges said the campaigners were arguing that it was " just too easy " to amend the state constitution through the ballot process .
" It is not a proper function of this court to curtail that process ; we are constitutionally bound to uphold it , " the ruling said .
' Victory for democracy '
Gay - rights activists stood outside the San Francisco court shouting " shame on you " after the decision was made public .
CALIFORNIA GAY MARRIAGE 2004 San Francisco begins issuing marriage licences to same - sex couples - a move annulled by Supreme Court months later May 2008 Supreme Court votes 4 - 3 to legalise same - sex marriage ; introduced in June November 2008 Voters approve Proposition 8 limiting marriage to heterosexual couples March 2009 Civil - rights lawyers argue before Supreme Court that referendum is anti-constitutional May 2009 Supreme Court rules Proposition 8 is constitutional Some promised to continue their campaign .
" It 's not about whether we get to stay married .
Our fight is far from over , " said 62 - year - old Jeannie Rizzo , who was one of the lead plaintiffs .
" I have about 20 years left on this earth , and I 'm going to continue to fight for equality every day , " she told the Associated Press .
But the court 's decision was hailed as a " victory for democracy " by Brad Dacus of the Pacific Justice Institute , a conservative group that supported Proposition 8 .
" [ The ruling is ] a victory for the civil rights of clergy , county clerks and Californians across the political spectrum who did not want to be forced by the government to approve of same - sex marriage , " he said .
National ' tug of war '
Before giving their ruling , some judges indicated they would be extremely reluctant to overrule the will of the people as expressed in the vote .
Supporters of Proposition 8 were also out in force
The court should not " willy - nilly disregard the will of the people to change the state constitution as they have in the past " , said Judge Joyce Kennard , according to AFP .
Same - sex marriage is currently legal in five states - Massachusetts , the first state to legalise it in 2004 , Connecticut , Maine , Vermont and Iowa - but is subject to the continuing national tug of war over the issue .
Analysts say opponents of gay marriage might now set their sights on seeing the law overturned in Iowa .
Like several other states , California allows same - sex couples to enter " domestic partnerships " , which afford many of the same rights as marriage .
But activists say such partnerships are not equivalent to marriage .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Apple plans to refurbish 100 of its retail stores this year , just as Microsoft prepares its first tentative moves into the bricks - and - mortar sector .
Ron Johnson , Apple 's senior vice president of retail , is reported to have said the Cupertino computer consumer - electronics trend - setter will buff up its retail spaces by adding room for more products , increasing space for One to One customer - training offerings , and expanding its Genius Bar help desks by 50 per cent .
Yes , the economy may still be in the midst of the global meltdown , but that does n't bother Johnson .
" We know that a lot of people are cutting back , but we 're doing the opposite , " he told USA Today .
" We 're investing in the downturn . "
And Apple 's retail - store investments have certainly paid off - although when the first stores opened in May 2001 , more than a few analysts said they were doomed to failure .
Perhaps most famously , the president of research firm Channel Marketing , David Goldstein , told BusinessWeek at the time that : " I give them two years before they 're turning out the lights on a very painful and expensive mistake . "
Sorry , Dave .
It 's now been eight years , and Apple has 255 retail stores - 209 in 41 US states , 20 in the UK , nine in Canada , seven in Japan , five in Australia , two in Switzerland , and one each in China , Germany , and Italy .
And there are more to come .
According to Johnson , Apple has 25 new stores in the works , including a fourth New York City retail extravaganza , the long - awaited first Paris location , and new stores in Italy and Germany .
Microsoft has been watching Apple 's success , and - understandably - wants some of that revenue - generating retail action .
However , while Apple is preparing Retail 3.0 ( version 2.0 , the Apple " mini store , " launched in 2004 ) , Microsoft has n't even released a beta .
As we reported in February of this year , Microsoft has hired Wal - Mart veteran David Porter to head up a retail push .
Presumably he's now hard at work figuring our exactly where and when to open Redmond 's first real - world retail spots .
Porter has his job cut out for him .
Apple has succeeded in large part because it managed to transfer the sleek , hip look - and - feel of its products into an equally sleek and hip series of retail " experiences . "
Arguably , Microsoft does n't have the cachet needed to match Apple 's formidable fleet of product - moving , culture - instilling , training - and - support - delivering , 255 - and - counting destination - class sites .
It also remains to be seen whether Porter 's 25 years at Wal - Mart will enable him to create a series of Microsoft retail destinations more enticing than those of his big - box former employer - or whether Redmond 's retail efforts will be more akin to those of Gateway , which abandoned its sadly underperforming stores in 2004 .
One thing is clear , though .
Even as Microsoft prepares its first forays into the brick - and - mortar world , Apple is n't standing pat .
With well over a third of its exisiting stores planned for revenue - enhancing facelifts , Cupertino is set to widen its real - world computer - shopping lead . ®
Begin
I stood at the docks , leaning against the bike , just staring at the ferries coming in .
I had no experience with a motorbike , I ’d only just passed my test , but I was determined to make it work .
After months of research , planning and preparation , standing in Dover harbour just did n’t seem real .
Bound for Australia , you ’d think it an odd starting point , and it was .
It was just the beginning .
The beginning of an adventure .
Description :
This little guy loves his tummy scratches
Tagged for : Animal
1 . Now it came to pass in my thirty - fifth year , on the fifth day of the fourth month , that the heavens were opened , and the Lord God spoke to me .
He spoke to me as I was leaving the office of my primary care physician , whom I had seen about a rash on my loins that was a sore affliction .
The physician , if you must know , had given me an unguent , and assured me that sometimes a rash is just a rash ; and I was comforted , for I had thought that it was the creeping things .
2 . And the Lord God spoke to me on the Avenue of Madison , and His voice was like quiet thunder .
The Lord said , “ Get thee to Rome and anoint the Messiah son of Yossef . ”
And I said , “ Lord , who is this Yossef , and what do I know from anointing ?
I work in marketing . ”
But the Lord insisted , “ Get thee to Rome and anoint the Messiah son of Yossef . ”
3 . And the Lord sent an angel , who was black and sleek ; and the angel had a live coal in his hand , which he laid upon my mouth ; and it burned so that I forgot all about my loins .
4 . And the Lord said , “ Gershon , you will rectify Israel and prepare their hearts for the Messiah .
You will prophesy to the Jews so that they return unto Me. Come to think of it , you will cause all My children to return unto Me , whether they be of the Jewish faith , or a follower of Jesus or Mohammed .
For I command them unto Me , and to pursue justice , righteousness , and lovingkindness .
And those who ignore
My command shall be smitten , and their flesh shall be consumed , for the time of refinement is at hand . ”
5 . And I asked the Lord , “ How many shall be consumed ? ” The Lord replied , “ Two thirds . ”
And I trembled upon hearing this , for unlike plumbers , God does not purposely lower his estimations .
6 . And I asked the Lord , “ What of the followers of Buddha or Krishna ? ” The Lord replied , “ They shall be consumed , for the burning of incense in front of a statue is an abomination , as is the worship of idols .
But if they destroy their idols , and they worship Me , they shall not be consumed . ”
I asked the Lord , “ What of the atheists ? ”
He replied , “ They must worship Me or be consumed . ” I asked the Lord , “ What of the Wiccans ? ” The Lord replied , “ They shall be consumed , for their outfits are an abomination .
Now get thee to Rome . ”
7 . And I went to Rome , which cost me many thousands in frequent flier miles .
And I wandered among the people , wondering how I should find this Mashiach ben Yossef , for his name was not in the phone book .
I wandered for a day and a night , stopping only to refresh myself with pasta and a bottle or two of Chianti .
8 . And on the second day I met a hairy man , who was the prophet Eliyahu .
With him was a bald man , who was the prophet Elisha .
And they took me to their dwelling , which was in a dreary quarter , and it smelled like goat ’s milk .
And they repeated unto me that I , Gershon son of Harvey , had been chosen by the Lord to be a prophet ; that I was to rectify Israel and prepare their hearts for the Messiah ; and also that I was to bring the Gentiles to justice , righteousness , and lovingkindness .
9 . And I said , “ Why me ?
For I am an ignorant Jew , and I have n’t been to synagogue since my bar mitzvah . ”
Eliyahu replied , “ That ’s your problem , ” and he darkened his countenance .
I said , “ What ’s eating you ? ” Elisha said , “ My master is upset , for it was prophesied that he should be the harbinger of the Messiah , but now it is you .
And he was so much looking forward to it that he got his mantle dry-cleaned . ”
10 . I said , “ He can have the job , for I wish only to return to the marketing of magazines , and to the chasing of women . ”
Then Eliyahu and Elisha threw up their hands , crying , “ No , no , we can not go against the will of the Lord . ”
11 . And I said , “ Then where is this Messiah ben Yossef , for I wish to anoint him , and then return to the Hilton . ”
Eliyahu replied , “ You have not listened to the Lord carefully , for He meant Rome , New York . ”
And Elisha looked mirthful and called me a schmuck .
And I was angered , for nobody likes to be a schmuck , and I could have used those miles for Barbados .
12 . Whereupon I stood ; but before I could take my leave , Eliyahu offered me his mantle .
He seemed most reluctant to part with it , so I told him to keep it , and that we should consider that the mantle had been passed metaphorically .
13 .
And I went to Rome , New York , where on the corners there were immigrants seeking labor , and shuttered shops , and in the business district one almost expected to see tumbleweeds .
And this saddened me , for it was this way in many towns and cities , which was why I had been having difficulties in the marketing of magazines .
But I knew that this was the will of the Lord , for I had begun to read Mashiach for Dummies , which said that just before the Messiah came , there would be no plenty .
14 . And I saw a man who had a shop for the repairing of cars .
His countenance was middle - aged , he had an Israeli accent , and he called himself Ephraim .
I said , “ Ephraim , are you the Messiah ben Yossef ? ”
He replied , “ I may be , for my father ’s name was Joseph , and I have dreamed that you would come to me . ”
15 . Whereupon Ephraim took me to lunch , and he explained many prophecies : that more suffering was to come , and then a final battle between Israel and her enemies , which was called the War of Gog and Magog .
And I said , “ Yes , I know that , for I have spoken to the Lord and also I have been reading . ”
Ephraim said , “ Well , Mr. Smartypants , do you know that there may not be one , but two Messiahs ? ”
And he laughed at my astonishment .
16 . Ephraim said , “ The first Messiah will be from the line of Joseph , and he will lead the children of Israel against Gog and Magog .
The second Messiah , blessed be he , will be from the line of David , and he will be a teacher of righteousness . ”
17 .
As I considered these words , Ephraim said , “ Are you going to finish that ? ”
And he took the rest of my grilled cheese .
I let him , for my bewilderment had taken my appetite .
And I wondered why neither the Lord , nor His angel , nor His prophets , had told me of these two Messiahs .
Nor did I recall hearing any of this in Hebrew school ; and as the prophet Bob Marley had said , my mind was confused with confusion .
18 . And Ephraim helped himself to my French fries , saying , “ Hearken unto me .
The sages predict that the Messiah son of David shall appear and summon all the Jews back to Israel .
He will rebuild the Holy Temple , and he will bring peace , prosperity , and piety to all nations .
So far so good ? ”
And I nodded to indicate that I understood .
Ephraim said , “ The Messiah son of David will be a man of peace .
For if his hands are stained with blood , he will be unfit to rebuild the Temple .
Therefore , before he comes , Israel shall need the Messiah son of Yossef , who is a man of war . ”
19 .
And I said , “ But how can a man of war be called ‘ Messiah ? ' ”
Ephraim said , “ Because he too will be the Lord ’s anointed .
The word mashiach means ‘ anointed . ’
And I may be he , for I know how to lead men in battle , and the angel of the Lord has appeared to me in my dreams . ”
20 .
And I asked him what this angel looked like , and Joseph replied , “ Bald and very handsome , like that model fellow , what ’s his name , Tyler Beckford . ”
21 . And I took a squeeze container of salad oil and I anointed his forehead .
Ephraim said , “ Thank you . ”
And he glanced over my shoulder , and he said that he needed the bathroom .
22 . And a Trooper of the State was beside me , and he asked if I was Gershon son of Harvey .
I told him so , and he said , “ You will go to the house of the insane , for you have been running about from place to place and hearing voices , and your parents have been very worried about you . ”
I replied that I was a man of five and thirty , and that I could make my own decisions .
And the Trooper said , “ Not anymore . ”
23 .
And he drove me to the Island of Staten , which was in itself a kind of punishment , not to mention living among those who had been smitten with madness .
And the physicians said , “ Gershon , you have a schizoaffective disorder . ”
And they gave me medicines that made me fat and logy and quieted my dreams .
Then they made me sit in a circle with those who had been smitten with madness , and bade us talk of our feelings , and when the patients spoke it was like the gibbering of monkeys .
24 .
And my mother and father brought me victuals , like pastrami and knishes , so that I grew fatter .
But their visits were a comfort to me ; even when my father complained , which was every time he opened his mouth , it was sweet to my ears , for at least it was not the prattling of those who had been smitten with madness .
25 .
Then my parents did not visit me for some weeks , and I grew afraid , for my radio brought news of unrest in the world .
26 .
And I was afraid for myself , for I did not know if I was a prophet , or if I had been smitten with madness .
27 .
And in the sixth month of my incarceration , my brother came to rescue me .
Now , some years before , for incomprehensible reasons , my brother had become a Hasid ; and he brought other Hasids with him ; and their antics as they helped me escape was like the Keystone Kops with side curls .
And they brought me to New Hampshire , where my brother lived with his community .
There they had bought a sort of compound , with many cabins and a big house that they had made into a synagogue .
And they gave me a cabin , and some pills to wean me from the other pills that had made me fat and logy ; and although I was pleased to be out of the house of the insane , I still was not too sure about my own sanity .
28 .
But the food was adequate , and I had my own cabin , and a neighboring Gentile lent me books .
And my brother bade me to make myself useful , so I shoveled snow and I hauled wood , which brought back the strength of my arms .
29 .
And I asked my brother , “ Wherefore did you find the funds to purchase this land , and these cabins , and to lay in such a goodly portion of stores ? ”
And my brother wrung his hands , as he did when he was anxious .
And he said , “ We sold our houses . ”
And I said , “ But I doubt that you got enough from your houses , for Hasids never take care of their lawns . ”
Still my brother wrung his hands , and I repeated , “ Wherefore did you find the money ? ”
And Jacob said : “ We have sold your condo and your possessions , and we have cashed out your securities and your 401k . ”
And I sputtered until I found my tongue , and I said , “ Wherefore my Lexus ? ”
And he said , “ We have sold your Lexus . ”
And I swore at my brother , and I was tempted to smite him .
30 .
My brother said , “ You should be glad , for I timed the market well , selling all at a good price before the big crash .
Anyway , you need not worry about money , for when the Messiah comes , life will be easeful . ”
And I said , “ I too once believed that the Messiah was coming , and they locked me up for it . ”
And we parted bitterly .
31 .
And one afternoon as I hauled wood I met Leah , who had hair like spun fire and a pleasing shape .
She was a daughter of the Hasidim , but she had fled from them when she was one and twenty and there had been talk of marriage to the butcher .
And Leah had made a life for herself in the city of Boston as a designer of graphics .
But when the time of troubles began that city became dangerous , and food was scarce , and she went to her family in New Hampshire .
But she chafed under the rules and obligations .
32 . And together Leah and I fell into sin and licentiousness , which was a great comfort to me , and she did n’t have such a bad time either .
33 .
And still my mind was confused , for I sometimes I believed that I had been insane , and sometimes I believed that I might be a prophet .
34 .
And I was afraid for my parents , so I went to see my brother , who had an office behind the synagogue .
And he said , “ They are fine .
My people bring them medicines and food .
Now let me get back to work . ”
But I thought that we should fetch them , for in the cities it was a time of great unrest .
35 .
So I took some cans of fuel and some food and water and I brought them to Jacob ’s minivan under the cover of darkness , and Leah came with me .
36 .
And we journeyed from New Hampshire to Fort Lee , New Jersey .
There were many dangers , but the angel of the Lord spoke to me through the G.P.S. device .
And he gave me many directions in a soothing voice .
Thus we avoided arrest and marauders ; only once did we have to give some provisions to men with guns .
But Leah was clever , for she shared her cigarettes with the men , and she made them laugh , and we kept most of our provisions .
37 .
And when we entered my parents ’ apartment it was empty , and a sense of evil was in the place .
And I wished to search for my parents in the town , but Leah fell ill .
Therefore I washed her and gave her medicine , for my mother ’s bathroom was like an outpost of Duane Reade .
Then I put her to bed , thinking that she would be well upon the morrow .
38 . Whereupon the angel of the Lord appeared to me again .
He called himself Metatron , and he was nattily dressed , and he sat upon my mother ’s sofa .
And I said : “ I hope you have no burning coals with you this time . ”
And he said : “ We need do that only once . ”
He said , “ Gershon , the Lord is displeased with you , for you are forsaking your duty . ”
And I said , “ I know not if I am sane or insane . ”
39 .
And Metatron said : “ You are sane .
The Lord has chosen you to rectify Israel and prepare their hearts for the Messiah .
The Lord also wishes you to return the Gentiles to justice , righteousness , and lovingkindness . ”
And I said , “ But if the Jews are right , what does the Lord care for the Gentiles ? ”
And Metatron grew vexed , and he said , “ The Lord cares for all His children .
For the righteous Gentiles have a place in the World - to - Come . ”
And I was ashamed of my question , for some of my best friends were Gentiles .
40 .
And I said , “ What of this Ephraim ? ”
He said , “ Ephraim is to protect Israel against her enemies .
You are to protect them against themselves .
Gershon , hearken unto me , for the time of refinement is at hand .
In all the earth , two parts shall be cut off and die ; and the Lord will bring the third part through the fire ; and He shall refine them as silver is refined ; and He shall try them as gold is tried .
And you , Gershon , shall keep the Lord ’s commandments before them , so that there is no backsliding .
Then Gog of Magog shall set his face against Israel , and Ephraim shall gather her fighting men and fighting women against him .
And Israel shall be sorely tested , but she will prevail .
And when the land is cleansed of evil , you shall find Mashiach ben David and bring him to Jerusalem .
Then all of God ’s chosen will return to the Holy Land , and Mashiach shall rebuild the Temple .
And peace and justice will radiate from Israel , and all nations will live in righteousness . ”
41 . And I said , “ That ’s very nice , but why go to so much trouble if all is foreordained ? ”
And Metatron again grew vexed , and told me not to question the will of the Lord .
42 . And I said , “ How shall this refinement take place ? ”
He said , “ You have already been told of the plague . ”
43 .
And I said , “ What of my mother and father , who do not believe , but who have never harmed a soul , unless you count undertipping ? ”
He said , “ Fear not for your mother and father , who have come to trust in the Lord . ”
But Metatron would not tell me where I could find them .
Then he bade me to abjure sin , and to repudiate my own weaknesses , which were intoxication and fornication with women .
Whereupon Metatron took his leave , using the door like a normal person .
44 . And I trembled at my burden , and I wished the Lord had put His finger upon some other slob .
45 . And I went to look upon Leah , who was white with fever .
And instead of her sweet smell there was a stink , as if she had befouled herself .
But the stink came from a great sore upon her arm , and another upon her breast .
And I recalled that the angel had warned of a plague , and I was greatly afraid .
So I awoke Leah , and I begged her to call upon the Lord .
But Leah refused to call upon
Him , for she was an atheist , and she hardened her heart against my pleas .
And her sickness deepened , and her breathing was labored .
So I stretched myself upon the floor , and I cried out to the Lord .
But
He would not hearken to my prayers , for the choice had been with Leah .
Her flesh consumed away ; she shivered greatly ; and at daybreak she died .
46 . And I tore my garments and I wept .
47 .
And I enshrouded her , and I put her into the minivan , and I drove her to the burial place .
Many men were inside the gates , and they were dressed in white protective clothing , as if they were on CSI : New Jersey .
They were burning the dead on a great pyre , and the scent was abominable .
A man approached the minivan , and he took off his head covering .
And in a kindly voice , he said , “ The mayor has decreed that all shall be burned .
I will help you put it upon the fire . ”
And I grew vexed , and I said , “ What is the decree of the mayor next to the decree of the Lord ?
She is a Jew , and she shall be buried in the manner of her people . ”
48 . And I put Leah in the ground , and I covered up the hole , and I said the first three or four words of the Mourner ’s Kaddish for her , for that was all I could remember .
And my tears were bitter , for she had poured her affection upon me like ointment , and her voice had been like honey and milk .
Then I castigated myself , for she would have been a good wife to me .
For she had shown me many good qualities , and I had adored the roundings of her thighs .
But I had failed her twice : first , because I had not brought her to the wedding canopy ; and second , because I could not bring her to the Lord .
49 .
And the spirit of the Lord God was upon me , and I did not know if this were a blessing or a curse .
Still I knew that I must preach , for I must needs warn the atheists and idol - worshippers that the Lord ’s vengeance was at hand ; I must needs unblock their hearts .
For there were many millions like my Leah , who had harmed no person but displeased the Lord .
50 .
Whereupon I girded my loins , metaphorically speaking , and I started for the city of New York .
MIAMI -- Cleveland Browns wide receiver Donte ' Stallworth was charged Wednesday with killing a pedestrian last month while driving drunk after a night out at a swank South Beach nightspot .
An arrest warrant charging Stallworth , 28 , with DUI manslaughter was filed in the March 14 accident that killed 59 - year - old Mario Reyes .
If convicted , Stallworth would face up to 15 years in prison .
Stallworth 's blood - alcohol level after the crash was .126 , well above Florida 's legal limit of .08 , according to results of a blood test .
Stallworth will also be charged with DUI , which carries a possible six - month sentence plus fines and community service for first offenders .
" Whenever a deadly accident occurs and a driver is impaired , families suffer , " said Miami - Dade State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle in a statement .
" I can only repeat this message over and over :
If you are going to drink , do n't drive . "
Stallworth , who is expected to surrender in court Thursday , released a statement last month saying he was " grief - stricken " over the accident .
Prosecutors said they will ask that he be released on $ 200,000 bail .
The Browns said in a statement that they are " disappointed " that Stallworth has put himself in this position .
" We are saddened by the circumstances that have taken place and our thoughts and prayers go out to the family of Mario Reyes , " the statement said .
" We have been in communication with the commissioner , who is reviewing the situation under league policies , and we will withhold further comment at this time . "
NFL spokesman Greg Aiello said the league will review the case under its conduct and substance abuse policies .
" As the state attorney has said , this was a tragic accident that raises serious issues and we join all those who have expressed their sympathies to the Reyes family , " Aiello said .
Stallworth will be prohibited from driving while on bail and not allowed to drink alcohol , according to court documents .
He also must observe a midnight to 6 a.m. curfew and submit to random alcohol and drug testing through the NFL 's substance abuse program .
A Miami Beach police report said Reyes was not in a crosswalk on busy MacArthur Causeway when he was struck by the black 2005 Bentley luxury car driven by Stallworth .
The construction crane operator was trying to catch a bus home after finishing his shift around 7:15 a.m .
The report also quoted Stallworth as saying he flashed his lights at Reyes in an attempted warning and that Stallworth was driving about 50 mph in a 40 mph zone .
An additional police affidavit filed Wednesday said that on the morning of the crash , Stallworth was drinking at a club in the posh Fountainebleau hotel on South Beach .
He left to go to a nearby home -- it 's not clear if it was one of his three Miami - area properties -- and then headed out to the causeway where Reyes was struck .
" I hit the man lying in the road , " Stallworth told officers arriving to investigate the crash , according to the affidavit .
One officer smelled alcohol on Stallworth 's breath and said that his eyes appeared bloodshot and watery .
Stallworth 's attorney Christopher Lyons did not immediately return a telephone call seeking comment .
Stallworth signed a seven - year , $ 35 million contract with the Browns before last season but was injured much of the year .
He previously played for New England , Philadelphia and New Orleans .
There 's more .
In order to introduce the fuel to the cylinder ( and I 'm sticking with four strokes , because two - stroke technology is for lawnmowers ) some sort of valve is needed .
That ( usually ) has to go up and down as well , as does the other valve necessary to get rid of the burnt mixture .
These valves have to be driven by another shaft of some sort , so the quest to resolve the back and forth piston movement into something rotary is compromised by the need to turn some of it back into reciprocating motion in order to make the thing work in the first place .
And this is only the beginning .
The controversial French HADOPI anti-piracy law was passed by the National Assembly today , one step closer to being signed into action .
The new law introduces draconian measures to combat piracy including a " three strikes " regime for persistent offenders .
In an attempt to reduce piracy , the French have passed a new law requiring Internet service providers to cut off Internet access for repeat copyright infringers .
Under the new ‘ HADOPI ’ legislation ISPs have to warn their customers twice that they are accused of infringing copyright .
If both warnings are ignored , Internet access for that subscriber will be terminated for up to a year – and they ’ll have to keep paying their ISP bill throughout this period too .
The law goes much further than disconnecting alleged file - sharers though .
In addition it is now possible to take “ any action ” in order to put a halt to copyright infringement .
For example , websites can be blocked without having to provide hard evidence that they are engaging in illegal activities .
The Pirate Bay has already been mentioned as one of the sites that could be easily taken out under the new law .
This afternoon the National Assembly passed HADOPI with 296 votes in favor and 233 against .
The law was already supposed to have passed in early April , but at the time the Socialists block turned up unannounced , outnumbering the deputies from the UMP .
The law will now be voted on in the Senate tomorrow after which it will be final .
As with most technical issues , the people who had to decide on the law have no clue about file - sharing at all .
As we reported earlier , many of the politicians do n’t know what BitTorrent is , or how it works .
Yet they get to decide the fate of millions of Internet users .
HADOPI goes against the Telecoms Package of the European Parliament which aims to protect European citizens against such disproportionate legislation because it violates the rights and freedoms of Internet users .
A few days ago HADOPI already claimed its first victim , the head of web innovation at the largest TV network in France who criticized the law in a letter to his MP .
More victims are likely to follow in the months to come .
Update ( May 13 ) : The Senate passed the new law with 189 votes in favor and 14 against .
Hi Silver .
I just saw your posts and the responses for the first time today .
I want you to be aware of another approach that might work for your plot treatment , that would withstand scientific scrutiny for accuracy and plausibility , perhaps in some ways even better than a solar flare .
Instead , seriously consider the idea of using a GAMMA RAY BURST ( GRB ) , which is basically a blast of gamma rays washing over planet earth from a sudden unanticipated supernova explosion of a nearby star .
You could have the burst be very brief , i.e. essentially seriously damaging or eliminating life just on the side of the planet facing the the star .
Or , you could lengthen it to cover enough of the planet to cause a complete extinction .
If you look at a globe , the Pacific Ocean covers almost one half of the planet , so all human and terrestial life is facing one way , so serious damage could occur within 10 minutes , and you can customize the exent of life damage to your plot by adjusting the distance of the star , the length of the burst , and the position of earth in its rotation ( the time of day ) .
Also , a GRB from a nearby star would produce a spectacular visual effect .
GRB's have been considered as possible causes of past mass extinctions on planet earth .
The only reason why life was n't completely eliminated was that the GRB 's have so far been from stars in our galaxy that are too far away to kill everything .
Properly portrayed , you will introduce your audience to a very frightening scenario and give people anxiety and nightmares about something that they did n't even know existed .
Here are a few links for more information :- sysreset
It is thought that Ramanand , from the Dera Sach Khand sect – a low caste Sikh sect that is widespread in Punjab and made up largely of Untouchables or Dalits – was targeted by Jat Sikhs – a higher caste , landowning sect – who accused him of disrespecting the religion when he visited the gurdwara .
Gordon Brown today tried to draw the poison from the ongoing scandal over MPs ' expenses as a remarkable ICM poll of election voting intentions pushed Labour into third place for the first time in almost 25 years .
After 10 days of lying low , the prime minister finally attempted to establish a clear way forward , by proposing a code of conduct for MPs and insisting that he would not step aside , regardless of the scale of defeat for Labour in this week 's local and European elections .
Though Brown continued to insist that he would reject any cabinet attempt to persuade him to retire , one leading rebel said yesterday that the weekend 's polls confirmed his belief that either " Gordon goes or the Labour party does " .
The rebel said he had not come across a single voice in England and Wales supporting the prime minister , though Brown continued to enjoy the support of Scottish MPs .
Brown only has a short while to inject new purpose into his party , with many MPs using the days between now and Thursday 's polls to decide whether to fall in behind him or join a push to oust him .
However , asked on BBC1's Andrew Marr show today whether he would stand aside if cabinet members said it would help Labour 's chances at a general election , Brown replied : " No , because I am dealing with the issues at hand .
I am dealing with the economy every day . "
His challenge was made more difficult yesterday by opinion polls suggesting historically bad results in this week 's elections .
An ICM poll for the Sunday Telegraph of voting intentions in a general election put Labour on 22 points , 18 behind the Conservatives ( on 40 points ) , and three behind the Liberal Democrats on 25 – the first time since 1987 Labour has plunged so low in an ICM survey .
Brown hinted at an end to the current source of public outrage – the generous MP resettlement allowances – suggesting that the independent Kelly commission looking at MPs ' salaries and due to report in the autumn would end their so - called " golden goodbyes " .
He said : " I do n't think that when the Kelly committee reports , this thing will still be like it is . "
Saying recent claims had offended his " Presbyterian conscience " , he outlined a new system to " clean up " politics and all institutions that rely on public funds , including the NHS and the BBC .
The prime minister hopes the plans may be inserted into the constitutional renewal bill due in parliament this year .
It is thought likely to include a minimum service commitment to constituents , with those who break it facing a possible fine , being " named and shamed " , or even ejected from their seats .
Brown said of the reforms : " [ They ] ­cannot be gimmicks .
It 's got to be serious , it has got to be ordered , and it has got to be done in a calm way .
What I have seen offends my Presbyterian conscience .
What I have seen is something that is appalling .
I did not expect to see instance where there are clear cases which maybe have to be answered to for fraud . "
The last four years ' worth of receipts submitted by all MPs are being scrutinised by an independent committee of auditors .
Brown has also set up a Labour party " star chamber " hearing the cases of backbenchers David Chaytor and Ian Gibson .
Last week two colleagues , also in front of the panel , removed themselves from proceedings by announcing they would stand down at the next election .
At the weekend , the health secretary , Alan Johnson , repeatedly tipped as preparing to step into the prime minister 's shoes , warned Labour activists that their party would be the most badly affected by the expenses scandal when the election results come in on Friday .
The party faces the ignominy of losing all its county councils across England , with the Tories confident of taking control of Lancashire and Staffordshire while robbing Labour of overall control in the other two , Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire .
Backbenchers believe the prime minister 's aides plan to outfox any backbench coup , and they expect Brown to reshuffle his cabinet on Friday and thereby hinder the mounting of any challenge .
One said : " It will be difficult to get on side ministers who have within the last few hours agreed to take part in a new government . "
Meanwhile , the bullishness of Tory leader David Cameron , who has sought to articulate public outrage over MPs ' expenses , was pricked yesterday when a Sunday newspaper alleged he paid off a loan of £ 75,000 on his London home after buying another in Oxfordshire on which he could claim the second home allowance .
Though he defended an arrangement whereby all of his mortgage appeared to be on the property for which he could claim allowances , he said he would accept the finding of his party 's scrutiny panel .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The U.S. Senate on Thursday rejected an amendment that would have given bankruptcy judges the power to ease a homeowner ’s monthly payments and prevent foreclosure .
Supporters of what was known as the ‘ cramdown ’ provision argued that it would serve as a useful tool to help repair the housing market and keep millions of troubled borrowers in their homes .
Opponents of the plan have said its arbitrary rules would scare investors away from the housing market and prolong the current slump .
Twelve Democrats joined all Senate Republicans in voting against the measure , which failed on a vote of 45 to 51 .
That was well short of the 60 votes needed to get it past Senate procedural roadblocks .
“ There will come a time when this bankruptcy will pass , ” Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told reporters before the vote , vowing that the measure would be reconsidered in time .
While bankruptcy courts may rewrite the terms of most consumer debt , they may not ease the terms of many home mortgages .
LONG TALKS END QUIETLY
Senator Richard Durbin , an Illinois Democrat , has for weeks tried to reach a compromise with leading banks like Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo & Co , but those talks collapsed in recent days , said sources close to the discussions .
“ There ’s been resistance .
By whom ?
The banks .
The banks who brought us this crisis in America have resisted this change to do something about mortgage foreclosure , ” the Democratic whip said on the Senate floor as he introduced his bill .
Durbin and other Democratic leaders in the Senate said they would continue to push for mortgage “ cramdown , ” which President Barack Obama has said is an important part of his administration ’s effort to stem foreclosures .
Opposition to the plan was largely led by Republicans , who warned it would upset bankers ’ long - held expectations that they may reclaim property from delinquent homeowners .
“ If all else fails , the lender always has the right to take back the house for which he lent the money , ” Senator Jon Kyl said of the conventions that have long governed the mortgage lending industry .
“ If we eliminate this security for lenders ... then lenders will have to charge higher rates , ” the Arizona Republican said .
Trade groups representing all quarters of the financial services industry pressed lawmakers to reject the measure and their warnings about the harmful impact of “ cramdown ” seem to have swayed many Democrats .
Two more Democrats voted against the measure on Thursday than when the issue was first defeated in the Senate twelve months ago .
“ Twelve Democrats against -- that ’s big .
There ’s a lot of second - guessing about why this happened and how Durbin handled it , ” said Charles Gabriel , managing director at Washington - based consultant with Capital Alpha Partners , LLC .
Consumer advocates , though , said they were stunned that lenders continue to attack the “ cramdown ” measure while they accept government help to stabilize the financial system .
“ The banking industry , after receiving hundreds of billions of dollars in federal assistance , spent millions of dollars in its campaign against this measure , ” the Center for Responsible Lending said in a statement .
But in the House of Representatives , the lending industry suffered a blow on Thursday with passage of the Credit Cardholders ’
Bill of Rights that shields consumers from many fees and costs .
That bill passed on a vote of 357 to 70 with 107 Republicans voting in favor .
The changes to the bankruptcy rules were offered as an amendment to a broader bill that would increase the federal government ’s support for the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and trim the red tape for another foreclosure - prevention program .
These two measures have broad support in the Senate .
Lawmakers will continue debate next week .
Spoiler Warning
This essay contains spoilers for my novel Incandescence , and probably wo n’t make a lot of sense to anyone who has n’t read the book .
“ This room smells of mathematics !
Go out and fetch a disinfectant spray ! ” [ 1 ]
— A.H. Trelawney Ross ,
Alan Turing ’s form master
In the two decades or so during which I ’ve been a professionally published author , my work has received many generous and perceptive reviews , alongside a number with precisely the opposite qualities .
I ’m grateful for the first kind , and not greatly surprised by the second .
As with the wider population , the people who read , write , edit and review science fiction include a significant proportion with no knowledge of , or interest in , the universe they inhabit — and within that group , a smaller but still substantial number who treat any such interest with contempt .
Given that much of what I write is coming from the position that mathematics and the natural sciences are intrinsically interesting , and are as suitable as the central concerns of fiction as anything else , when the result is reviewed by someone who has about as much passion for these things as I have for opera or baseball , a clash of expectations is inevitable .
Of course , I find it easy to arrange my life to avoid opera and baseball , whereas professional science fiction reviewers might not always have the luxury of choice .
In rare cases , the result can be a gracious admission by the reviewer that they ’re in no position to say anything relevant about the work — much as I ’d have nothing to say , myself , if I ’d been mistakenly assigned to review Elke Neidhardt ’s Adelaide production of the Ring Cycle ( do n’t worry , I had no idea there ’d been any such thing until a spot of Googling a few seconds ago ) or to give a running commentary on this year ’s World Series championship .
More often , though , human nature being what it is , a reviewer in this situation will be obliged by their ego to start hallucinating genre - spanning competence , and will emit various kinds of bluster or venom as compensation for the unwelcome experience they ’ve been forced to endure .
This can be entertaining at times .
The various spiritual heirs of A.H. Trelawney Ross have convinced themselves that the particular set of half - digested factoids in their possession perfectly delineates the proper amount of science that can be known by a truly civilised person and discussed in polite company — where “ polite company ” might mean “ among Doctor Who fans down the pub ” or “ in the English Department common room ” or whatever particular social milieu the reviewer identifies with most strongly .
Anything else is beyond the pale , and the heirs of AHTR have developed a whole elaborate demonology to deal with work that oversteps these boundaries , and the people who want to foist too much science into the brains of pure and decent science fiction readers .
These days there ’s often ranting about “ nerds ” and “ geeks ” — terms that the world would be better off without , though I have to admit there ’s something gloriously awful , in a Love And Death on Long Island kind of way , when would - be sophisticates who spend half their time discussing Joyce or Sophocles switch to a vocabulary whose current usage was largely forged in the supremely inane universe of American high school cliques .
If hostility is only to be expected , a quality I find far more disillusioning in reviews is sheer carelessness .
About half the reviews of Incandescence made at least one of the following false assertions :
The Splinter orbits a neutron star .
Rakesh visits the Splinter .
The relationship between the novel ’s two threads is never revealed .
The reader learns nothing about the Aloof .
One reviewer even stated confidently that the Splinter was facing a cataclysmic collision with “ a rock ” .
Remind me not to go within a hundred million kilometres of anything this man calls “ a rock ” .
Many of these reviews were actually quite positive , and some that were n’t were clearly written in good faith , so these mistakes were not ( or not mostly ) a matter of deliberate misrepresentation .
Some reviewers might be under absurd time pressures , or face various distractions and obstacles that prevent them from giving a book the attention it requires .
But I believe the bottom line is this :
If someone starts a book , gets bored , skims it , and ends up knowing absolutely nothing about the denouement , then of course they ’re entitled to have a whine on their personal blog about how tedious the whole experience was .
But if someone aspires to be taken seriously as a reviewer , they either need to read the entire book , carefully , and give at least as much thought to what they ’ve read as a twelve - year - old would when sitting a reading comprehension test , or — if that prospect is far too unpleasant to bear — they should decline to review the book .
Of all the reviews of Incandescence rendered irrelevant by hostility or carelessness , one stands out from the rest .
In fact , I believe this particular review is probably the first genuine hatchet job I ’ve ever received .
There is no precise , generally accepted definition of the term hatchet job , so I ’m going to feel free to specify my own .
The distinguishing quality , I ’d contend , is not the intensity of the review ’s invective , but rather the degree to which the reviewer attempts to bolster their position by mounting culpably weak arguments against pretty much everything in the book .
No matter how much the reviewer loathes the book , if they possess the self - discipline ( and the logical and rhetorical skills ) to state the reasons for their verdict honestly and precisely , the result is not a hatchet job ; it ’s simply a negative review , and there are no circumstances when a reviewer is not entitled to write a negative review .
A hatchet job results only when the reviewer is so unsatisfied with the actual reasons for their loathing that they start scrabbling around desperately and finding fault with everything in sight , regardless of merit .
Of course , there might be books where everything from the typeface to the character ’s names really is worthy of derision , but a good rule of thumb remains : if the reviewer employs special pleading — appealing to tendentious “ rules ” or logically spurious arguments that not only lack general support , but that even the very same person would be unlikely to invoke in any other case — you have a hatchet job .
The remainder of this essay wo n’t make much sense unless you read the review in question by Adam Roberts , on the Strange Horizons web site .
First , Roberts tells us that the central flaw of Incandescence is that “ everything is explained all the time all the way through ” .
It ’s certainly true that nothing that is known to the protagonists is withheld from the reader , and Roberts — who makes it plain that he has no knowledge of or interest in science — finds a transparent , unobfuscated view over the shoulders of characters who are struggling to uncover the nature of their world enough to bore him out of his skull .
Roberts would prefer a long , convoluted narrative strip - tease , as in Lost ( which for all its virtues is not many people ’s model of judicious revelatory pacing ) ; he ’s entitled to his preferences , of course , but the irony is that the reader ends Incandescence knowing several crucial things that remain hidden from the protagonists .
No doubt Roberts would be uninterested in these revelations too , but from his comments it seems unlikely that he was ever aware of them .
So far , so ordinary ; an heir of A.H. Trelawney Ross collides with a book “ to which adheres the odour of fourth - form school physics labs ” , proclaims in scandalised tones that “ the novel ’s real interest is the process of enquiry itself ” ( emphasis in the original ) , and declares with pompous finality : Science is the enemy of mystery .
Fiction , however , requires a degree of negative capability immiscible with the scientific method .
In short , Roberts has as much of a good time as I ’d have at the Bayreuth Festival , and as little worth reporting about the experience .
The mystery is why he bought the ticket in the first place ; a previous encounter with Schild ’s Ladder should have warned off any but the most masochistic of science - haters .
What turns the review into a hatchet job , though , is that Roberts seeks to shore up his negative opinion of the book by finding as many other things to complain about as he can .
This is where a penchant for special pleading comes in handy .
The Amalgam , Roberts tells us , is a “ rather dental name ” .
But even this lame bitchiness is a distinctive form of contrivance ; it ’s a common strategy in populist anti-intellectualism to pretend that a term has only one , maximally mundane , meaning .
Do n’t hold your breath waiting for Roberts to apply the same rule to Christopher Priest ’s corpus .
I was waiting for him to show some consistency and declare that the Splinter was “ rather wooden ” ... but it turns out he ’s written an entire novel with that title ; obviously , grounds to suspend the rule .
Roberts makes a stab at trying to insist that the narrative of the Splinter should have been stripped of phrases like “ a whirlwind tour of history ” or “ armed with the map of weights ” when the Splinter has neither whirlwinds nor armies .
The endpoint of such a strategy would be to leave virtually nothing of the English language behind , since the vast majority of English etymology ultimately refers to objects that do not exist in the Splinter .
Roberts realises his suggestion is untenable and backs away , but then decides that the policy I ’ve actually adopted of translating alien thoughts and words into ordinary English should have turned four of the directions used by the Splinterites into “ north ” , “ south ” , “ west ” and “ east ” .
If Roberts had given a moment ’s serious thought to this framing issue — as opposed to just groping around for things to which he could object — he would have understood why the Splinterites ’ direction words could not be translated into the English compass points .
Zak has come to realise that the Splinter is moving in a circle around a distant point , the Hub .
Once this celestial geometry has been spelt out to us , we might usefully visualise the situation by imagining the Splinter ’s orbit as the equator of a vast sphere , to which we attach analogous directions to those we attach to the surface of the Earth .
But that ’s not how ordinary Splinterites think .
To the Splinterites before Zak , the concepts shomal , junub , rarb and sharq refer solely to the pattern of weights , because they know about nothing else ; if these terms had been presented to the reader instead as north , south , east and west , it would have strongly suggested either of two false things : that the Splinterites had some pre-existing concept of their world lying on an orbit - embracing sphere , or — even more confusingly to the reader — that the sphere spanned by these directions was the Splinter itself , and if you kept going east in the Splinter you would , as on the Earth , end up where you started .
On the Splinter , if you keep going rarb you hit the Incandescence .
A few reviewers complained that they had trouble keeping straight the physical meanings of the Splinterites ’ directions .
This leaves me wondering if they ’ve really never encountered a book before that benefits from being read with a pad of paper and a pen beside it , or whether they ’re just so hung up on the idea that only non-fiction should be accompanied by note - taking and diagram - scribbling that it never even occurred to them to do this .
I realise that some people do much of their reading with one hand on a strap in a crowded bus or train carriage , but books simply do n’t come with a guarantee that they can be properly enjoyed under such conditions .
Roberts goes on to tell us how ugly he finds the choice of direction words ; I do n’t expect someone with his limited cultural horizons to recognise the joke behind them , but the hundreds of millions of humans who would might raise an eyebrow at the claim of ugliness .
( I ’ve transliterated as “ rarb ” a word that is usually rendered “ gharb ” , but you can imagine how Roberts would have gagged on that .
And be prepared for some he - could n’t - possibly - have - meant - that moments if you Google “ junub ” ; a more common transliteration is “ janoub ” . )
Roberts picks some desperate nits about jelly babies and rice surviving into the far future .
If he ’d taken a stand and declared his unshakeable conviction that not one of our descendants would indulge in such arbitrary and meaningless pleasures as eating chilli and rice after the year X , I would n’t agree with him , but at least he would have stated a basis on which the events in the book were supposed to be so improbable and anachronistic .
As it is , he ’s just tossing peanuts , padding out the review with gripes in the hope that it will seem more substantial than it is .
But the pinnacle of desperation comes close to the end , when Roberts quotes some unexceptionable passages from the book describing Roi ’s mating with a few male Splinterites .
His problem is that most readers of the review would find nothing wrong with these scenes , so he goes on — surreally — to invent a parodic excerpt from Henry James ’s The Golden Bowl , in which human sex is described in comically clinical detail .
Yes , these are the heights to which possessing a PhD in English will elevate your critical powers : if passage A does n’t actually ring false just invent something that does , and pretend that the two are equivalent .
Any high school student or undergraduate who tried this in an essay would be failed .
Roi ’s species does not attach the same emotional and cultural values to mating as humans do .
As Roberts understands perfectly well , most of what makes his invented passage so ridiculous actually turns on those values .
Without the misdirection of his faux - James , the suggestion that Roi would n’t ponder the mechanics of the mating process loses all force ; once she emerges from the buzz of cooperation , she is alert , inquisitive and reflective about everything around her , and there is nothing to compel her to treat this any differently .
That it is the raw world around her that passes constantly through Roi ’s mind is what Roberts really can’t bear ; to him , such an engagement with reality is unspeakably vulgar and trivial .
It ’s his right to feel that way , and to share his feelings with anyone who ’s interested , but it ’s a shame he ca n’t summon up the courage of his convictions and present this response without the adornment of contrived arguments , special pleading , and rhetorical strategies as laughably dishonest and incompetent as those on display here .
Flu Kills The Torture Memos By Lori Price , www.legitgov.org
26 April 2009
In a ' Holy convenience , Batman ! ' moment , a ' unique ' flu virus ( one likely concocted in US Army labs ) overtakes media coverage of revelations that the highest levels of the US government instructed the CIA ( and private contractors ) to torture terror suspects .
Scientists said the virus combines genetic material from pigs , birds and humans in a way researchers have not seen before .
“ We are very , very concerned , ” World Health Organization spokesman Thomas Abraham said .
“ We have what appears to be a novel virus and it has spread from human to human , ” he said .
“ It ’s all hands on deck at the moment . ”
Guess where the first swine flu outbreak occurred ?
That 's right , Fort Dix , New Jersey , in 1976 .
Also likely created in a US Army lab .
Thirteen soldiers died , leading the US government to force a questionable vaccine on the population -- backed by a legal liability escape clause mandated by and for the pharma - terrorists .
Next , people started dying not from the flu -- but from the * vaccine . *
Every major media outlet has reported the fact that US / UK bioterrorists have been manipulating the avian flu virus in university and Army labs .
This new flu strain , one that ' no one has ever seen , ' contains avian flu .
Now , how does * that * happen ?
CLG has been covering flu ' oddities ' for eight years .
See : Flu ' Oddities ' and Flu ' Oddities ' News Archives .
*****
U.S. denies producing biological weapons from bird flu samples -- Media : U.S. denies Indonesia 's allegation on bird flu virus 17 Mar 2008 The United States has flatly denied allegations it was producing biological weapons from bird flu samples sent by Indonesia to the World Health Organization , the English daily The Jakarta Post reported Monday .
Michael H. Anderson , counselor for Public Affairs at the U.S. Embassy in Indonesia , [ has issued the denial ] .
However , Indonesian senior biodefense researcher Isro Samihardjo said the U.S. could use bird flu virus samples from Indonesia to develop weapons at the Los Alamos Laboratory .
Isro was speaking at a meeting about Health Minister Siti Fadilah Supari 's newly released book here Saturday .
In her book " It 's Time for the World to Change , Divine Hands behind Bird Flu , " Siti writes of her suspicions about a conspiracy between the U.S. and the WHO .
Experts identify genes for bird flu replication 09 Jul 2008 Scientists have identified around 100 genes that the H5N1 bird flu virus needs in a host in order to replicate , and this finding may help in the hunt for ways to block foment its proliferation .
Army : 3 vials of virus samples missing from Maryland facility 22 Apr 2009 Missing vials of a potentially dangerous virus have prompted an Army investigation into the disappearance from a lab in Maryland .
The Army 's Criminal Investigation Command agents have been visiting Fort Detrick in Frederick , Maryland , to investigate the disappearance of the vials .
The vials contained samples of Venezuelan Equine Encephalitis ...
In 97 percent of cases , humans with the virus suffer flu - like symptoms , but it can be deadly in about 1 out of 100 cases , according to Caree Vander Linden , a spokeswoman for the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases .
Scientists isolate genes that made 1918 flu lethal 29 Dec 2008
By mixing and matching a contemporary flu virus with the " Spanish flu " -- a virus that killed between 20 and 50 million people 90 years ago in history 's most devastating outbreak of infectious disease -- researchers have identified a set of three genes that helped underpin the extraordinary virulence of the 1918 virus .
Writing today ( Dec. 29 ) in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , a team led by University of Wisconsin - Madison virologists Yoshihiro Kawaoka and Tokiko Watanabe identifies genes that gave the 1918 virus the capacity to reproduce in lung tissue , a hallmark of the pathogen that claimed more lives than all the battles of World War I combined .
Killer flu recreated in the lab 07 Oct 2004 Scientists have shown that tiny changes to modern flu viruses could render them as deadly as the 1918 strain which killed millions .
A US team added two genes from a sample of the 1918 virus to a modern strain known to have no effect on mice .
Animals exposed to this composite were dying within days of symptoms similar to those found in human victims of the 1918 pandemic .
Venture capital firm set to reap rewards on swine flu 24 Apr 2009
The swine flu outbreak is likely to benefit one of the most prolific and successful venture capital firms in the United States : Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , Thomson Reuters Private Equity Week reported on Friday .
Shares of the two public companies in the firm 's portfolio of eight Pandemic and Bio Defense companies -- BioCryst Pharmaceuticals and Novavax -- jumped Friday on news that the swine flu killed a reported 60 people in Mexico and has infected people in the United States .
The World Health Organization said the [ unique ] virus appears to be susceptible to Roche 's flu drug Tamiflu , also known as oseltamivir , but not to older flu drugs such as amantadine .
Rumsfeld 's growing stake in Tamiflu -- Defense Secretary , ex-chairman of flu treatment rights holder , sees portfolio value growing .
31 Oct 2005
The prospect of a bird flu outbreak may be panicking people around the globe , but it 's proving to be very good news for Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other politically connected investors in Gilead Sciences , the California biotech company that owns the rights to Tamiflu , the influenza remedy that 's now the most - sought after drug in the world .
Rumsfeld served as Gilead ( Research ) 's chairman from 1997 until he joined the Bush administration in 2001 , and he still holds a Gilead stake valued at between $ 5 million and $ 25 million , according to federal financial disclosures filed by Rumsfeld .
CLG : Baxter working on vaccine to stop swine flu , though admitted sending live pandemic flu viruses to subcontractor By Lori Price 26 Apr 2009 The OMFG moment of the century .
Illinois - based Baxter working on vaccine to ' stop ' swine flu outbreak in Mexico 25 Apr 2009 .
But , looky here !
Baxter admits sending live avian flu viruses to subcontractor -- People familiar with biosecurity rules are dismayed by evidence that human H3N2 and avian H5N1 viruses somehow co-mingled [!] in the Orth - Donau facility .
27 Feb 2009
Is Baxter International taking a page from the Blackwater playbook ?
Just as Blackwater / Xe keep on killing to justify their multi-billion dollar contracts to provide ' security ' in Iraq and Afghanistan , Baxter International is poised to make * billions * to vaccinate people against their pandemic .
Briton quarantined as killer flu spreads 26 Apr 2009 A British Airways cabin crew member was taken to hospital with flu - like symptoms yesterday afternoon after falling ill on a flight from Mexico City to Heathrow .
The Health Protection Agency said it was keeping a close eye on the situation .
New Zealand quarantines 25 amid swine flu alert 26 Apr 2009
Twenty - five students and teachers in New Zealand , some with flu - like symptoms , were quarantined and tested for swine flu after returning from a trip to Mexico , officials said Sunday , as Asia stepped up surveillance for the deadly virus .
Minister : 10 NZ students likely have swine flu 26 Apr 2009 New Zealand said Sunday that 10 students " likely " have swine flu after a school trip to Mexico , as governments across Asia began quarantining those with symptoms of the deadly virus and some issued travel warnings for Mexico .
Mexico Takes Powers to Isolate Cases of Swine Flu -- The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta said Saturday that it had sent a team of experts to Mexico to assist with the investigation cover -up of the outbreak .26 Apr 2009
This sprawling capital was on edge Saturday as ...
President [ sic ]
Felipe Calderón published an order that would give his government emergency powers to address a deadly flu outbreak , including isolating those who have contracted the virus , inspecting the homes of affected people and ordering the cancellation of public events .
The newspaper Reforma reported that President Obama , who recently visited Mexico , was escorted around Mexico City ’s national anthropology museum on April 16 by Felipe Solis , an archaeologist who died the next day from flu - like symptoms .
Mexico declares national emergency amid outbreak 25 Apr 2009 President [ sic ]
Felipe Calderon declared a national emergency Saturday , authorizing federal officials to quarantine the sick , shut down public events and businesses , and take other measures to contain the virus ’ spread .
Many in this crowded capital of 20 million are holing up or fleeing town as Mexico braces for what the World Health Organization warns could explode into a deadly global flu epidemic .
Mexico May Isolate Patients With Deadly Swine Flu Strain --
The decree published Saturday says Mr. Calderón has the authority to invoke the new powers whenever the situation warrants .
26 Apr 2009 President [ Bush troll ]
Felipe Calderón published an order Saturday that would give his government extraordinary powers to address a deadly flu epidemic , including isolating those affected by the rare virus , inspecting their homes and ordering the closure of any public events that might result in more infection ...
Because of the situation , the World Health Organization planned to consider raising the world pandemic flu alert to 4 from 3 .
Such a high level of alert -- meaning that sustained human - to - human transmission of a new virus has been detected -- has not been reached in recent years , even with the H5N1 avian flu circulating in Asia and Egypt ...
Pandemic fear as killer flu spreads 26 Apr 2009
A deadly strain of flu that combines elements of swine , avian and human viruses could spread around the world after emerging simultaneously in Mexico and the United States , experts warned yesterday .
Margaret Chan , director - general of the World Health Organisation , said the disease had " pandemic potential " ...
Up to 68 people have died from pneumonia caused by a flu - like illness in Mexico , where 1,004 suspected cases have been reported .
Tests have so far confirmed that 20 of the deaths were caused by a hitherto unknown swine flu .
Texas Gov orders 37,430 courses of antiviral medications from Strategic National Stockpile -- New possible case of swine flu identified in Texas 25 Apr 2009 A Texas high school where two students are confirmed to have swine flu is temporarily closing after a new possible case of swine flu was identified there , state health officials announced Saturday .
Carrie Williams , a state Department of Health Services spokeswoman in Austin , confirmed Saturday that another student in Guadalupe County near San Antonio is now believed to have the illness ...
Gov. Rick Perry announced Saturday that because of the outbreak he was asking the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to give Texas 37,430 courses of antiviral medications from the Strategic National Stockpile to prevent the spread of swine flu .
11 more suspected swine flu cases in U.S. -- Total reaches 19 26 Apr 2009 Kansas health authorities had confirmed two new cases of swine flu in their state , California has confirmed another case in Imperial County and New York City officials have identified eight probable cases , bringing the U.S. total to 19 likely cases .
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had previously identified six cases in San Diego and Imperial counties and two cases in Guadalupe County , Texas .
Officials : 8 NYC Students Probably Have Swine Flu -- Department of Health Officials Tests 75 Students at St. Francis Preparatory School in Queens 25 Apr 2009
At least eight students at a high school in New York City probably have human swine influenza , but authorities do n't know for sure whether they have the strain that has killed people in Mexico .
City health officials say more than 100 students at the private St. Francis Preparatory School in Queens have come down with a fever , sore throat and other aches and pains .
Two swine flu cases confirmed in Dickinson County 25 Apr 2009
The Kansas Department of Health and Environment has confirmed two cases of swine flu involving a husband and wife in Dickinson County .
KDHE officials said one had recovered and the other is still being treated , but neither was hospitalized .
One of the patients had recently traveled to Mexico , flying in and out of Wichita , the KDHE said .
Deadly new flu strain erupts in Mexico , U.S. 24 Apr 2009
A strain of flu never seen before has killed up to 60 people in Mexico and also appeared in the United States , where eight people were infected but recovered , health officials said on Friday .
Mexico 's government said at least 20 people have died of the flu and it may also be responsible for 40 other deaths .
The WHO said the virus appears to be susceptible to Roche AG 's flu drug Tamiflu , also known as oseltamivir , but not to older flu drugs such as amantadine .
[ Lucky Rumsfeld ! ]
Swine Flu May Be Named Event of International Concern 25 Apr 2009
The World Health Organization is set to declare the deadly swine flu virus outbreak in Mexico and the U.S. a global concern , potentially prompting travel advisories , said a person familiar with the matter .
An emergency committee of the WHO in Geneva will declare the outbreak " a public health event of international concern " in a teleconference that began at 4 p.m. today , said the person , who spoke on condition of anonymity because the meeting is confidential .
Outbreak in Mexico , U.S. tied to new swine flu --
Source of unique virus a mystery ; CDC expects more cases 24 Apr 2009
The unique strain of swine flu found in seven people in California and Texas has been connected to the deadly flu that has broken out in Mexico , killing as many as 61 people .
The strain has never been seen before and is raising fears of a possible pandemic across North America .
The World Health Organization said the virus that killed at least 12 of the victims in Mexico had the same genetic structure as an outbreak discovered in California .
[ See : Flu ' Oddities ' . ]
Navy Experimenting With Flu at Mexican Border -- Mexico Shuts Schools Amid Deadly Flu Outbreak 25 Apr 2009 Mexican officials , scrambling to control a swine flu outbreak that has killed at least 16 people and possibly dozens more in recent weeks ...
The unusual strain this year was noticed , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of respiratory diseases the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , only because the agency was trying out a new diagnostic test at a Navy laboratory and doing more testing than usual through a new Border Infectious Disease Surveillance Project along the Mexican border .
[ See : The U.S. - Mexico Border Infectious Disease Surveillance Project : Establishing Bi-national Border Surveillance ( cdc.gov ) ]
Possible Swine Flu Outbreak At NYC Prep School -- Department of Health Officials Testing 75 Students At St. Francis Preparatory School In Queens 24 Apr 2009 New York City health officials say that about 75 students at a Queens high school have fallen ill with flu - like symptoms and testing is under way to rule out the strain of swine flu that has killed dozens in Mexico .
The Health Department 's Dr. Don Weiss said Friday that a team of agency doctors and investigators were dispatched to the private St. Francis Preparatory School the previous day after students reported fever , sore throat , cough , aches and pains .
Mexico flu deaths raise fears of global epidemic -- Unique virus connected to cases in Calif . and Texas ; source still a mystery 24 Apr 2009 Mexico shut down schools , museums , libraries and state - run theaters across its overcrowded capital Friday in hopes of containing a swine flu outbreak that authorities say killed at least 20 people -- and perhaps dozens more .
World health authorities worried openly that the strange new virus could become a global epidemic .
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said tests show some of the Mexico victims died from the same new strain of swine flu that sickened eight people in Texas and California .
Of the 14 samples tested from Mexico , seven were matches , said the CDC 's acting director Dr. Richard Besser .
' Laboratory testing showed that the virus does not match any known flu strains . '
In California and Texas , 5 New Swine Flu Cases 24 Apr 2009 Government scientists have identified five more people who have been infected with swine flu , apparently confirming suspicions that the unusual strain of the respiratory infection is spreading from person to person , federal health officials said yesterday .
Three new cases were found in California and two in Texas , bringing the total number of confirmed cases to seven , officials at the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta said ...
Genetic analysis of the virus indicates it is highly unusual :
It is a hybrid that resulted from a [ Fort Detrick ? ] combination of four different viruses .'
Troops Could Be Sent to Border -- Under $ 350 M plan , National Guard would be aimed at drug war 24 Apr 2009 The Pentagon and Homeland Security Department are developing contingency plans to send National Guard troops to the U.S. - Mexican border under a $ 350 million initiative that would expand the U.S. military 's role in [ fomenting ] the drug war , according to Obama administration officials .
In 2002 , Military Agency Warned Against ' Torture ' -- Extreme Duress Could Yield Unreliable Information , It Said 24 Apr 2009
The military agency that provided advice on harsh interrogation techniques for use against terrorism suspects referred to the application of extreme duress as " torture " in a July 2002 document sent to the Pentagon 's chief lawyer and warned that it would produce " unreliable information . "
" The unintended consequence of a U.S. policy that provides for the torture of prisoners is that it could be used by our adversaries as justification for the torture of captured U.S. personnel , " says the document , an unsigned two - page attachment to a memo by the military 's Joint Personnel Recovery Agency .
Parts of the attachment , obtained in full by The Washington Post , were quoted in a Senate report on harsh interrogation released this week .
[ Oops !
Looks like the PentaPost will have to stop calling torture ' enhanced interrogation techniques ' because the Pentagon itself calls torture torture .
-- LRP ]
Memo From the Joint Personnel Recovery Agency 24 Apr 2009
Cheney Requests Release of 2 CIA Reports on Interrogations 25 Apr 2009 Former vice president [ sic ] Richard B. Cheney is asking for the release of two CIA reports in his bid to marshal evidence that coercive interrogation tactics such as waterboarding helped thwart terrorist plots , according to documents released yesterday by the National Archives and Records Administration .
UK High Court demands U.S. torture documents 22 Apr 2009
The chief justice of the British High Court on Wednesday gave the British government one week to obtain the U.S. release of classified information about the alleged torture of a British resident [ Binyam Mohamed ] who 'd been detained at the U.S. military prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
The court indicated that it would issue its own order if the government does n't respond or justify why continued secrecy is warranted .
DoD to ' augment civilian law ' during pandemic or bioterror attack
*****
To receive breaking news alerts from us , click here or the icon below .
Email this page to a friend .
Permanent URL for this page : http://www.legitgov.org/flu_kills_torture_memos_260409.html
College Works Painting
Please post your experiences related to your internship at College Works Painting .
For those of you who do n't already know , College Works Painting offers college students a summer management internship .
" While most internships offer a spectator 's glimpse into a corporate setting , College Works Painting gives interns an intensive , hands - on experience where they learn all aspects of business management . "
For more information please visit http://www.collegeworkspainting.com.
Officials in Hesse , North Rhine - Westphalia , Thuringia and Rhineland - Palatinate have banned the drink after health officials noted trace amounts of cocaine in cans of the cola .
" The coke is not harmful , but it violates food law , " said Thomas Schulz , a spokesman for the Thuringian Ministry of Health .
The North Rhine - Westphalia Institute for Health and Work ( LIGA ) found traces of cocaine , from a leaf stem that had supposedly had all the cocaine extracted from it .
Therefore , according to the ministry , the cola should not be be classified as a food product , but falls instead under the jurisdiction of the German Narcotics Act .
Coca leaf is used worldwide as food additive
" Coca leaf extracts , without the active ingredient of cocaine , are used worldwide for food flavorings and are completely safe , " a Red Bull spokesman told the Frankfurter Neue Presse newspaper .
In the German state of Hesse , the Ministry of the Environment in Wiesbaden said on Friday , May 22 , that it had confirmed the presence of the coca leaf extract in the drink .
It noted that it was part of the recipe and that the product was not contaminated .
Therefore they have not issued a warning , but have ordered a recall of the product .
Officials at Red Bull took a different view of the situation , and said that they had a different interpretation of the legality of coca products being used as flavorings .
" We are of the opinion that our product is marketable , " Frank Farnsteiner , a spokesman for Red Bull , told German public radio .
av/dpa/hronline
Editor : Andreas Illmer
Wolfram Alpha launched late Friday afternoon , giving everyone , including bloggers , a weekend to play with the “ computational knowledge engine ” .
The service uses the back - end of Stephen Wolfram ’s Mathematica to crunch out the answers to your questions .
It ’s great , but this is the Gadget Lab , so why on Earth are we talking about the ultimate pub-quiz companion ?
Easter eggs , that ’s why .
Geeky , gadget - related easter eggs .
Try typing “ 88 mph ” into the search box .
Here ’s what you ’ll find :
88 mph = speed at which Marty McFly needed to drive the Delorean DMC - 12 in order to time travel .
Want more ?
Try Flux Capacitor .
It turns out that the power needed by Doc Brown ’s invention is just 1/10th the power required to shift the space shuttle off the launch pad .
There ’s also a rather fun error page thrown when the engine is overloaded ( pictured above ) , something I ’m sure you ’ll have already seen if you tried Alpha out this weekend .
Product page [ Wolfram Alpha ]
10 Even Better Wolfram Alpha Easter Eggs [ Mashable ]
See Also :
Stephen Wolfram Reveals Radical New Formula for Web Search
Today I gave a presentation at Google I / O explaining some of the cool ideas that lie at the heart of our upcoming extension system .
For those who did n't get a chance to attend the conference , you can check out the slides , below :
The actions menu , visible in full - screen mode , will let you show speaker notes .
We 'll also post a video of the talk as soon as it's available .
As some of you know , it 's already possible to write extensions using the latest developer build of Google Chrome .
You can find out more about the system , and learn how to write your first extension , by reading our HOWTO document .
We 've really focused on making extensions as easy as possible to write , so you 'll be up and running in no time .
We 're still pretty early in the development of the extensions system , and we 're constantly adding new features and tweaking the APIs based on your feedback .
So if you try it out , we 'd love to hear from you at chromium-discuss@chromium.org
Happy coding !
Update : Video of this talk is now Video of this talk is now available , as are videos of a number of other Google Chrome - related talks
Posted by Aaron Boodman , Software Engineer
Trailer for Gamer .
A high - concept action thriller set in the near future , a time when mind - control technology has taken society by storm .
Humans control other humans in a mass - scale , multiplayer online game .
Reclusive billionaire Ken Castle ( Michael C. Hall ) has created the controversial form of entertainment , " Slayers " , a hugely popular game that allows millions to act out their innermost fantasies and desires - online - in front of a global audience .
Gaming has evolved into a terrifying new dimension ... mind control … mind manipulation … people playing people !
At the center is Kable ( Gerard Butler ) , the superstar and cult hero of “ Slayers , ” the savage , ultra - violent first - person shooter game .
Kable is controlled by Simon , a young gamer with a rock star status who continues to defy all odds by guiding Kable to victory each week .
Taken from his family , imprisoned and forced to fight against his will , the modern day gladiator must survive long enough to escape the game to free his family , regain his identity , and to save mankind from Castle ’s ruthless technology .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The swine flu virus that has sparked fear and precautions worldwide appears to be no more dangerous than the regular flu virus that makes its rounds each year , U.S. officials said Monday .
Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said swine flu is no more dangerous than the regular flu virus .
" What the epidemiologists are seeing now with this particular strain of U.N. is that the severity of the disease , the severity of the flu -- how sick you get -- is not stronger than regular seasonal flu , " Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said Monday as the worldwide number of confirmed cases of swine flu -- technically known as 2009 H1N1 virus -- topped 1,080 .
The flu has been blamed for 26 deaths : 25 in Mexico and one in the United States , according to the World Health Organization .
Still , Napolitano noted , the seasonal flu results in " hundreds of thousands of hospitalizations " and roughly 35,000 fatalities each year in the United States .
There are still concerns that the virus could return in the fall , in the typical flu season , as a stronger strain .
" We are cautiously optimistic that this particular strain will not be more severe than a normal seasonal flu outbreak , " Napolitano said .
Watch Napolitano assess the swine flu risk »
Napolitano acknowledged claims by health officials in Mexico , the epicenter of the H1N1 outbreak , who believe their cases have peaked and said , " I have no reason to think that is inaccurate . "
The WHO said there were no immediate plans to raise its alert to the highest level , Phase 6 .
That designation would mean " that we are seeing continued spread of the virus to countries outside of one region , " Assistant Director - General Keiji Fukuda said .
" If you are seeing community outbreaks occur in multiple regions of the world , it really tells us if the virus has established itself and that we can expect to see disease in most countries in the world . "
In the United States , the CDC on Monday reported confirmed 279 cases across 36 states -- 60 more than were confirmed the day before .
Several states , including New York and Massachusetts , confirmed dozens more cases Monday that were not immediately added to the CDC tally .
See where the H1N1 virus has spread across the world »
Earlier , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said the CDC " erroneously " doubled the cases in his state .
Jindal confirmed his state 's total is seven , and the CDC dropped its nationwide count from 286 to 279 .
Many of the cases are among children ; the median age is 16 , said Dr. Richard Besser , acting director of the CDC .
The youngest confirmed case is a 3 - month - old , he said .
There are also more than 700 probable cases across 44 states , Besser said .
" This likely represents an underestimation of the total number of cases across the country , " he said , because not everyone with flu - like symptoms goes to the doctor and gets tested .
The numbers are expected to increase .
Dr. Anne Schuchat , the CDC 's interim deputy director for public health , said Sunday , " We believe we 're just on the upswing here . "
But in Mexico , where the first cases were reported , illnesses may have peaked for now .
Mexico City will reopen government offices and restaurants Wednesday , and museums , libraries and churches Thursday as officials cited improvements in the battle against swine flu .
Officials said university and secondary students can return to class Thursday while younger students will wait until May 11 .
In another sign of improving conditions with the H1N1 virus , federal officials lowered the nation 's health alert level Monday from red , or " high , " to orange , or " elevated . "
" The measures we have taken , and above all the public 's reaction , have led to an improvement , " Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard said at a news conference .
" But I insist that the virus is still present , that we need to remain on alert , and the resumption of activities will be little by little , not all at once . "
The Mexican and Chinese government sent chartered flights to each other 's countries Tuesday to pick up their respective nationals stranded or quarantined because of the global swine flu outbreak .
An Aeromexico flight was making several stops throughout China to collect nearly 70 citizens who were being held in quarantine across the communist nation as part of its strict swine flu -control measures .
The flight will make stops in Beijing , Shanghai and the southern city of Guangzhou .
Meanwhile , a U.S. Embassy official said four Americans are or were quarantined in China : two in Beijing ; two in the southern Guangdong province .
The official could not say whether the two in Guangdong had been released , nor did she provide additional details .
In the U.S. , residents gripped by concerns about the swine flu , also had a hopeful sign Monday .
The St. Francis Preparatory School in Queens , New York -- which had the first confirmed U.S. cases of swine flu -- reopened Monday .
More than 100 St. Francis students had come down with flu symptoms two weeks ago .
Some were tested and found to have the H1N1 virus .
Learn more about the H1N1 influenza virus »
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg was on hand to welcome them back to a school that had undergone an intense scrub - down .
" The school has been completely sanitized , " St. Francis Principal Leonard Conway said in a letter to students and their parents .
The U.S. Department of Education said that 533 schools were shut Monday , about 100 more than Friday and about half of 1 percent of all schools in the United States .
The closures affect about 330,000 students in 24 states .
New cases of swine flu were leaving soldiers isolated in California .
A spokeswoman for the U.S. Marine Base at Twentynine Palms , north of Palm Springs , California , said two new cases of the flu were confirmed by the CDC .
The two Marines show no symptoms but are being kept in isolation , spokeswoman Jennie Haskamp said .
Previously , one other case was confirmed at the base .
The U.S. Defense Department also reported that a crew member stationed aboard the USS Dubuque in San Diego , California , was confirmed to have swine flu and is currently ashore .
The department said there were 13 other " probable " cases among Dubuque personnel .
And California officials were looking into a suspected case at Centinela State Prison in Imperial County .
Authorities suspended visitation and other " non-essential activities " at the prison pending confirmation .
Even as health officials worldwide worked to battle the outbreak , intense efforts were under way to develop a vaccine -- with lessons from history in mind .
" In 1918 , the Spanish flu showed a surge in the spring and then disappeared in the summer months , only to return in the autumn of 1918 with a vengeance , " WHO spokesman Gregory Hartl said Sunday .
" And we know that that eventually killed 40 million to 50 million people . "
Health officials are not making such dire predictions in this case .
And they can't know for certain whether the swine flu will make a big return later in the year .
Still , they 're taking no chances .
In that effort , health officials have a tool unlike anything they 've had before .
" This is the best surveillance we 've ever had , " Fukuda said Monday .
" You know , we 're really monitoring and able to see a situation unfold in a way we have never been able to do in history before . "
In Hong Kong , about 200 hotel guests and 100 staff members at the Metropark Hotel remain under quarantine until Friday after health officials determined that a guest there had contracted the H1N1 virus .
Watch how a British citizen has been quarantined in Hong Kong »
" We go down to the lobby for food and then back to the room to eat your food , " said Leslie Carr , a British man who is one of the 300 stuck at the hotel .
" Not many people are downstairs hanging around to talk or discuss anything . "
Hong Kong , in particular , is extra careful after a SARS outbreak in 2003 killed almost 300 people .
" In view of the lack of data ... we have to be very cautious , " said Yuen Kwok - Yung of Hong Kong University .
" I believe that as time goes by , we can change our strategy . "
CNN 's Karl Penhaul in Mexico City , John Vause in Beijing , Diana Magnay in Geneva and Pauline Choo in Hong Kong contributed to this report .
All About Swine Flu • Mexico • World Health Organization
Extreme right wing activists Itamar Ben-Gvir and Baruch Marzel demanded on Monday that Pope Benedict XVI return looted Temple treasures in a criminal complaint they filed at the Jerusalem Magistrate 's Court .
The two also demanded a stay of exit order be issued against the pope and his three escorts arriving in Israel on Monday .
Controversy Rabbi : Pope visit contradicts Judaism / Efrat Weiss
As Israel prepares for Benedict XVI 's historic visit , head of SOS Israel believes ' rabbis must not meet with the pope because the Catholic Church tortured and murdered Jews and helped the Nazis annihilate the Jewish people '
Full story
Justice Ron Alexander rejected the petition later Monday , and ruled that , as the head of a state , the pope has international immunity .
Ben -Gvir and Marzel argued that Roman Emperor Titus , who destroyed Jerusalem and the Temple , took with him the seven branches candelabrum that was placed there .
Along with the menorah , other artifacts were also looted , such as the basin , the gold and copper altars and the curtains .
The two claim that at least some of the treasures can be found in the cellars of the Vatican in Rome .
The complaint also said that on a separate unknown date , various Talmud and Jewish philosophy scriptures numbering some 7,500 were also looted .
Ben -Gvir and Marzel said these scriptures could also be found in the Vatican 's cellars , and that some of them were even presented as the Vatican 's Jewish literature during an international book fair .
The two said the cellars are under the pope 's control and that he and his entourage were responsible for holding the items in question .
Sephardi Chief Rabbi of Israel Shlomo Amar and Ashkenazi Chief Rabbi Yona Metzger both appeared on the rightists ' witness list .
The NHS watchdog , the Healthcare Commission , has found that managers at Stafford Hospital pursued targets to the detriment of patients .
One result was disgracefully substandard care ; another , more shocking , was a sharply increased death rate .
The chairman and chief executive of Mid Staffordshire Foundation Trust have resigned ; the Health Secretary Alan Johnson has apologised .
We should , perhaps , be thankful for small mercies .
The top trust officials did the decent thing and did not wait to be pushed .
The Health Secretary said " sorry " .
Neither , regrettably , can be taken for granted in this age of buck - passing and self - justification .
But this is where even the faintest positives stop .
In its damning report , the commission identified a whole chain of problems , from low staffing levels , through poor training , to inadequate follow - up procedures when things went wrong .
The difficulties were particularly acute in the accident and emergency department , where unqualified staff made initial assessments and heart monitors were switched off because no one knew how to use them .
You could not ask for a clearer example of waste – expensive machines lying idle for want of trained staff – in a service that repeatedly pleads penury .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
One of the most galling aspects of the case is that patients and relatives could see clearly what was happening , and often why , but could not get their complaints taken seriously – although they assumed a consistent pattern early on .
Such high - handed treatment of the people it is supposed to serve is all too typical of parts of the public sector , but seems especially ingrained in the NHS , where lay opinion is readily dismissed as ill - informed .
It could be argued that such complaints have , to an extent , always been levelled against hospital management .
What sets this report apart , however , is its conclusion that meeting government targets took precedence over patients ' welfare .
So fixated were managers on the penalties that would apply to the trust if it missed targets – and , might we also suggest , on the financial and prestige rewards for exceeding them – that everything else took second place .
This included patients ' lives .
And while blame undoubtedly attaches to weak managers at every level , and to medical staff who lacked common humanity , those who set the targets also bear some responsibility .
Scarcely a target has been set in any organisation that does not eventually have some unintended consequence .
Organisations are notoriously adept at re-orientating their paper priorities to fit the criteria required .
Not so long ago , the manipulation of waiting lists was found to be almost endemic across the NHS .
Mixed wards were " abolished " by the fiction of curtained partitions .
In local government we have seen how Haringey social services contrived to tick all the Government 's boxes , while grievously mishandling the case of Baby P .
The performance of others , including Doncaster , is now being reassessed .
The revelations about Stafford Hospital are likely to fuel the growing backlash against the so - called target culture .
Not that targets are intrinsically bad : a government service , like a business , needs to track how costs relate to results ; it needs a gauge for improvement .
But they are no substitute for either humanity or common sense , and no excuse for failing to exercise judgement .
Once targets take precedence over decisions of life and death , it should be obvious that they have got out of hand .
A shocking expose of the CIA 's role as drug baron .
On March 18 , 1998 , the CIA 's Inspector General , Fred Hitz , told astounded US Reps that the CIA had maintained relationships with companies and individuals that the Agency knew to be involved in the drug business .
More shocking was the revelation that the CIA had received from Reagan 's Justice Department clearance not to report any knowledge it might have of drug - dealing by CIA assets .
Many years ' worth of CIA denials , much of it under oath to Congress , were sunk .
Hitz 's admissions made fools of some of the most prominent names in US journalism and vindicated others that had been ruined .
Particularly resonant was the case of the San Jose Mercury News , which published a sensational series on CIA involvement in the smuggling of cocaine into black urban neighborhoods , and then under pressure conspired in the destruction of its own reporter , Gary Webb .
In Whiteout , Alexander Cockburn and Jeffrey St. Clair finally put the whole story together , from the earliest days , when the CIA 's institutional ancestors cut a deal with America 's premier gangster and drug trafficker , Lucky Luciano .
This is a thrilling history that stretches from Sicily in 1944 to the killing fields of Laos and Vietnam , to CIA safe houses in Greenwich Village and San Francisco where CIA men watched Agency - paid prostitutes feed LSD to unsuspecting clients .
We meet Oliver North , as he plotted with Manuel Noriega and Central American gangsters .
We travel to little - known airports in Costa Rica and Arkansas .
We hear from drug pilots and accountants from the Cali Cartel .
We learn of DEA agents whose careers were ruined because they tried to tell the truth .
Cockburn and St. Clair show how the CIA 's complicity with drug - dealing criminal gangs was part and parcel of its attacks on labor organizers , whether on the docks of New York , Marseilles , or Shanghai .
They trace how the Cold War and counter - insurgency led to an alliance between the Agency and the vilest of war criminals like Klaus Barbie , or fanatic opium traders like the mujahedin in Afghanistan .
Cockburn and St. Clair horrifyingly affirm charges of outraged black communities that the CIA had undertaken enduring programs of experiments on minorities .
They show that the CIA imported Nazi scientists straight from their labs at Dachau and Buchenwald and set to work , developing chemical and biological agents , tested on blacks , some of them in mental hospitals .
Cockburn and St. Clair dissect the shameful way American journalists have not only turned a blind eye to the Agency 's misdeeds , but also helped plunge the knife into those who tried to tell the truth .
Fact - packed and fast - paced , Whiteout is a richly detailed excavation of the CIA 's dirtiest secrets .
For anyone who wants to know the real truth about the Agency , this is the book to start with .
© 1995 -2019 by Michael W. Davidson and The Florida State University .
All Rights Reserved .
No images , graphics , software , scripts , or applets may be reproduced or used in any manner without permission from the copyright holders .
Use of this website means you agree to all of the Legal Terms and Conditions set forth by the owners .
This website is maintained by our
Graphics & Web Programming Team
in collaboration with Optical Microscopy at the
National High Magnetic Field Laboratory .
Last modification : Monday , Jul 02 , 2018 at 04:21 PM
Access Count Since March 15 , 1997 : 97392
" Hi , I 'd like a large barbecue chicken pizza with extra — * fzzt * oni * asjkhwakj * no * kssshh * " CALL FAILED .
What just happened here ?
With all of today 's modern wireless technology , why do cellphones still pull this crap ?
Advertisement
For all the miraculous things we 're able to do with phones now — tell 600 Twitter followers unpleasantly intimate details of our lives , for instance — it 's amazing what 's still missing : Universally excellent reception .
Without enough bars , your phone becomes a shiny , useless brick .
We 've already explained how cell towers basically work .
Now , we 're gonna talk about how the invisible fairies who carry your voice and data between the cell site and your Moto RAZR actually do their jobs .
Giz Explains : How Cell Towers
Work I recently visited a cell site shared by Clearwire and two other unnamed carriers — without frying my Read more
Advertisement
Okay , there are no fairies .
Everything is actually carried on radio waves — ultra high frequency ( UHF , as in the Weird Al movie ) radio waves , to be precise .
UHF refers to any frequencies between 300MHz and 3GHz , so Wi -Fi , your mom 's cordless phone , your lame Bluetooth headset and other stuff all run on the broad UHF band .
The thing about radio waves is that they 're pretty easy to screw with , and UHF is no exception , despite the fact it has " ultra " in the name .
Maybe if we had like , Chuck Norris Frequency , things would be different .
The Interference
You 're walking around with a glorified walkie talkie .
It 's emitting radio waves , and trying to catch others that come from a tower .
So a huge reason that you sometimes get a signal weaker than bodega coffee is stuff getting in the way .
And the farther away from the cell tower your are , the more likely it is that stuff is gonna get in your way , even if the radio waves are strong enough to reach you .
Since the frequencies for cell service essentially travel in a straight line , you 're screwed if you roll behind a big hill or building .
Big obstacles are obviously trouble , but little obstacles cause huge problems too .
Different materials have different effects on the radio waves , since they are subject to things like reflection and absorption .
A building with lots of reflective metal on the outside is gonna have a crummy signal inside .
Conductive materials have a tendency to absorb and weaken , ( or " attenuate " ) the signal .
( This is why you can't forge a phone completely out of aluminum . )
Plants , while friendly to the earth , are not friendly to cell signals since they absorb the signal .
The Frequency
It also depends on what frequency you 're rolling on .
Today , Verizon and AT&T use 850 and 1900MHz .
T - Mobile uses the 1700 , 1900 and 2100MHz bands , mostly 1900 .
Nextel 's iDEN network uses 900MHz , while Sprint 's main network runs on 1900MHz with roaming on 800MHz .
The Sprint / Clearwire WiMax network is higher up , at 2500MHz , aka 2.5 Ghz .
Advertisement
The reason the 700MHz is such hot property for AT&T and Verizon 's upcoming high - speed 4G LTE deployment is that lower - frequency signals travel farther and allegedly penetrate some materials better using the same power as a signal on a higher frequency .
This is why LTE is suitable for rural broadband deployments .
Advertisement
( Significantly higher frequencies actually do penetrate certain things better at close range and with more power , so this whole discussion can quickly turn into a headache factory if you let it . )
AT&T is currently shifting a lot of their 3G to 850MHz for better penetration after everyone with an iPhone cried about their crappy reception .
So being on a lower frequency potentially poses a better chance to have a more solid signal .
Advertisement
Needless to say , the more noisy a particular frequency , the more trouble calls can encounter as well , so carriers have to manage their bandwidth like freeway designers , to avoid the congestion that also contributes to dropped calls .
The Handoff
Handoffs ( aka handovers ) are another reason your order for a pizza with extra cheese might turn into one for extra grease , especially if you 're flying down the highway at 60 mph and your phone is wirelessly bouncing from cell tower to cell tower .
All kinds of wonky things , like ping - ponging between the two towers , can happen that 'll result in a dropped call , especially if it 's between two stations that are n't in line of sight .
Advertisement
The Backhaul
Okay , you say , but I have full bars goddammit .
Explain that .
Well , for one , full bars does n't necessarily mean anything .
There 's no industry yardstick that translates the bars into actual information , but they all basically represent averages of signal strength over small chunks of time .
But just because the signal strength is good , that does n't mean the call 's going through .
For starters , there are only a finite number of calls a cell tower can handle , which varies depending on the demands of the phone or wireless modem .
As calls come in , they are juggled by the tower , then routed through a wired connection ( or occasionally a powerful wireless connection ) to the greater telecom infrastructure .
This is called backhaul , and it can be a bottleneck .
Advertisement
Assuming you 're all good , with a fantastic signal and a lock on the tower , but still , your Yelp reviews are n't flowing like they should .
Do n't forget , at some point , like any dial - up or cable modem , your cell data requests have to compete with everything else on the internet .
Even calls are so digitalized these days , their " packets " of data can be interrupted by unknown internetty forces .
The final lesson there ?
The fatter the hard pipe , the more data it can handle — fiber is the best , obviously , but most towers still use an array of T1 lines .
And that bottleneck , as Om pointed out last year , could be mobile broadband 's biggest roadblock .
Assuming you get past all those other roadblocks .
Advertisement
Still something you still wanna know ?
Send any questions about cellphones , hotlines , or Jason Chen 's pants to tips@gizmodo.com , with " Giz Explains " in the subject line .
Defending the God of the Bible was once a passion of mine , I studied apologia in order to defend my “ True Faith ” .
Talking with young Atheists and dissenters was something I spent a lot of time doing at one point , though I could understand their arguments and reasons for disliking YHWH , I always felt in my heart that the only reason they did n’t “ get it ” was because they did n’t have the Holy Spirit in them to show them this truth or to help them “ understand it ” the way that I did .
In retrospect I find that this “ Holy Spirit ” that was silently giving me “ Knowledge of God ” and “ evidence ” was merely my own understanding and desire for the Gospel to be the Truth .
My need for God was providing me with all the evidence I required at the time … which for me then was nothing more than a “ fuzzy feeling ” and a burning in the bosom ( As the LDS Church conveniently puts it ) .
That small self contained and self created feeling allowed me to ignore a magnitude of flaws in the character of YHWH … because I had a Personal relationship with Christ I was able to look past the bad parts and only see the good parts , justifying the evils of YHWH as justice and fatherly love … something my Christian counterparts are able to do still .
The way I see it now , the Holy Spirit is like a pair of rose colored glasses …
It blocks out anything that does n’t adhere to the rosy - loving filter .
It does n’t outright ignore them but instead of the 2 Kings bear attack looking to them like some mad tyrant God , he instead looks like he is bringing a mauling upon those children out of love and a bringing of justice upon those that taunt God ’s prophets .
We lost folks just see the God of the Old Testament as a prick , tyrannical , egomaniac because we do n’t have the Holy Ghost glasses .
So…are we godless folk the deluded ones ?
The view for the Christian is a convenient one in my opinion .
As Rev. Russ and I are fond of debating over , he believes that the Old Testament when read in the correct context will ALWAYS point to Christ … I digress , as I see that if you read any book in the context of Christ then it will inevitably lead you to Christ …. because those are the Rose Colored glasses .
Same thing could be applied to The Lord of the Rings , read it in the right context and it can say anything about anyone … variables change the way things appear and are understood … in my world we call that a Bias .
Ask a Jew if the Old Testament has thing one to do with Jesus Christ and you might end up with a scar from a yamika !
Due to the fact that The Old Testament does n’t point to the same thing for everyone you have to assume that God ’s millions of victims may not have been given ample opportunity to understand the whole Christ plan … the 42 children mauled by bears at Elisha ’s calling surely did n’t see Christ in this at all ….how could they ?
But write up some new books , call them a testament , and base it on your understanding of the Old Testament Messiah …it ’s mighty easy to make all those things add up …
L. Ron Hubbard did it and turned his novels into a religion just like the Nicene Council may have done .
The context that I read the Old Testament is in that of a fantasy novel or a text written to gain control over a people … whats yours ?
Is there any reason to appraoch it in any other way ?
Inmates at a facility in California , a state that spent almost $ 10 billion on corrections last year .
Inmates at a facility in California , a state that spent almost $ 10 billion on corrections last year .
America ’s criminal justice system has deteriorated to the point that it is a national disgrace .
Its irregularities and inequities cut against the notion that we are a society founded on fundamental fairness .
Our failure to address this problem has caused the nation ’s prisons to burst their seams with massive overcrowding , even as our neighborhoods have become more dangerous .
We are wasting billions of dollars and diminishing millions of lives .
We need to fix the system .
Doing so will require a major nationwide recalculation of who goes to prison and for how long and of how we address the long - term consequences of incarceration .
Twenty - five years ago , I went to Japan on assignment for PARADE to write a story on that country ’s prison system .
In 1984 , Japan had a population half the size of ours and was incarcerating 40,000 sentenced offenders , compared with 580,000 in the United States .
As shocking as that disparity was , the difference between the countries now is even more astounding –and profoundly disturbing .
Since then , Japan ’s prison population has not quite doubled to 71,000 , while ours has quadrupled to 2.3 million .
The United States has by far the world ’s highest incarceration rate .
With 5 % of the world ’s population , our country now houses nearly 25 % of the world ’s reported prisoners .
We currently incarcerate 756 inmates per 100,000 residents , a rate nearly five times the average worldwide of 158 for every 100,000 .
In addition , more than 5 million people who recently left jail remain under “ correctional supervision , ” which includes parole , probation , and other community sanctions .
All told , about one in every 31 adults in the United States is in prison , in jail , or on supervised release .
This all comes at a very high price to taxpayers : Local , state , and federal spending on corrections adds up to about $ 68 billion a year .
Our overcrowded , ill - managed prison systems are places of violence , physical abuse , and hate , making them breeding grounds that perpetuate and magnify the same types of behavior we purport to fear .
Post - incarceration re-entry programs are haphazard or , in some places , nonexistent , making it more difficult for former offenders who wish to overcome the stigma of having done prison time and become full , contributing members of society .
And , in the face of the movement toward mass incarceration , law - enforcement officials in many parts of the U.S. have been overwhelmed and unable to address a dangerous wave of organized , frequently violent gang activity , much of it run by leaders who are based in other countries .
With so many of our citizens in prison compared with the rest of the world , there are only two possibilities :
Either we are home to the most evil people on earth or we are doing something different–and vastly counterproductive .
Obviously , the answer is the latter .
Over the past two decades , we have been incarcerating more and more people for nonviolent crimes and for acts that are driven by mental illness or drug dependence .
The U.S. Department of Justice estimates that 16 % of the adult inmates in American prisons and jails –which means more than 350,000 of those locked up–suffer from mental illness , and the percentage in juvenile custody is even higher .
Our correctional institutions are also heavily populated by the “ criminally ill , ” including inmates who suffer from HIV / AIDS , tuberculosis , and hepatitis .
Drug offenders , most of them passive users or minor dealers , are swamping our prisons .
According to data supplied to Congress ’ Joint Economic Committee , those imprisoned for drug offenses rose from 10 % of the inmate population to approximately 33 % between 1984 and 2002 .
Experts estimate that this increase accounts for about half of the dramatic escalation in the total number imprisoned over that period .
Yet locking up more of these offenders has done nothing to break up the power of the multibillion - dollar illegal drug trade .
Nor has it brought about a reduction in the amounts of the more dangerous drugs–such as cocaine , heroin , and methamphetamines –that are reaching our citizens .
Justice statistics also show that 47.5 % of all the drug arrests in our country in 2007 were for marijuana offenses .
Additionally , nearly 60 % of the people in state prisons serving time for a drug offense had no history of violence or of any significant selling activity .
Indeed , four out of five drug arrests were for possession of illegal substances , while only one out of five was for sales .
Three - quarters of the drug offenders in our state prisons were there for nonviolent or purely drug offenses .
And although experts have found little statistical difference among racial groups regarding actual drug use , African - Americans –who make up about 12 % of the total U.S. population –accounted for 37 % of those arrested on drug charges , 59 % of those convicted , and 74 % of all drug offenders sentenced to prison .
Against this backdrop of chaos and mismanagement , a dangerous form of organized and sometimes deadly gang activity has infiltrated America ’s towns and cities .
It comes largely from our country ’s southern border , and much of the criminal activity centers around the movement of illegal drugs .
The weapons and tactics involved are of the highest order .
The Mexican drug cartels , whose combined profits are estimated at $ 25 billion a year , are known to employ many elite former soldiers who were trained in some of America ’s most sophisticated military programs .
Their brutal tactics took the lives of more than 6000 Mexicans last year alone , and the bloodshed has been spilling over the border into our own neighborhoods at a rapid pace .
One terrible result is that Phoenix , Ariz. , has become the kidnapping capital of the United States , with more than 370 cases in 2008 .
That is more incidents than in any other city in the world outside of Mexico City .
The challenge to our communities is not limited to the states that border Mexico .
Mexican cartels are now reported to be running operations in some 230 American cities .
Other gang activity –much of it directed from Latin America , Asia , and Europe–has permeated our country to the point that no area is immune .
As one example , several thousand members of the Central American gang MS - 13 now operate in northern Virginia , only a stone ’s throw from our nation ’s capital .
[ Who are the world ’s most wanted criminals ?
See the list »]
In short , we are not protecting our citizens from the increasing danger of criminals who perpetrate violence and intimidation as a way of life , and we are locking up too many people who do not belong in jail .
It is incumbent on our national leadership to find a way to fix our prison system .
I believe that American ingenuity can discover better ways to deal with the problems of drugs and nonviolent criminal behavior while still minimizing violent crime and large - scale gang activity .
And we all deserve to live in a country made better by such changes .
Senator Jim Webb ( D. Va. ) is a PARADE Contributing Editor and the author of nine books , including “ A Time to Fight . ”
The longstanding gap between blacks and whites in voter participation evaporated in the presidential election last year , according to an analysis released Thursday .
Black , Hispanic and Asian voters made up nearly a quarter of the electorate , setting a record .
The analysis , by the Pew Research Center , also found that for the first time , black women turned out at a higher rate than any other racial , ethnic and gender group .
The study attributed the findings to several factors beyond the obvious one : Barack Obama ’s candidacy .
For instance , the number of eligible Hispanic voters has soared by more than 21 percent since 2004 , a reflection of population gains and growing numbers of Hispanics who are citizens .
Their share of eligible voters increased to 9.5 percent , from 8.2 percent four years earlier .
In 2008 , for the first time , the share of white non-Hispanic eligible voters fell below 75 percent .
“ What this report demonstrates is a pretty potent one - two punch of demographic change and behavioral change , ” said Paul Taylor , executive vice president of the Pew Research Center .
“ The white share of the overall vote has been stepping down pretty steadily for 20 years . ”
Search World Home
Stories Stories by Date Stories by Theme Stories by Place Fellows Stories Social Entrepreneurs Rough Cuts FlashPoint Slideshows
Watch Online
About Us What is World ?
Reporter Stories Awards Press Funders
Educators At Siemens , Bribery Was Just a Line Item BY SIRI SCHUBERT AND T. CHRISTIAN MILLER Reinhardt Siekaczek Interview
The unusual journey of Reinhardt Siekaczek , a former midlevel executive at the German engineering giant Siemens , helps explain how the company ended up paying $ 1.6 billion in the largest fine for bribery in modern corporate history .
Related Top Stories
THE BUSINESS OF BRIBES At Siemens , Bribery Was Just a Line Item
How Siemens ended up paying $ 1.6 billion in the largest fine for bribery in modern corporate history ...
The Victims of Corruption --
The human cost of bribery in the developing world
The World Bank Institute estimates bribery is a $ 1 trillion a year business .
But it 's not a victimless crime ...
Portrait of a Whistleblower --
How one man decided to expose the truth
When a former Siemens employee reported accounting irregularities to superiors , his life was thrown into chaos ...
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES Transparency International
Global watchdog working to combat international corruption .
World Bank Institute : Governance Matters
Blog tracking corruption trends , also publishes a " Grand Corruption Watch List " .
Reactions Siri Schubert is a reporter with the Investigative Reporting Program at UC Berkeley .
Schubert has been published in Fortune International , Business 2.0 , The Wall Street Journal Europe and Scientific American Mind .
T. Christian Miller is a senior reporter with ProPublica , an investigative media project .
He reported for The Los Angeles Times from 1997 until 2008 .
Editor 's Note :
This reporting is the result of a joint investigation of international bribery by PBS FRONTLINE , ProPublica and the Investigative Reporting Program at UC Berkeley .
A FRONTLINE documentary , Black Money , will air on April 7 , 2009 at 9 P.M. ET on PBS .
This story was published by The New York Times on Sunday , Dec. 21 , 2008 .
MUNICH - Reinhard Siekaczek was half asleep in bed when his doorbell rang here early one morning two years ago .
Still in his pajamas , he peeked out his bedroom window , hurried downstairs and flung open the front door .
Standing before him in the cool , crisp dark were six German police officers and a prosecutor .
They held a warrant for his arrest .
At that moment , Mr. Siekaczek , a stout , graying former accountant for Siemens A.G. , the German engineering giant , knew that his secret life had ended .
" I know what this is about , " Mr. Siekaczek told the officers crowded around his door .
" I have been expecting you . "
To understand how Siemens , one of the world 's biggest companies , last week ended up paying $ 1.6 billion in the largest fine for bribery in modern corporate history , it 's worth delving into Mr. Siekaczek 's unusual journey .
A former midlevel executive at Siemens , he was one of several people who arranged a torrent of payments that eventually streamed to well - placed officials around the globe , from Vietnam to Venezuela and from Italy to Israel , according to interviews with Mr. Siekaczek and court records in Germany and the United States .
What is striking about Mr. Siekaczek 's and prosecutors ' accounts of those dealings , which flowed through a web of secret bank accounts and shadowy consultants , is how entrenched corruption had become at a sprawling , sophisticated corporation that externally embraced the nostrums of a transparent global marketplace built on legitimate transactions .
Mr. Siekaczek ( pronounced SEE - kah - chek ) says that from 2002 to 2006 he oversaw an annual bribery budget of about $ 40 million to $ 50 million at Siemens .
Company managers and sales staff used the slush fund to cozy up to corrupt government officials worldwide .
Mr. Siekaczek says that from 2002 to 2006 he oversaw an annual bribery budget of about $ 40 million to $ 50 million at Siemens .
The payments , he says , were vital to maintaining the competitiveness of Siemens overseas , particularly in his subsidiary , which sold telecommunications equipment .
" It was about keeping the business unit alive and not jeopardizing thousands of jobs overnight , " he said in an interview .
Siemens is hardly the only corporate giant caught in prosecutors ' cross hairs .
Three decades after Congress passed a law barring American companies from paying bribes to secure foreign business , law enforcement authorities around the world are bearing down on major enterprises like Daimler and Johnson & Johnson , with scores of cases now under investigation .
Both companies declined comment , citing continuing investigations .
Albert J. Stanley , a legendary figure in the oil patch and the former chief executive of the
But the Siemens case is notable for its breadth , the sums of money involved , and the raw organizational zeal with which the company deployed bribes to secure contracts .
It is also a model of something that was once extremely rare : cross - border cooperation among law enforcement officials .
Reinhard Siekaczek was interviewed by PBS FRONTLINE in Munich in September 2008 .
KBR subsidiary of Halliburton , recently pleaded guilty to charges of paying bribes and skimming millions for himself .
More charges are coming in that case , officials say .
But the Siemens case is notable for its breadth , the sums of money involved , and the raw organizational zeal with which the company deployed bribes to secure contracts .
It is also a model of something that was once extremely rare : cross - border cooperation among law enforcement officials .
German prosecutors initially opened the Siemens case in 2005 .
American authorities became involved in 2006 because the company 's shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange .
In its settlement last week with the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission , Siemens pleaded guilty to violating accounting provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , which outlaws bribery abroad .
Although court documents are salted throughout with the word " bribes , " the Justice Department allowed Siemens to plead to accounting violations because it cooperated with the investigation and because pleading to bribery violations would have barred Siemens from bidding on government contracts in the United States .
Siemens does n't dispute the government 's account of its actions .
Matthew W. Friedrich , the acting chief of the Justice Department 's criminal division , called corruption at Siemens " systematic and widespread . "
Linda C. Thomsen , the S.E.C.'s enforcement director , said it was " egregious and brazen . "
Joseph Persichini Jr. , the director of the F.B.I.'s Washington field office , which led the investigation , called it " massive , willful and carefully orchestrated . "
Mr. Siekaczek 's telecommunications unit was awash in easy money .
It paid $ 5 million in bribes to win a mobile phone contract in Bangladesh , to the son of the prime minister at the time and other senior officials , according to court documents .
Mr. Siekaczek 's group also made $ 12.7 million in payments to senior officials in Nigeria for government contracts .
In Argentina , a different Siemens subsidiary paid at least $ 40 million in bribes to win a $ 1 billion contract to produce national identity cards .
In Israel , the company provided $ 20 million to senior government officials to build power plants .
In Venezuela , it was $ 16 million for urban rail lines .
In China , $ 14 million for medical equipment .
And in Iraq , $ 1.7 million to Saddam Hussein and his cronies .
The bribes left behind angry competitors who were shut out of contracts and local residents in poor countries who , because of rigged deals , paid too much for necessities like roads , power plants and hospitals , prosecutors said .
Because government contracting is an opaque process and losers do n't typically file formal protests , it 's difficult to know the identity of competitors who lost out to Siemens .
Companies in the United States have long complained , however , that they face an uneven playing field competing overseas .
All told , Siemens will pay more than $ 2.6 billion to clear its name : $ 1.6 billion in fines and fees in Germany and the United States and more than $ 1 billion for internal investigations and reforms .
Ben W. Heineman Jr. , a former general counsel at General Electric and a member of the American chapter of Transparency International , a nonprofit group that tracks corruption , says the enforcement of some antibribery conventions still remains scattershot .
" Until you have energetic enforcement by the developed - world nations , you wo n't get strong antibribery programs or high - integrity corporate culture , " he said .
Afghanistan , Haiti , Iraq , Myanmar and Somalia are the five countries where corporate bribery is most common , according to Transparency International .
The S.E.C. complaint said Siemens paid its heftiest bribes in China , Russia , Argentina , Israel and Venezuela .
" Crimes of official corruption threaten the integrity of the global marketplace and undermine the rule of law in the host countries , " said Lori Weinstein , the Justice Department prosecutor who oversaw the Siemens case .
All told , Siemens will pay more than $ 2.6 billion to clear its name : $ 1.6 billion in fines and fees in Germany and the United States and more than $ 1 billion for internal investigations and reforms .
Siemens 's general counsel , Peter Y. Solmssen , in an interview outside a marble - lined courtroom in Washington , said the company acknowledged that bribes were at the heart of the case .
" This is the end of a difficult chapter in the company 's history , " he said .
" We 're glad to get it behind us . "
Mr. Siekaczek , who cooperated with German authorities after his arrest in 2006 , has already been sentenced in Germany to two years ' probation and a $ 150,000 fine .
During a lengthy interview in Munich , a few blocks from the Siemens world headquarters , he provided an insider 's account of corruption at the company .
The interview was his first with English - language news outlets .
" I would never have thought I 'd go to jail for my company , " Mr. Siekaczek said .
" Sure , we joked about it , but we thought if our actions ever came to light , we 'd all go together and there would be enough people to play a game of cards . "
Mr. Siekaczek is n't a stereotype of a white - collar villain .
There are no Ferraris in his driveway , or villas in Monaco .
He dresses in jeans , loafers and leather jackets .
With white hair and gold - rimmed glasses , he passes for a kindly grandfather -- albeit one who can discuss the advantages of offshore bank accounts as easily as last night 's soccer match .
Siemens began bribing long before Mr. Siekaczek applied his accounting skills to the task of organizing the payments .
World War II left the company shattered , its factories bombed and its trademark patents confiscated , according to American prosecutors .
The company turned to markets in less developed countries to compete , and bribery became a reliable and ubiquitous sales technique .
" Bribery was Siemens 's business model , " said Uwe Dolata , the spokesman for the association of federal criminal investigators in Germany .
" Siemens had institutionalized corruption . "
Before 1999 , bribes were deductible as business expenses under the German tax code , and paying off a foreign official was not a criminal offense .
Before 1999 , bribes were deductible as business expenses under the German tax code , and paying off a foreign official was not a criminal offense .
In such an environment , Siemens officials subscribed to a straightforward rule in pursuing business abroad , according to one former executive .
They played by local rules .
Inside Siemens , bribes were referred to as " NA " -- a German abbreviation for the phrase " nutzliche Aufwendungen , " which means " useful money . "
Siemens bribed wherever executives felt the money was needed , paying off officials not only in countries known for government corruption , like Nigeria , but also in countries with reputations for transparency , like Norway , according to court records .
In February 1999 , Germany joined the international convention banning foreign bribery , a pact signed by most of the world 's industrial nations .
By 2000 , authorities in Austria and Switzerland were suspicious of millions of dollars of Siemens payments flowing to offshore bank accounts , according to court records .
Rather than comply with the law , Siemens managers created a " paper program , " a toothless internal system that did little to punish wrongdoers , according to court documents .
Mr. Siekaczek 's business unit was one of the most egregious offenders .
Court documents show that the telecommunications unit paid more than $ 800 million of the $ 1.4 billion in illegal payments that Siemens made from 2001 to 2007 .
Managers in the telecommunications group decided to deal with the possibility of a crackdown by making its bribery procedures more difficult to detect .
So , on one winter evening in late 2002 , five executives from the telecommunications group met for dinner at a traditional Bavarian restaurant in a Munich suburb .
Surrounded by dark wood panels and posters celebrating German engineering , the group discussed how to better disguise its payments , while making sure that employees did n't pocket the money , Mr. Siekaczek said .
" It had nothing to do with being law - abiding , because we all knew what we did was unlawful . "
Mr. Siekaczek said .
" What mattered here was that the person put in charge was stable and would n't go astray . "
To handle the business side of bribery , the executives turned to Mr. Siekaczek , a man renowned within the company for his personal honesty , his deep company loyalty -- and his experiences in the shadowy world of illegal bribery .
" It had nothing to do with being law - abiding , because we all knew what we did was unlawful . "
Mr. Siekaczek said .
" What mattered here was that the person put in charge was stable and would n't go astray . "
Although Mr. Siekaczek was reluctant to take the job offered that night , he justified it as economic necessity .
If Siemens did n't pay bribes , it would lose contracts and its employees might lose their jobs .
" We thought we had to do it , " Mr. Siekaczek said .
" Otherwise , we 'd ruin the company . "
Indeed , he considers his personal probity a point of honor .
He describes himself as " the man in the middle , " " the banker " or , with tongue in cheek , " the master of disaster . "
But , he said , he never set up a bribe .
Nor did he directly hand over money to a corrupt official .
German prosecutors say they have no evidence that he personally enriched himself , though German documents show that Mr. Siekaczek oversaw the transfer of some $ 65 million through hard - to - trace offshore bank accounts .
" I was not the man responsible for bribery , " he said .
" I organized the cash . "
Mr. Siekaczek set things in motion by moving money out of accounts in Austria to Liechtenstein and Switzerland , where bank secrecy laws provided greater cover and anonymity .
He said he also reached out to a trustee in Switzerland who set up front companies to conceal money trails from Siemens to offshore bank accounts in Dubai and the British Virgin Islands .
Each year , Mr. Siekaczek said , managers in his unit set aside a budget of about $ 40 million to $ 50 million for the payment of bribes .
For Greece alone , Siemens budgeted $ 10 million to $ 15 million a year .
Bribes were as high as 40 percent of the contract cost in especially corrupt countries .
Typically , amounts ranged from 5 percent to 6 percent of a contract 's value .
The most common method of bribery involved hiring an outside consultant to help " win " a contract .
This was typically a local resident with ties to ruling leaders .
Siemens paid a fee to the consultant , who in turn delivered the cash to the ultimate recipient .
Siemens has acknowledged having more than 2,700 business consultant agreements , so - called B.C.A.'s , worldwide .
Those consultants were at the heart of the bribery scheme , sending millions to government officials .
Mr. Siekaczek was painfully aware that he was acting illegally .
To protect evidence that he did n't act alone , he and a colleague began copying documents stored in a basement at Siemens 's headquarters in Munich that detailed the payments .
He eventually stashed about three dozen folders in a secret hiding spot .
In 2004 , Siemens executives told him that he had to sign a document stating he had followed the company 's compliance rules .
Reluctantly , he signed , but he quit soon after .
He continued to work for Siemens as a consultant before finally resigning in 2006 .
As legal pressure mounted , he heard rumors that Siemens was setting him up for a fall .
The Siemens scheme began to collapse when investigators in several countries began examining suspicious transactions .
" On the inside , I was deeply disappointed .
But I told myself that people were going to be surprised when their plan failed , " Mr. Siekaczek recalled .
" It was n't going to be possible to make me the only one guilty because dozens of people in the business unit were involved .
Nobody was going to believe that one person did this on his own . "
The Siemens scheme began to collapse when investigators in several countries began examining suspicious transactions .
Prosecutors in Italy , Liechtenstein and Switzerland sent requests for help to counterparts in Germany , providing lists of suspect Siemens employees .
German officials then decided to act in one simultaneous raid .
The police knocked on Mr. Siekaczek 's door on the morning of Nov. 15 , 2006 .
Some 200 other officers were also sweeping across Germany , into Siemens 's headquarters in Munich and the homes of several executives .
In addition to Mr. Siekaczek 's detailed payment records , investigators secured five terabytes of data from Siemens 's offices -- a mother lode of information equivalent to five million books .
Mr. Siekaczek turned out to be one of the biggest prizes .
After calling his lawyer , he immediately announced that he would cooperate .
Officials in the United States began investigating the case shortly after the raids became public .
Knowing that it faced steep fines unless it cooperated , Siemens hired an American law firm , Debevoise & Plimpton , to conduct an internal investigation and to work with federal investigators .
As German and American investigators worked together to develop leads , Debevoise and its partners dedicated more than 300 lawyers , forensic analysts and staff members to untangle thousands of payments across the globe , according to the court records .
American investigators and the Debevoise lawyers conducted more than 1,700 interviews in 34 countries .
They collected more than 100 million documents , creating special facilities in China and Germany to house records from that single investigation .
Debevoise and an outside auditor racked up 1.5 million billable hours , according to court documents .
Siemens has said that the internal inquiry and related restructurings have cost it more than $ 1 billion .
Siemens worked hard to purge the company of some senior managers and to reform company policies ...
Klaus Kleinfeld , the company 's C.E.O. , resigned in April 2007 .
Siemens officials " made it crystal clear that they wanted us to get to the bottom of this and follow it wherever the evidence led , " said Bruce E. Yannett , a Debevoise partner .
At the same time , Siemens worked hard to purge the company of some senior managers and to reform company policies .
Several senior managers have been arrested .
Klaus Kleinfeld , the company 's C.E.O. , resigned in April 2007 .
He has denied wrongdoing and is now head of Alcoa , the aluminum giant .
Alcoa said that the company fully supports Mr. Kleinfeld and declined to comment further .
Last year , Siemens said in S.E.C. filings that it had discovered evidence that former officials had misappropriated funds and abused their authority .
In August , Siemens said it seeks to recover monetary damages from 11 former board members for activities related to the bribery scheme .
Negotiations on that matter are continuing .
Earlier this year , Siemens 's current chief executive , Peter Loscher , vowed to make Siemens " state of the art " in anticorruption measures .
" Operational excellence and ethical behavior are not a contradiction of terms , " the company said in a statement .
" We must get the best business -- and the clean business . "
Siemens still faces legal uncertainties .
The Justice Department and German officials said that investigations were continuing and that current and former company officials might face prosecution .
Legal experts say Siemens is the latest in a string of high - profile cases that are changing attitudes about corruption .
Still , they said , much work remains .
" I am not saying the fight against bribing foreign public officials is a fight full of roses and victories , " said Nicola Bonucci , the director of legal affairs for the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development , which is based in Paris and monitors the global economy .
" But I am convinced that it is something more and more people are taking seriously . "
For his part , Mr. Siekaczek is uncertain about the impact of the Siemens case .
After all , he said , bribery and corruption are still widespread .
" People will only say about Siemens that they were unlucky and that they broke the 11th Commandment , " he said .
" The 11th Commandment is : ' Dont get caught . ' "
This article is a joint report by ProPublica , PBS FRONTLINE and The New York Times .
REACTIONS Manumba Ney - Chicago , Illinois
The next step for the Department of Justice should be the unraveling of the largest public works corruption in the history of the United States , the Light Rail Train manufactured by Siemens .
EDMUND GALKE - OAKDALE , NY
I CANNOT SEE HOW SIEMENS HAS BEEN ABLE TO COVER UP ITS PAST HISTORY OF BRIBERY , BRINGING DOWN THE GOVERNMENT OF JAPAN .
THEY ALSO MADE GREAT USE OF BOTH FORCED AND SLAVE LABOR BEFORE AND DURING WORLD WAR 2 AND ITS PRODUCING THE GAS OVENS USED TO MURDER THOUSANDS OF INNOCENT PEOPLE .
THIS IS WHERE A GREAT DEAL OF THE MONIES WERE ACQUIRED TO LAUNCH SIEMENS POST WAR EFFORTS .
THEY EARNED MILLIONS IN ILLEGAL FEES FROM THESE ACTIONS .
THEY ARE STILL USING THESE STRATEGIES TO THE PRESENT .
THANK YOU , ED GALKE .
Richard B - Los Angeles , USA
Yeah , these anti-bribery laws are doing so much good .
I do a great deal of international business and I am watching countries that do not have moralizing qualms snatch up more and more of the deals .
Hmmm ... dallas , tx
Excellent investigative work .
I am sure months and months of effort must have gone into contacting all these people and getting the interviews .
I truly commend frontline for all its work mtl , canada
the y2 K bug we were bought by Siemens .
That was the bug .
They simply destroyed a good family company .
Very happy that they were caught in their bribes deals .
They deserve to loose their name .
London , England
I am impressed by this thorough investigative reporting .
The issue of bribery and how it has robbed the generality of common peoples around the world makes for sombre reading and reflection on the evils of modern capitalism .
Not so long ago , I read about the crusading and exploitative spirit behind merchantilism , a forerunner of modern capitalism .
Still the American government should be applauded for passing the laws that have led to bribery being exposed so far .
The laws could go a step further to have some of the fines reinvested in life improvement of local peoples that may have suffered as a result of the business activities of the companies involved in bribes .
Post Your Reaction First Name
Last Name
City
State ( or Country )
E-Mail Address
Your Comments
You may post this
Please do not post my name
Please do not post this
Sign me up for the FRONTLINE / World newsletter
The payments , he says , were vital to maintaining the competitiveness of Siemens overseas , particularly in his subsidiary , which sold telecommunications equipment .
" It was about keeping the business unit alive and not jeopardizing thousands of jobs overnight , " he said in an interview .
Siemens is hardly the only corporate giant caught in prosecutors ' cross hairs .
Three decades after Congress passed a law barring American companies from paying bribes to secure foreign business , law enforcement authorities around the world are bearing down on major enterprises like Daimler and Johnson & Johnson , with scores of cases now under investigation .
Both companies declined comment , citing continuing investigations .
Albert J. Stanley , a legendary figure in the oil patch and the former chief executive of the
[ / caption ]
The blogosphere and Twitterverse has been buzzing the past couple of days with NASA what - ifs and possibilities .
But that usually happens whenever there are Congressional hearings about our favorite space agency .
Here ’s the run-down of what is really happening :
No extra money has been given to extend the shuttle program as of yet but it is a possibility .
NASA is not going to abandon going to the Moon .
And no , President Obama has n’t named a new NASA administrator yet .
Want the details ?
House and Senate leaders have agreed to authorize $ 2.5 billion to keep the U.S. space shuttle fleet flying through 2011 .
While no money has actually been appropriated for that yet , the extension would happen only if necessary to complete currently planned missions to the international space station .
If another flight were added to the shuttle manifest , it ’s possible the controversial Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer instrument would be brought to the station .
AMS was mothballed after the Columbia accident in 2003 as a cost cutting move , but the because of the international scientific community ’s outcry about cutting the one really exciting science experiment to fly on the space station ( that was mostly paid for by other countries ) last year Congress told NASA to reconsider .
They are supposed to make a decision today .
But the shuttle retirement is controversial from a political point of view because it affects thousands of aerospace industry jobs , not only in Florida , but nationwide .
Retiring the shuttle in 2010 would also give a five year gap ( at least ) until the Orion crew vehicle is ready to fly , making the US dependant on Russia for bringing humans and supplies to the ISS .
This week House and Senate budget conferees agreed on “ the strategic importance of uninterrupted human access to space ” and said the extra $ 2.5 billion is provided “ in anticipation that the funding is needed ” to safely “ complete the construction and equipping ” of the space station .
But some NASA officials and contractors worry that giving more funding to the shuttle program would hamper the efforts for the Constellation program , funneling money away from the new rocket that will help return humans to the moon , hopefully by 2020 .
The Constellation program has already begun shifting gears and figuring out how to make flying by 2015 actually work .
Ian reported last week that the Orion crew size would likely be decreased from six to four , which also makes the spacecraft lighter .
One issue engineers have been facing has been excess weight .
Other reports look like this is likely a done deal .
Speaking of returning to the Moon , Wednesday ’s appropriation hearings created some buzz when Chris Scolese , the agency ’s acting administrator , said he anticipates changes .
Some reports said Scolese gave vague answers .
Others had NASA abandoning the a base on the Moon , but that is likely an exaggeration .
“ I just ca n’t tell you what those changes would be , ” Scolese told members of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Commerce , Justice , Science and Related Agencies .
“ We ’re still looking at options for what do we mean by the moon .
Do we mean a colony on the moon ?
That ’s clearly very expensive .
Are we looking at something along the lines of what we did with Apollo ? ” he said .
But that correlates completely with legislation passed in October , 2008 that says :
“ As NASA works toward the establishment of a lunar outpost , NASA shall make no plans that would require a lunar outpost to be occupied to maintain its viability .
Any such outpost shall be operable as a human - tended facility capable of remote or autonomous operation for extended periods . ”
Scolese also pointed out that the budget overview released earlier this year by President Obama clearly backs the previous administration ’s goal of sending astronauts to the moon by 2020 , a decade after the scheduled retirement of the shuttle fleet .
“ It will probably be less than an outpost on the moon , but where it fits between sorties — single trips to the moon to various parts — and an outpost is really going to be dependent on the studies that we ’re going to be doing , ” he said .
What will really end up happening on the Moon is likely to change over time , just as the Constellation program already appears to be changing .
And finally , the current administration has yet to name a new NASA administrator .
One person whose name had been floating around recently , General Lester Lyles , withdrew himself from consideration Wednesday .
Another name that has surfaced is Lori Garver , former NASA associate administrator who headed Obama ’s space transition team .
Sources : Florida Today , Lunar Network Blog , MSNBC , Wall Street Journal
John Culhane parses the prop 8 ruling :
The majority went on for almost 140 pages .
In brief , their points which I ’ll next explore in somewhat greater depth are these : ( 1 ) The California Constitution is easy to amend , and that ’s not something we can change : ( 2 ) The deprivation of rights is n’t that big a deal , really , because all that ’s been removed by Prop 8 is the word “ marriage ” rather than the rights that go with it ; ( 3 ) Based on precedent and constitutional history , Prop 8 is a permissible amendment to the state ’s constitution not a more substantial revision , which would require prior submission to the legislatures ( and a 2/3 approval ) before going to the voters ; ( 4 ) There ’s no separation of powers problem here : Everyone ’s doing their constitutional job ; and ( 5 ) The Attorney General ’s “ novel ” argument that certain rights are “ inalienable ” and therefore immune from the vagaries of majority rule , has no traction .
It sounds like a reasonable judgment to me .
The job of supporters of equality is now to make the case for real substantive equality - in name as well as form .
And to take that argument to the people of California .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Slide 1 of 11 ,
The Bloomberg administration on Sunday began closing two sections of Broadway to vehicles , from 47th to 42nd Streets and 35th to 33rd Streets , to reduce congestion .
The day before , on Saturday , the traffic driving south on Broadway ( seen from 44th Street ) crowded the street .
Hiroko Masuike for The New York Times
The hybrid revolution is well under way .
Honda is rolling out the new Insight , the third - gen Prius is coming and even Ford 's got a winner with the Fusion Hybrid .
Nice cars one and all , but about as much fun as a root canal .
Not one of them is something you 'd back out of the garage on a Sunday morning to take for a quick blast up your favorite twisty road .
But do n't worry .
Affordable eco-conscious sports cars are coming , and soon .
We were impressed by the Prius , we love the Insight and we 're thrilled to see Toyota rising to Honda 's low - cost challenge with a Yaris - based hybrid .
We 're also eager to get behind the wheel of a Fusion hybrid .
Cars like these are smart answers to thorny questions about fuel efficiency , oil dependence and CO2 emissions .
But they do n't get the blood racing .
If automakers make green cars people want to drive as opposed to cars they think people should drive , everyone wins and the technology catches on that much faster .
Tesla Motors gets it , but the Roadster runs 100 large .
The Fisker Karma and electric Porsche that Ruf is working on wo n't be much cheaper .
Make a green ( er ) car that 's fun to drive , pleasant to look at and affordable and people will line up for them .
The auto industry is beginning to get this , and there are at least three cars - the Honda CR - Z hybrid , the Volkswagen BlueSport Roadster and the Toyota MR2 hybrid - poised to prove sports cars can be environmentally responsible and reasonably priced .
Of the three , only the CR - Z ( main photo , above ) is a sure - thing .
Honda says we 'll see the gas - electric two - seater - which beautifully updates the awesome CRX - in 2011 .
Word is it'll have a 140 - horsepower motor mated to the IMA system found in the Insight and - importantly - a manual transmission .
With a curb weight in the vicinity of 2,800 pounds coupled with a torquey electric motor and one of Honda 's high - revving fours , how could it not be fun ?
We 're eager to see VW build the 42 - mpg Concept BlueSport Roadster it brought to the Detroit auto show .
It 's got an aluminum body , six - speed paddle - shifted DSG transmission and the 2.0 - liter turbodiesel you find under the hood of the Jetta TDI .
Zero to sixty comes in 6.2 seconds and VW says the car is good for 140 mph .
The BlueSport Roadster was a highlight of the show , and VW hinted it could see production in 2011 .
Unfortunately VW has a habit of teasing us with sweet concepts that never see the light of day , but it should build this one .
The concept was assembled with off - the - shelf parts , so development costs would be low , and the car could provide a platform for entry - level models from from corporate siblings Audi and Porsche ( 914 redux , anyone ? ) .
Perhaps most tantalizing is the recent report that Toyota may use a modified Synergy Drive hybrid system from the Prius to build a hybrid version of the MR2 that Toyota killed two years ago .
Auto Express says the car , a response to the CR - Z , will sport rear - wheel drive and a paddle - shifted transmission .
Judging from the rendering over at Auto Express ( it 's copyrighted , so we can't post it here ) , the car would look more like the second - gen MR2 shown above than the third - gen Spyder .
" We are aware of the fondness with which the MR2 is held in the UK and Europe , and we are developing a small hybrid sports car , " Toyota executive vp Masatami Takimoto told the magazine during the Geneva auto show .
" We have set a tough price point ( expected to be about $ 28,000 ) , as it will be easier to sell if it is affordable . "
Yes .
Yes it would , Mr. Takimoto .
There undoubtedly many other eco-friendlier sports cars that automakers could , and perhaps should , build .
Use the Reddit widget below to submit some of your favorites .
Photos : Honda , VW and Flickr / Rockets , respectively .
Submit a car
While you can submit as many cars as you want , you can only submit one every 30 minutes .
No HTML allowed .
Back to top
Members of GSG9 paintball team take up positions during a training session in Rio de Janeiro .
The team named itself after Germany 's elite GSG - 9 anti-terrorism force .
Will these players soon be forced to give up their game ?
Foto : REUTERS
Federal marshals stole city activist Fane Lozman 's home yesterday .
In a true jack - booted thug moment , four armed marshals in black raided Lozman 's houseboat at the Riviera Beach Municipal Marina and towed it down to Miami , leaving Lozman homeless and without all his possessions .
They also seized the former U.S. Marine pilot 's three guns , which he owns legally .
Lozman 's only crime : fighting city hall .
" I do n't even have any clothes to wear , man , " said Lozman , who has been paying rent to live at the city marina for three years .
" All my clothes are on my homesteaded floating home .
I 'm just glad my dog was n't on there . "
The marshals seized the floating home just hours after the City of Riviera Beach filed a federal complaint against Lozman claiming his boat did n't legally belong at the marina .
Before Lozman had any chance to answer the complaint -- in fact , before he was even served with the papers -- U.S. District Judge William Dimitrouleas signed an order to seize it .
The same afternoon , the federal agents raided the home and took it away .
The Palm Beach Post covered the basics in a story this morning .
The hasty action by Dimitrouleas is stunning -- and unconscionable .
How , in this country , can a citizen 's home be taken away without any due process , without even the chance to state his case ?
Unfortunately , Dimitrouleas probably relied solely on the city 's faulty complaint and did n't know the real story .
The city , after all , has had a longstanding grudge with Lozman , who has been fighting the takeover of the historic city marina near Peanut Island by developers .
Then - Mayor Michael Brown , a ridiculously corrupt politico , was bent on giving the marina and a good part of the city to Viking Yacht Co. and Wayne Huizenga to turn it into a playground for the wealthy .
To do that the city planned to use eminent domain to remove hundreds of residents from their homes .
Lozman , a dogged activist if ever there was one , was one of those residents .
Lozman filed suit against the city and found a powerful ally in his fight , then - Gov. Jeb Bush .
In the end , Lozman almost single - handedly killed the $ 2.4 billion plan ( which likely would have been a disaster considering today 's economy ) .
And that apparently earned him the undying enmity of city officials .
In what can only be described as pure political retribution , city police began harassing Lozman and the city sued him for eviction .
The city trumped up some ludicrous reasons to try to kick Lozman out of the marina ( including the absurd allegation that his little dachsund , Lady , was a menace to society ) .
It would have been funny if it was n't such a raw abuse of public power .
Lozman represented himself in court on that case and , for the first time in my career , I voluntarily took the witness stand .
I saw the harassment first - hand and , in fact , came under brief threat of
arrest myself simply for standing near the dock .
It was pure vengeance on the part of the city .
Lozman , a 40 - something millionaire who made his money in the stock market , put on a passionate case to save his home .
This may sound maudlin , but I was never more proud to live in America on the day the jury found in Lozman 's favor .
But the city was n't done .
The city and developer Viking were still planning a takeover of the marina and -- partly for revenge and partly just to make sure Lozman does n't stop them again -- they still wanted Lozman out .
So they came up with a new rule designed to get rid of him and other residents ( all the live - aboards must go sooner or later to satisfy Viking 's takeover plan ) .
The city demanded that all boats in the marina have propulsion so that they can vacate in the event of an emergency .
Lozman 's boat , which is homesteaded , is a floating structure , a home on the water , not a vessel .
It ca n't go anywhere on its own .
Lozman refused to sign the agreement , saying he was grandfathered in and that it was just another unlawful attempt to take away his home ( and the homes of other live - aboards at the marina ) .
And that refusal was the basis the city used yesterday to have the feds seize his home ( the city also claimed Lozman had failed to pay rent , failing to mention that officials had mailed Lozman back his April rent payment ) .
Before Monday 's dramatic development , the city had used another method to try to run off Lozman and a handful of other boaters who had n't signed the B.S. agreement :
It cut off power to their boats .
" ( Riviera Beach ) officials should have given us notice , " fellow live - aboard Vaughn Frye told the Palm Beach Post at the time .
" I had no bathroom , no air - conditioning , no refrigeration .
They told me I was in breach of contract . "
On Friday , Judge Peter Evans , who oversaw Lozman 's eviction trial , ruled that the city must restore power to the boats .
That 's when the city filed the federal complaint and Judge Dimitrouleas ( who presided over the Ken Jenne case ) instantaneously signed the order to seize Lozman 's home .
I am hoping that Dimitrouleas will research this matter , look at the state eviction case , reverse his action , and turn his attention to the city .
As it stands , the judge 's order is a travesty .
Lozman said last night that he 'll fight the city to the end .
He spent last night writing an emergency motion to dismiss the city 's complaint and , as I press send on this post , was driving to federal court in Fort Lauderdale to file it .
" I am going to have to march back into court and try to talk [ Judge Dimitrouleas ] out of doing what he 's doing , " he said .
" I just want to educate the court on the real facts of the situation .
It 's outrageous that this can happen in America . "
A MOST unusual document landed on your correspondent 's desk recently : a financial report from a rainforest .
Iwokrama , a 370,000 - hectare rainforest in central Guyana , announced that it was in profit .
It added , more intriguingly , that rainforests had entered the “ global economy ” .
Iwokrama is part of the largest expanse of undisturbed rainforest in the world , which overlies the Guiana Shield .
It has a unique history .
In 1989 the president of Guyana had the foresight to give the forest as a gift to the Commonwealth for research into global warming .
Today it is administered by an international board of trustees , who have devolved the day - to - day management to the Iwokrama International Centre .
It is this centre that has been working to exploit the forest sustainably .
Edward Glover , one of Iwokrama 's board of trustees , says that it became clear more than a decade ago that the forest could not rely on donor funding to survive , so it had to look elsewhere for finance .
The centre 's first job was to identify the forest 's assets and to exploit them .
It seems to have perfected its art .
Today the centre makes money in areas such as ecotourism , timber - extraction , forest - products such as honey and oils , bio-prospecting and forestry research .
Its results for 2008 reveal that it made a surplus for the first time that year , with revenues of $ 2.4 m and a profit of $ 800,000 .
The previous year it had lost $ 200,000 .
Revenues from timber were up by 44 % , ecotourism by 26 % and training by 22 % .
There should be more money to come .
Eighteen months ago , it sold a licence for the measurement and valuation of the forest 's “ ecosystem services ” .
This is not to say that the forest has actually sold these rights , but that an investment company , Canopy Capital , based in London , has bought the rights to create a financial deal for the forest 's services .
Ecosystem services are what a forest provides merely by existing .
A standing forest can generate rainfall , prevent flooding , regulate the soil , provide biodiversity and store carbon .
These benefits are received by everyone in society , but no one pays for them .
Such environmental services are often termed “ externalities ” because they are not included in the price of the forest .
When forests are traded in a traditional way , their price usually depends only on the value of the timber and the land on which it grows .
No account is taken of the broader services to society .
The result is that forests are being cut down because an incorrect price is put on them .
When forests vanish , people suffer .
That is why many believe that there is an urgent need to bring forests onto the global financial balance sheet .
Last year Pavan Sukhdev , an economist at Deutsche Bank , reported that the world was losing natural capital worth between $ 2 trillion and $ 5 trillion every year as a result of deforestation alone .
If money could be made by selling these ecosystem services , then the financial equation for forests would change .
At the moment , nobody wants to give too much detail about what an eventual deal for Iwokrama 's ecosystem services might look like , as it is currently being negotiated .
Mr Glover says they want to create a new class of asset management , one that includes all of Iwokrama 's services .
It is not just about carbon emissions trading , he says , “ we want something different and imaginative and forward - looking ” .
Rather unusually for a clever financial deal , Hylton Murray - Philipson of Canopy Capital says that when it is completed , they will reveal how they did it so that other people can copy it .
Looking at the value of the carbon sequestration alone , there is a deal to be done .
Mr Murray - Philipson asks “ why pay BP $ 100 a tonne to take carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere and bury it when you can do the same with a rainforest for a fraction of a dollar ? ” .
He adds that the science of forest carbon sequestration is “ definitive ” and that standing forests are responding to higher carbon dioxide levels by “ bulking up ” , and are sequestering between one and four tonnes of the gas per hectare per year .
Even taking the lower figure , with one billion hectares of forest in the world , if the rights to the sequestration of carbon dioxide are sold for just $ 10 a tonne — that would generate $ 10 billion a year .
Iwokrama is making money now , before it has even sold its ecosystem services .
It is already part of the global economy .
But with sustainable forestry and ecosystem services , the lesson of Iwokrama is that rainforests present an opportunity .
For a few bright sparks out there , financial innovation and engineering combined with science will let them generate wealth in a whole new way .
There is money in the forest .
It is growing on trees .
My name is Chris Handwerker .
Amateur radio call sign : KB1WKI I have a Github repository .
I use this blog to keep all of my project notes in one place for future reference .
I share all of my source code , schematics , and notes and hope that they will be useful to others .
As high - definition TVs get cheaper and bigger , many people are discovering that the joys of HDTV are n't always matched by similarly high - quality sound .
In fact , the sound from TV sets ' embedded speakers has arguably gotten worse .
The cathode - ray tube sets of old had plenty of room in them for high - quality speakers , whereas today 's flat sets have much less space .
Less space means less room for the air displacement needed to make big , beefy , well - rounded sound waves , and that means if you want good sound , you 'll need to add a couple hundred bucks to your TV purchase for a nice pair of external speakers .
Now some companies say they have a better way : Transform the front of the TV screen itself into a vibrating membrane , making it in effect a giant , high - fidelity speaker , giving your HDTV an acoustic range that would make Pavarotti proud .
Emo Labs , a Waltham , Massachusetts startup , has created flat , transparent " speakers " that go in front of the display .
And it is not alone in its plans to put good sound right on the face of your TV .
Warwick Audio and NXT Technologies , two British companies , and a Korean firm , Plasma & Ion Beam Corp. , havesimilar plans .
" People are spending a lot of money on these TVs expecting to get great video and audio , " says Allan Evelyn , vice president of business development for Emo Labs .
" And when they get their HDTV they are disappointed to discover their old CRT TV had much better sound . "
" It 's a question of physics , " says Aldo Cugnini , a digital technology consultant with AGC Systems , " and physics usually dictates that the bigger speakers have higher fidelity . "
Not anymore , says Emo Labs .
Wheeling in at least six boxes that contained cables , a prototype 32 - inch TV and a notebook computer , Jason Carlson , CEO of Emo Labs joined Evelyn in showing Wired.com an impressive demo .
Every note of Diana Krall 's Live in Paris coming straight from the HDTV sounded like it had been piped through a Bose speaker system .
" With our flat embedded speakers the sounds come from the screen , almost like what you get in motion picture theaters , " says Carlson .
Traditional speakers have three fundamental components : a cone that pushes the air , a voice coil that is an electromagnet and a permanent magnet that can attract or repel the voice coil .
When the coil moves , it pushes and pulls on the cone .
This , in turn , vibrates the air in front , creating sound waves .
But with thinner or smaller displays there is not enough room to create that displacement resulting in a ' tinny ' and weak sound .
" Manufacturers are challenged for real estate on a display and they want it to be as thin as possible , " says Cugnini .
" That means they can put the speakers behind the display or at the bottom , both which are not ideal . "
The best sound field , say experts , comes from the spaces in front of the speaker and the screen .
For HDTV buyers , this can be a significant annoyance .
HDTVs larger than 50 inches are usually connected to external speakers to create a home theater system .
But smaller screens tend to be standalone , forcing users to accept poor audio as part of the package , says Evelyn .
The problem is also a result of how most consumers buy their HDTVs .
Retail stores currently hook up rows of HDTVs in a bid to compare the picture quality .
There 's no place there to determine the sound quality on each .
" Quite often the video is running on as many of these screens simultaneously and the sound is n't , " says Cugnini .
" And even if it is , it 's not a good determination of how that audio will translate in your bedroom or living room . "
Emo Labs uses a thin membrane made of polyethylene terephthalate ( or PET , a plastic used in bottles ) and two piezoelectric actuators .
The actuators vibrate the membrane along the side , creating a force that is perpendicular to the motion .
Emo Labs says it is negotiating with display manufacturers to embed its technology that users can see in TVs in the next nine months to a year .
Meanwhile , researchers at the University of Warwick hope to commercialize their flexible speaker technology by the end of the year .
Warwick Audio has created ultra - thin ( 0.2 mm thick ) laminate panels that can be used to replace traditional magnet - and - cone speakers .
Unlike Emo's , Warwick 's speaker panels are not transparent .
The company hopes to use them largely in public address system and displays .
The better sound quality will , however , come at price .
Having a membrane in front of the display will result in about 4 percent loss in brightness , says Carlson .
And then there 's the additional cost that stems from making the switch to the new tech .
Eventually customers will have to pay more for their enhanced audio TV sets .
" Newer technologies cost more to implement so the street price of the TV will go up , " says Cugnini .
Emo Labs estimates its speakers would add a 10 - 15 percent premium to cost .
But would n't that be a small price to pay if Matt Giraud can sound better on American Idol , or Jack Bauer 's car chases on * 24 * boom just that much louder ?
Top Photo : University of Warwick creates flat , flexible speaker / University of Warwick
Researchers made the discovery after investigating why perfect pitch was rare in Europe and the US even among musicians – with only one in 10,000 said to the have the gift – while in certain parts of China it was very common .
Some phone users can’t commit to monthly plans .
Instead these so - called prepaid users pay for buckets of minutes — effectively paying as they go .
Some subset of this group , AT&T ’s market research indicates , wo n’t even commit to minutes — hence a new product offering .
Starting Monday , AT&T will offer prepaid users the ability to pay $ 3 to make unlimited local and long - distance calls for one day .
Pay $ 3 online in the morning , use the phone all day , then hang up and be done with it .
Mark Siegel , a spokesman for AT&T , said the theory behind the offering is that “ prepaid callers are heterogeneous . ”
Mr. Siegel said the company did not expect the plan ’s potential customers to come from any particular age group or demographic .
Rather , he said , “ it ’s for people who want to use the phone for a day without counting minutes . ”
Obviously there has been growth in the use of prepaid calling plans .
But something else may be at work here too .
As network operators , like AT&T , get more sophisticated , they are able to introduce a growing number of billing plans and product offerings that slice and dice the way their networks are used .
In a conversation I had yesterday with Glenn Lurie , AT&T ’s president of emerging devices , he mentioned the way business models and payment models are changing , perhaps even entering a phase of experimentation and chaos .
Expect more offerings for consumers with widely varying habits and tastes , including commitment phobias .
The MN Contest Court 's air - tight , 68 - page decision leaves no room for doubt : Franken won ;
But when will he be seated ?
We take a look at his options ...
Ernest A. Canning Byon
4/16/2009 , 3:48 pm PT
Guest Blogged by Ernest A. Canning
“ This long delay in the seating of Minnesota ’s second U.S. Senator has come at a time when our state badly needs help from Washington .
Since Election Day , Minnesota has lost 56,000 jobs .
Since Election
Day more than 9,000 Minnesota families have lost their homes to foreclosure . ”
-- Senator - elect Al Franken ( D - MN ) , 4/13/09 statement
The Monday , April 13 , 2009 decision [ PDF ] came as as no surprise , certainly not here at The BRAD BLOG where we concluded on Feb. 22 , 2009 that former Sen. Norm Coleman ’s legal challenge to the Jan. 5 , 2009 bi-partisan MN state canvassing board 's determination that Al Franken had won the U.S. Senate election was “ dead in its tracks . ”
Earlier this month , at a time when the mainstream media got it wrong , we accurately reported that the April 7 , 2009 order [ PDF ] meant that the last of the lawfully cast votes had been counted ; that Franken won , and ; Coleman lost .
We went on to predict that the three - judge panel would likely “ provide a written explanation of its denial of any other relief … when it enters a final judgment … ”
We added : “ But make no mistake .
There are no more votes to be counted .
312 votes is the margin of victory for Al Franken over Norm Coleman . ”
In fact , there were no more votes to be counted , as we reported , even as the bulk of the rest of the media hedged their bets .
So with the votes all tallied determining that Franken was the victor , and Coleman lacking any legitimate legal recourse , what are Franken 's legal and political options , and when might he finally take his rightful seat in the U.S. Senate ?...
Franken 's Clear Victory
AP 's bizarre Coleman - friendly reportage on it notwithstanding , the three - judge panel 's April 13th final decision was clear , concise and unambiguous on the ultimate question of victory or defeat :
Franken received the highest number of lawfully cast ballots in the November 4 , 2008 general election for United States Senator and is entitled to receive the certificate of election .
While the outcome came , to us at least , as no surprise , the court 's latest , 68 - page decision stands out as an exquisite piece of judicial craftsmanship .
Every one of Coleman ’s factual and legal arguments was carefully inspected , dissected ; exposed for its lack of substance and then discarded .
The court noted , for example , that while Coleman alleged in his Notice of Contest “ that county election officials wrongfully accepted absentee ballots that were opened and counted on Election Day , ” Coleman “ failed to identify any such ballots in response to [ Franken ’s ] interrogatories ” and that the court “ received no evidence that these votes would have changed the outcome … .
No evidence was presented … that facially invalid ballots were wrongfully included in the vote totals certified by the Board . ”
Time and again ; issue - after - issue , team Coleman failed to meet its burden of proof .
Franken 's attorneys had it right when they described the Coleman case as " Big boat ; no Walleye . "
The court took out a scalpel ; then gutted Coleman ’s equal protection argument .
Neither minor errors , variances in resources / equipment at the local level nor the fact that procedures vary somewhat from county - to - county make for an equal protection violation .
Bush v
Gore , the three - judge panel observed , was self - limited to the unique circumstances of the prematurely stopped Florida 2000 recount .
It provides no support for Coleman ’s effort to negate the vote on equal protection grounds .
There , the problem was attempting to meet Florida ’s “ intent of the voter ” requirement in “ the absence of specific standards to ensure its equal application . ”
Minnesota , by contrast , has “ state - wide standards governing absentee voting ” that are “ uniform and explicit and apply in every county and city in the state , " the three - judge election panel pointed out in their Monday decision .
" The Court heard compelling testimony that election officials and election judges throughout the state ’s 87 counties and 4,128 polling stations were trained under a comprehensive training program based upon Minnesota law .... ”
The court made an express finding that “ local officials and election judges operated under the same standards on Election Day . ”
Yet Coleman attorney , Ben Ginsberg , has vowed to appeal , asserting that 4,400 Minnesotans were " wrongly disenfranchised . "
By this , Ginsberg is referring to the three - judge panel 's February 13 , 2009 ruling which found that Minnesota 's strict standards for the opening and counting of absentee - ballots must be applied on a ballot - by - ballot basis .
Ginsberg will be appealing this ruling to a MN Supreme Court which , in Coleman v Ritchie ( March 6 , 2009 ) , already ruled [ PDF ] that those strict standards must be applied .
Good luck with that , Mr. Ginsberg .
So there you have it .
While the numbers in this election may have been close , the so - called " contest " was a one - sided affair .
Franken 's Options
So what are the real options --- legal , political and realpolitik --- for the Senator - elect at this point ?
The New York Times , which has now joined with former Republican Congressman and MSNBC host , Joe Scarborough , in telling Coleman to " give it up , " ( see video at right ) reported that Franken , by choice , has adopted a low profile , evading discourse with the national media as both he and Coleman occupy a " political twilight . "
The key question is whether , in the wake of his smashing judicial victory , a mostly self - imposed silence , punctuated by the exception embodied in the quote at the beginning of this piece , reflects the wisest political strategy .
Franken 's self - inflicted national media silence must be contrasted not only to team Coleman 's ubiquitous posturing about equal protection and 4,400 allegedly disenfranchised voters , but to the strident threat from the Republican hard - right , led by the chair of the Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee ( RSCC ) , Sen .
John Cornyn's ( R - TX ) , threat to launch WW III if Senate Democrats try to seat Franken before Coleman 's frivolous legal challenges are eventually exhausted in lengthy federal court proceedings .
In a recent op - ed , Paul Krugman , observed :
Republicans have become embarrassing to watch .
And it does n’t feel right to make fun of crazy people ....
But here ’s the thing : the G.O.P. looked as crazy 10 or 15 years ago as it does now .
That did n’t stop Republicans from taking control of both Congress and the White House .
And they could return to power if the Democrats stumble .
Right now , the agenda of these crazies --- and yes , the RSCC have exposed themselves as " stolen election " conspiracy theorist crazies --- is to block the seating of a 59th member of the Senate Democratic caucus in order to enhance their ability to filibuster any and all of the Senate Democrats ' agenda .
In the face of insanity , Franken 's silence may not be golden .
One course open to Franken is to leave the legal issues to his very able attorneys ; travel to Washington where he could begin lobbying Senate Democrats ( and the few reasonable Republicans ) to put an immediate end to the hard - right 's pseudo - legal charade .
The U.S. Senate has the plenary power , as granted by the U.S. Constitution , and as confirmed already by the MN Supreme Court , to seat Franken any time they wish .
They can do so with or without certification from Minnesota ’s Governor and Secretary of State .
The three - judge panel ’s meticulous decision supports such a course of action .
The court did more than simply declare Franken the winner .
It revealed that any further legal appeals must be considered frivolous and solely intended to cause unnecessary delay .
But there is a political downside .
Under Minnesota law , neither Governor Pawlenty nor Secretary of State Ritchie , can certify the election until Coleman abandons his promised appeal , or until he loses in the Minnesota Supreme Court .
While the Coleman legal challenge has no leg to stand on , further lobbying prior to the MN Supreme 's anticipated rejection of the Coleman appeal would open Franken to the charge that he is attempting to evade the letter of the very state laws which formed the cornerstone of his victory .
Given the expedited manner in which the Minnesota Supreme Court has handled previous appeals , a final state court decision , again declaring Franken the winner , may well issue within a couple months of a Coleman appeal .
Pawlenty would then risk a major backlash from Minnesota voters in the next election --- and , indeed from national voters , as he 's considered a serious contender for the 2012 GOP Presidential nomination --- should he join with the crazies in refusing to certify until Coleman had exhausted his challenges in federal court .
The MN Supreme 's could also order that Franken 's certification be signed by both Pawlenty and the Democratic Sec. of State Mark Ritchie .
In either case , Franken , at that point , would be in a solid position --- legally and politically --- to then lobby the Senate hard and directly for an immediate seating , even if Coleman chooses to continue his fool 's errand with an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court .
A declaration by the Minnesota Supreme Court that Franken lawfully won the election would , hopefully , encourage any reasonable Republican Senators , presuming there still are any , to put nation before party and refuse to filibuster .
Unfortunately , even by then , Democrats may have to find two such reasonable Republicans in the chamber , instead of just one , as will be the case after Senator Franken is finally seated .
===
Ernest A. Canning has been an active member of the California State Bar since 1977 and has practiced in the fields of civil litigation and workers ' compensation at both the trial and appellate levels .
He graduated from Southwestern University School of Law where he served as a student director of the clinical studies department and authored the Law Review Article , Executive Privilege : Myths & Realities .
He received an MA in political science at Cal State University Northridge and a BA in political science from UCLA .
He is also a Vietnam vet ( 4th infantry , Central Highlands 1968 ) .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Former Labour leader Lord Kinnock has challenged an unrepentant Carol Thatcher about her use of the word " golliwog " .
The daughter of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher referred to a tennis player as a " golliwog " backstage during filming of the BBC's The One Show earlier this year .
Carol Thatcher and Lord Kinnock were appearing on the Andrew Marr Show when they discussed the use of the word .
NVIDIA ® Tesla® GPUs deliver supercomputing performance at a lower power , lower cost , and using many fewer servers than standard CPU - only compute systems .
Powering the world ’s leading Supercomputers , Microway designs customized GPU clusters , servers , and WhisperStations based on NVIDIA Tesla and NVIDIA Quadro® GPUs .
We have been selected as the vendor of choice for a number of NVIDIA GPU Research Centers , including Carnegie Mellon University , Harvard , Johns Hopkins and Massachusetts General Hospital .
NVIDIA A100 GPU NVIDIA A100 – A Massive Leap for Every Workload Integrated in Microway Navion and NumberSmasher GPU Servers
Specifications
Up to 9.7 TFLOPS double - and 19.5 TFLOPS single - precision floating - point performance
Up to 19.5 TFLOPS Tensor Core double - and 156 TFLOPS Tensor Core single - precision floating - point performance
Up to 312 Tensor TFLOPS of Deep Learning Performance ( FP16 Tensor Core )
NVIDIA Ampere™ GPU architecture
3rd Generation NVIDIA NVLink interface , with 600 GB / sec bi-directional bandwidth to the GPU ( 12 NVLink bricks )
6912 FP32 CUDA cores , 432 Ampere Tensor Cores
40 GB on - die HBM2 GPU memory
Memory bandwidth up to 1,555 GB /s
NVIDIA NVLink™ GPU : GPU interface and PCI -E Gen4 link to system
Available in double - width PCI -E card and proprietary SXM4 form factors
Passive heatsink only , suitable for specially - designed GPU servers Tesla V100 GPU Tesla V100 – Advanced Datacenter GPU , for AI & HPC Integrated in Microway NumberSmasher and OpenPOWER GPU Servers & GPU Clusters Specifications Up to 7.8 TFLOPS double - and 15.7 TFLOPS single - precision floating - point performance
Up to 125 Tensor TFLOPS of Deep Learning Performance ( FP16 Tensor Core )
NVIDIA Volta™ GPU architecture
5120 CUDA cores , 620 Tensor Cores
16GB or 32 GB of on - die HBM2 GPU memory
Memory bandwidth up to 900GB / s
NVIDIA NVLink™ or PCI -E x16 Gen3 interface to system
Available with enhanced NVLink interface , with 300GB / sec bi-directional bandwidth to the GPU
Passive heatsink only , suitable for specially - designed GPU servers Tesla T4 GPU Tesla T4 – Price / performance for AI and Single Precision Integrated in Microway NumberSmasher and Navion GPU Servers & GPU Clusters Specifications Up to 8.1 TFLOPS single - precision floating - point performance
Up to 65 TensorTFLOPS of Deep Learning Training Performance ; 260 INT4 TOPS of Inference Performance
NVIDIA “ Turing ” TU104 graphics processing unit ( GPU )
2560 CUDA cores , 320 Tensor Cores
16GB of GDDR6 GPU memory
Memory bandwidth up to 320GB / s
PCI -E x16 Gen3 interface to system
Passive heatsink only , suitable for specially - designed GPU servers
Unique features available in the latest NVIDIA GPUs include :
High - speed , on - die GPU memory
NVLink interconnect speeds up data transfers up to 10X over PCI - Express
speeds up data transfers up to 10X over PCI - Express Unified Memory allows applications to directly access the memory of all GPUs and all of system memory
allows applications to directly access the memory of all GPUs and all of system memory Direct CPU - to - GPU NVLink connectivity on OpenPOWER systems support NVLink transfers between the CPUs and GPUs
on OpenPOWER systems support NVLink transfers between the CPUs and GPUs ECC memory error protection – meets a critical requirement for computing accuracy and reliability in data centers and supercomputing centers .
– meets a critical requirement for computing accuracy and reliability in data centers and supercomputing centers .
System monitoring features – integrate the GPU subsystem with the host system ’s monitoring and management capabilities such as IPMI .
IT staff can manage the GPU processors in the computing system with widely - used cluster / grid management tools .
Many of the most popular applications already feature GPU support .
Your own applications may take advantage of GPU acceleration through several different avenues :
“ Drop - in ” GPU - accelerated libraries – provide high - speed implementations of the functions your application currently executes on CPUs .
– provide high - speed implementations of the functions your application currently executes on CPUs .
OpenACC / OpenMP
Compiler directives – allow you to quickly add GPU acceleration to the most performance critical sections of your application while maintaining portability .
– allow you to quickly add GPU acceleration to the most performance critical sections of your application while maintaining portability .
CUDA integrated with C , C++ or Fortran – provides maximum performance and flexibility for your applications .
Third - party language extensions are available for a host of languages , including Java , Mathematica , MATLAB , Perl and Python .
Tesla GPU computing solutions fit seamlessly into your existing workstation or HPC infrastructure enabling you to solve problems orders - of - magnitude faster .
Call a Microway Sales Engineer for Assistance : 508.746.7341 or
Click Here to Request More Information .
With a conventional netbook clearly out of the question , researchers for Piper Jaffray said Thursday there 's mounting evidence to suggest Apple next year will introduce its own take on the market in the form of a tablet - based device that will sell for $ 700 or less .
" Between indications from our component contacts in Asia , recent patents relating to multi - touch sensitivity for more complex computing devices , comments from [ chief operating officer ]
Tim Cook on the April 22nd conference call , and Apple 's acquisition of P.A. Semi along with other recent chip - related hires , it is increasingly clear that Apple is investing more in its mobile computing franchise , " analyst Gene Munster and his team wrote in lengthy research note to clients .
More specifically , the analyst said these investments will likely culminate with the launch of a touch - screen tablet with a display somewhere between 7 - and 10 - inches at a special event sometime in the first half of 2010 .
Such a move , he added , would be consistent with management 's comments that Cupertino - based company has no interest in catering to the existing segment for " cheap " miniaturized notebooks and its spoken desire to differentiate in a market currently dominated by cramped computers with razor thin margins and a subpar user experience .
Thus far , Munster 's contacts in the component supply chain have not seen a prototype of the device but say there 's ongoing discussions between the company and its suppliers about the parts that will eventually be required to build the product .
For his part , the analyst believes the device will end up retailing somewhere in the range of $ 500 - $ 700 , bridging the gap between the $ 399 iPod touch and the $ 999 MacBook .
He expects that it will be driven by a proprietary microprocessor designed in - house by engineers Apple adopted in the acquisition of P.A. Semi and others it 's known to have hired in recent months .
Apple has also been consistent in its communications that software will play a vital role in any and all of its efforts to achieve success in the mobile space , and therefore Munster anticipates that the tablet will run an operating system more robust than the iPhone 's but optimized for multi-touch , unlike Mac OS X .
He envisions a new " hybrid " piece of software that would meld traits from both its Mac - based OS and the one that runs on both the iPhone and iPod touch .
" The device 's OS could bear a close resemblance to Apple 's iPhone OS and run App Store apps , " the analyst wrote .
" Apple could possibly introduce a second screen resolution into the iPhone OS software development kit ( SDK ) , enabling developers to build apps specifically for the larger tablet device . "
The larger screen real estate offered by a tablet could also pave the way for more than one iPhone application to run simultaneously in unaltered form .
" Key apps , like Safari and Mail , could make use of the larger screen resolution , making Apple 's tablet appealing for more extended use , but the company could continue to leverage its primary asset in mobile computing , the App Store , in this scenario , " he explained .
Alternatively , Munster said Apple may be working on a customized version of Mac OS X for traditional computers that would be optimized for its multi - touch platform .
Such an effort would be extensive and time consuming , even if it 's already underway , and therefore the analyst believes it may not be ready for consumption until sometime next year .
" In other words , we expect the end result of the expected product to be launched later but with more dramatic differentiation than the Street is expecting , " he wrote .
" Another important possibility for the tablet that we expect Apple to launch in 2010 is that of wireless carrier subsidies . "
Apple has become all too familiar and rather comfortable with subsidy pricing on its iPhone 3G , and Munster believes the company may take a similar approach to sales of the tablet .
He also points to recent media reports about ongoing talks with Verizon wireless , which lead him to believe the company " could include an integrated mobile data feature such as 3G wireless into the device and partner with AT or Verizon to subsidize the device together with a contract for a wireless data plan . "
The Piper Jaffray analyst also told clients that a tablet device could pave the way for Apple to get more serious about eBooks and give devices like the Kindle and Kindle DX from online retailer Amazon.com some unwanted competition .
" While we do not expect this to be a core selling point for the device , it would make sense for Apple to develop an electronic reading app for the device ( and possibly for iPhones and iPod touches too ) along with digital books sold on the iTunes Store , " he wrote .
The July / August 2020 issue of acmqueue is out now
Subscribers and ACM Professional members login here
PDF
May 11 , 2009
Volume 7 , issue 4
Whither Sockets ?
High bandwidth , low latency , and multihoming challenge the sockets API .
George V. Neville - Neil
One of the most pervasive and longest - lasting interfaces in software is the sockets API .
Developed by the Computer Systems Research Group at the University of California at Berkeley , the sockets API was first released as part of the 4.1c BSD operating system in 1982 .
While there are longer - lived APIs — for example , those dealing with Unix file I / O — it is quite impressive for an API to have remained in use and largely unchanged for 27 years .
The only major update to the sockets API has been the extension of ancillary routines to accommodate the larger addresses used by IPv6.2
The Internet and the networking world in general have changed in very significant ways since the sockets API was first developed , but in many ways the API has had the effect of narrowing the way in which developers think about and write networked applications .
This article begins by briefly examining some of the conditions present when the sockets API was developed and considers how those conditions shaped the way in which networking code was written .
The remainder of the article looks at ways in which developers have tried to get around some of the inherent limitations in the API and talks about the future of sockets in a changing networked world .
The two biggest differences between the networks of 1982 and 2009 are topology and speed .
For the most part it is the increase in speed rather than the changes in topology that people notice .
The maximum bandwidth of a commercially available long - haul network link in 1982 was 1.5 Mbps .
The Ethernet LAN , which was being deployed at the same time , had a speed of 10 Mbps .
A home user — and there were very few of these — was lucky to have a 300 - bps connection over a phone line to any computing facility .
The round - trip time between two machines on a local area network was measured in tens of milliseconds , and between systems over the Internet in hundreds of milliseconds , depending of course on location and the number of hops a packet would be subjected to when being routed between machines .
( For a graphic of how the early Internet looked , visit personalpages.manchester.ac.uk/.../m.dodge/.../arpanet4.gif. )
The topology of networks at the time was relatively simple .
Most computers had a single connection to a local area network ; the LAN was connected to a primitive router that might have a few connections to other LANs and a single connection to the Internet .
For one application to another application , the connection was either across a LAN or transiting one or more routers , called IMPs ( Internet message passing ) .
History of Sockets
The model of distributed programming that came to be most popularized by the sockets API was the client / server model , in which there is a server and a set of clients .
The clients send messages to the server to ask it to do work on their behalf , wait for the server to do the work requested , and at some later point receive an answer .
This model of computing is now so ubiquitous it is often the only model with which many software engineers are familiar .
At the time it was designed , however , it was seen as a way of extending the Unix file I /O model over a computer network .
One other factor that focused the sockets API down to the client / server model was that the most popular protocol it supported was TCP , which has an inherently 1:1 communication model .
The sockets API made the client / server model easy to implement because of the small number of extra system calls that programmers would need to add to their non-networked code so it could take advantage of other computing resources .
While other models are possible , with the sockets API the client / server model is the one that has come to dominate networked computing .
Although the sockets API has more entry points than those shown here , it is these five that are central to the API and that differentiate it from regular file I/O :
socket ( ) Create a communication endpoint bind ( )
Bind the endpoint to some set of network layer parameters listen ( )
Set a limit on the number of outstanding work requests accept ( )
Accept one or more work requests from a client connect ( )
Contact a server to submit a work request
In reality the socket ( ) call could have been dropped and replaced with a variant of open ( ) , but this was not done at the time .
The socket ( ) and open ( ) calls actually return the same thing to a program : a process - unique file descriptor that is used in all subsequent operations with the API .
It is the simplicity of the API that has led to its ubiquity , but that ubiquity has held back the development of alternative or enhanced APIs that could help programmers develop other types of distributed programs .
Client / server computing had many advantages at the time that it was developed .
It allowed many users to share resources , such as large storage arrays and expensive printing facilities , while keeping these facilities within the control of the same departments that had once run mainframe computing facilities .
With this model of sharing , it was possible to increase the utilization of what at the time were expensive resources .
Three disparate areas of networking are not well served by the sockets API : low - latency or realtime applications ; high - bandwidth applications ; and multihomed systems — that is , those with multiple network interfaces .
Many people confuse increasing network bandwidth with higher performance , but increasing bandwidth does not necessarily reduce latency .
The challenge for the sockets API is giving the application faster access to network data .
The way in which any program using the sockets API sends and receives data is via calls to the operating system .
All of these calls have one thing in common : the calling program must repeatedly ask for data to be delivered .
In the world of client / server computing these constant requests make perfect sense , because the server cannot do anything without a request from the client .
It makes little sense for a print server to call a client unless the client has something it wishes to print .
What , however , if the service being provided is music or video distribution ?
In a media distribution service there may be one or more sources of data and many listeners .
For as long as the user is listening to or viewing the media , the most likely case is that the application will want whatever data has arrived .
Specifically requesting new data is a waste of time and resources for the application .
The sockets API does not provide the programmer a way in which to say , " Whenever there is data for me , call me to process it directly . "
Sockets programs are instead written from the viewpoint of a dearth of , rather than a wealth of , data .
Network programs are so used to waiting on data that they use a separate system call , select ( ) , so that they can listen to multiple sources of data without blocking on a single request .
The typical processing loop of a sockets - based program is n't simply read ( ) , process ( ) , read ( ) , but instead select ( ) , read ( ) , process ( ) , select ( ) .
Although the addition of a single system call to a loop would not seem to add much of a burden , this is not the case .
Each system call requires arguments to be marshaled and copied into the kernel , as well as causing the system to block the calling process and schedule another .
If data were available to the caller when it invoked select ( ) , then all of the work that went into crossing the user / kernel boundary would be wasted because a read ( ) would have returned data immediately .
The constant check / read / check is wasteful unless the time between successive requests is quite long .
Solving this problem requires inverting the communication model between an application and the operating system .
Various attempts to provide an API that allows the kernel to call directly into a program have been proposed but none has gained wide acceptance — for a few reasons .
The operating systems that existed at the time the sockets API was developed were , except in very esoteric circumstances , single threaded and executed on single - processor computers .
If the kernel had been fitted with an up - call API , there would have been the problem of which context the call could have executed in .
Having all other work on a system pause because the kernel was executing an up - call into an application would have been unacceptable , particularly in timesharing systems with tens to hundreds of users .
The only place in which such a software architecture did gain currency was in embedded systems and networked routers where there were no users and no virtual memory .
The issue of virtual memory compounds the problems of implementing a kernel up - call mechanism .
The memory allocated to a user process is virtual memory , but the memory used by devices such as network interfaces is physical .
Having the kernel map physical memory from a device into a user - space program breaks one of the fundamental protections provided by a virtual memory system .
Attempts to Overcome Performance Issues
A couple of different mechanisms have been proposed and sometimes implemented on various operating systems to overcome the performance issues present in the sockets API .
One such mechanism is zero -copy sockets .
Anyone who has worked on a network stack knows that copying data kills the performance of networking protocols .
Therefore , to improve the speed of networked applications that are more interested in high bandwidth than in low latency , the operating system is modified to remove as many data copies as possible .
Traditionally , an operating system performs two copies for each packet received by the system .
The first copy is performed by the network driver from the network device 's memory into the kernel 's memory , and the second is performed by the sockets layer in the kernel when the data is read by the user program .
Each of these copy operations is expensive because it must occur for each message that the system receives .
Similarly , when the program wants to send a message , data must be copied from the user 's program into the kernel for each message sent ; then that data will be copied into the buffers used by the device to transmit it on the network .
Most operating - system designers and developers know that data copying is anathema to system performance and work to minimize such copies within the kernel .
The easiest way for the kernel to avoid a data copy is to have device drivers copy data directly into and out of kernel memory .
On modern network devices this is a result of how they structure their memory .
The driver and kernel share two rings of packet descriptors — one for transmit and one for receive — where each descriptor has a single pointer to memory .
The network device driver initially fills these rings with memory from the kernel .
When data is received , the device sets a flag in the correct receive descriptor and tells the kernel , usually via an interrupt , that there is data waiting for it .
The kernel then removes the filled buffer from the receive descriptor ring and replaces it with a fresh buffer for the device to fill .
The packet , in the form of the buffer , then moves through the network stack until it reaches the socket layer , where it is copied out of the kernel when the user 's program calls read ( ) .
Data sent by the program is handled in a similar way by the kernel , in that kernel buffers are eventually added to the transmit descriptor ring and a flag is then set to tell the device that it can place the data in the buffer on the network .
All of this work in the kernel leaves the last copy problem unsolved ; several attempts have been made to extend the sockets API to remove this copy operation .
3,1
The problem remains as to how memory can safely be shared across the user / kernel boundary .
The kernel cannot give its memory to the user program , because at that point it loses control over the memory .
A user program that crashes may leave the kernel without a significant chunk of usable memory , leading to system performance degradation .
There are also security issues inherent in sharing memory buffers across the kernel / user boundary .
At this point there is no single answer to how a user program might achieve higher bandwidth using the sockets API .
For programmers who are more concerned with latency than with bandwidth , even less has been done .
The only significant improvement for programs that are waiting for a network event has been the addition of a set of kernel events that a program can wait on .
Kernel events , or kevents ( ) , are an extension of the select ( ) mechanism to encompass any possible event that the kernel might be able to tell the program about .
Before the advent of kevents ( ) , a user program could call select ( ) on any file descriptor , which would let the program know when any of a set of file descriptors was readable , writable , or had an error .
When programs were written to sit in a loop and wait on a set of file descriptors — for example , reading from the network and writing to disk — the select ( ) call was sufficient , but once a program wanted to check for other events , such as timers and signals , select ( ) no longer served .
The problem for low - latency applications is that kevents ( ) do not deliver data ; they deliver only a signal that data is ready , just as the select ( ) call did .
The next logical step would be to have an event - based API that also delivers data .
There is no good reason to have the application cross the user / kernel boundary twice simply to get the data that the kernel knows the application wants .
Lack of Support for Multihoming
The sockets API not only presents performance problems to the application writer , but also narrows the type of communication that can take place .
The client / server paradigm is inherently a 1:1 type of communication .
Although a server may handle requests from a diverse group of clients , each client has only one connection to a single server for a request or set of requests .
In a world in which each computer had only one network interface , that paradigm made perfect sense .
A connection between a client and server is identified by a quad of < Source IP , Source Port , Destination IP , Destination Port > .
Since services generally have a well - known destination port ( e.g. , 80 for HTTP ) , the only value that can easily vary is the source port , since the IP addresses are fixed .
In the Internet of 1982 each machine that was not a router had only a single network interface , meaning that to identify a service , such as a remote printer , the client computer needed a single destination address and port and had , itself , only a single source address and port to work with .
The idea that a computer might have multiple ways of reaching a service was too complicated and far too expensive to implement .
Given these constraints , there was no reason for the sockets API to expose to the programmer the ability to write a multihomed program — one that could manage which interfaces or connections mattered to it .
Such features , when they were implemented , were a part of the routing software within the operating system .
The only way programs could , eventually , get access to them was through an obscure set of nonstandard kernel APIs called a routing socket .
On a system with multiple network interfaces it is not possible , using the standard sockets API , to write an application that can easily be multihomed — that is , take advantage of both interfaces so that if one were to fail , or if the primary route over which the packets were flowing were to break , the application would not lose its connection to the server .
The recently developed SCTP ( Stream Control Transport Protocol ) 4 incorporates support for multihoming at the protocol level , but it is impossible to export this support through the sockets API .
Several ad - hoc system calls were initially provided and are the only way to access this functionality .
At the moment this is the only protocol that has both the capacity and user demand for this feature , so the API has not been standardized across more than a few operating systems .
The table here lists the APIs that SCTP added .
API Explanation sctp_bindx ( )
Bind or unbind an SCTP socket to a list of addresses sctp_connectx ( )
Connect an SCTP socket with multiple destination addresses sctp_generic_recvmsg ( )
Receive data from a peer sctp_generic_sendmsg ( ) , sctp_generic_sendmsg_iov()
Send data to a peer sctp_getaddrlen ( )
Return the address length of an address family sctp_getassocid ( ) Return an association ID for a specified socket address sctp_getpaddrs ( ) , sctp_getladdrs ( )
Return a list of addresses to the caller sctp_peeloff ( )
Detach an association from a one - to - many socket to a separate file descriptor sctp_sendx ( )
Send a message from an SCTP socket sctp_sendmsgx ( )
Send a message from an SCTP socke
While this list of functions contains more APIs than are strictly necessary , it is important to note that many are derivatives of preexisting APIs , such as send ( ) , which need to be extended to work in a multihoming world .
The set of APIs needs to be harmonized to make multihoming a first - class citizen in the sockets world .
The problem now is that sockets are so successful and ubiquitous that it is very hard to change the existing API set for fear of confusing its users or the preexisting programs that use it .
As systems come to have more network interfaces built in , the ability to write applications that take advantage of multihoming will be an absolute necessity .
One can easily imagine the use of such technology in a smartphone , which already has three network interfaces : its primary connection via the cellular network , a WiFi interface , and often a Bluetooth interface as well .
There is no reason for an application to lose connectivity if even one of these network interfaces is working properly .
The problem for application designers is that they want their code to work , with few or no changes , across a plethora of devices , from cellphones , to laptops , to desktops , etc .
With properly defined APIs we would remove the artificial barrier that prevents this .
It is only because of the history of the sockets API and the fact that it has been " good enough " to date that this need has not yet been addressed .
High bandwidth , low latency , and multihoming are driving the development of alternatives to the sockets API .
With LANs now reaching 10 Gbps , for many applications client / server - style communication is far too inefficient to use the available bandwidth .
The communication paradigms supported by the sockets API must be expanded to allow for memory sharing across the kernel boundary , as well as for lower - latency mechanisms to deliver data to applications .
Multihoming must become a first - class feature of the sockets API because devices with multiple active interfaces are becoming the norm for networked systems .
References
Balaji , P. , Bhagvat , S. , Jin , H. - W. , Panda , D.K. 2006 .
Asynchronous zero-copy communication for synchronous sockets in the sockets direct protocol ( sdp ) over infiniband journal .
Proceedings of the 20th IEEE International Parallel and Distributed Processing Symposium : 303 .
Gilligan , R. , Thomson , S. , Bound , J. , McCann , J. , Stevens , W. 2003 .
Basic Socket Interface Extensions for IPv6 . RFC 3493 ( February ) ; http://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3493.txt.
Romanow , A. , Mogul , J. , Talpey , T. , Bailey , S. 2005 .
Remote Direct Memory Access ( RDMA ) over IP Problem Statement .
RFC 4297 ( December ) ; http://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc4297.txt.
Stewart , R. , Xie , Q. , Morneault , K. , Sharp , C. , Schwarz - bauer , H. , Taylor , T. , Rytina , I. , Kalla , M. , Zhang , L. , Paxson , V. 2000 .
Stream Control Transmission Protocol . RFC 2960 ( October ) ; http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2960.txt.
LOVE IT , HATE IT ?
LET US KNOW
[ email protected ]
GEORGE V. NEVILLE - NEIL ( [ email protected ] ) is a columnist for ACM Queue and Communications of the ACM , as well as a member of the Queue Editorial Board .
He works on networking and operating - system code and teaches courses on various subjects related to programming .
© 2009 ACM 1542-7730 /09/0200 $ 5.00
Originally published in Queue vol. 7 , no .
4 —
see this item in the ACM Digital Library
Related :
Yonatan Sompolinsky , Aviv Zohar - Bitcoin ’s Underlying Incentives
Incentives are crucial for the Bitcoin protocol ’s security and effectively drive its daily operation .
Miners go to extreme lengths to maximize their revenue and often find creative ways to do so that are sometimes at odds with the protocol .
Cryptocurrency protocols should be placed on stronger foundations of incentives .
There are many areas left to improve , ranging from the very basics of mining rewards and how they interact with the consensus mechanism , through the rewards in mining pools , and all the way to the transaction fee market itself .
Antony Alappatt - Network Applications Are Interactive
The miniaturization of devices and the prolific interconnectedness of these devices over high - speed wireless networks is completely changing how commerce is conducted .
These changes ( a.k.a. digital ) will profoundly change how enterprises operate .
Software is at the heart of this digital world , but the software toolsets and languages were conceived for the host - based era .
The issues that already plague software practice ( such as high defects , poor software productivity , information vulnerability , poor software project success rates , etc. ) will be more profound with such an approach .
It is time for software to be made simpler , secure , and reliable .
Jacob Loveless - Cache Me If You Can
The world is more connected than it ever has been before , and with our pocket supercomputers and IoT ( Internet of Things ) future , the next generation of the web might just be delivered in a peer - to - peer model .
It ’s a giant problem space , but the necessary tools and technology are here today .
We just need to define the problem a little better .
Theo Schlossnagle - Time , but Faster
The first premise was summed up perfectly by the late Douglas Adams in The Hitchhiker ’s Guide to the Galaxy : " Time is an illusion .
Lunchtime doubly so . "
The concept of time , when colliding with decoupled networks of computers that run at billions of operations per second , is ... well , the truth of the matter is that you simply never really know what time it is .
That is why Leslie Lamport ’s seminal paper on Lamport timestamps was so important to the industry , but this article is actually about wall - clock time , or a reasonably useful estimation of it .
© 2020 ACM , Inc. All Rights Reserved .
To - dos pictured are bolded in the list below .
I do n’t pretend to be the ultimate expert in all things in LA but a reader had put this challenge to me after reading similar lists on San Francisco ’s 7×7 and on a San Diego food blog .
So here ’s 100 things to try in LA before you die — my very personal list of recommendations of how I think one could best enjoy LA ; what every Angeleno should eat / drink / do in our fair city before you die ( or move ) .
A lot of these I ’ve tried before .
And , yes , foodies may pooh - pooh me for some of the selections but most are things that made me really appreciate living here while others are LA landmarks and / or still on my to - do list .
And then there are those on the list that are so unique to LA .
Feel free to add your own suggestions in the comments !
Listed in no particular order .
Cocktails are in red .
And if you ’re so inclined , you can either print the list here or see a map here .
NOTE : Please do not repost this list in its entirety .
To do so is in violation of Creative Commons .
You can excerpt it but you need to also link to it .
Thanks .
Music so bad , it has become the universal standard for bad music
The band that always wins the " what is the worst shit - ass music ever created by man " argument .
Everyone thinks that they know horrible music , but upon subjugation to the " freaxx " youtube video , Brokencyde unanimously decides the debate .
It is now the gold standard to which all unbelievably shitty music is to be compared .
Here 's the abstract ( permitted by fair use , I believe ) :
Honeybee colony collapse is a sanitary and ecological worldwide problem .
The features of this syndrome are an unexplained disappearance of adult bees , a lack of brood attention , reduced colony strength , and heavy winter mortality without any previous evident pathological disturbances .
To date there has not been a consensus about its origins .
This report describes the clinical features of two professional bee - keepers affecting by this syndrome .
Anamnesis , clinical examination and analyses support that the depopulation in both cases was due to the infection by Nosema ceranae ( Microsporidia ) , an emerging pathogen of Apis mellifera .
No other significant pathogens or pesticides ( neonicotinoids ) were detected and the bees had not been foraging in corn or sunflower crops .
The treatment with fumagillin avoided the loss of surviving weak colonies .
This is the first case report of honeybee colony collapse due to N. ceranae in professional apiaries in field conditions reported worldwide .
Obviously treating every colony in the world with fumagillin would not be a good idea - too expensive , and certain to lead to resistance .
But knowing the cause makes it much more likely that good practices can reduce the incidence , and the fumagillin makes a good back up if hygiene fails .
Thought you all would enjoy getting some good news on this lovely spring day !
( Lovely here at least - hope most of you are also enjoying some true spring ) .
And some eye candy from UCSD :
( UPDATE 1&2 )
Since this is getting visibility , here are some more resources :
Info on CCD from Mid-Atlantic Apiculture Research and Extension at Penn State , including a powerpoint if you want to present to a group
Map ( pdf ) of affected states
Russians have developed strains resistant to varroa mites , another baddy
A comment with a great link to a Scientific American article
A comment about encouraging local pollinators
Help count bees !
( update 3 )
An excursus on Koch 's postulates
How do we know whether an organism causes a disease ?
Since the nineteenth century , Koch 's postulates have helped frame our searches : Koch 's postulates are : 1 . The microorganism must be found in abundance in all organisms suffering from the disease , but should not be found in healthy animals .
2 . The microorganism must be isolated from a diseased organism and grown in pure culture .
3 . The cultured microorganism should cause disease when introduced into a healthy organism .
4 . The microorganism must be reisolated from the inoculated , diseased experimental host and identified as being identical to the original specific causative agent .
( from Wikipedia )
But as the article suggests , there are various reasons that each of these may not be able to be satisfied in a given case .
In this instance , all the colonies examined in this study had Nosema , other causes were not present , and colonies were cured by treatments that eliminated the fungus .
Koch would like to have seen Nosema introduced into new colonies and CCD resulting to be more confident of the link , but that may be impractical - it is impossible for a number of diseases that still have causes accepted for them .
The evidence here seems good enough to say that a cause ( note : not the cause ) of CCD has been shown .
Update 4 :
Great comment about honeybee genetics and how that may put them at greater risk than wild bees
Link here to a Salon article with lots of bee-y goodness
Update 5 :
It appears that we have more bees now than in the past three years .
The suggested explanation is that the apiarists affected by CCD either left or changed what they do with the bees .
Things like feeding the bees when there 's not much food or paying close attention to hygiene are all the sorts of things that can reduce vulnerability to infectious agents .
Remember , the big drop in mortality for humans in Europe did n't come from medicine ; it came from clean water and good sewage .
Organic beekeepers can also be affected by CCD , where it behaves like an infectious disease .
Former Vice President 's Verbal Broadsides Against Obama Over Interrogation of Terror Suspects and Planned Shutdown of Guantanamo Prison Camp May Be Aimed at Preventing President From Declassifying and Making Public CIA Inspector General 's Report That 's Expected to ' Seriously Undermine ' Cheney 's Justification for Alleged Torture Tactics
Critics have long compared former Vice President Dick Cheney to Darth Vader -- the black - helmeted villian in George Lucas ' now - classic " Star Wars " film series -- as the real power behind the Bush administration .
But it now appears that Cheney had a reason to go on his aggressive public - relations offensive against President Obama :
To prevent the president from declassifying and making public a 2004 report by the CIA 's inspector general of his investigation into the agency 's use of alleged torture tactics against so - called " high - value " detainees at Guantanamo -- an investigation that the former vice president tried to stonewall .
( Image courtesy SF Weekly )
( Posted 5;00 a.m. EDT Monday , May 25 , 2009 )
==============
SPECIAL REPORT
==============
By JASON LEOPOLD
The Public Record
Former Vice President Dick Cheney intervened in CIA Inspector General John Helgerson 's investigation into the agency 's use of torture against " high - value " detainees , but the watchdog was still able to prepare a report that concluded the interrogation program violated some provisions of the International Convention Against Torture .
The report , which the Obama administration may soon declassify , was completed in May 2004 and implicated CIA interrogators in at least three detainee deaths in Afghanistan and Iraq and referred eight criminal cases of alleged homicide , abuse and misconduct to the Justice Department for further investigation , reporter Jane Mayer wrote in her book , The Dark Side , and in an investigative report published in The New Yorker magazine in November 2005 .
In The Dark Side , Mayer described the report as being " as thick as two Manhattan phone books " and contained information , according to an unnamed source , " that was simply sickening . "
" The behavior it described , another knowledgeable source said , raised concerns not just about the detainees but also about the Americans who had inflicted the abuse , one of whom seemed to have become frighteningly dehumanized , " Mayer wrote .
" The source said , ' You could n't read the documents without wondering , " Why did n't someone say , ' Stop ! ' " "
CHENEY VIOLATED CIA INSPECTOR GENERAL'S INDEPENDENCE
Mayer added that Cheney routinely " summoned " Helgerson to meet with him privately about his investigation , launched in 2003 , and soon thereafter the probe " was stopped in its tracks . "
Mayer characterized Cheney 's interaction with Helgerson as highly unusual .
Cheney 's " reaction to this first , carefully documented in - house study concluding that the CIA 's secret program was most likely criminal was to summon the Inspector General to his office for a private chat , " Mayer wrote .
" The inspector general is supposed to function as an independent overseer , free from political pressure , but Cheney summoned the CIA inspector general more than once to his office . "
" Cheney loomed over everything , " the former CIA officer told Mayer .
" The whole IG 's office was completely politicized .
They were working hand in glove with the White House . "
But Mayer said Cheney 's intervention in Helgerson 's probe proved that as early as 2004 " the vice president 's office was fully aware that there were allegations of serious wrongdoing in the [ torture ] program . "
Helgerson has denied that he was pressured by Cheney .
In October 2007 , then - CIA Director Michael Hayden ordered an investigation into Helgerson 's office , focusing on internal complaints that the inspector general was on " a crusade against those who have participated in [ the ] controversial detention program . "
INSPECTOR GENERAL'S REPORT EXPECTED TO SHOW TORTURE WAS 'INEFFECTIVE '
News reports have suggested that when Helgerson 's report is declassified it will seriously undercut claims made by Cheney in numerous interviews that the systematic torture of " high - value " detainees produced valuable intelligence , thwarted pending terrorist plots against the United States and saved " hundreds of thousands of lives . "
In addition to showing the inconclusive nature of the value of intelligence gleaned through torture , the report will likely show that Helgerson warned top CIA officials that the interrogation techniques administered to detainees " might violate some provisions of the International Convention Against Torture . "
A November 9 , 2005 , report published in The New York Times said Helgerson 's report " raised concern about whether the use of the [ torture ] techniques could expose agency officers to legal liability . "
Sources quoted by the Times said " the report expressed skepticism about the Bush administration view that any ban on cruel , inhumane and degrading treatment under the treaty does not apply to CIA interrogations because they take place overseas on people who are not citizens of the United States .
" The officials who described the report said it discussed particular techniques used by the CIA against particular prisoners , including about three dozen terror suspects being held by the agency in secret locations around the world . "
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit to gain access to Helgerson 's report .
Portions of the report have already been turned over to the organization , but they were heavily censored .
SUSPICIONS OF A COVER -UP MOUNT AFTER 92 TORTURE TAPES ARE REPORTED DESTROYED . . .
Mayer also suggested that the CIA may have decided to destroy 92 interrogation videotapes in November 2005 , after Senator Jay Rockefeller ( D - West Virginia ) began asking questions about the tapes referenced in the report .
Helgerson had viewed the tapes at one of the CIA 's " black site " prisons .
" Further rattling the CIA was a request in May 2005 from Senator Rockefeller , the ranking Democrat on the [ then - Republican - controlled ]
Senate Intelligence Committee , to see over a hundred documents referred to in the earlier Inspector General 's report on detention inside the black prison sites , " Mayer wrote in her book .
" Among the items Rockefeller specifically sought was a legal analysis of the CIA 's interrogation videotapes .
" Rockefeller wanted to know if the intelligence agency 's top lawyer believed that the waterboarding of [ alleged al - Qaida operative Abu ] Zubaydah and [ alleged 9/11 mastermind ]
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , as captured on the secret videotapes , was entirely legal .
The CIA refused to provide the requested documents to Rockefeller .
But the Democratic senator 's mention of the videotapes undoubtedly sent a shiver through the Agency , as did a second request he made for these documents to [ then - CIA Director Porter ] Goss in September 2005 . "
. . .
BUT AT LEAST TWO OF THE SUPPOSEDLY DESTROYED TORTURE VIDEOS MAY STILL EXIST
[ However , The ' Skeeter Bites Report , in an exclusive story posted on December 10 , 2007 , reported that a letter by a Virginia - based U.S. attorney to a federal appeals court appeared to contradict Hayden 's public statements on the destruction of the hundreds of hours of video footage of " extreme " interrogations of suspected al - Qaida operatives by strongly indicating that at least two of the videos still existed .
[ Charles Rosenberg , the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia , wrote that his office viewed two videotapes of CIA interrogations of al - Qaida suspects as recently as September 19 , 2007 and October 18 , 2007 -- contrary to Hayden 's statement that the tapes were destroyed in 2005 .
[ Rosenberg 's five - page letter , addressed to Judge Karen Williams , chief judge of the U.S. Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals in Richmond , Virginia and to Judge Leonie Brinkema of the U.S. District Court in nearby Alexandria , was referring to the trial of Zacarias Moussaoui , the lone suspect convicted in the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks .
[ Brinkema was the presiding judge in the Moussaoui trial .
A copy of the letter , dated October 27 , 2007 , was obtained by The ' Skeeter Bites Report .
[ Rosenberg wrote that his office was informed on September 13 , 2007 by the CIA that the agency " obtained three recordings -- two videotapes and one short audiotape -- of interrogations " of suspected al - Qaida terrorists .
[ Moussaoui , the so - called " 20th hijacker , " pleaded guilty in 2006 to charges of conspiring to hijack planes and crash them into the World Trade Center and the Pentagon , admitting that he knew about the attacks and did nothing to stop them .
Ironically , Moussaoui was in jail in Minnesota as the September 11 attacks unfolded .
He 's now serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole at the federal Supermax prison in Florence , Colorado . ]
INSPECTOR GENERAL'S REPORT IS HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER
Helgerson 's report has been highly sought after by members of Congress and civil liberties organizations for some time .
Justice Department torture memos released last month contain several footnotes to the inspector general 's report noting the watchdog 's concerns about the fact that interrogators strayed from the legal limits set forth in the memos on how specific interrogation methods could be used .
For example , a footnote in a May 2005 Justice Department legal opinion says Helgerson found that , " in some cases , " the " waterboard was used with far greater frequency than initially indicated ... and also that it was used in a different manner . "
According to court papers in a contempt lawsuit the American Civil Liberties Union filed against the CIA over the destruction of 92 interrogation videotapes , " at the conclusion of [ Helgerson 's ] special review in May 2004 , [ CIA Office of Inspector General ] notified [ the Justice Department ] and other relevant oversight authorities of the review 's findings . "
A month later , according to documents released last month by the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence , Helgerson 's report was made available to top lawmakers on the committee .
CIA REPORTEDLY ASKED FOR WHITE HOUSE OK ON TORTURE
That same month -- June 2004 -- then - CIA Director George Tenet asked the White House to explicitly sign off on the agency 's torture program with a memo that authorized specific techniques , such as waterboarding .
A similar request was also made by the agency at the start of Helgerson 's probe in 2003 , according to a front - page story published in The Washington Post last October .
" The Bush administration issued a pair of secret memos to the CIA in 2003 and 2004 that explicitly endorsed the agency 's use of interrogation techniques such as waterboarding against al - Qaida suspects -- documents prompted by worries among intelligence officials about a possible backlash if details of the program became public , " the Post reported .
" The classified memos , which have not been previously disclosed ( and remain classified ) , were requested by then - CIA Director Tenet more than a year after the start of the secret interrogations , according to four administration and intelligence officials familiar with the documents , " the newspaper said .
" Although Justice Department lawyers , beginning in 2002 , had signed off on the agency 's interrogation methods , senior CIA officials were troubled that White House policymakers had never endorsed the program in writing . "
It 's unknown whether Helgerson 's report led Tenet to request the later memo from the White House .
According to the Post , " the CIA 's anxiety was partly fueled by the lack of explicit presidential authorization for the interrogation program " and " Tenet seemed ... interested in protecting his subordinates " from legal liability .
In July 2004 , " the CIA briefed the [ Senate Intelligence Committee 's ] Chairman and Vice Chairman on the facts and conclusions of the Inspector General special review , " the Post reported .
[ Editor 's Note : A direct link to the article on The Washington Post Web site could not be established because it is over six months old and available only for purchase . ]
HELGERSON ZEROES IN ON MURDERS OF SEVERAL DETAINEES
In an interview last August on Public Radio International 's " To The Point , " Mayer said Helgerson " investigated several alleged homicides involving CIA detainees " and forwarded several of those cases " to the Justice Department for further consideration and potential prosecution . "
" Why have there been no charges filed ?
It 's a question to which one would expect that Congress and the public would like some answers , " Mayer said .
" Sources suggested to me that ... it is highly uncomfortable for top Bush Justice officials to prosecute these cases because , inevitably , it means shining a light on what those same officials sanctioned . "
In The Dark Side , Mayer wrote that Helgerson was " looking into at least three deaths of CIA - held prisoners in Afghanistan and Iraq . "
One of those prisoners was Manadel al - Jamadi , who was captured by Navy SEALs outside Baghdad in November 2003 .
" The CIA had identified him as a ' high - value ' target , because he had allegedly supplied the explosives used in several atrocities perpetrated by insurgents , including the bombing of the Baghdad headquarters of the International Committee of the Red Cross , in October 2003 , " Mayer reported in The New Yorker .
" After being removed from his house , Jamadi was manhandled by several of the SEALs , who gave him a black eye and a cut on his face ; he was then transferred to CIA custody , for interrogation at Abu Ghraib , " Mayer reported .
" According to witnesses , Jamadi was walking and speaking when he arrived at the prison .
He was taken to a shower room for interrogation .
Some forty - five minutes later , he was dead . "
At the time of his death , Jamadi 's head was covered with a plastic bag , he was shackled in a crucifixion - like pose that inhibited his ability to breathe and according to forensic pathologists who have examined the case , he suffocated .
The CIA interrogator implicated in his death was Mark Swanner , who was never charged with a crime despite a recommendation by investigators working for Helgerson that the Justice Department launch a criminal investigation into the matter .
The Swanner / Jamadi case was forwarded in 2004 to then - Deputy Attorney General Paul McNulty , where the file remained .
McNulty is under scrutiny by a special prosecutor investigating the role he and other Bush administration officials played in the controversial firings of nine U.S. attorneys in 2006 .
Helgerson also " had serious questions about the agency 's mistreatment of dozens more , including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , " Mayer wrote in her book , adding that there was a belief by some " insiders that [ Helgerson 's investigation ] would end with criminal charges for abusive interrogations . "
( Additional reporting by Skeeter Sanders . )
# # #
Volume IV , Number 41
Special Report Copyright 2009 , The Public Record .
The ' Skeeter Bites Report Copyright 2009 , Skeeter Sanders .
All rights reserved .
JREF Swift Blog
Patricia Putt Preliminary MDC Test
On 6 May 2009 , Patricia Putt , who claims to have psychic powers , will participate in the preliminary test for the James Randi Educational Foundation ’s One Million Dollar Paranormal Challenge .
Mrs. Putt will be tested at Goldsmiths University by Professor Christopher French , Professor Richard Wiseman , and psychology students Panka Juhasz , James Munroe , Suzanne Barbieri , and Fabio Tartarini .
" It 's great that Patricia has agreed to be tested and accepted the protocol , " said Professor Wiseman , author of Quirkology , " In my experience , the vast majority of psychics and mediums back down before this point , so this is going to be a relatively rare and exciting experiment .
My hope is that all will go well with the procedure on the day and thus we will get a clear result one way or the other . "
Patricia Putt approached JREF staff claiming the ability to tell personal information about individuals simply by being near them and hearing their voices .
Her claim was negotiated into a protocol with JREF staff , and on 6 May , Mrs .
Putt will be presented with a series of individuals and asked to write a lengthy reading about each of them .
To guard against subconscious cues , the volunteers will wear heavy clothing and sunglasses , and will face away from Mrs.
Putt for the course of the reading .
So Mrs.
Putt will be able to hear their voices , each volunteer will read a passage from William Blake ’s ‘ The Auguries of Innocence . ’
" I 'm looking forward to the test , " said Professor Christopher French , “ Although I 've tested lots of psychic claimants before , it will be the first time I 've done so with my good friend Richard Wiseman .
On the basis of my previous experience of testing claimants at the preliminary stage of the JREF Million Dollar Challenge , I have to be honest and say that I am not expecting Patricia to pass the test .
But I think an important part of being a sceptic is always being prepared to be proved wrong .
If Patricia really can do what she thinks she can do , would n't that be fantastic ? "
Professor French , head of the Anomalistic Psychology Research Unit at Goldsmiths , tested Derek Ogilvie , the baby whisperer .
" I 've worked with Randi before on setting up these preliminary tests and I 've always been impressed by the fact that he goes out of his way to ensure that the claimants are happy with the way in which the tests will be carried out , " said Professor French , “ There is just no point at all in carrying out a test under conditions that the claimant feels were biased against them .
If psychic powers exist , then awarding the JREF prize would be a very small price to pay for proving it . "
The testing protocol requires the volunteers to be separated from Mrs. Putt for the course of the test – which will take most of the day – outside of the time Mrs .
Putt will be reading specifically for them .
At the end of the day , when all the readings are complete , the volunteers will be given packets containing every reading from the day .
They will be asked to identify their own personal reading .
If five or more out of the ten of the volunteers are able to identify their reading , Mrs. Putt will pass to the final Challenge test for the million dollars .
So far , no individual tested by the JREF has passed to the final Challenge .
" I think it ’s great that there is a platform out there for claimants to attempt to prove their abilities , although it is probably not just a coincidence that so far no one has passed the preliminary tests , ” said Panka Juhasz , psychology student and assistant editor of UK Skeptic Magazine , " As the famous saying goes : ' Extraordinary claims require extraordinary proof '… . "
Psychology student James Munroe elaborated .
" Science starts from a position of doubt , but that doubt is not sustained by personal incredulity in the face of a difficult idea , but rather by a lack of evidence , and what the evidence suggests , we must accept , at least as being what is most likely .
If this experiment supports the idea of psychic phenomena , it will be extremely interesting to say the least . "
TORONTO -- Led by Rogers Communications Inc. , the country 's largest cable and satellite TV operators filed a formal complaint with communications authorities in Ottawa on Friday alleging CTVglobemedia Inc. 's " Save Local TV " advertising campaign has violated the Broadcasting Act .
" CTV , in order to pressure the government and the regulator to impose a TV tax on Canadian consumers , has been promoting its campaign across its media television properties , " Rogers said in a statement .
CTV , which has said its local programming is in danger of being cut back if it cannot find additional revenue such as fees for carriage from cable and satellite operators , recently began airing television ads imploring viewers to contact their local federal representatives asking for a new tax on the operators .
Rogers also said Friday the broadcaster was using its news outlets to promote " unbalanced " coverage .
“ Incorporating the campaign into their local newscasts violates the Broadcasting Act and the Canadian Association of Broadcasters own Code of Ethics . ”
Rogers was joined by Bell , Telus Corp. , Cogeco Inc. as well as Atlantic Canada operator Eastlink in launching the formal protest .
Broadcasters such as CTV and Canwest Global Communications Corp. , which also owns the National Post , are seeking fees from cable and satellite companies for the local content broadcast stations provide .
Officials from the Canadian Radio- television and Telecommunications Commission ( CRTC ) began hearings to review the compensation dilemma in April .
A ruling is expected later this year .
In a notice released on May 15 , the CRTC said it is prepared to work with the industry to find " a systemic and structural solution " for the over - the - air TV sector .
A letter signed by the operators urged the CRTC to take " immediate action " against the CTV campaign .
" While we fundamentally disagree with CTV 's position on a TV tax , the issue here is not about [ that ] .
It is about a blatant violation of respected journalistic principles , " said Phil Lind , vice chairman of Rogers .
Author Thread
i love this with the bubbles and nice color choice !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Simple yet elegant , works very well , bubbles and colors are great .
Congrats on top 10 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well done , Mark .
The other comments say it all ; a terrific shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
whoa great shot Mark !
You 've been on a roll !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is wonderful , Mark !
I love it .
Those bubbles are in fabulous focus .
Congrats on top 10 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
You got hosed !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is AWESOME !
Such a simple idea , but executed to such perfection that it totally wow's you when it opens up on your screen .
Congratulations on 8th place !
Photographer found comment helpful .
how clever is this .. !!
brilliant shot and such a great idea for the challenge .. congrats on 8th place .. :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Comments Made During the Challenge
WOW
Photographer found comment helpful .
Literally !
They 're water colors !
Photographer found comment helpful .
i love it
Photographer found comment helpful .
i think i would have chosen a different background choice for this effect
Photographer found comment helpful .
really like this what did you use to make the bubbles ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is one of my favorites so far .
Really well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Nice shot , everything looks good the lighting , DOF , the one thing is the background I think a whiter background would have been better .
JMO !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Best of the water bubble shots .
Nice downward - pointing composition .
Photographer found comment helpful .
lol catchy
Photographer found comment helpful .
A very creative look at colored pencils - the image meets the subject matter dead on with subtle , yet detailed effect .
A terrific demonstration of the creative process in meeting the challenge in a very unusual way .
Should be a sure bet to win a ribbon or place high as a top twenty image .
A couple of minor detail problems not worth mentioning because they do n't appear until you really get a critical eye and examine the image closely .
Well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Terrific !
Very creative .
Photographer found comment helpful .
I always LOVE the bubbles off of objects in water . :P
At least this IS water right ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
wonderful macro .
10
It was the British Music Awards last night and Girls Aloud were the opening act .
I know , why would you care about the British Music Awards , you do n’t live there so it does n’t affect you , not to mention award shows are a total waste of fucking time and are more of a jerk off fest where people who already have massive egos get pinned up against each other for one to walk away the super ego , meanwhile every person in the room has already won the fucking lottery , but at least every now and then , bands I hate like Nickelback are n’t in the spotlight , and a group of slut Spice Girl impersonators who somehow avoided a career of stripping take center fucking stage and there ’s nothing wrong with that , I mean other than how bad their music is , but who cares about the music when they ’ve got tits .
Right ?
Here is member Sarah Harding ’s Friend and by friend I mean assistant she probably shits on daily , Taking a Dive ….. because it is funny and something These Drunk Sluts are Used To
Girls Aloud Performing at the 2009 Brits of the Day
Posted in : Brits|Fall|Girls Aloud|Performing |Sarah Harding |Upskirt
College Republicans stand their ground S.F. State
Samuel Lee Harrison , 21 , left , of Benicia , speaks to members of the San Francisco State University College Republicans James Kincaid , second from left , Alan Perez , second from right , and Jamie Hunt , right , at the San Francisco State University campus in San Francisco , Calif. , on Wednesday , April 22 , 2009 .
The club has been causing controversy on campus with events that many students find offensive .
less Samuel Lee Harrison , 21 , left , of Benicia , speaks to members of the San Francisco State University College Republicans James Kincaid , second from left , Alan Perez , second from right , and Jamie Hunt , right , at ... more Photo : Hardy Wilson , The Chronicle Photo : Hardy Wilson , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close College Republicans stand their ground 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
The College Republicans student club set up a table on the San Francisco State University quad , offering information about and speaking out against the Fairness Doctrine , which would require broadcasters to provide balanced and fair views of an issue .
Though the doctrine was eliminated in 1987 , there is some talk of reinstating it .
Conservative groups - like the College Republicans - oppose that move because the doctrine could curb conservative talk - radio shows .
James Kincaid , president of the San Francisco State College Republicans , and three other club members were gathering signatures for a petition to stop the Fairness Doctrine when Jacob Barcena , a junior studying music , stopped by to ask a few questions .
" What do you do beyond ruffling feathers on campus ? " he asked .
At San Francisco State , which has a long and storied history of activism and a diverse and liberal student body , the College Republicans stand out .
While the scene at the table last month was tame , some of the group 's past events have been anything but :
A bake sale to support a wall at the Mexico border , an anti-terrorism rally that invited students to throw a shoe at a Hamas flag and a victory party for George W. Bush 's re-election in 2004 all drew heated protests .
Going too far ?
Members of the College Republicans say such high - profile events help spread their conservative message .
But students from some campus groups say the Republicans go too far with their events and disrespect others .
" I 'd like to see the school re-establish that line between making a political statement and defaming someone 's religious , sexual or moral beliefs , " said Anthony Aboujaoude , president of the San Francisco State Muslim Student Association .
But after a March 2008 lawsuit settlement , in which a federal court found the California State University system violated the First Amendment rights of the group , campus administration is taking a hands - off approach .
San Francisco State 's College Republicans group was formed in 2003 and has nearly 300 members .
It is part of a national group with 45 charter groups in California .
" We 've done a good job of establishing ourselves on campus and opening up political dialogue , " said Leigh Wolf , a former president of the group .
" In the '60s , left - of - center students wanted a place on this campus , and now it 's the opposite . "
In the past , the College Republicans held political forums and debates , but because of lackluster participation , the group scratched that approach , Wolf said .
Today , it favors more in - your - face events .
At a February event , the College Republicans invited students to throw a shoe at the Hamas flag , a sign of disrespect in Muslim culture .
Some students protested the event , and two nonstudents , were arrested .
' Misguided patriots '
" They 've been known to stir people up on campus , " said Coby Obiesie , a senior coordinator for the Black Student Union on campus .
" They are the misguided patriots of America . "
In March 2006 , the College Republicans held a bake sale to raise funds for the Border Fence Project , which supports building a fence along the U.S. - Mexico border .
They had a makeshift wall around their table and dressed in fatigues to resemble border patrol agents .
A protest over the bake sale turned violent , and Kincaid suffered minor head injuries after being hit by a glass bottle .
" I 'm pretty sure they knew it ( the event ) was going to make people angry , " said David Verdin , a member of the student group La Raza .
Nonetheless , the group has become a model for College Republicans , said Michael Antopolis , administrative vice chairman of the national group .
" We encourage clubs to follow the example of the S.F. State College Republicans , " Antopolis said .
And one club - the College Democrats - is trying to live with its political rival .
In recent years , the two groups have co-hosted events such as political debates and a 9/11 memorial .
" They 've done things that I do n't necessarily agree with , but I think they 're important to the campus and provide important political dialogue , " said Renee Darner , president of the College Democrats .
In 2007 , the College Republicans organized an anti-terrorism rally that involved stepping on homemade flags of Hezbollah and Hamas .
Some student groups complained that the group was disrespecting a flag that carried the word " Allah " on it .
The school investigated .
The university found that no rules had been broken and did not pursue further action .
But the College Republicans sued the California State University system , alleging a violation of First Amendment rights .
Favorable decision
The court found in favor of the group , and , as a result , the California Education Code was amended to make it clear that " civility " could not be grounds for student discipline .
The court also required the university system to pay the group , its president and vice president each $ 100 , as well as $ 41,000 in legal fees .
" Disagreements , expression , exploration of ideas and debate are in fact central to universities - and activities highly valued at S.F. State , " university spokeswoman Ellen Griffin said in an e-mail .
" We teach our students to aspire to civil and responsible free speech that reflects tolerance , mutual respect and values of equity and social justice . "
Kincaid , the group president , says the Republicans have every right to be on campus .
" We are not going to be intimidated . "
Welcome to the Naturist Fiction Archive
This site is a non-profit repository of non-erotic nudist fiction online stories .
There is a lot of erotic story archives featuring naturism in a non-realistic way , this site is there for real nudist stories to find their own permanent home on the web .
You can read more about the purpose of this site on the introduction page .
You can also read Short Stories and longer Stories including the famous story of How Kristen Spent Her Summer Vacation which is republished with the permissions of the author as well as Stefany Conners ' naturist diary , which is now for the first time prefaced by the real original author who admits it was entirely fictional .
You should also take a look as some nudist stories written specifically for this website , such as some of our short stories , the Catherine Reynolds series and the serial which used to be published every Monday morning , Mark and Jenny .
You can also read on the recent serial , the Eden 's Creek universe .
DUSA MARREB , Somalia 
From men of peace , the Sufi clerics suddenly became men of war .
Their shrines were being destroyed .
Their imams were being murdered .
Their tolerant beliefs were under withering attack .
So the moderate Sufi scholars recently did what so many other men have chosen to do in anarchic Somalia : they picked up guns and entered the killing business , in this case to fight back against the Shabab , one of the most fearsome extremist Muslim groups in Africa .
“ Clan wars , political wars , we were always careful to stay out of those , ” said Sheik Omar Mohamed Farah , a Sufi leader .
“ But this time , it was religious . ”
Image Sufis are part of a moderate Islamist movement that Western nations are counting on to repel Somalias increasingly powerful Islamist extremists .
Credit ... Michael Kamber for The New York Times
In the past few months , a new axis of conflict has opened up in Somalia , an essentially governmentless nation ripped apart by rival clans since 1991 .
Now , in a definitive shift , fighters from different clans are forming alliances and battling one another along religious lines , with deeply devout men on both sides charging into firefights with checkered head scarves , assault rifles and dusty Korans .
What is FEMA ?
Federal Emergency Management Agency
The Federal Emergency Management Agency , or FEMA , is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security , initially created by Presidential Order on April 1 , 1979 .
The primary purpose of FEMA is to coordinate the response to a disaster that has occurred in the United States and that overwhelms the resources of local and state authorities .
The governor of the state in which the disaster occurs must declare a state of emergency and formally request from the president that FEMA and the federal government respond to the disaster .
FEMA also provides these services for territories of the United States , such as Puerto Rico .
The only exception is when an emergency or disaster occurs on federal property or to a federal asset , for example , the 1995 bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma , or the Space Shuttle Columbia in the 2003 return - flight disaster .
The most recent notable example of FEMA ’s ability to manage emergencies was their apparent general incompetence , in regards to the Katrina response .
I personally know modern day hippies that were more prepared and well organized that FEMA deputized them as a location to receive aid .
Hurricane Katrina : FEMA
Hurricane Katrina
Although FEMA was not directly involved in the house to house gun confiscation , or the deliberate destruction of at least one levee , they are the ones calling the shots on scene .
As a result of FEMA ’s response their director Brown did resign as head of FEMA , and pointed to the DHS in sharing the responsibility .
Homeland Security director Micheal Chertoff lies about his departments prior knowledge leading up to the event , and mentions the levees breaking .
It is possible the did not know they had been intentionally destroyed by the Army Corps of engineers , flooding the 9th ward to save the more valuable real estate .
Though I would image the agencies were working together during the crisis .
Could we expect anything less then lies from Chertoff the co-author of the PATRIOT act ?
Patriot Act Being Used Against a 16 Year Old Boy & its Own Citizens !
Michael Chertoff The Man & His Star - Crossed Past
One of the little known aspects inside all the secrecy surrounding The vile National ID Card , the HOMELAND Security Act , and the shadowy FEMA camps that many believe are about to be used - concerns the other master criminals that Cheney - Bush hired to ensure that Americans will become as completely controlled a population , as were the people of Communist East Germany or the old USSR .
The National Guard was also involved , or perhaps engaged during Katrina .
Their job was to render the population defenses during a dangerous time when being able to protect your family and property was crucial .
Does this set a precedent for future events ?
In time of crisis the National Guard will come in and relieve the people of their right to bear arms .
For your own protection FEMA will be right behind them ready to usher the people off to some sort of comfortable emergency relocation facility .
Criticism of government response to Hurricane Katrina
Controversy arose over a September 8 city - wide order by New Orleans Police Superintendent Eddie Compass to local police , National Guard troops , and US Marshals to confiscate all civilian - held firearms .
“ No one will be able to be armed , ” Compass said .
“ Guns will be taken .
Only law enforcement will be allowed to have guns . ”
Firearms Confiscation
Seizures were carried out without warrant , and in some cases with excessive force ; one instance captured on film involved 58 year old New Orleans resident Patricia Konie .
Konie stayed behind , in her well provisioned home , and had an old revolver for protection .
A group of police entered the house , and when she refused to surrender her revolver , she was tackled and it was removed by force .
Konie ’s shoulder was fractured , and she was taken into police custody for failing to surrender her firearm Even National Guard troops , armed with assault rifles , were used for house to house searches , seizing firearms and attempting to get those remaining in the city to leave .
National Guard Confiscating Guns in New Orleans
Angered citizens , backed by the National Rifle Association and other organizations , filed protests over the constitutionality of such an order and the difficulty in tracking seizures , as paperwork was rarely filed during the searches .
Wayne LaPierre , CEO of the National Rifle Association , defended the right of affected citizens to retain firearms , saying that , “ What we ’ve seen in Louisiana – the breakdown of law and order in the aftermath of disaster – is exactly the kind of situation where the Second Amendment was intended to allow citizens to protect themselves . ”
The searches received little news coverage , though reaction from groups such as the NRA , the Second Amendment Foundation , and Gun Owners of America was immediate and heated , and a lawsuit was filed September 22 by the NRA and SA F on behalf of two firearm owners whose firearms were seized .
On September 23 , the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana issued a restraining order to bar further firearms confiscations .
I find it interesting that Eddie Compass was later forced to resign .
His actions in Katrina lead to a lawsuit , injunction and eventually a temporary restraining order against the gun-grabbing .
The end result of this was the Disaster Recovery Personal Protection Act of 2006 .
I felt it was worth mentioning how the agency handles emergencies , with specific regards towards the general population .
If the government can use social and economic disasters to their advantage , why would they not do the same with natural disasters ?
Or perhaps FEMA ’s actions reflect they are preparing for a different sort of emergency .
The emerging social emergency caused by refugees , immigrants , and possible civil unrest .
What is a FEMA camp ?
I could narrow it down to some facility controlled by FEMA .
Though since FEMA was absorbed by the DHS in 2003 , perhaps it should now be DHS / FEMA Camps
Federal Emergency Management Agency
Following the September 11 , 2001 attacks , Congress passed the Homeland Security Act of 2002 , which created the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) to better coordinate among the different federal agencies that deal with law enforcement , disaster preparedness and recovery , border protection and civil defense .
FEMA was absorbed into DHS in 2003 .
As a result , FEMA became part of the Emergency Preparedness and Response Directorate of Department of Homeland Security , and employs more than 2,600 full time employees .
It would seem that DHS camps will soon be a reality .
Homeland Security To Build Detention Camps In The United States
Contract awarded to Halliburton subsidiary KBR .
ARLINGTON , Va. –( BUSINESS WIRE ) –Jan. 24 , 2006 –KBR announced today that the Department of Homeland Security ’s ( DHS ) U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) component has awarded KBR an Indefinite Delivery / Indefinite Quantity ( IDIQ ) contingency contract to support ICE facilities in the event of an emergency .
KBR is the engineering and construction subsidiary of Halliburton ( NYSE : HAL ) .
The contract , which is effective immediately , provides for establishing temporary detention and processing capabilities to augment existing ICE Detention and Removal Operations ( DRO ) Program facilities in the event of an emergency influx of immigrants into the U.S. , or to support the rapid development of new programs .
Halliburton & KBR Win Bids To Build Detention Camps in US
Homeland Security Contracts for Vast New Detention Camps – NAM
The contract — announced Jan. 24 by the engineering and construction firm KBR — calls for preparing for “ an emergency influx of immigrants , or to support the rapid development of new programs ” in the event of other emergencies , such as “ a natural disaster . ”
The release offered no details about where Halliburton was to build these facilities , or when .
ICE Detention and Removal Operations ( DRO ) Program facilities in the event of an emergency influx of immigrants into the U.S. , or to support the rapid development of new programs .
That last sentence is very important to tie in the historical basis for the FEMA camp story , it is almost a direct quote from REX84 Operation Cable Splicer .
Lets begin with REX84
Oliver North Questioned – Rex 84 Exposed During Iran Contra
REX - 84 and Night Train 84 , were drafted and run by FEMA ’s contact person with the National Security Agency , one Lt. Col. Oliver North .
Oliver North wo n’t go to prison even though he lied to Congress , shredded White House documents and accepted a $ 14,000 security fence from an Iran - contra arms profiteer .
His punishment of 1,200 hours of community service , $ 150,000 fine and three years ’ suspended sentence does n’t fit his felonies .
Even a brief imprisonment might have inspired more public officials to comply with the law and legitimate inquiries from Congress .
Perhaps uniquely among convicted felons , Mr. North escapes prison largely because he still will not acknowledge that what he did was a crime and a perversion of public service .
Rex 84
The Rex - 84 Alpha Explan ( Readiness Exercise 1984 , Exercise Plan ; otherwise known as a continuity of government plan ) , indicates that FEMA in association with 34 other federal civil departments and agencies , along with other NATO nations , conducted a civil readiness exercise during April 5 - 13 , 1984 .
It was conducted in coordination and simultaneously with a Joint Chiefs exercise , Night Train 84 , a worldwide military command post exercise ( including Continental U.S. Forces or CONUS ) based on multi-emergency scenarios operating both abroad and at home .
In the combined exercise , Rex - 84 Bravo , FEMA and DOD led the other federal agencies and departments , including the Central Intelligence Agency , the Secret Service , the Treasury , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , and the Veterans Administration through a gaming exercise to test military assistance in civil defense .
More specifically the two subprograms , the first ‘ Operation Cable Splicer ’ and second ‘ Operation Garden Plot ’
Operation Cable Splicer
Operation Cable Splicer is a subprogram of the Rex 84 Program , which “ was established on the reasoning that if a ‘ mass exodus ’ of illegal aliens crossed the Mexican / US border , they would be quickly rounded up and detained in detention centers by FEMA .
Rex 84 allowed many military bases to be closed down and to be turned into prisons . ”
Homeland Security Detention Center - Taylor TX .
Operation Cable Splicer is “ the program for an orderly takeover of the state and local governments by the federal government .
FEMA is the executive arm of the coming police state and thus will head up all operations .
The Presidential Executive Orders already listed on the Federal Register also are part of the legal framework for this operation .
ICE Detention and Removal Operations ( DRO ) Program facilities in the event of an emergency influx of immigrants into the U.S .
So it seems to be they are still using the same play book , despite the name change .
Now what about this ‘ Operation Garden Plot ’ ?
Operation Garden Plot
The official name of this project is called “ Operation Garden Plot . ”
Under this plan for the deployment of Operation Garden Plot , the use of CIDCON - 1 will be mandatory .
This direct support of civil disturbance control operations is to be used by the Army , USAF , Navy , and Marine Corp. with an airlift force to be comprised of MAC Organic Airlift Resources , airlift capable aircraft of all other USAF major commands , and all other aerial reconnaissance and Airborne Psychological Operations .
This is to include control communications systems , aeromedical evacuation , helicopter and Weather Support Systems .
Operation Garden Plot Activated
If any civil disturbance by a resistance group , religious organization , or other persons considered to be non-conformist takes place , under Appendix 3 to Annex B of Plan 55 - 2 hereby gives all Federal forces total power over the situation if local and state authorities cannot put down said dissenters .
Annex A , section B of Operation Garden Plot defines tax protesters , militia groups , religious cults , and general anti-government dissenters as Disruptive Elements .
This calls for the deadly force to be used against any extremist or dissident perpetrating any and all forms of civil disorder .
“ to support the rapid development of new programs ”
Operation Garden Plot
2 TAB A APPENDIX 1 TO ANNEX S USAF CIVIL DISTURBANCE PLAN 55 - 2 EXHIBIT POR : SGH , JCS Pub 6 , Vol 5 , AFR 160 - 5 hereby provides for America ’s military and the National Guard State Partnership Program to join with United Nations personal in said operations .
This links selected U.S. National Guard units with the Defense Ministries of “ Partnership For Peace . ”
This was done in an effort to provide military support to civil authorities in response to civil emergencies .
Under Presidential Decision Directive No. 25 , this program serves to cement people to relationships between the citizens of the United States , and the global military of the UN establishments of the emerging democracies of Central and Eastern European countries .
This puts all of our National Guardsmen under the direct jurisdiction of the United Nations .
I read this over and again and it still blows me away .
Foreign troops given power to police American soil .
Read it again and be sure to note ‘ Civil Disturbance Plan ’ .
What sort of emergency where the existing measures could warrant an international response ?
Consider a major catastrophic event on a nation wide scale , something many times more devastating then Katrina .
Would you feel comfortable with martial law consisting of our own troops ?
This provides for martial law where the police are not even U.S. citizens .
Could it be they know they can not count on American troops to fire on the people they are trained to protect ?
I ’m sure those who feel no bond toward the people of the US would have much less of a problem with that .
What is happening today which might require some sort of military intervention ?
Seems the U.S. is suffering a bit of financial trouble .
Many people overextended themselves and have left their homes for the shelter of tents , which has caused tent cities to pop up around America .
Meanwhile south of the border Mexico is dripping with blood , 5,000 drug murders in 2008 , and martial law is in effect to battle the cartels .
Martial Law In Juarez Mexico
Schwarzenegger Sets Up Homeland Security “ Camps ” for Homeless ( and those who will be rounded up later )
American Tent Cities
Schwarzenegger To Provide Government Camps For Homeless
Plans to shut down tent cities in California and relocate homeless people to government - run facilities have stoked fears that the move could be a pretext for a wider internment of Americans in the event of a total economic collapse
That story mentions “ A new bill introduced in Congress authorizes the Department of Homeland Security to set up a network of FEMA camp facilities to be used to house U.S. citizens in the event of a national emergency . ”
Perhaps all of those alleged FEMA camps on military bases require a bit more legitimacy .
The bill could ‘ grandfather in ’ what may be existing facilities like those known to exist at Camp Grayling .
GovTrack : H.R. 645 : Text of Legislation , Introduced in House National Emergency Centers Establishment Act
If passed this legislation would allow the DHS to establish national emergency centers on military installations .
According to the text “ not fewer than 6 ” on any installation .
These emergency centers save the trouble of building camps by using existing infrastructure for our own good .
The closed military installations can be transfered to the control of Homeland Security .
Until this passes Halliburton will be profiting from the guaranteed event of a massive influx of illegal immigrants or “ planned acts of violence or civil disobedience which , are seized upon by a dedicated group of dissidents who plan and incite purposeful acts designed to disrupt social order ” .
Maybe we can hope KBR lobbies against the bill so they continue to receive tax - payer money to build shiny new camps , which will take much longer but at least future detainees will have modern facilities .
Federal emergency planning consists of taking it ’s problems and moving them into nice facilities .
Emerging threats include militants , right - wing extremists , white - supremacists , and maybe someone you know who is stockpiling food just in case they do n’t want to depend on Homeland Security to take care of them in an emergency .
They ca n’t have people taking care of themselves when times get tough .
Epoch Times – Homeland Security Warns of Right wing Extremists
The similarities between the social and economic situation in the 1990s to the current situation are a growing concern to the DHS .
Back then there was a growth in violent acts from the groups against government facilities , law enforcement officers , and infrastructure sectors .
Kissinger : Obama Will Create A New World Order
These same issues are becoming even more of a concern for these groups , as the current world state is bringing them to the culmination of their conspiracies .
“ Historically , domestic rightwing extremists have feared , predicted , and anticipated a cataclysmic economic collapse in the United States , ” the report says .
We Are Under Martial Law !
As Declared By The Speaker Last Night !
Rep Burgess
The report concludes that the DHS will be working with its state and local partners over the next several months to find out more about rightwing extremists activity in the United States “ with a particular emphasis on the political , economic , and social factors that drive rightwing extremist radicalization . ”
Here we have the DHS who has the plans for martial law .
The executive orders and the PATRIOT Act which result in the suspension of the U.S. Constitution .
Now the creation of citizen camps which are being used to house victims of a failed economy .
Though the media is calling people who know about it ‘ Conspiracy theorists ’ .
Glen Beck and Popular Mechanics – the truth stops here .
Ironically by attempting to disprove what they consider conspiracy theories , they have confirmed their position .
At best they are failed journalists , and at worst they deliberately deceive the public .
CNN Host calls for Military to Silence any Domestic Dissent in America
Complaints and demands for a retraction and an apology are flooding CNN today after Neo - Con host Glenn Beck and ex-Marxist David Horowitz smeared Ron Paul supporters , libertarians and the anti-war left as terrorist sympathizers and inferred that the U.S. military should be used to silence them , parroting a talking point that traces back to a September 2006 White House directive .
Did n’t that ‘ Operation Garden Plot ’ mention something about using the military to silence dissidents ?
Operation Garden Plot
If any civil disturbance by a resistance group , religious organization , or other persons considered to be non-conformist takes place , under Appendix 3 to Annex B of Plan 55 - 2 hereby gives all Federal forces total power over the situation if local and state authorities cannot put down said dissenters .
Annex A , section B of Operation Garden Plot defines tax protesters , militia groups , religious cults , and general anti-government dissenters as Disruptive Elements .
This calls for the deadly force to be used against any extremist or dissident perpetrating any and all forms of civil disorder .
DNC Protesters Detained In Camps
Militia
“ I ask , sir , what is the militia ?
It is the whole people , except for a few public officials . ”
— George Mason , in Debates in Virginia Convention on
Ratification of the Constitution , Elliot , Vol. 3 , June 16 , 1788
Popular mechanics has already stuck its neck out once before in an attempt to debunk theories .
What they showed us is either a lack of research , or a willingness to avoid the real facts and inconsistencies surrounding the official story of 9/11 .
Popular Mechanics ’ Assault on 9/11 Truth
This sounds impressive , but the article provides no evidence to back up these claims .
It provides no footnotes to source its many assertions , and despite the scores of experts listed in its final section the article cites only a handful of them , and mostly to refute its straw - man claims .
Moreover , bold unsubstantiated claims in the article — such as PM ’s assertion that there was only a single interception in the decade before 9/11/01 — do n’t inspire confidence in PM ’s professional fact checkers .
It echoes the discredited assertions of official reports such as FEMA ’s World Trade Center Building Performance Study and the 9/11 Commission Report .
It provides no evidence PM investigated the attack — only evidence that it investigated the 9/11 Truth movement in order to determine how best to discredit it through misrepresentation .
Already this Hearst publication has lived up to its ‘ Yellow Journalism ‘ history .
It seems they have done it again in this recent attempt to ‘ debunk ’ the FEMA camps .
They investigated the conspiracy theories , without bothering to do any legitimate research .
Glenn Beck Invites James “ Yellow Journalism ” Meigs To Debunk FEMA Camps
Despite admitting that they have n’t deeply researched the issue , Meigs makes it clear that they have already decided it “ is n’t true ” – proving once again that the whole process is n’t about really getting to the bottom of the issue , it ’s about debunking a perfectly provable fact by means of strawman tactics and deceitful reasoning .
“ It looks from our early reporting like a classic conspiracy theory , ” claims Meigs , adding , “ Little grains of truth all adding up to something that really is n’t true . ”
So what did they say exactly about the FEMA camps ?
Debunking The FEMA Concentration Camp conspiracies Part 1
FOXNews.com – Debunking Web Myths About FEMA Camps – Glenn Beck
what we did was we looked into these claims .
You know , you ca n’t go and visit every one of the 600 sites that some of these conspiracy theorists claim .
They took some popular examples of unfounded claims ( conspiracy theories ) and debunked them , just as they did with the 9/11 story .
If I found someone on the internet that claimed the moon was really made of cheese , and spent five minutes going over how they were wrong , have I really done any debunking ?
we started looking at the ones that are most popular on the Internet .
The first debunked FEMA camp is the Amtrak repair facility in Beach Grove , Indiana .
FOXNews.com – Debunking Web Myths About FEMA Camps – Glenn Beck
MEIGS : Well , it is not very hard to find , like many of these things .
The truth is actually fairly evident .
This is an Amtrak repair facility in Beach Grove , Indiana .
The woman who made this video initially claimed that it ’s some kind of American Auschwitz .
And they have outfitted buildings with gas and they ’ve got these strange turnstiles .
In fact , it is a repair facility .
We sent a crew there the other day and we got …
( CROSSTALK )
BECK : Is this your video ?
MEIGS : Yes .
So initially , they had some old buildings that were boarded up that have since been knocked down .
But we also went inside the other buildings , and sure enough , what did we find ?
They were repairing trains in there .
BECK : Well , trains , I believe — well , Auschwitz had trains .
I ’m just saying .
MEIGS : But once you go down that road , if somebody wants to be convinced of that , they ca n’t really debunk that .
BECK : Do we have the video with audio ?
Because if we do n’t , I do n’t really care .
The video with the audio about the boarded - up buildings with the gas chambers .
Do you have that ?
( BEGIN VIDEO CLIP )
UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE ( voice - over ) :
In yet another fenced area , we see a large warehouse building at the end with the electronic turnstiles in front of it .
( END VIDEO CLIP )
BECK : OK .
That they were putting gas heaters of some sort in there .
MEIGS : Right .
And what we found out is — first of all , one of those buildings has been knocked down .
The other ones were upgraded .
Their heating system was obsolete .
And more than 15 years ago , they upgraded them to gas heat so they could work on the trains .
BECK : These videos — they ’re not new .
Everybody is saying , oh , this is an Obama thing .
I thought this was a Bush thing because of Halliburton and everything else .
But that ’s not even true .
MEIGS : No , this video actually dates from about 1995 .
But like so many of these conspiracy theories , it gets re-cut and re-edited and circulated around the Internet .
So some people who are looking at it have no idea what the original source was .
BECK : OK .
So the turnstiles are there for — they were there .
They ’re not there anymore ?
MEIGS : Right .
The turnstiles were just ordinary subway turnstiles , familiar to anybody who ’s ridden subways in New York .
And they were used to clock in and out their employees .
Now , they ’ve replaced them with small kiosks that have time clocks .
FEMA Camp / Beach Grove Indiana
Notice Beck states “ Do we have the video with audio ?
Because if we do n’t , I do n’t really care . ”
How is he supposed to form an opinion without reviewing the evidence ?
Maybe he wanted Popular Mechanics to do the thinking for him ( and his audience ) .
The video starts out with “ The FEMA plans to imprison American citizens .
These plans are the basis for the search for existing FEMA camps .
I wo n’t suggest the location in Beach Grove is anything other then an Amtrak repair facility .
Perhaps the military train and other military equipment at the site is not remarkable because Amtrak itself is a government - owned corporation .
BECK : Who is the woman voicing this ?
MEIGS : Her name is Linda Thompson .
And back in the ’90s , she was one of the leaders of the so - called militia movement .
And she made a number of videos …
BECK : Wait .
This is the militia movement that — what ’s his name — Timothy McVeigh was involved with ?
MEIGS : That ’s right .
BECK : OK .
MEIGS : And I am not necessarily tying her to that .
BECK : Yes .
MEIGS : And yet , at one point , even many of her fellow people in the militia movement started to move away from her a little bit when she recommended are that some of her followers should march on Washington and start executing senators .
BECK : So she was too extreme for militia members ?
MEIGS : Apparently , yes .
BECK : Apparently .
OK .
MEIGS : And yet , you ’ll see a video made by someone like that embraced by people all over the political spectrum without really knowing what the source is or without checking out if it is remotely accurate .
Once more for emphasis .
MEIGS : Her name is Linda Thompson .
And back in the ’90s , she was one of the leaders of the so - called militia movement .
And she made a number of videos …
BECK : Wait .
This is the militia movement that — what ’s his name — Timothy McVeigh was involved with ?
MEIGS : That ’s right .
BECK : OK .
MEIGS : And I am not necessarily tying her to that .
BECK : Yes .
Beck managed to work in the militia movement , and ties it to Timothy McVeigh .
The sort of rightwing people the government documents indicate the camps are intended for .
I was watching the news live when the Oklahoma city bombing reports started coming in , and I vividly remember people on the scene talking about multiple explosions .
Similarly on 9/11 I heard the exact same thing .
Remembering the lies about the Oklahoma city bombing I knew when I saw those two buildings implode the planes had as much to do with the collapse of the towers as the box truck had to do with the damage of the federal building in Oklahoma City .
There are a number of similarities between the two incidents .
It seems misters Beck and Meigs have pre-formed world views which allow them to ignore inconsistencies in information presented from what are considered ‘ Official Sources ’ .
Returning to the topic at hand , I leave you with this .
FEDERAL MURDER
It has been nearly 10 years since Oklahoma City ’s Murrah building was blown apart one quiet April morning .
Contrary to news reports , the persons found guilty and sentenced for the Murrah bombing atrocity could not have been solely responsible .
The next theory debunked is based on this altered photograph .
The name of the made - up facility , “ Swift Luck Greens , ” is an anagram for “ Left Wing Suckers ” .
With this fact it would seem that Glenn ’s own site admits this hoax was created by the ‘ right ’ in an attack on the ‘ left ’ and the FEMA camp story in general .
Why Are Internet Conspiracy Theories So Difficult to Debunk ?
part of a report done by a human rights group that is focused on human rights violations in North Korea .
Somebody went in and pulled these photos off their Web site , slapped the Department of Homeland Security logo on it and claimed that these are on American soil .
Why are internet conspiracy theories so difficult to debunk ?
For people like Glen Beck conspiracy theories take them down a dark pathway .
Where they are forced to shine the light in forbidden places , exposing things they have trained their minds to ignore .
The debunking continues with ‘ Camp Grayling ’ .
It is a National Guard base , which does have prison facilities for training military police in war - time prisoner handling .
I wonder what kind of prisoner handling ?
Literal handling ?
Or perhaps the Abu Ghraib sort ?
Furthermore , would n’t this classify Camp Grayling as a mock ‘ POW ’ camp ?
The list of supposed FEMA camps has a number of old POW camps that did exist on US soil that a have possibly been recommissioned .
On top of this , how ‘ mock ’ is this prison ?
Are the walls made of cardboard ?
Could it be used to actually house immigrants or those guilty of dissent ?
The new proposed legislation would utilize existing military installations for such things .
After touching on this camp , the host begins to prepare his defense against the personal attacks that would surely follow such a failure to report the truth .
The audience is setup by debunking more straw man facts .
They claim what they are telling people is the truth .
They reassure the audience they are reporting based on evidence .
Though the only reporting done was investigation of a small disprovable fractions of the whole story .
They mention 9/11 , tying in this debunking of the FEMA camps with their previous failure .
In the end they make themselves look even more foolish by discussing the JFK assassination , another event that changed the world where the official story does not fit the facts .
Actually according to Meigs they are the conspiracy theorists because they went into this investigation with a world view where FEMA camps could not exist , and ignored the facts .
Debunking The FEMA Concentration Camp conspiracies Part 2
if you really tried to debunk these things we should prove the truth .
and I think this is why the mainstream media does n’t do it
FOXNews.com – Why Are Internet Conspiracy Theories So Difficult to Debunk ?
– Glenn Beck
BECK : OK .
Show me the pictures of Camp Grayling .
Do we have the picture of the watchtowers ?
This is pretty spooky .
This is where Americans are currently being held , I believe , they ’re saying .
MEIGS : People say all kinds of things .
And these pictures have been floating around the Internet for more than 10 years .
In fact , Camp Grayling is the largest National Guard training facility in the U.S.
They train Army , Navy , Marines .
And one of the groups they train is military police .
And in fact , one of the functions they train them for is handling prisoners of war in a battle zone like Iraq .
So that ’s what that facility is intended for .
BECK : So James , here is what I — here ’s I guess where I want to go .
You and I both — I mean , and there ’s others — if you really tried to debunk these things and I think this is why the mainstream media does n’t do it .
First of all , do you believe — because I do n’t think we should set out in anything to debunk it or to prove it right .
We should prove the truth .
MEIGS : Well , it is called reporting .
BECK : Oh , I did n’t know that !
MEIGS : When somebody makes a claim about facts , you do n’t make up your mind in advance .
You go and you look at the facts , you look at the evidence .
What ’s frightening about the conspiracy theorists is that they really have already made up their minds in a lot of cases .
And so when you come along and say , “ You know , we checked out that claim you ’re making .
It turns out it is not exactly true . ”
They do n’t say , “ OK .
Let me go back and maybe I should check my facts again . ”
They say , “ Clearly , you are a part of it . ”
BECK : Right .
You and I both have been “ part of it ” now .
We ’re a part of it .
I was actually — somebody called me the grand architect for 9/11 , because I came from nowhere .
And my rise has been , in their eyes , so meteoric , which I worked for 30 years in radio .
But it happened “ so fast , ” that the only thing that could explain it is that I was the media architect on the cover - up of 9/11 .
MEIGS : And you could see how people are searching to make these conspiracies get bigger and bigger .
Because the core facts they have been blaming on the 9/11 conspiracies , which Popular Mechanics — the way a lot of this started is we ’ve investigated these for several years .
But every time you knock down a certain fact that someone is claiming , they have to expand the conspiracy .
So now , you ’re in it .
We are in it .
Anybody who believes the mainstream view is somehow tied up .
There must be hundreds of thousands of people now keeping this secret .
And yet , somehow it has never leaked .
BECK : We have always had conspiracies .
I mean , you know , growing up ,
I remember , “ Oh , no .
It was n’t Lee Harvey Oswald .
Oh , no , no , no .
You do n’t know . ”
Where did these come from ?
Why are these — because there are so many of them now .
As I see it , it is a combination of you have access to photos , information , easy to make videos , easy to make things look real .
And there is no filter on the Internet , so people can just say and do whatever they want , which is fine with me .
But then the other side is journalism does n’t mean anything anymore .
I mean , the things that have been said and written , where it ’s a blatant lie or it ’s just part of the truth .
So the media and Washington and everything else has so disenfranchised people they do n’t believe that anymore .
Is that what caused it to get so bad now ?
MEIGS : There are a lot of elements to this .
And this goes back to the 19th century , suspicion about different groups and plots and conspiracies of all sorts .
It is a deep part of our culture .
But today , what you ’re seeing is the Internet makes it a lot easier .
And people are skeptical .
And that ’s not a bad thing .
It ’s actually healthy to ask questions .
It ’s healthy to be skeptical .
But then , you ’ve got to pay attention to the facts .
BECK : Right .
The problem somebody is you ’re not being skeptical , because I think that is exactly —
Thomas Jefferson said , “ Question with boldness even the very existence of God , for if there be a God , he must surely rather honest questioning over blindfolded fear . ”
That has guided my life for the last 15 years .
And the thing is not just question with boldness , honest questioning .
You ’re not trying to prove an agenda .
You do n’t care .
Your agenda is the truth .
And conspiracy theorists do n’t seem to care either .
MEIGS : Well , what you see is there is a huge difference between skepticism and cynicism .
And a lot of people say they are being skeptical are really just deeply , deeply cynical .
Skepticism means asking questions , listening to the answers , approaching the facts with good faith .
And when you find a fact that does n’t support your world view , maybe you ’d better change your world view .
Conspiracy theorists tend to come in with a world view that is fixed .
And then when they find facts that do n’t work , they just ignore those facts .
BECK : OK .
Jim , thank you very much .
MEIGS : All right .
My pleasure .
Speaking of secret projects too big to hide , what about this ?
Manhattan Project
Born out of a small research program in 1939 , the Manhattan Project eventually employed more than 130,000 people and cost nearly $ 2 billion USD ( $ 24 billion in 2008 dollars based on CPI ) .
It resulted in the creation of multiple production and research sites that operated in secret .
More recent then the Manhattan Project , I remember when area - 51 was still a conspiracy theory .
So it is very possible for the government to carry out secret domestic operations , even when they involve the creation of the largest building in the world .
It seems clandestine operations can be carried out on American soil under the noses of the people , and off the official books .
It is no stretch of the mind to consider a large number of people could be involved in some sort of operation when compartmentalized and working on only one tiny aspect of it .
One small piece of the puzzle which creates a big picture that only a very few can see .
On the other hand I am finding it hard to believe there are hundreds of massive FEMA camps all over the United States that are staffed and not in operation .
Massive facilities that in almost 15 years no one has ever been able confirm .
That seems to be as far as the Beck interview about the FEMA camps went , after debunking only two of the alleged sites they change the subject .
On the Popular Mechanics site they change up and go after the “ Hundreds of thousands of plastic coffins ” .
Now I want you to think about this for a second .
Why would they bury millions of their enemies in individual graves ?
I think history shows us that the disposal of bodies would be in mass graves .
I find it doubtful if a segment of the population was rounded up and interned in these supposed death camps , there would be any chance of even a paupers burial .
Debunking FEMA Concentration Camps – The Truth Behind FEMA Camp Sites
The black polypropylene products purported to be coffins are grave liners , or burial vaults , manufactured by Convington , Ga. - based Vantage Products .
( In this case , they are examples of the company ’s Standard Air Seal model . )
The use of a burial vault , which prevents the collapse of cemetery ground and protects the casket , is a common requirement when a body is interred .
The filmed lot in Madison , Ga. , is a Vantage storage facility .
Of the 900,000 or so in - ground burials in the U.S. each year , a small percentage of those people prearranged their own caskets and vaults — which Vanguard holds at the storage facility until the appropriate time .
According to company Vice President of Operations Michael Lacey , there are approximately 50,000 vaults in storage in Madison .
“ It ’s nowhere near the quantity they talk about on the Internet , ” he told the local Morgan County Citizen newspaper .
Furthermore , Lacey has said the company maintains detailed records of product ownership and is audited annually , to insure all vaults are accounted for .
How can they claim to call this article ‘ The Truth Behind FEMA Camp Sites ’ ?
They have mentioned no truth at all , they have only destroyed straw men to get ratings and sell subscriptions .
After going over the coffin liners they finally bother to mention some history , and then tie it into the X - Files , again an attempt to discredit even valid information by associating it with science fiction .
Interesting note on Bruce Ackerman .
He is a Yale contemporary of both John Kerry and George W. Bush .
Though he is not a listed Skull and Bones member so I will not call him as such .
However he is one of the most frequently cited legal academics in the country .
What he says in this context makes perfect sense , but the failure here is to actually look at what has come to pass in the 47 years .
The failure is to look at what is happening now in relation to the executive orders , and to look at the people those orders give the ultimate power too .
It could be that Mr. Ackerman is excellent at pandering , after all he must get cited so often for saying what the media wants the people to hear .
Debunking FEMA Concentration Camps – The Truth Behind FEMA Camp Sites
According to Bruce Ackerman , Sterling Professor of Law and Political Science at Yale Law School , “ The question of whether executive power could be abused so as to act inconsistently with the law has been a central constitutional concern for years .
But the question in this case is whether it ’s right to look at 47 - year - old executive orders without studying what came after them .
And the answer there is obviously no . ”
Executive Orders of Tyranny
The Lone Gunmen
The Lone Gunmen , a spin - off of the popular series
The X - Files , was a television show that aired on FOX , featuring the characters of the same name .
The show first aired in March 2001 and , despite good reviews , was canceled due to a drop in ratings .
The last episode aired in June 2001 .
The debut of the show in March 2001 , began with Byers ’ father faking his death to uncover a conspiracy to hijack an airliner .
The Lone Gunmen try to get to the truth of his supposed death and uncover the conspiracy .
One retrospectively interesting aspect of this pilot episode is that the airliner has been hijacked ( via remote control of the plane ’s autopilot ) and , by the end , both Byers and his father have boarded the plane to try to stop the hijacking .
Through the aid of the other Gunmen , they are able to regain control of the plane and just miss crashing into the World Trade Center with the airliner .
This , of course , is before the actual attack against the Trade Centers later that year .
911 Conspiracy predicted in X Files
The executive orders form another big part of the FEMA camp story .
To summarize they literally give the government control over everything in the country .
This includes you and your possessions , both of which can be forced into some service such as labor .
Piled on top of these orders are the FEMA camp stories .
Most searching will come up with this same claim which seems to have been passed around the internet for more or less ten years .
I remember reading about the executive orders that far back .
The typical site has the exact same text , it covers the executive orders , and then goes into the story of Terry Kings .
This is the FEMA camp internet conspiracy theory .
It ’s always the same story with very little difference .
600 ( or maybe 400 , or 800 ) camps in the US , which is then confirmed by an alleged eye - witness account .
FEMA Concentration and Internment Camps
There over 600 prison camps in the United States , all fully operational and ready to receive prisoners .
They are all staffed and even surrounded by full - time guards , but they are all empty .
These camps are to be operated by FEMA ( Federal Emergency Management Agency ) should Martial Law need to be implemented in the United States .
Think about these claims for a moment .
Assuming each of these camps has only one employee acting as staff / guard / custodian that lives on the site , I still find it hard to believe there are as many as six - hundred government employees that are paid to sit around and do nothing .
Jokes aside , obviously these facilities would require more then one employee , assuming they had four people who each were working twelve hour shifts seven days a week that would be twenty - four hundred people .
Their salaries alone would equal up to well over one - hundred million dollars .
If you include obvious costs of maintenance , insurance , utilities , public relations , and whatever else sort of overhead , then it adds up to be a fairly expensive operation .
I would estimate that maintaining these camps would cost a billion of dollar a year in operations , maintenance , utilities , and so on .
We do know the government has what is called the ‘ black budget ‘ .
What this means is they get money from other clandestine operations such as the CIA ’s cocaine smuggling operation , for which no public records are maintained .
Yes it is real .
It was still going on when Clinton was in office , and It ’s still going on now .
Guess who lost their job for involvement in all of this ?
Oliver North
During the early and mid 1980s , Lt. Colonel North was alleged to participate in organizing the transportation of cocaine and marijuana from the various sites in Central and South America into the United States as a means of funding the Contra rebels .
Congressional records show North was tasked with finding funding “ outside the CIA ” after the Boland Amendment cut off funding for the Contras in October , 1984 .
On February 10 , 1986 , Robert Owen , North ’s liaison with the Contras , wrote North regarding a plane being used to carry “ humanitarian aid ” to the Contras that was previously used to transport drugs .
The plane belonged to the Miami - based company Vortex , which is run by Michael Palmer , one of the largest marijuana traffickers in the United States .
Despite Palmer ’s long history of drug smuggling , Palmer receives over $ 300,000 from the Nicaraguan Humanitarian Aid Office ( NHAO ) — an office overseen by Oliver North , Assistant Secretary of State for Inter - American Affairs Elliott Abrams , and CIA officer Alan Fiers — to ferry supplies to the Contras .
US Government dealing Cocaine in Mena Arkansas Part 2
Thats right , good Ole ’ Ollie North .
Same guy who was behind REX84 .
You remember REX84 ?
Thats why were here talking about FEMA camps , and how they might fund their operation .
On a personal note I used to live near Mena , Arkansas , and the locals all know about the Cocaine Importation Agency ’s operations .
Just four tons of cocaine
Id estimate are worth about three - hundred million dollars .
If we imagine that is just one flight on one day , and not include any other sources of clandestine income , that comes out to be over one - hundred billion dollars a year on the black budget .
Though what do you want to bet that Glenn Beck and Popular Mechanics would n’t want to touch this story with a ten - foot - pole .
Whats
Ollie north doing these days anyway ?
Oh thats right he ’s got his own show on Fox News now .
Way to consistently reward negative behavior .
Back to the Conspiracy Theory
By Emma Wilkinson
BBC News health reporter
Prostate cancer is a major killer Vitamin D is an effective treatment for prostate cancer in some patients , a UK study suggests .
A once daily dose reduced PSA level - an indicator of severity of disease - by as much as half in 20 % of patients .
There has been much interest in vitamin D in prostate cancer after studies linking risk of the disease to sunlight exposure , the researchers said .
One expert agreed the findings were encouraging but said it needed to be tested in a bigger population .
The trial - results of which are due to be published in the journal BJU International - was set up after one patient got better when his wife bought him some vitamin D tablets .
The role of supplements in the prevention and treatment of prostate cancer is an area which deserves a greater level of research attention
John Neate , The Prostate Cancer Charity Professor Jonathan Waxman , said the example had prompted him to assess the effects in a wider group of patients .
Out of 26 men with recurrent prostate cancer , who took a daily dose of vitamin D2 bought from the chemist , five responded to the treatment .
In two the PSA level , fell by more than half , in two by 25 - 50 % and in one man it fell by less than 25 % .
The effects in one man were sustained for 36 months .
Welcome addition Study leader Professor Jonathan Waxman , from Imperial College London , said vitamin D therapy was effective and well - tolerated .
" It 's very interesting - there has been no significant trial of vitamin D. " This is a treatment which is unlikely to have significant toxicity and is a welcome addition to the therapeutic options for patients with prostate cancer . "
He agreed that a further trial in a larger number of patients , comparing vitamin D with a dummy pill was warranted .
One theory is that vitamin D interferes with the effect of the androgen receptor , which is stimulated by hormones such as testosterone and implicated in prostate cancer .
John Neate , chief executive of The Prostate Cancer Charity , said it was not the first study looking at vitamin D in the disease but a consensus on the benefits had not been reached .
" This small scale study investigating the use of vitamin D as a ' stand alone ' treatment for men with progressive prostate cancer provides a valuable additional perspective .
" Many men with prostate cancer may wonder whether they should take vitamin D supplements to control their disease .
" This study does not answer that question , but maintaining a good level of vitamin D is recommended as part of a generally healthy lifestyle .
" The role of supplements in the prevention and treatment of prostate cancer is an area which deserves a greater level of research attention . "
Professor Malcolm Mason , Cancer Research UK prostate cancer expert based at Cardiff University agreed the results were encouraging but more evidence was needed .
" We advise men with prostate cancer to consult their doctor before taking vitamin D supplements . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Spring is in full swing , summer is nigh , and the cherry blossoms in Toronto ’s beautiful High Park are a sight to see .
We cycled to the 398 acre park along the Martin Goodman trail to see the beautiful Japanese trees blossoming .
The sun came out periodically , though there was overcast most of the day .
A family of Canada Geese were crossing the path when we arrived :
The baby Geese were adorable .
This little one was having trouble opening his eyes :
He let me get within 2 feet of him without any concern :
This goose was taking a nap and did n’t mind that I was mere inches away :
When the sun was hiding behind the clouds it became chilly , so the 6 little goslings tucked themselves under their Mom ’s wing to keep warm :
Are You Letting Your Fear Get The Best Of You ?
You might have encountered someone who has a fear of flying â€ “ or it could be you who personally have a fear of flying .
Basically , these phobias are something that people would have to deal with at one point or another .
By definition , a phobia is that irrational fear of a certain object , situation , person or activity .
When you have a phobia of something , you will feel this anxiety because the thing that you are most fearful of is way beyond your control .
Another aspect of phobias which make it alarming is the fact that it can interfere with your daily life , which is exactly the reason why you do need to find an ‘ antidote ’ for such an anxiety disorder .
There ’s an estimated 18 % of the American adult population which is suffering from some kind of phobia .
Now , there are actually three types of phobias which an individual may possess .
First , there ’s the simple phobia like fear of spiders or heights .
Second , there ’s the social phobias wherein you are fearful of being in a social situation that may cause you humiliation .
Third , there ’s the agoraphobia which is defined as the fear of being away from some place safe .
In addition , there are the bizarre phobias which involve a person being fearful of something that is perfectly normal for other human beings .
Nobody really knows the reason behind the development of phobias but they can be triggered by a traumatic experience .
The physical manifestations of a person suffering from a particular type of phobia include panic disorders , breathlessness and anxiety attacks .
A Look At The Top 12 Most Unusual Phobias That People Have
But what if you fear is something that is perfectly natural for most people ?
Here , we will take a look at the top 12 most bizarre phobias that people have .
1. Phobia : Arachibutyrophobia
Definition : Fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of one ’s mouth .
Yes , you heard it right .
Although this fear may be worthy of a slot in a Saturday Night Live skit or an episode of “ The Simpsons “ , it is indeed a fear that actually exists .
For some people , the prospect of eating a peanut butter jelly sandwich may prove to be a challenging task .
This is because of the fear that they have of the peanut butter sticking to the roof of their mouth .
One can only wonder what they would do in such a situation .
2. Phobia : Ephebiphobia
Definition : Fear of youth or teenagers .
This is one bizarre fear which actually has a more complex background .
According to sociologists , one ’s fear of the youth or teenagers may be attributed to the generation gap .
This is especially true when it comes to the segregation of the young and adult group in the American society .
What a person with ephebiphobia is actually fearful of is being rejected by teenagers , which is why they usually cover their fear with a permissive attitude towards them .
3. Phobia : Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia
Definition : Fear of long words .
The name of the phobia itself may battle the number of letters contained in the longest word â€ “ but it ’s actually something that those who have a fear of long words would actually be wary of .
For one reason or another , there are individuals who have a fear of long words â€ “ the sight of which usually sends them into having a panic attack !
4. Phobia : Ithyphallophobia
Definition : Fear of erections .
Based from the part of the word that says ‘ phallo ‘ , you may already have an idea that this particular phobia has something to do with the penis .
And it ’s exactly right .
Ithyphallophobia is defined as an unwarranted yet persistent fear of an erect penis .
What ’s surprising is that it is a type of phobia which is quite common .
Just as it is with any other type of phobia , being exposed to the thing which you fear most is the usual therapy for patients with this condition .
The physical manifestation of this quite bizarre phobia is the occurrence of panic attacks .
So if you ’re in the middle of having sex and you find that the sight of an erect penis causes you to have an anxiety disorder , chances are you do have this condition .
5. Phobia : Koumpounophobia
Definition : Fear of buttons .
According to the National Phobicâ€™s Society , one in every 75,000 people is affected by this really bizarre fear of buttons .
This usually occurs during one ’s childhood and may or may not persist into adulthood .
The physical manifestations of this fear include being afraid to actually touch a button , or experiencing panic attacks at seeing buttons grouped together .
6. Phobia : Nomophobia
Definition : Fear of being disconnected from the rest of the world if you donâ€™t have contact through mobile phone .
This is probably one common fear that the modern worker has â€ “ although the nature of the phobia itself is quite bizarre .
Nomophobia refers to the fear of being out of mobile phone contact .
If you ’re the type of person who gets all panicky at the thought of being somewhere where there ’s no mobile phone coverage â€ “ or if you obsessively check whether your phone still has a full charge of batteries for fear of being disconnected , then you might have nomophobia .
7. Phobia : Papaphobia
Definition : Fear of the Pope .
Why someone would have a fear of a person who the Catholic Church deems to Holy , nobody really knows .
Papaphobia is definitely one of the most bizarre types of fear on our list â€ “ which is defined as fear of the pope or the papacy .
The physical manifestations of the fear include shortness of breath , nausea , sweating and that unusual feeling of dread .
Aside from the ‘ main man ’ of the Catholic Church , someone who has papaphobia may also be fearful of the Catholic Church itself .
8. Phobia : Peladophobia
Definition : Fear of bald people .
Do n’t confuse this bizarre fear with the fear of going bald , which is actually called phalacrophobia .
This particular phobia is feeling anxiety at the thought of , or actually seeing a bald person .
9. Phobia : Scopophobia
Definition : Fear of being looked at .
What if the condition that you instantly assumed to being an introvert is actually a fear of being looked at or scopophobia ?
Some people do have an intense , often irrational fear of being looked at .
As such , they try to avoid crowded places and they usually feel unsettled if they think that the person behind or beside them is staring .
10 . Phobia : Triskaidekaphobia
Definition : Fear of the number 13 .
Did you know that even Adolf Hitler was famed to have a fear of the number 13 ?
This is probably associated with the myth behind Friday the 13th â€ “ although this particular phobia is called paraskavedekatriaphobia .
If you experience anxiety attacks upon seeing the number 13 printed or written somewhere , and you consciously avoid things which have something to do with the number 13 , then this might be a fear that you have .
11 . Phobia : Trichophobia
Definition : Fear of loose hairs .
If you ’re suffering from hair loss and a person freaks out once they see some loose strands on your shirt or even on the floor where you ’re standing , do n’t be offended .
That person may be suffering from what is known as trichophobia or fear of loose hairs .
12 . Phobia : Vomitophobia
Definition : Fear of vomiting .
Usually associated with eating disorders , vomitophobia is defined as the fear of vomiting .
The fear can also be attributed with fear of being others who are vomiting , or being afraid of vomiting themselves .
The physical manifestation of this type of fear is that a person will stop going to parties , will avoid socializing and will steer clear of situations where they may encounter a person who is vomiting , or be in a situation where they themselves will vomit .
Pop quiz !
What ’s weirder than dead organs sitting around in glass jars ?
Live organs moving around in glass domes .
For patients with late - stage respiratory diseases , finding a new pair of lungs can be … well , about as hard as it sounds .
Currently , about four out of five lung donations are rejected for use , as they do n’t fit the criteria required for a safe transplant .
Keeping an organ alive outside the body is tricky stuff , especially long enough to patch it up .
But what if doctors had enough time to repair donated organs that were initially unfit for transplant ?
For the first time , doctors at Toronto General Hospital have used what is called the XVIVO Lung Perfusion System to repair donated lungs .
Using a ventilator , pump and filter , the new technique can keep lungs breathing in a glass dome for up to 12 hours following donation .
This time window allows doctors to better assess the potential of the organs for transplant , or to repair damaged lungs .
Today , only 25 % of patients can find a lung donation match .
Keeping the lungs alive for a longer period of time improves those odds , increasing lungs ’ chances of being used by as much as 5 to 10 times .
In case you did n’t catch that , lungs are breathing in a glass dome .
Creepy ?
You bet .
The lungs are kept alive at 37 °C , the same temperature as your body .
Vitrolife , an international biotech group , worked with Swedish doctor Stig Steen to develop a bloodless solution that allows the functionality of lungs to be tested prior to transplant .
Called Steen Solution , the fluid is rich in nutrients , oxygen , proteins , and all that good stuff that keeps your lungs happy and healthy .
By running the solution through the lungs , doctors can assess how well they exchange gasses , their ability to maintain normal body temperature , and a whole host of diagnostic criteria that take valuable time to assess .
Four patients have received transplants using the technique to date , and all have been successful .
Andy Dykstra was is the only successful recipient whose new lungs were unfit for transplant until the XVIVO system was used to repair them ( the other three donations met criteria , but were further repaired prior to surgery ) .
Andy could breathe without artificial help just four days following the transplant , and was discharged from the hospital after only twelve days .
Not too shabby for a complete lung switch - out .
Dr. Shaf Keshavjee , Director of the Lung Transplant Program in Toronto , put the technique in context : “ Many more donor lungs which we could not have used before can now potentially be used safely , and it sets the stage for more sophisticated molecular and cellular repair techniques to be applied in the Toronto XVIVO Perfusion System so that transplant outcomes can be further improved .
The potential exists to immunologically pre-prepare the organ before it even sees the recipient ’s immune system . ”
Individuals with cystic fibrosis and emphysema are often at risk of lung failure during the later stages of their disease .
But finding a new pair of lungs is no easy feat .
Normally , lungs are cooled after donation to preserve the organs prior to transplant .
But the cooling process slows cellular metabolism , which inhibits active repair strategies before transplantation .
Keeping them at body temperature allows more repair work to be done , improving the chances of a successful transplant .
With an active imagination , you can pretty much run wild with this one .
Maybe someday , these technologies will find a use without the need for organ donation .
Imagine receiving artificial respiration while your lungs were removed , repaired , and inserted back into your body .
Think of it like a tune - up for your body .
I , for one , would love to see a big room full of lung donations pumping away in little domes .
Patients could pick their favorite transplant organ , sort of like choosing your lobster at a seafood restaurant .
Well , okay … maybe not .
Regardless , this technique creates new options for lung repair and will drastically increase the success rate of donated lungs .
All told , that ’s pretty cool .
You can find the press release about the XVIVO system here .
Code hosting site SourceForge .
net is moving into the future with new features and support for modern version control systems .
These changes could make SourceForge a real contender again .
Although SourceForge was once the dominant collaboration service for open source software , its relevance declined sharply over the past few years as it stagnated and lost ground to emerging competitors .
The trend towards distributed version control systems ( DVCS ) looked like it would be the final nail in the coffin , but now SourceForge is preparing to make a major comeback .
The Web service has gained support for Git , Mercurial , and Bazaar , the three most popular distributed version control systems .
This brings the site 's total number of supported source code management technologies to five , including its existing support for CVS and Subversion .
DVCS is a major technical advancement in the area of source code management .
The approach offers developers an unprecedented level of power and flexibility .
The three major DVCS systems have all been used to build robust project management and code hosting services — such as GitHub , Launchpad , and BitBucket — which are rapidly displacing SourceForge .
Here at Ars , our Web ninjas use GitHub extensively for managing the source code that powers our website .
I personally use Launchpad for several of my own projects .
In addition to delivering support for modern version control systems , SourceForge has also introduced a new hosted Web app service .
This allows users to run popular open source Web applications , such as MediaWiki , phpBB , Laconica , Mantis , and Trac on SourceForge 's infrastructure .
The services can be instantiated with the click of a button .
This new feature is significant because it gives users the ability to take advantage of the individual project management and collaboration tools of their choice without having to deal with the cost or challenges of self - hosting .
SourceForge currently supports 15 Web applications , but additional options will be added over time .
I spoke with Ross Turk , the community director for SourceForge .
He says that the new version control options and hosted Web application service represent the emergence of a new philosophy at SourceForge .
Instead of working entirely on providing a single preintegrated solution , they are moving towards a model where users have more choice and the ability to use the best - of - breed third - party tools that work best for the needs of each individual project .
He sees enormous potential in this approach and believes that there are a lot of really compelling things that can be done with the hosted application model .
The current focus has been on getting these services to market , but he says that we can expect to see more innovation in the future .
The hosted application feature , he says , was implemented in only six months .
The version control feature took less time than that .
What brought on these long - overdue improvements after years of languishing in stagnation ?
Turk says that the recent acceleration of SourceForge development can be partly attributed to new leadership and the vision of SourceForge 's new CEO , Scott Kaufman , who joined the company in December .
Under Kaufman 's leadership , the company has made several other significant changes to other SourceForge Inc websites , including the decision to turn the Linux.com news site over to the Linux Foundation so that it can be used by the community .
According to Turk , alternative services like Launchpad and GitHub should not be viewed as SourceForge competitors .
He believes that the scope of their services is fundamentally different and that they have different goals .
Indeed , the hosted Web services component of SourceForge 's platform is a very different kind of offering and one that strongly differentiates SourceForge from alternatives .
He also points to SourceForge 's global network of mirrors as one of several unique features that allows SourceForge to deliver more value to end -users .
Turk says that the big challenge ahead is going to be finding ways to provide more " meaning " around the data that is hosted by the site .
This could mean improving the manner in which it is conveyed to end - users and making it more accessible in a variety of ways .
The new choice - driven philosophy and faster rate of development are promising signs that SourceForge has what it takes to regain its relevance and be a leader in hosted project management .
In the tale of Aladdin , the young hero is tempted by an enticing pitch to swap his old , but magical , lamp for a new one .
The US government may soon be offering Americans another swap they may find hard to resist : cash toward a new car or truck if they ’ll promise to send their old vehicle to be crushed into scrap metal .
It ’s being pitched as a win for both the economy and the environment .
In a March 30 speech , President Obama endorsed using part of the $ 787 billion economic stimulus package to fund what ’s being called a “ cash for clunkers ” plan .
Several such bills now are being considered by the US Congress .
They follow clunker - retiring schemes already in place in several European countries , most notably in Germany , which , as a result , saw a dramatic 40 percent rise in new car sales in March over the previous year .
( March sales by US automakers , in contrast , were down about 40 percent from a year ago . )
Several US states , including California and Texas , already offer cash incentives to get older vehicles off the roads .
While each bill in Congress is different , they all offer rebates of up to $ 5,000 toward a new car for retiring a qualifying clunker that is at least eight years old .
Whether such a program would boost the US auto industry remains under debate .
Some reason that , like traditional automaker rebates , the clunker cash would only temporarily boost sales , and they would plummet again shortly after the program ended .
One bill , sponsored by Rep. Betty Sutton ( D ) of Ohio , originally restricted the program to US - made vehicles .
But that provision may have to be removed because of free - trade agreements the US has signed , which in turn could dilute its beneficial effects for Detroit automakers .
But would n’t the plan at least take gas - guzzling , air - polluting clunkers off the road ?
Maybe .
Much would depend on the specific details in the final plan , knowledgeable observers say .
For one thing , the difference in gas mileage between the old and new vehicles would need to be significant .
Senate bill sponsored by Sen. Diane Feinstein ( D ) of California and others , for example , would require that the new vehicle ’s m.p.g. rating be 25 percent better than the federal standard ( the Corporate Average Fuel Economy , or CAFE ) for its vehicle class .
Other variables are harder to figure .
Do you only retire clunkers that are heavily driven ?
Could out - of - service clunkers be registered just to qualify for the cash ?
Would the program be limited only to vehicles that emit the most pollution ?
Another consideration : the amount of CO2 emissions released in the manufacture of a new car – from making the steel , plastic , electronics , and other parts to the actual assembly of the vehicle .
Estimates of the “ carbon cost ” of a new vehicle range from 3.5 tons to 12.4 tons of CO2 expended per vehicle , says William Chameides , professor of the environment and dean of the Nicholas School of Earth & Ocean Sciences at Duke University .
He ’s averaged them as 6.7 tons per vehicle .
Depending on the fuel efficiency of the car or truck , and how many miles it will be driven , it could take from a few years to beyond the lifetime of the vehicle to make up the “ carbon cost ” and begin saving on emissions .
" There are a lot of carbon emissions embedded in the production of that new car , ” Dr. Chameides says .
“ One needs to think about that . ”
The biggest savings are in getting true gas - guzzlers off the road .
Replacing them with vehicles that get better gas mileage can make a huge difference in the amount of fuel burned and emissions released .
" The difference in gasoline saved between a 35 - m.p.g. car and a 30 - m.p.g. car is much less than for , say , a 20 - m.p.g. car and a 15 - m.p.g. car , ” he says .
Why that is so “ is not intuitive at all , ” he adds .
Two of his colleagues , Duke management professors Rick Larrick and Jack Soll , call it “ The M.P.G. Illusion . ”
For example , compare two vehicles that are both being driven 10,000 miles a year .
A vehicle getting 10 miles per gallon would burn 1,000 gallons .
Replacing it with a vehicle getting 20 m.p.g. would mean you ’d burn only 500 gallons , a savings of 500 gallons .
But the effect diminishes in comparisons between high m.p.g. vehicles .
Driving 10,000 miles in a car getting 25 m.p.g. would require 400 gallons of fuel .
Switching to a miserly 50 m.p.g. vehicle ( such as a Toyota Prius ) would cut fuel consumption to 200 gallons .
That ’s a savings of only 200 gallons , despite the large spread in m.p.g .
A cash - for - clunkers plan is “ very hard to justify in terms of oil - use reduction or greenhouse - gas reduction , ” says Daniel Sperling , a professor of engineering and environmental science at the University California , Davis , and the founding director of the school ’s Institute of Transportation Studies .
But , he says , “ it possibly could make sense for conventional air - pollution reduction . ”
Older vehicles emit conventional air - pollutants , such as nitrogen oxide and sulfur dioxide , at rates as much as 100 times higher than newer vehicles , he says .
That ’s because they have less - sophisticated pollution controls and because emission levels tend to worsen as vehicles age .
A better strategy than cash - for - clunkers , says Professor Sperling , would be to raise the CAFE standards for automakers .
“ That ’s by far the No. 1 strategy , ” he says , for cutting fuel consumption and CO2 emissions .
To ensure demand for high - m.p.g. vehicles , the government should create incentives , such as rebates for gas - sippers or raising gas taxes , he says .
Britain is considering a cash - for - clunkers plan , too .
But some critics have labeled these programs as “ greenwashing . ”
Such schemes are “ nothing but hand - outs for the car firms , resprayed green to fool the incautious buyer , ” writes firebrand environmental activist George Monbiott in The G au uardian , a British newspaper .
Others wonder if replacing older vehicles with other vehicles , even if more efficient , is the most environmentally friendly way forward .
The Feinstein bill does , for example , allow the cash voucher to be used to buy transit fare instead of a car or truck .
That indicates that improving the vehicle fleet does n’t address the whole transportation picture .
“ I was disappointed that in the stimulus bill more money was not put into mass transit and public transit as opposed to building roads , ” Duke ’s Chameides says .
View Transcript
Transcript
Topper Alice says , " I went for a long walk yesterday . "
Topper says , " That 's nothing . "
Topper says , " My thighs are so strong that I 'm afraid to jump rope when the sun is directly overhead . "
Alice says , " You 're full of beans . "
Man says , " Exactly .
That 's how I achieve escape velocity . "
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
The arrests of four men in a suspected plot to bomb two New York synagogues have drawn fire from critics who say U.S. law enforcement relies on informants who infiltrate extremist groups that otherwise would be incapable of mounting an attack .
Civil liberties advocates and legal scholars say the case is part of a pattern since the September 11 attacks of 2001 in which paid informants are sent to mosques where they aid and encourage disgruntled Muslim men in criminal pursuits .
“ We ’re concerned that it was the actions of the FBI informant that really led to the alleged plot , ” said Ibrahim Hooper , a spokesman for the Council on American Islamic Relations .
Police on May 20 arrested four men who they said worked with an undercover informant for a year and were caught on video leaving what they believed were live bombs outside a pair of synagogues in the Bronx borough of New York .
The men then planned to shoot down military aircraft with a guided surface - to - air missile that , like the explosives , was deactivated and provided by the informant , authorities said .
The suspects -- James Cromitie , David Williams , Onta Williams and Laguerre Payen -- are charged with conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction and face up to life in prison if convicted .
None is believed to have links to al Qaeda .
“ Why the FBI is going out to create a terrorist group just so they can then solve the crime by prosecuting the terrorist group seems a little odd , ” said Michael German , who spent 16 years as an FBI special agent and now works with the American Civil Liberties Union .
He cited the fact that the men in the Bronx case had difficulty buying a pistol as evidence they needed help to do real harm .
FBI spokesman Jim Margolin said it was bureau policy not to comment on pending or previous cases and he would not comment on the use of informants generally .
“ They still had the intention , ” Joseph Demarest , head of the New York FBI office , said of the suspects at a recent news conference .
Andrew McCarthy , a former assistant U.S. attorney who successfully prosecuted Sheik Omar Abdel Rahman for the 1993 World Trade Center bombing plot , said informants were closely monitored and essential to preventing attacks .
“ If the counterterrorism strategy you want is to prevent attacks from happening , you do n’t have any choice but to infiltrate potential terrorist organizations , ” McCarthy said .
“ Your average FBI agent from Iowa is not going to be able to ... credibly infiltrate terrorist organizations . ”
BENDING THE RULES
Recent plots targeting New Jersey ’s Fort Dix military base , the New York subway system and Chicago ’s Sears Tower have been foiled at early stages with the help of informants and have led to criminal convictions .
In 2006 , a 23 - year - old Pakistani immigrant , Matin Siraj , was convicted of plotting to blow up a New York subway station after meeting with an informant nearly twice his age who was recruited by police to monitor extremist Muslims at mosques .
Siraj testified the informant had inflamed his anger toward the United States .
Another informant used in multiple cases , Mohamed Alanssi , set himself on fire outside the White House in November 2004 to protest his treatment by the FBI .
German said the public should be concerned about entrapment even if , as a defense , it typically fails to sway juries .
“ It really strains credulity why the FBI chose not to use undercover agents ( instead of informants ) , and my concern is the reason why is because they know the informants will bend the rules a lot more easily , ” German said .
In the Bronx case , Payen ’s court - appointed lawyer said her client was “ intellectually challenged ” and schizophrenic .
“ They look like hapless mopes who , but for the government , would n’t have been involved in anything , let alone a sophisticated plot , ” said Columbia University Law School professor Daniel Richman .
“ The problem the government faces is the concern that a group of hapless mopes , when visited by the foreign terrorist type , will turn into very willing and effective tools . ”
Endorse your approval of the proposal and go to
to sign the petition .
Bring Some Accountability to the Federal Reserve
This creates striking conflicts of interest and unseemly appearances in the management of what is ultimately the public ’s money .
JP Morgan ’s CEO was a board member of the New York Fed even as he negotiated on behalf of JP Morgan with the New York Fed for a $ 29 billion bridge loan to allow his company to take over Bear Stearns .
New York Fed and Goldman Sachs board member Stephen Friedman purchased 37,300 shares of Goldman Sachs stock in December at the same time as Goldman received permission to convert to a bank holding company regulated by the Federal Reserve .
Friedman at the time was also overseeing the selection of a New York Federal Reserve President to replace Tim Geithner , and the New York Fed ended up hiring another alumni from Goldman Sachs .
According to the bank ’s website , the two “ class B ” directorships of the New York Fed that are supposed to represent the public are vacant .
Enron ’s Jeff Skilling was on the board of the Dallas Federal Reserve Bank .
And so it begins .
Rep. Alan Grayson has distributed the letter below to all Democrats in the House and will use it to generate Democratic co-sponsorship for the HR1207 Bill , aka The Federal Reserve Transparency Act , allowing the GAO to audit the Federal Reserve , and also require a Fed report to Congress by the end of 2010 .
This is the critical first step for U.S. Taxpayers to regain some semblance of control over the insanity that happens each and every day over at the Federal Reserve .
The status quo must change .
Zero Hedge recommends all readers who believe in transparency and accountability join Glenn Greenwald , Naomi Klein , James K. Galbraith , Dean Baker , Bill Black , Tyler Durden , Yves Smith , US PIRG , Public Citizen , Mike Farrell , Digby , Rob Kuttner , Ian Welsh , Bill Greider , Stirling Newberry , ANWF , Les Leopold , Mike Lux and others in supporting Alan Grayson and asking Democratic members of Congress to cosponsor the Federal Reserve Transparency Act .
Tell your friends , tell your newspapers , make it viral .
Let 's bring accountability back .
Again , the petition link is here *** Alan Grayson 's letter to colleagues Dear Colleague , I write to ask you to co-sponsor HR 1207 , the Federal Reserve Transparency Act , which would give the Government Accountability Office the authority to audit the Federal Reserve and its member components and require a report to Congress by the end of 2010 .
The Federal Reserve System operates as the central bank for the United States , managing the economy ’s money supply and overseeing the banking system .
Until recently , the Fed has not picked winners and losers when distributing money , nor has it brought credit risk onto its balance sheet .
It has slowed or stimulated the economy by raising or lowering interest rates .
Since March 2008 , the Fed has resorted to using its emergency powers to pick winners and losers , and to take massive credit risk onto its books .
Since last September , the Fed ’s balance sheet has expanded from around $ 800 billion to over $ 2 trillion , not including off - balance sheet liabilities it has guaranteed for Citigroup , AIG , and Bank of America , among others .
The bank is also ‘ monetizing ’ the debt of the United States Government by purchasing massive amounts of agency and Treasury bonds .
An audit is the first step in bringing this unaccountable system under the control of the public , whose money it prints and disseminates at will .
The Federal Reserve is an odd entity , a public - private chimera that controls the US monetary system and supervises the banking system .
The system is governed by a Board of Governors , with twelve regional reserve banks that serve a supporting role .
While the Governors are appointed by the President with confirmation by the Senate , the regional Reserve Banks have boards of directors chosen primarily by private banking institutions .
Right now , for instance , the CEO of JP Morgan , Jamie Dimon , serves on the Board of Directors of the New York Federal Reserve Bank , as did Goldman Sachs Director Stephen Friedman .
Consider : Criticism of banker influence and control of our monetary system is not new .
However , the urgency of the financial crisis and the actions of the Fed picking investment bank winners and losers have changed the nature of the criticism .
The Senate just passed a non-binding resolution requiring more transparency at the Federal Reserve in its Budget Resolution .
Still , neither the GAO nor the Federal Reserve Inspector General has audited the books of the Federal Reserve or its regional banks .
The Federal Reserve has refused multiple inquiries from both the House and the Senate to disclose who is receiving trillions of dollars from the central banking system .
The Federal Reserve has redacted the central terms of the no-bid contracts it has issued to Wall Street firms like Blackrock and PIMCO , without disclosure required of the Treasury , and is participating in new and exotic programs like the trillion - dollar TALF to leverage the Treasury ’s balance sheet .
With discussions of allocating even more power to the Federal Reserve as the ‘ systemic risk regulator ’ of the credit markets , more oversight over the central bank ’s operations is clearly necessary .
The net effect of recent actions has been to isolate financial policy - making entirely from democratic input , and allow the Treasury Department to leverage the Federal Reserve ’s balance sheet to spend money it cannot get appropriated from Congress .
The public does not know where trillions of its dollars are going , and so has no meaningful control over the currency or this unappropriated “ budget ” .
The extraordinary size of these lending facilities combined , the extreme secrecy , and the private influence is a dangerous seizure of Congress ’s constitutional prerogative to appropriate public monies and control the currency .
An audit of the Federal Reserve may not be sufficient to control this sprawling system or bring it back into balance , but it is a start .
The public has a right to know to whom the US government is lending trillions of dollars .
Dancing around this issue with technocratic terms like ‘ increasing liquidity ’ and ‘ private financial intermediation ’ is preventing a full and long overdue public debate on the role of the Federal Reserve and the influence of private banking interests in the governing of our economy .
I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 1207 , so that we can bring some transparency to our banking system and allow the public to have a real debate over the fundamental direction of our nation ’s political economy .
Sphere : Related Content
When Ray pitched me the idea of doing an Antiques Roadshow comic set in the future , I knew we had to do it because , A ) Antiques Roadshow is awesome and B ) it was an opportunity to see Tim and Ray as old dudes , very awesome .
The only problem was , what was the joke going to be ?
We sort of figured that would come later , so Ray started drawing old us and everything else before the joke finally came ( late last night ) .
I ’ve got to give Ray credit all around here , because he had the idea to do the 360 and my only contribution was to suggest we red ring it in the final panel plus the actual text of the dialogue .
It was almost like Ray was giving me the week off , so thanks Ray !
Hope you enjoy !
For the record , I also suggested the red ring of death joke at the end .
That old age is hurting your memory , Tim !
In a list of the top 100 most commonly prescribed medications , I counted 13 drugs that can be used to treat anxiety and depression .
Television ads for Zoloft and Cymbalta are commonplace .
Odds are you know at least one person who is currently taking antidepressants or anxiolytics ; they ’ve become ubiquitous in contemporary American life .
The same holds true in the U.S. Military , as “ about 12 percent of soldiers in Iraq and 15 percent of those in Afghanistan reported taking antidepressants , anti-anxiety medications , or sleeping pills , ” according to a report by MSNBC .
These are active - duty troops we ’re talking about here , men and women armed with weapons and engaged in combat .
If that worry seems excessive , it ’s only because we ’ve become far too desensitized to the reality of these psychoactive medications .
Take for instance this story , from the same MSNBC article :
Marine Corporal Michael Cataldi woke as he heard the truck rumble past .
He opened his eyes , but saw nothing .
It was the middle of the night , and he was facedown in the sands of western Iraq .
His loaded M16 was pinned beneath him .
Cataldi had no idea how he'd gotten to where he now lay , some 200 meters from the dilapidated building where his buddies slept .
But he suspected what had caused this nightmare : His Klonopin prescription had run out .
Klonopin is a type of benzodiazepine , a class of drugs often used to treat anxiety and insomnia .
Long - term use of benzodiazepines can lead to physical dependency and even addiction .
If you stop taking them suddenly , as Marine Corporal Cataldi was forced to do with his Klonopin , you can develop benzodiazepine withdrawal syndrome , which can lead to psychosis , hallucinations or extreme aggression .
If you are in the U.S. , with easy access to your prescribing doctor , benzo withdrawal is not a very big concern .
But if you are off in the Middle East fighting terrorists or insurgents , more pills are not simply a phone call away .
When Marine Corporal Cataldi ran out of Klonopin , a medical officer gave him Seroquel as a replacement , which is not even an anti-anxiety medication , but an atypical antipsychotic used to treat schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .
It ’s a frequently used off - label to treat anxiety and sleep disorders , which again is n’t really a problem if the medication is closely monitored by a physician , but it ’s highly sedative nature makes it entirely inappropriate for wartime usage , not to mention incredibly dangerous .
Apparently , though , the military disagrees , stating , “ they believe many medications can safely be used on the battlefield .
They say they have policies to ensure that drugs they consider inappropriate for soldiers on the front lines are rarely used . ”
And this is perhaps the core of the problem : these drugs are considered safe .
While it ’s true that millions of Americans take antidepressants and anxiolytics every day without incidents — and granted , most report significant improvement to their lives as a result of these drugs — they are nonetheless medications that physically alter brain chemistry and are accompanied by staggeringly long lists of common side effects .
For example , some of the more common side effects of Klonopin include : drowsiness , aggression or irritability , psychomotor agitation , cognitive and memory impairment .
The side effects for Ambien , a sleeping pill Cataldi was also taking during active - duty , are : hallucinations , delusions , decreased motor coordination and ability to maintain balance , impaired judgment and reasoning .
Even Zoloft , an SSRI that Cataldi was taking for depression , can lead to : loss of coordination , tremors , fainting , seizures , hallucinations and suicidal ideation in people 24 and under .
The U.S. Military is hard up for recruits , I get that ; but there ’s a very real danger in sending heavily medicated and largely untreated fighters back into active - duty .
Daily prescription usage requires the kind of predictable routine that is impossible to maintain while at war .
One minute you can be settled down for the night , ready to head to bed and the next , you ’re called into action .
Take this instance : “ One night , Cataldi took his pills after his commander told him he was done for the day .
Five minutes later , however , plans changed , and he was told to drive the LAV .
He asked the Marine sitting behind him to help keep him awake .
‘ I said , ‘ Kick the back of my seat every 5 minutes , ’ and that ’s what he did . ’ ” A LAV is an armored personnel carrier — Cataldi ’s inability to stay awake on his own put himself and his fellow soldiers at risk .
The more important issue , however , is that these potentially hazardous drugs do n’t really target the problem ; they just mask the symptoms .
Post - traumatic stress disorder , which Cataldi and several other soldiers described in the article undoubtedly suffered from , is not a quick - fix issue .
It ’s a serious and often life - altering anxiety disorder , marked by a severe and continued emotional reaction to an experienced trauma .
Diagnostic criteria include exposure to traumatic events and persistent re-experience of those events in the form of flashbacks or nightmares .
Events like watching your friends gunned down right next to you , searching through dismembered corpses for any live bodies after a helicopter crash , having the Humvee you ’re riding in blown apart by a roadside bomb — experiences that are not simply wiped from your memory once you start taking a nice cocktail of antidepressants , anti-anxiety meds and some sleeping pills .
The Military insists that there are procedures in place to “ ensure that service members taking medications for psychiatric conditions are deployed only if their symptoms are in remission . ”
While antidepressants and anxiolytics are capable of reducing PTSD symptoms , rarely are they capable of achieving actual remission .
These drugs have become like Tylenol for mental health conditions : they ’ll mask the pain , but do nothing to identify and target the source .
PTSD is not the result of a chemical imbalance that drugs alone can remedy .
Soldiers with PTSD need actual therapy and time to recuperate , but they ’re not getting it .
The triggering event for Cataldi occurred in January of 2005 and is recounted as follows :
…he and five other Marines received a radio call informing them that a helicopter had disappeared .
The men… found what was left of the chopper .
Flames roared from the pile of metal .
Cataldi , 20 , was ordered to a body count .
The pilot ’s body was still on fire … he picked up a man ’s left boot in order to find the dog tag every Marine keeps there .
A foot fell to the ground .
‘ People were missing heads , ’ Cataldi remembers .
‘ They were wearing the same uniform I was wearing . ’
When Cataldi returned home to California , his behavior became increasingly similar to the symptoms of PTSD .
But when he went to see a psychiatrist on the base , the doctor merely prescribed some medications ( Klonopin , Zoloft and Ambien ) .
By 2006 , Cataldi was back in Iraq , performing the same job .
Only now , he had three separate drugs acting on his brain ’s chemistry .
Antidepressants and axiolytics have become too much of a quick fix .
Mental health is not so simple as , “ Feeling blue ?
Here , take these drugs .
Now get back to work . ”
We should n’t be asking Military personnel to drive armored vehicles across the desert when they are taking medications with effects that would prevent the average person from safely backing a car down a driveway .
They should n’t be handling guns while using drugs whose labels warn against using a power sander .
I know that the Military needs fighters , but I also know that our soldiers deserve better than this .
I ’m not sure what the alternative would be , or how best to fix this problem ( apart from , of course , finally leaving the Middle East ) , but I am sure about one thing .
When Marine Corporal Cataldi — who remains highly medicated and physically dependent upon Klonopin — said , “ If I had never been put on medications and just had counseling , I ’d be a lot better off , ” he was right .
And that is heartbreaking .
There ’s a big ‘ ol thread going on down at comp.lang.lisp about Clojure vs. Common Lisp .
I ’m biased , of course , but I have to say that Clojure and Rich Hickey are holding their own against some of the top c.l.l. flamers .
But all the arguments about functional programming , software transactional memory , and reader macros miss what was , for me , the biggest reason to switch to Clojure .
It ’s about the libraries , stupid .
Building on the JVM and providing direct access to Java classes / methods was the best decision in Clojure ’s design .
‘ Cause if it ’s ever been done , anywhere , by anyone , someone ’s done it in Java .
Twice .
A few years ago , I tried to solve the Common Lisp library problem by writing a bridge from CL to Perl 5 , and was laughed out of town .
Rich
Hickey , I ’m told , spent years trying to bridge CL to Java , and never got very far .
But Clojure works , and it works great .
It ’s a Lisp with a squintillion libraries .
Who else can claim that ?
So , if I wanted Lisp with Java libraries , why not use Kawa or ABCL … or heck , JRuby ?
Those are all fine projects , but they all suffer from mismatches between the “ source ” language ( Scheme , CL , Ruby ) and the “ host ” language ( Java ) .
There is never a one - to - one mapping between types in the source language and types in the host language .
So you end up needing conversions like jclass / jmethod / jcall ( ABCL ) or primitive - static - method ( Kawa ) .
( JRuby is slightly better , but only because Ruby is closer to Java than CL / Scheme . )
Clojure does n’t have this problem because it was designed from the ground up for the JVM .
Clojure strings are java.lang .
String , Clojure maps are java.util .
Map , even Clojure functions are java.lang .
Runnable ( and java.lang.Callable ) .
This makes it supremely easy to mix -n - match Clojure code with Java libraries and vice - versa .
I know , because every day I use Clojure with complex Java libraries like Hadoop , Restlet , Lucene , and Solr .
Everything just works .
I do n’t have to write any foreign - function interfaces or bridge code .
In fact , using Java libraries in Clojure is often easier than using them in Java !
Clojure may not be a programming language for the next hundred years , as Arc aspires to be .
But it ’s a great language if you want to get stuff done right now .
Dr. J - Water
While watching the Boston Celtics - Orlando Magic playoff series recently , a friend of mine said to me , ‘ Hey man , you notice how much Brian Scalabrine looks like Michael Rappaport , but not as cool ’ .
I told him I thought he was crazy , that aside from the reddish hair they did n’t look much alike .
From there , the conversation led to a full blown competition between the two of us to try and name NBA players who look a lot like some celebrity or another .
Sadly , this is how we amuse ourselves during time outs , commercial breaks , and half - time .
But to ensure our useless conversation did n’t go to waste , I thought I better put together what I thought were the Top 10 NBA - Celebrity Look - a - likes from that day for your enjoyment :
10 . Rodney Stuckey , 50 - Cent
9. Kevin Eubanks , Chucky Atkins
8. Kirk Hinrich , Jason Biggs
7. Corey Maggette , Xzibit
6. Sebastian Telfair , Phil Ivey
5. Pharrell Williams , Caron Butler
4. Method Man , Kenyon Martin
3. Toni Kukoc , Hugh Jackman
2. Manu Ginobili , Bronson Pinchot
1. Stan Van Gundy , Ron Jeremy
The Comitato Olimpico Nazionale Italiano , known as CONI , called last month for the two - year suspension because , it said , the D.N.A. in a blood sample taken from Valverde matched a packet of blood found in a doping laboratory in Madrid in May 2006 during the raid called Operación Puerto .
Image The Italian Olympic Committee is seeking a two - year suspension of Alejandro Valverde , a Spanish cycling star , at a hearing on Monday .
Credit ... Denis Balibouse / Reuters
“ We can say with certainty that blood packet 18 is Valverde ’s , ” Torri said in February after meeting with Valverde .
He also said that he had payment documents from the rider to the director of the laboratory , Eufemiano Fuentes , to cover the costs of extracting and then transfusing blood into a rider and thus increasing the red corpuscles that carry oxygen to weary muscles .
The sample was taken when the Tour de France finished a daily stage in Italy last year .
How CONI got the blood packet and the vouchers has not been made public , although they are suspected to have been furnished by officials of the Guardia Civil , the Spanish Interior Ministry ’s police force , which carried out the Puerto raid , arrested five suspects and seized large quantities of money and medical equipment , including 100 packets of blood with code names .
The blood packet and documents did not come from the Spanish federation , which says it has been unable to get evidence in the Puerto case from a Spanish judge , Antonio Serrano , who has limited the investigation , twice closing it until appeal courts ruled otherwise .
Serrano has been supported by the Spanish secretary of state for sports , Jaime Lissavetsky .
Although neither man was available for comment last week , their spokesmen were .
Under Spanish custom , the spokesmen , who spoke by telephone , cannot be identified .
Representing the Consejo Superior de Deporte , the high sports council , Lissavetsky ’s spokesman said : “ The C.S.D. respects the autonomy of the CONI and its freedom to act within its own jurisdiction .
Nonetheless , Operación Puerto was directed by a Spanish court and Spanish courts should be the ones to pursue the case . ”
He denied rumors that the case would be allowed to die under a three - year statute of limitations that could take effect at the end of this month .
“ The Operación Puerto case remains open and a trial will begin in the near future , ” he said .
Scott Hurst , a skeptic and JREF friend , has written an entry for Swift asking how much responsibility antivax mouthpieces like Meryl Dorey and Jenny McCarthy have for deaths caused by their rhetoric .
It 's a solidly - written piece that is well - researched and brings up what I think is a valid point .
While we do have the right to free speech in the U.S. , there are ramifications to it .
Are they responsible if parents do n't vaccinate their children , and deaths follow ?
It 's a fair question .
Somewhat less fair , perhaps , is a video that has been made making fun of Jenny McCarthy .
While I think it provides an outlet for the visceral need to do something to stop her relentless nonsense about vaccinations and autism , I do n't know if this sort of thing really helps .
I do n't know if it will convince any fence - sitters or believers , and can come across as being mean - spirited .
I think there 's a difference between being angry and showing it , and being simply mean .
What do you think ?
I 've heard opinions going both ways on this video .
I 'm scratching my head over Cracked Magazine 's take on McCarthy , though ( NSFW though , since it has some , um , adult content ) .
It 's accurate , snarky , and takes her to task really well , but I doubt it 's any more fair to her than the video is , but it bugs me less .
I wonder if the graphic imagery in the video is what troubles me , given that Cracked article has a ridiculous ( and generally juvenile ) nature .
Pictures of sick babies is , well , it 's tough .
Hmmm .
Finally , a great new website has been created called whyichoose.org , where people can post images of themselves and tell their personal stories about why they chose to get vaccinated .
Anecdotes are not data , but they do sway opinion .
And unlike the antivax anecdotes , we have reality on our side .
So it 's not evil or wrong to use personal stories to urge people to vaccinate , and in fact I think it 's an important aspect that has not been used to its full potential .
I 'm all for it .
Tip o' the syringe to BABloggee Heather Steingruebl .
The Viral Video Chart is packed full of goodies for your viewing pleasure this week .
I particularly like the video of Ellen Degeneres giving the commencement speech - or ' common cement ' speech as she calls it - at Tulane University in New Orleans .
She 's smart , funny and she did n't even go to college .
Speaking of smart and funny , I also enjoyed Jesse Ventura on the issue of torture - not too many US politicians can speak about waterboarding from personal experience .
But I know the audience and if I had to put money on it , I 'd predict that the Whack - a - Kitty video is going to be the most popular - and possibly the most controversial .
It does n't look like any kittens were harmed in the making of the video - obviously I hope not .
Please do n't try this at home .
1. Project Trico HD - PlayStation LifeStyle
Cool ruins , a cute kid and a giant rat - like creature .
What more could you want ?
2. Eurovision Winner 2009 Norway - Alexander Rybak - Fairytale
Baby - faced
Norse dude sings about " when he was younger " - does he mean yesterday ?
3. Susan Boyle Stuns Crowd with Epic Singing
Susan Boyle is officially an internet star .
Shame it does n't help ITV 's coffers much .
4. Tercer video del PSOE para la campaña europea
The Spanish Socialist Workers Party resorts to fear of foreigners to get its message across - do n't let those nasty English / French / German / etc voters make policy in the EU .
5. Make The Girl Dance " Baby Baby Baby " ( official video )
The protruding hip bones and rib cage of the first girl were a bit much .
6. Sherlock Holmes Trailer [ HD ] * NEW *
Sherlock Holmes meets Batman .
7. MVPs - Kobe & LeBron ( Chalk )
You 'd never guess this animated Bert and Ernie - style skit is actually an ad for sport shoes .
8. V - Upfront Trailer
Slick science fiction from the ABC mothership .
9. Ellen DeGeneres Commencement Speech at Tulane University ( 2009 - 05 - 16 )
Ellen gives her best shot at a ' common cement ' speech .
10 . On The View , Goldberg calls Beck " lying sack of dog mess "
Do n't mess with Whoopi .
11 . LOVE STORY ( Taylor Swift ) Meets VIVA LA VIDA ( Coldplay ) - Piano / Cello - by Jon Schmidt
Why are there two pianos in the room ?
I 'm pretty sure only one of them gets played .
Fantastic music though .
12 . Moblin 2.0 Netbook Beta Introduction
It 's amazing how popular ads are on the web .
How is that we skip them on TV but blog about them online ?
Yawn .
13 . History of Weed
High times .
14 . Whack - A- Kitty
Like Whack - A - Mole only cuter .
15 . Quando eu Crescer Quero Trabalhar Em Propaganda
This seems to be highly targeted at media and avertising agencies rather than the general audience .
Interesting approach .
16 . Oren Lavie - Her Morning Elegance
Sweet song but it 's getting a bit old now .
17 . Alice 's Porsche in Montepulciano !
Um .
It 's a car .
It 's nice .
It 's yellow .
Am I missing the point ?
18 . ZAPP : Heftige Proteste gegen Sperrungen im Internet
German news report about child porn .
19.massagista igl 1
A masseur for models bitches about his job .
Subtitled .
20 . Elisabeth " Right Wing Idiot " Hasselbeck PWNED by Jesse " The Body " Ventura on the issue of tortue
Go Jesse !
Source : Viral Video Chart .
Compiled from data gathered at 16.25 on 21 May 2009 .
The Weekly Viral Video Chart is currently based on a count of the embedded videos and links on approximately 2 million blogs .
Dear Straight Dope : I read a novel yesterday where a woman died alone in her house with only her cat .
A police officer who went in to investigate came out shortly and said that the cat had already gotten to her .
It went on to explain that house cats have a survival instinct that kicks in when their owners die , and they will eat parts of them in order to live because they cease to recognize their owners as people and more as a food source .
I realize that this book was fiction but I was wondering if there was any truth at all to this ?
S.L.K , Houston , TX
SDStaff
Hawk replies :
I do n’t know what it is about the Teeming Millions and death , but I sure manage to stay busy around here .
There ’s one guy over on the Straight Dope Message Board who wants to know the legal issues in getting a corpse stuffed and mounted , for crying out loud .
Oddly enough , your question contains more fact than fiction .
The fifty - cent word for the event that you describe is “ postmortem predation ” and it is a major concern for those involved in death investigation and the forensic sciences .
For example , let ’s say that a set of skeletonized remains is found in a heavily wooded area .
When the remains have been inventoried , it is learned that all the bones of both hands are missing .
Were the hands removed to hide the deceased ’s fingerprints ?
A gruesome scenario , yes , but consider this alternative : a hiker has a fatal heart attack and collapses , where some woodland creatures gnaw off the hands ( as the only exposed areas of the body ) and make away with them .
Both scenarios are plausible , but vastly different : is this a homicide or an accidental death ?
The main difference , of course , is how much paperwork you have to fill out .
I was attending the 1992 American Academy of Forensic Sciences conference in New Orleans and a forensic pathologist related the following story ( paraphrased as best as memory will serve ) : “ Sometimes , when an individual living alone dies unexpectedly , several days may pass before anyone takes notice .
Some of these individuals may own a dog or a cat , which will go unfed .
In my experience , a dog may go for several days before finally resorting to eating the owner ’s body .
A cat , on the other hand , will only wait a day or two .
Just goes to show you which is more loyal .
So , the next time you ’re falling asleep on the couch with the football game on , take a look at your cat .
He ’s not watching you because he ’s enamored of you ; he ’s checking to see if your chest is still moving . ”
Oh , those wacky pathologists .
I ca n’t explain why a cat may be so quick to turn on the hand that fed it .
I can only tell you that yes , it does happen .
As a single guy living alone with three cats , I can tell you that I keep plenty of kibble about , because you never know .
SDStaff Hawk , Straight Dope Science Advisory Board
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com .
STAFF REPORTS ARE WRITTEN BY THE STRAIGHT DOPE SCIENCE ADVISORY BOARD , CECIL'S ONLINE AUXILIARY .
THOUGH THE SDSAB DOES ITS BEST , THESE COLUMNS ARE EDITED BY ED ZOTTI , NOT CECIL , SO ACCURACYWISE YOU'D BETTER KEEP YOUR FINGERS CROSSED .
May 19 , 2009 at 18:53 Tags Compilation
Ever since I started writing lots of VHDL code at work , I 've been toying with the idea of writing a parser for the language .
It would provide me with a simple means for writing useful small tools for organizing and analyzing large bodies of VHDL code .
A few years ago I even started looking into this seriously , but that project got flushed down the tubes once I realized that it's hard to find suitable libraries for this in Perl , which I was using at the time .
In addition , VHDL turned out to be a very hairy language to parse .
Lately , after the success of PLY - based pycparser , I came back to VHDL .
PLY is powerful and fast , I thought , perhaps it 's feasible to parse VHDL with it ?
Turns out the task is much harder than I expected .
Attempting to translate the VHDL BNF definition into PLY Yacc runs into problems very quickly .
The BNF is not suitable for LALR , and is full of reduce / reduce conflicts .
At first I rewrote the rules to make them more general ( and hence accept a bit more of invalid code , which was n't too important for me ) , but more and more are coming .
Yesterday I read some paper claiming that the full translation of the BNF into Yacc results in 576 reduce / reduce errors !
Umph ...
No problem , I can just rewrite it using a hand - tailored RD parser ( which I suspect most commercial VHDL tools are using ) that 's more powerful than LALR and hence wo n't be troubled by conflicts in the BNF , right ?
It 's more difficult than that .
VHDL is context - sensitive in a mean way .
Consider this statement inside a process :
jinx := foo( 1 ) ;
Well , depending on the objects defined in the scope of the process ( and its enclosing scopes ) , this can be either :
A function call
Indexing an array
Indexing an array returned by a parameter - less function call
To parse this correctly , a parser has to carry a hierarchical symbol table ( with enclosing scopes ) , and the current file is n't even enough .
foo can be a function defined in a package .
So the parser should first analyze the packages imported by the file it 's parsing , and figure out the symbols defined in them .
This is just an example .
The VHDL type / subtype system is a similarly context - sensitive mess that 's very difficult to parse .
After some Googling , today I 've encountered an old newsgroup post on comp.
lang.vhdl from 1993 , by a bunch of seemingly knowledgeable people discussing this issue .
The verdict : yes , it 's context - sensitive , and very hard to parse .
But with ( lots of ) effort it 's doable .
I 'm kind - of bummed by this at the moment .
I 'll either find something online to adapt , give the RD parser a shot and try to minimize the damage of context - sensitivity , or drop the idea altogether .
We 'll see ...
Crown Casino is being sued for $ 20 million plus damages for allegedly designing a scheme to lure a millionaire gambling addict back to the venue .
The Victorian Supreme Court has heard between 2004 - 2006 Gold Coast property developer Harry Kakavas lost $ 20 million at the casino .
His lawyers argue the casino enticed him back with cash incentives of up to $ 50,000 in " lucky money " and used its private jet to fly him to and from Queensland on most trips .
The court heard Mr Kakavas was subject to a interstate exclusion order , but management illegally allowed him to return to the casino where he was treated as an international VIP .
It is alleged the casino extended him more than $ 3.5 million in credit .
The court heard he was allowed to bet $ 300,000 per hand , despite the casino knowing he was a pathological gambler .
Crown Casino lawyers deny the majority of the allegations .
The trial continues .
With so many things now demanding our attention -- emails , Web sites , BlackBerry alerts , incoming text messages , Twitter tweets , Facebook updates , blogs , stock updates , and old - fashioned meetings and phone calls -- many of us . . .
What was I saying ?
Right : Many of us fret about losing our train of thought .
" Life , " says Winifred Gallagher , " is the sum of what you focus on . "
In " Rapt , " she concentrates on what science has to tell us about the mind 's capacities for paying attention .
Some ...
Quotable :
“ Hayek , in a series of works from the mid-1920s through The Pure Theory of Capital ( 1941 ) , added to Mises ’ theory a more detailed account of the malinvestment during the boom and how it distorts the economy ’s structure of production away from equilibrium .
Hayek commented in 1932 that “ what I tried to do in Prices and Production , and in certain earlier publications , was to show that monetary factors may bring about a kind of disequilibrium in the economic system . ”
The problem caused by the distortion of the interest rate is a mismatching of the intertemporal plans of savers and investors or , as Hayek sometimes put it , the distorted rate fails to equalize the supply with the demand for real capital .
The artificially lowered interest rate no longer meshes the time - profile of output for which businesses are making their investment plans – to produce so much for the present and so much for various future periods – with the public ’s planned time - profile of savings and consumption across the same periods .
Instead investment is skewed too much toward what Hayek called the “ higher ” stages of production , projects that will yield consumable output only in relatively distant future periods , and too little toward the “ lower ” stages or near - future consumable output .
As he summarized the problem :
[ A ]n expansion of credit via the Bank Rate mechanism [ i.e. via the central bank lending more at a lower market interest rate and thereby expanding the supply of loanable funds ] will not ‘ apportion the additional money between consumers and producers so as not to disturb the initial proportions , ’ but will certainly favour the “ higher ” stages at the expense of the “ lower ” .
The “ misdirection of production ” leads to “ a consequent crisis . ”
The mismatch between the entrepreneurs ’ planned investment profile and the consumers ’ planned savings and consumption profile is revealed in the bust , when non-viable investments – projects that cannot be profitably completed because the public does not want to provide enough savings to finance the completion at low interest rates – are finally recognized and terminated .
The crisis occurs because “ it becomes obvious that it is not possible to wait as long as had at first seemed practicable for the product of the investment . ”
doc : Lawrence White , “ The Roaring Twenties and Austrian Business Cycle Theory ” .
There are lots of ways to take shorter showers — saving you money , water , etc .
We ’ve seen shower timers and spouts that turn different colors as time goes on — but the inflatable shower curtain is the first one that seriously forces you to get in and get out , lest you want to suffocate or become trapped .
The idea was designed by Elisabeth Buecher who answered the question : “ How can your shower fight water overconsumption in either a disturbing or a gorgeous way , using innovative materials , printing techniques and inflatable technology ? ”
Her response :
This shower curtain slowly inflates around you while you shower .
It leaves you only a few minutes to take your shower before trapping you .
She ’s also got one with inflatable spikes that slowly push you out over a period of time .
I actually prefer that one to getting trapped in plastic .
America has warned it " will not accept " a nuclear - armed North Korea as new intelligence data showed that the secretive state was preparing a fresh missile launch , which could take place in two weeks ' time .
The fresh developments increased the tension yet further yesterday in a game of diplomatic brinkmanship that seems destined to put Washington and Pyongyang on a collision course .
The US defence secretary , Robert Gates , used the opportunity of a security conference in Singapore to force home America 's view that North Korea 's recent nuclear test and missile launches were seen as a direct threat .
" We will not stand idly by as North Korea builds the capability to wreak destruction on any target in the region or on us ... we will not accept North Korea as a nuclear state , " he said .
North Korea has test - fired six missiles since detonating a nuclear device on Monday , with the latest being a short - range missile launch on Friday .
In a statement , North Korea denounced its critics as " hypocrites " and warned of " adopting self - defensive countermeasures " if action were taken against it at the UN .
According to the South Korean news agency Yonhap , spy satellites have captured images that show the country is busy preparing more tests .
The images appear to show an intercontinental ballistic missile being moved by train from the capital to a launch pad at Musudan - ri in the north - east of the country .
The missile is thought to be a Taepodong - 2 , which is in theory capable of hitting US soil .
The missile could be launched within two weeks .
Other images show vehicle activity at test sites and Chinese fishing boats fleeing the area .
South Korean and US forces in the region have been placed on the second - highest alert level .
The last time the joint forces raised the " Watchcon " surveillance alert was after a 2006 North Korean test that proved the regime was a nuclear power .
North Korea has said that it no longer considers itself bound by the armistice that ended the Korean war in 1953 and ushered in five decades of uneasy peace on the peninsula .
There is huge speculation about what North Korea seeks to gain by raising the tension levels .
The impoverished country may be using its nuclear programme as a bargaining tool to obtain aid and ease sanctions .
But there is also the possibility that recent developments are linked to the country 's murky internal politics .
Its leader , Kim Jong - il , is believed to be in failing health and there is no clear line of succession .
Washington does not fear a direct attack by North Korea , but is concerned that the country will export its nuclear technology to other rogue states or terrorist networks .
The country , crippled by sanctions and its own disastrous economy , has already acquired billions of dollars by secretly exporting missile technology to the Middle East and Pakistan .
In his speech in Singapore , Gates warned that America would hold Pyongyang " fully accountable " for the proliferation of any nuclear material or technology .
" The transfer of nuclear weapons or material by North Korea to states or non-state entities would be considered a grave threat to the US and our allies .
And we would hold North Korea fully accountable , " Gates said .
However , co-ordinating an effective international diplomatic response to North Korea has not been easy .
Russia and China have stymied efforts to isolate the country at the UN , preventing a united front to condemn the country 's nuclear ambitions .
Former Minnesota Gov. Jesse Ventura told the nation that Norm Coleman is a hypocrite who has lost the election for U.S. senator and should give up his fight against Al Franken for a second term .
In a wide - ranging interview Monday night on CNN with Larry King and in his trademark blunt style , Ventura also called former Vice President Dick Cheney a coward for avoiding service during the Vietnam War and made a pitch for himself to be appointed ambassador to Cuba .
King asked the former pro wrestler whether he was embarrassed for the state he once led as the Coleman - Franken battle has stretched beyond six months .
" No , not at all , it 's the procedure , " said Ventura , in a sportcoat , open collar and his trademark bald head adorned with a shaggy mullet .
" When you have an election that 's that close , you want to get the right decision , I would think . "
What he would like to see is for Coleman to abandon his court battle with Democratic rival Franken , who holds a 312 - vote post - recount lead .
" Coleman 's always been a hypocrite , " said Ventura , who " shocked the world " when as the candidate of the Reform Party ( now the Independence Party ) he defeated Coleman and Democrat Skip Humphrey for the open governor 's seat in 1998 .
" He never does what he says , " Ventura added .
" He said on Election Night [ in 2008 ] , when he won , that Franken should drop out and he should be the senator .
Well , the same should hold true after the recount . "
Ventura was referring to when Coleman went before supporters on the day after the election and urged Franken to waive his right to a recount , saying that the prospect of changing the result was remote , that a recount would be costly to taxpayers and " I just think the need for the healing process is so important . "
Calls and e-mails to the Coleman campaign for reaction have yet to be returned .
The Seattle Times congratulates former Seattle police chief and new Obama “ drug czar ” Gil Kerlikowske for ending the use of the phrase , “ war on drugs . ”
The Times is right , “ words do matter , ” ( though you would n’t think so from some of their other editorials ) , but rather than just rebranding our failed experiment with prohibition , is n’t it time to have a serious conversation about ending it entirely ?
For example , take marijuana .
Seriously , go ahead and take it .
I do n’t care , and neither should the government .
All the D.A.R.E program scare rhetoric aside , marijuana is a relatively innocuous substance that ’s proven no more dangerous and no more a “ gateway drug ” than alcohol .
A majority of Americans have used marijuana at some time in their lives , and an overwhelming majority of them have used it responsibly .
It is easily grown in backyard gardens and on indoor window sills , yet our prisons are bursting at the seams , at great taxpayer expense , with petty users and small time dealers .
Meanwhile , the U.S. / Mexican border has been turned into a bloody war zone as violent drug gangs fight to the death over control of this lucrative , multi-billion dollar black market .
Where ’s the sense in that ?
With the Obama administration signaling its intent to back off enforcement conflicts with state medical marijuana laws , California ’s dispensaries are set to evolve into an informal , quasi-legal marketplace , but if we ’re going to repeal prohibition , the best course would be to do it honestly and do it right .
And fortunately , we already have here in Washington state not only a model for the legalization of a potentially dangerous intoxicant , but an established system in place for regulating , selling , and perhaps most importantly , taxing the hell out of it .
Of course , I ’m talking about Washington ’s oft - reviled State Store system .
Other states may be further along the political path toward de facto legalization , but no other state , with the exception of my native Pennsylvania , has a more robust system already in place for effectively executing it .
Washington already heavily regulates the in - state manufacture of wine , beer and distilled spirits , and maintains an extensive statewide network of retail stores and distribution centers for the sole purpose of operating its exclusive monopoly on the retail sale of liquor .
A similar monopoly on the legal sale of marijuana would not only be easily implemented , but highly profitable for taxpayers and state farmers alike .
At an estimated street value of over $ 1 billion a year , marijuana is already Washington ’s number two cash crop , second only to apples , and consistently ranking us among the top five pot-producing states .
By legalizing and regulating a crop that is already being grown , the state could impose standards of consistency and quality on the product , and by setting prices as the only legal buyer for the crop , farmers could be assured a stable , legal income for their efforts .
And considering the existing federal ban on marijuana , and the federal government ’s constitutional authority over interstate commerce , Washington ’s State Stores , by necessity , would initially only be able to buy and sell state - grown product , thus nurturing a nascent hemp industry that would eventually produce a valuable export commodity once the ban is lifted nationally , perhaps even dominating the market .
As for retail and consumption , the same restrictions that apply to the sale and use of liquor would apply to the sale and use of marijuana , with the state likely maintaining prices at or near current street levels .
The result would be hundreds of millions of dollars a year in additional state revenues , plus hundreds of millions of dollars in savings from law enforcement and incarceration ( not to mention the elimination of the incalculable human suffering caused by our current prohibition . )
Distribution to minors , for profit or otherwise , would be strictly prohibited and harshly punished , as would driving under the influence of marijuana .
And just as consumers may already legally make their own beer and wine for their own consumption , the current guidelines on medical marijuana could be easily adapted to apply to all home growers .
And the societal impact ?
Most studies I ’ve seen suggest that marijuana use would indeed rise slightly if legalized , and thus we should likely expect an increase in marijuana abuse , and the personal and social costs associated .
( Marijuana is not an addictive substance like , say , nicotine or heroin or even alcohol , but it can constitute an addictive behavior like problem gambling . )
Thus a sizable portion of state profits from the production and sale of marijuana should be dedicated toward prevention and treatment programs for marijuana , alcohol , drugs and other addictive substances and behaviors .
In the end , the revenue earned from legalizing marijuana could be used to curtail the abuse of other more dangerous substances .
I know this might sound to some like a radical proposal , but our current prohibition on marijuana simply is n’t working , and its widespread illicit use only serves to undermine respect for the law by normalizing its violation .
Meanwhile , the State Store system we created after the repeal of alcohol prohibition leaves us uniquely positioned to take the lead in responsibly moving toward marijuana repeal as well .
And even if the feds attempt to block such a dramatic shift in marijuana policy , either through the courts or through direct conflict with state agencies , our effort to create a viable model for full legalization would at the very least spark a real national conversation on the pros and cons of our current failed , national policy .
And that ’s a conversation that ’s long past due .
CanYouSeeMe.org Open Port Check Tool
This is a free utility for remotely verifying if a port is open or closed .
It is useful to users who wish to verify port forwarding and check to see if a server is running or a firewall or ISP is blocking certain ports .
Your IP : Port to Check : Check Port
Common Ports FTP 21 SSH 22 Telnet 23 SMTP 25 DNS 53 HTTP 80 POP3 110 IMAP 143 Other Applications Remote Desktop 3389 PC
Anywhere 5631
Background
Port Forwarding
Port forwarding or port mapping allows remote computers to connect to a specific computer or service on a private network .
This allows you to run a web server , game server or a service of your choosing from behind a router .
In a typical network the router has the public IP address and computers / servers obtain a private IP address from the router that is not addressable from outside the network .
When you forward a specific port on your router , you are telling your router where to direct traffic for that port .
This utility can verify the success of that process .
Please refer to your routers manual or manufacturer for assistance in setting up port forwarding .
Blocked Ports
Most residential ISP 's block ports to combat viruses and spam .
The most commonly blocked ports are port 80 and port 25 .
Port 80 is the default port for http traffic .
With blocked port 80 you will need to run your web server on a non-standard port .
Port 25 is the default port for sending and receiving mail .
ISPs block this port to reduce the amount of spam generated by worms on infected machines within their network .
©2004-2020 • Canyouseeme.org • All Rights Reserved .
Privacy Policy
In most parts of the world , from Paris to Beijing , mass unemployment brings the specter of mass social unrest .
Not here , though , where 13 million people have accepted joblessness with nary a peep of protest .
Many reasons -- from Prozac to Pentecostalism -- have been cited to explain American passivity in the face of economic violence .
But the truth may be far simpler :
In America , being unemployed does n’t mean you have nothing to do but run around burning police cars .
Unemployment has been reconfigured as a new form of work .
Nowhere is this clearer than in the white - collar world , where the laid - off are constantly advised to see job searching as a full - time job .
As business self - help guru Harvey Mackay advises : “ Once you ’re fired , you already have a job .
The job you have is tougher than the last one .
It ’s more demanding . ”
How demanding ?
He says you need to “ plan on 12 to 16 hours a day . ”
Picture it : People across America rising at the usual time , suiting up in full corporate regalia and setting themselves down at their laptops to fiddle with resumes , peruse Monster.com and pester everyone on their address lists for leads .
Advertisement
Some people have no doubt found jobs in this manner , but there have been no scientific comparisons of the technique with , say , printing a resume on a sandwich board and parading around Times Square .
If there is something familiar in the image of laid - off workers soldiering on , it may be because of films like “ Tokyo Sonata ” and the 2002 French film , “ Time Out , ” in which the heroes -- laid - off executives -- conceal their status from their families and continue to mime the daily commute to work .
In the movies , this behavior seems pathetic -- a case of terminal denial -- but it ’s exactly what the American “ transition industry ” of career coaches and outplacement firms recommends :
If you do n’t have a job , fake one .
In real life , it ’s OK for a man to tell his wife he ’s lost his job ; he should just never reveal that he has time on his hands .
A February article in the New York Times featured a laid - off Illinois man who justified his refusal to do more around the house by saying , “ As one of the people who runs one of the career centers I ’ve been to told me : ‘ You ’re out of a job , but it ’s not your time to paint the house and fix the car .
Your job is about finding the next job . ’ ”
At the kinky extreme , laid - off white - collar people are advised to further simulate the office environment by finding someone to play the part of a “ boss ” -- a spouse , a friend , a paid career coach -- to whom you report every few days on your progress .
Advertisement
Is it any wonder there ’s no time left over for lobbying for universal health insurance or reading Marxist tracts on the “ reserve army of the unemployed ” ?
It ’s all a person can do to keep up with the relentless pressures of an imaginary job .
The blue - collar unemployed are subjected to gerbil - like exercises of their own .
While white - collar layoff victims are encouraged to polish the “ brand called you , ” blue - collar people are told they have nothing to offer unless they start all over with “ retraining . ”
Hence , in part , the current surge in community college enrollments .
But in his 2006 book , “ The Disposable American : Layoffs and Their Consequences , ” Louis Uchitelle raised the obvious question : “ Retraining for what ? ”
At the beginning of the decade , computer skills were all the rage ; then the low - level computer work vanished to India .
Air - conditioner repairing is popular right now , and big-rig truck driving is a perennial favorite .
There are no guarantees , of course , of eventual jobs .
In a recent report for the organization Food AND Medicine on laid - off manufacturing workers in Maine , Steve Husson , who himself had been laid off as a DHL driver , found paper mill workers stuck with intermittent seasonal work and low - paid service - sector jobs despite their stints of retraining .
Even two or three years ago , when the economy was apparently healthy , average layoff victims “ landed ” in new jobs paying 17 % less than the old ones -- if they landed at all .
Today , with the country losing more than half a million jobs a month , both white - collar job searching and blue - collar retraining are becoming surreal exercises in futility .
No matter how smart you are -- how flexible , personable and skilled -- you ca n’t find a job that is n’t there .
At least until the unemployment benefits run out and the credit cards are canceled , you might as well devote yourself to Madden and “ Minesweeper . ”
Advertisement
Of course , there are a few constructive , work - like alternatives .
You could join one of the emerging efforts to organize the unemployed , like Food AND Medicine in Maine , the Unemployed and Anxiously Employed Workers ’ Assn. of Allen County , Ind. , or the nationwide group United Professionals , which I helped start .
Or you could pitch in with one of the several organizations fighting for single - payer health insurance , or at least a huge expansion of public health insurance for the unemployed .
You could get together with laid - off friends and co-workers to discuss how you would design an economy that made use of people ’s precious skills instead of periodically tossing them out like so much trash .
But the first step , as in any 12 - step program , is to overcome denial .
Job searching is not a job ; retraining is not a panacea .
You may be poorer than you ’ve ever been , but you are also freer -- to express anger and urgency , to dream and create , to get together with others and conspire to build a better world .
This is an important JaloPSA :
If you decide to retire to your car for some personal afternoon - delight , make sure you 're not parked next to a tall building with your sunroof open .
NSFW .
Two days ago a man in Edmonton , Alberta was in his parked Dodge Nitro , apparently watching pornography and masturbating .
Normally this would n't be noteworthy , but folks high in the Nexopia.com headquarters noticed a familiar rhythmic motion coming from underneath the towel laid across the gentleman 's lap .
Of course someone grabbed a recording device and motioned for friends come over to point and laugh .
Eventually , one of the employees went down to the ground floor and by waving up to the camera , revealed the fellows folly .
That 's one helluva way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo .
Hopefully he does n't actually work in that company .
[ Break ]
Galina Rusanova/ self - portrait / Photo : http://galina-rusanova.com
A respected Russian artist was arrested after mixing wine and prescription drugs before allegedly drinking liquid soap and attacking flight attendants on a trans -Atlantic flight , Daily Mail reports .
British - based Galina Rusanova is accused of punching and kicking flight attendants and - at one point - ' snapping like a dog ' while trying to bite a crew member 's leg .
Rusanova appeared at court in Bangor , Maine , on Friday , charged with assault and interference with a flight crew .
She will remain in custody before a detention hearing in a US district court on Monday .
According to the FBI , Rusanova went to Los Angeles to visit a man she met on the internet and was returning to London on Wednesday when her flight was diverted to Bangor .
The 54 - year - old is known in Britain as a respected artist , actress and author who mixes with the rich and famous at London society and charity events .
According to court documents , after her arrest she spent the night at Eastern Maine Medical Center for observation and is said to have told FBI agents : ' It 's typical of me .
I sometimes do crazy things . '
The trouble is thought to have started three hours into the United Airlines flight .
Court reports claim she seemed very intoxicated , found it hard to get into her seat and kicked the seat in front .
Rusanova allegedly fell asleep but then began bothering other passengers , moving around the cabin and speaking incoherently when she awoke .
She is then accused of drinking a bottle of liquid hand soap from a lavatory on the plane as a flight attendant looked on , according to the documents .
Liquid soap is sometimes consumed for its alcohol content .
When a crew member asked her to go back to her seat , Rusanova is said to have waved her arms .
According to the documents , the attendant tried to control her by putting her arms around her , and then moved her to the plane 's galley .
As other staff and a passenger tried to calm her down , Rusanova allegedly assaulted them .
She was then handcuffed to a crew member 's seat at the back of the passenger compartment , the documents said .
Rusanova told FBI agents after her arrests that she took prescription pills and drank wine because she has a fear of flying .
She claimed that she took sleeping pills and an antidepressant and drank two or three small bottles of red wine once on board the plane .
She remembered talking about the seating and the quality of the wine but little else , the documents state .
She told US Magistrate , Judge Margaret Kravchuk , that she lived on disability allowance in the UK .
Rusanova did not enter a plea on Friday .
She will probably be held without bail until the case is resolved .
Rusanova has been based in Britain for 20 years and began painting seven years ago .
Her work has sold widely in London .
A friend told the Sunday Telegraph that she was known to meet up with men she had met over the internet .
There was no reply at her north west London home when the newspaper visited yesterday .
A spokeswoman for the Foreign and Commonwealth Office said : ' We are aware of this woman 's arrest and we are providing consular assistance . '
Not that we have anything against Conan the Second Barbarian , but we 're gonna miss Jay Leno on The Ticket .
This is the last week for the jut - jawed late - night icon who 's interviewed so many politicians on his show over these years .
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who announced on Jay 's show his candidacy to replace the soon - to - be - recalled Gray Davis , was back on tonight , for the 25th time .
The gov complained that he took his family to see the new Terminator movie and his daughter thought it was the best one yet .
Thanks , honey .
Maybe Jay 's writers will soon join the unemployment line .
Maybe not .
But they 're going out with a bang .
In tribute to them -- and Jay -- we 're running some of our favorite lines from tonight 's Tonight Show monologue :
About Memorial Day : " I guess most people sat around all day doing nothing .
But enough about the Lakers . "
On President Obama 's nomination of Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court : " A Latino woman .
How about that ?
You know what that means -- Ruth Bader Ginsburg will no longer be the hot chick on the court .
" If confirmed , she would be the country 's first Hispanic justice .
Her first order of business ?
Deporting Lou Dobbs . "
" The Republicans were a little disappointed .
When they heard Obama say he might appoint a minority , they said , ' Oh , great ! '
Then , they realized . "
" The economy is so bad , Kev , I tell ya , a dog asked Michael Vick to set up some fights for him .
The dog needs the money !
" The people in Beverly Hills are hurting .
The guys in Beverly Hills are going to Earl Schieb to get a spray - on tan .
It 's cheaper .
" The economy is so bad , Gov. Schwarzenegger had to take a second job narrating Hooked on Phonics CDs .
That 's how bad it is .
" Gov. Schwarzenegger is our guest here tonight .
Actually , he 's not here as a guest .
He 's here to pass the hat . "
Schwarzenegger from offstage : " The state is broke .
Give generously . "
And for cat owners , who really understand : " A new study has found that having a cat makes you 40 % less likely to die of a heart attack .
Not that the cat could care either way . "
Hey -oh !
-- Andrew Malcolm
But seriously , folks , click here for Twitter alerts on each new Ticket item .
Or follow us @latimestot
Photo : NBC
Fraud on the court is fraud which seriously affects the integrity of the normal process of adjudication .
Gleason v. Jandrucko , 860 F.2d 556 , 559 ( 2nd Cir. 1988 ) .
It involves far more than an injury to an individual litigant or a case of a judgment obtained [ simply ] with the aid of a witness who , on the basis of after - discovered evidence , is believed to possibly to have been guilty of perjury .
Id. ( citations omitted ) ( alteration in original ) .
The concept embraces that species of fraud which does or attempts to , defile the Court itself , or is a fraud perpetrated by officers of the court so that the judicial machinery cannot perform in the usual manner its impartial task of adjudging cases presented for adjudication .
Kupferman v. Consolidated Research & Mfg. Corp. , 459 F.2d 1072 , 1078 ( 2nd Cir. 1972 ) ( quoting 7 MOORES FEDERAL PRACTICE ¶60.33 , at 515 ( 1971 ed. ) .26
The Sixth Circuit has ruled that the elements of fraud upon the Court consists of conduct :
1 . On the part of an officer of the Court ;
2 . That is directed to the judicial machinery itself ;
3 . That is intentionally false , willfully blind to the truth , or is in reckless disregard for the truth ;
4 . That is a positive averment or is concealment when one is under a duty to disclose ;
5 . That deceives the court .
Mark Fuller , the federal judge who oversaw the Don Siegelman trial , committed fraud on the court by failing to disclose his bias against the former Alabama governor .
That means the judgment against Siegelman and codefendant Richard Scrushy should be vacated , says an attorney who has conducted extensive research on Fuller 's legal and business activities .
"
The evidence is clear to me that Judge Fuller failed to disclose his bias in the Siegelman case and committed fraud on the court , " said Paul Benton Weeks , an attorney in Springfield , Missouri .
" It is an example of what the Supreme Court has called an ' inexcusable ' failure of a judge to remove himself from a case .
" Weeks spoke at a media teleconference this morning as a follow up to an investigative report by veteran attorney and journalist Andrew Kreig that was published last Friday at Huffington Post .
Kreig reports that Weeks is initiating a renewed call for impeachment amid allegations that Fuller tried to defraud Alabama 's state - employee pension system and earned millions of dollars from military contracts during the Bush administration .
Weeks said he uncovered Fuller 's misconduct with the assistance of Gary McAliley , a Siegelman appointee who took over as district attorney for two south Alabama counties after Fuller was named to the federal bench by George W. Bush .
" Fuller was deeply concerned that McAliley was going to indict him , " Weeks said .
" When that concern passed , Fuller became determined to stay on the Siegelman case because he wanted revenge .
" Weeks compared Fuller 's actions in the Siegelman case to those of a Louisiana judge in Liljeberg v. Health Svcs.
Acq. Corp , 486 U.S. 847 ( 1988 ) .
Liljeberg involved ownership of St. Jude Hospital in Kenner , Lousiana .
Loyola University had an interest in the hospital , and the judge who heard the case was a Loyola trustee .
The judge failed to disclose his relationship to Loyola , and the Supreme Court ruled that was grounds for vacating the judgment in the case .
"
If a judge knows something that others in the case do n't know , and it would cause an appearance of bias , he has an obligation to identify it and get out of the case , " Weeks said .
" The Supreme Court said in Liljeberg that the judge 's failure to do this was inexcusable .
" Weeks said Fuller 's actions also raise issues that were addressed in Hazel - Atlas Glass Co. v. Hartford - Empire Co. , 322 U.S. 238 ( 1944 ) .
That case involved a fraud on the court that was discovered years after the judgment had been entered .
The Supreme Court found that such a fraud required the judgment to be set aside .
Fuller 's actions in the Siegelman case rise to the level of a fraud on the court , Weeks said .
What is fraud on the court ?
Here is how one court described it :
The court goes on to describe the elements of a fraud on the court : Fuller was an officer of the court in the Siegelman case and concealed a bias that he was under duty to disclose .
That , Weeks said , constitutes a fraud on the court .
It is a horrifying concept : being buried alive .
Even more terrible is the prospect of living trapped in our own bodies , unable to move or communicate .
It ’s called locked - in syndrome .
Characters like Captain Pike and Jean- Dominique Bauby , ( one fictional , the other not ) describe the fear and frustration of living with a healthy mind in a broken body .
But there is a real - life hope .
As its name suggests , Cyberkinetics ’ Braingate Neural Interface device allows patients to open the door between their mind and the outside world .
Utilizing years of research studying brain signals , Braingate can read impulses in the brain using tiny implanted wires and translate those impulses into commands for computer cursors , wheelchairs , and perhaps even robotic limbs .
The procedure for implanting Braingate may seem pure science fiction , but it works .
Hair - thin gold wires are connected to individual neurons in the brain ’s motor cortex .
These wires are gathered at a small silicon array and connected to a “ pedestal ” embedded in the skull .
This metallic interface is easy to spot ( it ’s a big metal nub on the top of the head ) .
From the pedestal , signals can be sent to a computer for translation .
By interpreting the motor cortex signals , scientists can determine what your brain would be trying to move ( arm , hand , finger , etc ) if you were n’t paralyzed .
So you have a metal nub in your head , and some wires poking into your brain , what ’s the pay off ?
How about the most intuitive mouse ever : by thinking about raising or lowering their hands , patients can move a cursor on the screen of a PC .
Squeeze their imaginary hand , and the cursor clicks .
The brain signals are n’t completely mapped out yet , and keeping track of one ’s thoughts is n’t an easy task , so the cursor tends to jiggle a little and can be hard to move quickly .
That being said , it allows individuals who have a hard time even blinking to be able to communicate with others and manipulate devices from their computer .
Check out Kathy Hutchinson , one of the first patients , in this story from 60 minutes , the cable connected to her skull seems to be straight out of the Matrix :
Moving Right Along
This amazing technology is the work of many different collaborators , chief among them are Dr. John Donoghue from Brown University , who is also the head of Cyberkinetics , and Dr. Leigh Hochberg from Massachusetts General Hospital .
While most of the videos you can find of these two are more than a year old , their work is still developing quickly .
Dr. Hochberg began the long process of pilot clinical trials back in February of this year .
With the clinical trials will come a better understanding of how to interpret motor cortex signals and increase the tasks able to be performed by patients .
Cyberkinetics is already testing a motorized wheelchair , and has plans to develop methods for regaining breathing , bladder , and bowel control .
Expectedly , Braingate is well received publicly and Dr. Hochberg is seeking Investigational Device Exemption from the FDA .
Like the Humanitarian Device Exemption given to other implants , this allows the research to continue with human trials quickly .
And the technology is developing at a rapid pace .
It was only 2005 when we first heard about the beginning experiments to map signals from the brains of rhesus monkeys .
The next four to five years will likely see another flurry of development .
I think that this technology is on the brink of runaway growth and success .
As Braingate moves forward and is refined , it is poised to mesh with dozens of other related technologies .
Singularity Hub has shown you the prosthetic devices , robotic exoskeletons , brain controlled robots , and fMRI mind - reading systems already on the horizon .
Soon , I think we ’ll see a convergence of these various tools that , while developed separately , have a similar goal : allowing human thoughts to directly affect real - world objects .
Once these technologies function better than normal human equivalents we will seem them transition from therapies to everyday utilities .
For now , Braingate returns a precious commodity : control .
For many locked - in their own bodies , the best hope they had would be to communicate by blinking .
Using a direct neural interface , these same patients have the prospect of writing letters for themselves and maybe even guiding their own wheelchairs .
In the future , those prospects may expand to include walking with the help of an exoskeleton or commanding a helper robot .
Without a doubt , brain signal technology is taking small steady steps forward every day .
Like the Count de Monte Cristo , scientists are slowly digging an escape from the prison that these patients are held in .
Together with their patients , they prove that even greater than the terror of being buried alive is the determination to one day be free again .
Sorry for the long absence , but I have been busy working on a project here in Madison , hopefully by the first of September things will beup and running and I can let you in on what I have been doing .
So to hold you over here are a couple wildflower shots from this spring , hope you enjoy them and I will try to get caught up on everyones blogs over the next couple of days .
Take care and I will talk to you later .
Biofuels , especially ethanol , have come under criticism for raising the price of food and contributing to the overuse of antibiotics ; however , there is a new concern that biofuel production is negatively impacting regional water supplies .
A recent study in the journal Environmental Science & Technology reports that to produce a gallon of ethanol in some regions of the US it takes as much as 2,100 gallons of water from farm to fuel pump .
Image by larsz
Dennis Keeney of Iowa State University explains his concerns about ethanol ’s water footprint :
Ethanol production processes are water intensive ; often the process water required is more than is available locally , causing controversy over siting of the plants .
Corn production on irrigated lands accounts for a major proportion of water use in agriculture and often involves aquifers that are being depleted .
As potable water becomes less available in developed and developing economies , priorities for water use there may preclude biofuels .
The use of scarce water supplies to grow corn for ethanol must be strongly questioned .
Water is becoming the most critical natural resource for food production and we could end up with a biofuel industry that is taking water from food production …
To mitigate water resource impact , perhaps the next energy policy act should also insist on a water footprint analysis of all biofuels .
As of July 2008 , biofuel production in the US had reached 34 billion liters exceeding the mandated 32 billion liters under the Energy Independence and Security Act ( EISA ) .
Â
Previous studies on ethanol ’s water dependence showedÂ field - to - pump water use of 1 L of ethanol to be between 263 and 784 , but according to the new study from the University of Minnesota , this fails to take into account differences in regional irrigation practices for growing bioethanol crops .
Â
In the new study , researchers discovered the embodied water in ethanol ( EWe ) varied greatly from state to state as measured by liters of water per liter of ethanol ( L L?1 ) .
Yi - Wen Chiu , Brian Walseth and Sangwon Suh of the Water Resources Science and Department of Bioproducts and Biosystems Engineering write :
The results show that there is a wide variation in EWe between states ranging from 5 to 2138 L L?1 .
As a general trend , the EWe increases from the East to the West and from the Midwest to the Southwest regions of the U.S. ( Figure 2 ) .
Among the 19 ethanol - producing states in 2007 , Ohio shows the lowest EWe of 5 L L?1 , whereas California has the highest EWe of 2138 … Our results also show that a considerable volume of groundwater was withdrawn for bioethanol in the regions with vulnerable fossil aquifers .
The authors suggest ethanol production should be concentrated in regions with lower irrigation rates to lessen its impact on groundwater supplies .
As more of the country faces drought conditions , this will be especially important to consider when converting land to biofuel crops .
According to Greenpeace ’s Guide to Greener Electronics ,
Sony ranked number one amongst the console manufacturers , scoring a 5.5 out of 10 .
They were able to move up two spaces to Rank # 5 , with Greenpeace citing Sony as having good chemicals management .
Microsoft and Nintendo ranked behind in 2nd and 3rd place , respectively , amongst the console manufacturers .
Nokia ranked # 1 overall .
Here ’s the quote from the Greenpeace document , which can be downloaded as a PDF here .
This firebreathing robot - dog - beast - cycle ( inappropriately named Lrry ) was made entirely out of recycled materials by the Mutoid Waste Company in London .
" Why ? " , you ask .
" Why not ? " , the makers reply .
" Because that f*** er 's gonna kill us all ! " , you scream while throwing an empty beer can and lacing up your running shoes .
Perfectly at home at any monster truck rally , Lrry is guaranteed to melt your face off then trample your body .
And , seriously , what better way to go ?
You know , besides every other way , excluding impalement .
Hit the Kris Kross will make you jump jump for a video of the doomsday machine in action .
Robodogoflameocycle [ botjunkie ]
Thanks to Daniel , Edwin , Phil , Johnny and Thomas , any of whom could steal the wheels off this bitch at a red light .
Diese Woche überrascht der Spiegel mit einem sehr guten Titel : Risiko Vorsorge .
Zusammengefasst erfährt der Leser , dass die von Ärzten , Krankenkassen und Pharmaindustrie angepriesenen regelmäßigen Check - ups bei einer sauberen statistischen Auswertung zu mehr Ängste und Sorgen bei den Patienten führen , als zu einem gefühlten Mehr an Sicherheit .
Der von Markus Grill verfasste Artikel beschäftigt sich mit den Vorsorgeuntersuchungen für Brustkrebs , Prostatakrebs , Hautkrebs und sogar Darmkrebs .
Während über die Risiken und Nebenwirkungen der ersten drei bereits an anderer Stelle ausführlich berichtet wurde , dürften die Risiken der Darmkrebsvorsorge noch nicht allgemein bekannt sein .
Grill zitiert dazu die hamburger Fachärztin Ingrid Mühlhauser , die beschreibt , dass bei :
10.000 Darmspiegelungen 30 mal eine schwere Blutung auftritt und 10 mal unabsichtlich der Darm durchstoßen wird .
Jetzt würde man an dieser Stelle gerne darüber schreiben , wie viele Menschen von der Darmspiegelung profitieren , jedoch gibt es dazu keine einzige saubere ( randomisiert - kontrollierte ) Studie , wie etwa für Brustkrebs .
Für Brustkrebs ist beispielsweise bewiesen :
Wenn 2000 Frauen über 10 Jahre regelmäßig am Brustkrebsscreening teilnehmen , stirbt eine weniger an Brustkrebs , als in der Gruppe , die nicht an der Vorsorge teilgenommen hat ( in absoluten Zahlen sterben also 3 Frauen in der Screeninggruppe an Brustkrebs , anstelle von 4 in der Gruppe , die nicht am Screening teilnahm ) .
Von den 2000 gescreenten Frauen erhalten jedoch 10 Frauen eine Krebsbehandlung – obwohl sie gar keinen Brustkrebs haben ( falsch - positiv ) .
Und insgesamt erhalten 200 Frauen des Screenings innerhalb der 10 Jahre eine Einladung zu einer genaueren Untersuchung ( ohne dass dabei etwas gefunden wird ) .
Fehlalarm also .
Die Gegenüberstellung :
Wie viele profitieren – wie vielen schadet ( durch unnötig ausgelöste Ängste ) die Vorsorgeuntersuchung – zeigt demnach eine gefährliche Schieflage .
Doch wie gut sind die Bürger informiert ?
Der berliner Max - Planck - Forscher Gerd Gigerenzer fragte nach : Wenn eine Frau im Brustkrebsscreening postiv auf Brustkrebs getestet wird , wie hoch ist die Wahrscheinlichkeit , dass sie tatsächlich an einer Brustkrebserkrankung leidet ?
Die richtige Antwort , also : 10 Prozent von ihnen haben Brustkrebs , 90 Prozent hingegen sind falsch - positive Befunde wussten nur 20 Prozent der Befragten .
Peinlich ist jedoch , dass Gigerenzer ausschließlich Frauenärzte befragte …
Der Medizinexperte Klaus Koch , auf dessen Recherchen ein Großteil der Ergebnisse im Artikel beruht , fasst treffend zusammen .
Das Risiko , unnötig zu einem Krebspatienten zu werden , ist größer , als die Wahrscheinlichkeit durch die Untersuchung , vor dem Tod durch einen Tumor bewahrt zu werden .
Das soll natürlich keine Empfehlung sein , Vorsorgeuntersuchungen generell abzulehnen , aber eine wichtige Vorbereitung – wie man mit möglichen Ergebnissen umgehen sollte und eine Empfehlung , nach der man seine persönliche Meinung gegenüber Menschen , die keine Vorsorgeuntersuchungen nutzen wollen , dringend revidieren sollte .
Schließlich gibt es gute Gründe , die dagegen sprechen .
Denn viele Menschen halten sich – aus was für Gründen auch immer – für prädestiniert , eine schwere Krebserkrankung zu erleiden und sind gerne bereit , diese Bürde auf sich zu nehmen .
Viele Mediziner haben bereits Erfahrungen mit Patienten , die mit einem etwas dunkleren Leberfleck in die Sprechstunde kommen und sofort in Tränen ausbrechen , weil sie felsenfest davon überzeugt sind , an malignen Hautkrebs erkrankt zu sein und den Arzt anflehen , ihnen zu sagen , wie lange sie noch zu leben haben .
Für solche Menschen – das muss einfach mal gesagt werden – sind sämtliche Vorsorgeuntersuchungen vollkommen ungeeignet .
Description : hot sarah sucks hard and deep and gets load blown down her throat
Joice Dodo in Juba ( Sudan ) , wanted to expand her bread baking business to build a house she wants to rent out .
We loaned her $ 50 via Kiva 's micro financing scheme .
She is one of the loans we issued today :
Today , we gave these loans on behalf of Bex ( as a birthday present for " E " )
- Lina in Lebanon : $ 50
- Dao Thi Sau in Vietnam : $ 50
- Joice Dodo in Sudan : $ 50
Temmy and other team member of our Kiva Lending team chipped in more , so in a span of only 24 hours , we raised
$ 1,000
for loans on our Kiva micro financing project ...
We are now just a breath away from $ 10,000 .
Who would have thought this was possible when we started " Change Starts Here " , only six months ago ?
Follow the progress of our project on our scorecard , and why not join our lender 's team
Advertisements
Last week , we featured 10 projects that reuse and recycle plastic bottles – this week , we ’re looking at some amazing things created with reused cardboard .
From bridges and bikes to furniture and homes , cardboard is becoming a preferred material for innovative recyclable products .
We ’ve even included a few cardboard reuse projects you can make at home !
Giles Miller is a master of cardboard design .
While he usually concentrates on furniture made of cardboard , these sustainable laptop cases were part of the 2006 London ( re ) Design Exhibit .
Miller personalizes his bags with initials or logos , but you can make a cardboard laptop case of your own with this tutorial .
Nothing , a creative agency in Amsterdam , wanted an office that reflected their brand as well as their creativity – a cardboard office was the answer .
Complete with cubicles , storage space , and a loft - style conference room , the Nothing Office is made entirely of cardboard .
The blank walls were custom decorated with drawings after completion .
Sheffield Hallam University design student , Phil Bridge , created a working bicycle made of recycled cardboard .
The bike is functional , but limited , and could sell for just $ 30 .
The cardboard frame is sturdy and completely recyclable , but probably not too durable in the rain .
Shigeru
Ban ’s recycled cardboard bridge is an amazing example of just how versatile cardboard can be .
281 cardboard tubes have been recycled into the frame of the footbridge and the steps are made from recycled paper and plastic – the structure is strong enough to support up to 20 people at once .
The YOC – Your Own Chair – is an entry from DesignBloom ’s 2003 cardboard folding chair competition .
YOC is a portable chair that looks like a shopping bag but provides the perfect resting spot wherever you go .
The chair was created by Johan Carlsson of Denmark .
Bringing a whole new meaning to living in a cardboard box , this lightweight and low - cost house is made of 85 % recycled materials and can be completely recycled when demolished .
The roof is made with HDPE plastic to protect the cardboard house from rain and moisture .
How do you furnish a cardboard house ?
With cardboard furniture , of course !
These miniature models are designed for lightweight use and can both be made at home .
The cardboard cat chaise was created by oskay ( tutorial ) and several types of cardboard children ’s furniture patterns can be found at FoldSchool .
If you ’re looking for something a bit more grown - up , there are an assortment of designers that create recycled cardboard furniture .
The desk and bookcase above were made by French furniture makers , Les Cartonnistes .
You ’ll also find a few Instructables on DIY cardboard furniture projects .
Cardboard can also be used to create amazing art and is the medium of choice for Mark Langan .
This is one of many pieces Langan has created from nothing but recycled cardboard .
Most of his cardboard art is designed for companies within the paper or recycling industry and features extraordinary logo art .
Gray Chang first made this working cardboard camera in 1983 , modeled after his personal 35 mm at the time .
The camera was repaired in 2005 after being damaged by vandals .
A pinhole design , the camera requires total darkness to load and unload the single 4×5 sheet of film .
This year marks the 40th anniversary of Sesame Street .
As Newsweek 's Lisa Guernsey reports , although the children 's show changed the world — intentionally showcasing children of different races living and playing together , and teaching kids about numbers and letters before they hit kindergarten — it 's now number 15 in ratings .
Advertisement
But while SpongeBob and Dora may rank higher , has any other show done so much for kids than Sesame Street ?
According to Guernsey , " Independent research found that children who regularly watch Sesame Street gained more than nonviewers on tests of letter and number recognition , vocabulary and early math skills .
One study , in 2001 , revealed that the show 's positive effects on reading and achievement lasted through high school . "
Plus , unlike some other offerings in 1969 , the show tapped into the social activism of the era .
" From the start , " writes Guernsey , " Sesame targeted lower - income , urban kids - the ones who lived on streets with garbage cans sitting in front of their rowhouse apartments . "
And there were other moments — like when Snuffleupagus taught us how to communicate with the deaf — which showed that the program attempted to include to all kinds of people .
Advertisement
Singing , cultural diversity and huggable puppets :
What 's not to love ?
( How many of these albums did you have ? )
Next : Some favorite moments from Sesame Street !
" Me And My Llama . "
It 's probably best not to wonder why a little girl is walking a llama through the streets of Manhattan and instead think of this as a way to teach kids that the dentist is n't scary .
Question : Does that llama also see an orthodontist ?
" Ladybug Picnic "
It 's not just a counting song :
It mentions knock - knock jokes !
And when they roast marshmallows , it seems like the most fun thing in the world .
" School Pageant : Flower " Prairie Dawn plays piano in this hilariously crappy school play , where monsters are bad actors who forget their lines .
" Pinball 12 " The voices you hear are the Pointer Sisters .
Enough said .
" Ernie Can't Sleep " Since Ernie has insomnia , he clearly has to keep Bert awake as well .
" I Love Trash " Did you know that Oscar used to be ORANGE ?
" Somebody Come And Play " Mommy !
We have to hurry and visit the zoo !
All the animals are so sad and lonely without us !!!
" C Is for Cookie " A classic .
Simple and to the point .
" Near And Far " Grover — voiced by Frank Oz , who later played a cop in the Eddie Murphy / Dan Akroyd flick Trading Places , explains " near " and " far " here , but was also amazing in his segments with John - John .
" Fairy Alphabet " Some really gorgeous illustration / animation ; super ' 70s tune !
Other awesome moments : The Alligator King ; the Typewriter Guy ; Rubber Ducky ; It 's Not Easy Being Green and the Yip Yip Aliens …
What have I missed ?
[ Ed note : This . ]
‘ Sesame Street ' [ Newsweek ]
WE have already posted about Darwinius masillae , and apparently so has everyone else in the universe .
Given what we know about the large number of transitional fossils which have previously been discovered ( see : list of transitional fossils ) , our opinion is that another one , although delightful , is hardly worth all the fuss the media are making out of it .
But while the press is in full frenzy , we thought you ’d like to see how the creationists are reacting .
This is just the beginning , of course , but it ’s probably indicative of what we ’ll be seeing .
First , this is something from Rush Limbaugh ‘s website : Stack of Stuff for 19 May .
Rush ’s commentary seems to be based on the genuinely hysterical Sky News report that we mentioned in our earlier post .
The bold font was added by us :
Drudge had as a lead item up there this morning on his page a story from the UK , Sky News : “ Scientists Unveil Missing Link In Evolution . ”
It ’s all about how Darwin would be thrilled to be alive today .
“ Scientists have unveiled a 47 - million - year - old fossilised skeleton of a monkey hailed as the missing link in human evolution . ” …
So I guess this is settled science .
We now officially came from a monkey , 47 million years ago .
Well , that ’s how it ’s being presented here .
It ’s settled science .
You know , this is all BS , as far as I ’m concerned .
Rush , the Curmudgeon loves ya , but we fervently wish that you ’d stick to politics , which you understand so well .
Science just is n’t part of your portfolio .
Here ’s more :
Cross species evolution , I do n’t think anybody ’s ever proven that .
They ’re going out of their way now to establish evolution as a mechanism for creation , which , of course , you ca n’t do , but I ’m more interested in some other missing link .
And that is the missing link between our failing economy and prosperity .
And with that , Rush goes back to familiar territory — where we almost always agree with him — and he ceases to embarrass himself discussing science .
We wo n’t beat up on Rush too much .
He ’s got a blind spot here , but we think he ’s a good guy .
The next item , however , has no redeeming features .
It comes from WorldNetDaily , which we have previously described as “ one of the worst practitioners of journalism that ever existed , or that ever could exist . ”
We ’ve presented our views rather clearly here : WorldNetDaily — Worthless Creationist Rag !
Here ’s their article on Darwinius masillae : Media blitz : ‘ We found missing link ’ .
We ’ll give you a few excerpts , with bold added by us .
First they breeze through a rundown of what the media are saying .
Then :
“ There is a lot of media hype right now , and the claim is that this is a missing link , this is it : the evidence of evolution , ” said Ken Ham , president of Answers in Genesis .
Quoting Ken Ham on a question of science is like quoting Charles Manson on family values .
Let ’s read on :
“ The reviewers said we do n’t know this is a missing link , and they asked the people who wrote [ the newspaper reports ] to tone it down , ” Ham told WND , “ and yet we have this media hype claiming this is it , this is the missing link . ”
We find ourselves in superficial agreement with Ken Ham on this small point .
We continue :
“ It ’s obviously a lot of media hype to promote an ideology , ” Ham told WND .
“ In the wake of a lot of controversies in creation vs. evolution , evolutionists want to be able to announce they have the ultimate proof . …
It ’s obviously a ploy to promote a book and a television special and to indoctrinate the public in evolution by making a lot of statements that are way beyond what the scientists themselves wrote . ”
Mr. Ham describes tactics of which he himself is a master .
But he ’s incorrect in this case .
The media are n’t promoting something outrageously goofy for ideological purposes , like — for example — Mr. Ham ’s creationist museum .
Instead , they ’re just being their usual silly journalistic selves .
Moving along , we see that WorldNetDaily is consulting yet another creationist for his input :
Dr. Jonathan Wells , author and biologist at the Discovery Institute ’s Center for Science and Culture , helped WND take a closer look at the science vs. hype debate
We ’ve written about Wells before .
See : The Genius of Jonathan Wells .
Now that you know something about him , here ’s what he says to WorldNetDaily :
When WND asked Dr. Wells if this creature could have traits of both lemurs and apes , the biologist explained that even a combination of the two groups ’ anatomy does n’t necessarily mean that evolution used this animal as a “ bridge ” to cross from one to other .
Similarity in animal traits , he explained , even in a theoretical “ missing link , ” does n’t prove evolution .
As with all scientific theories , no single piece of evidence is “ proof . ”
But an accumulation of such evidence is overwhelmingly powerful support for the theory , especially when — as with evolution — there is no evidence that contradicts the theory .
Wells should know this .
Another excerpt :
“ In every case , what you ’ve got is a fossil , a dead animal , ” Wells explained .
“ The theory of evolution says we have to have come from ancestors , so scientists go out looking , and then they find this particular animal that fits the theory better than other candidates .
But there ’s absolutely no way to know – and many Darwinists acknowledge this – whether in fact any other animals evolved from this one or not , much less humans .
So the line of ancestry and descent is completely speculative . ”
Thus , Wells dismisses the entire fossil record .
It does n’t mean a thing to him .
Just a bunch of dead animals .
Here ’s the final paragraph of the article :
“ When you listen to Darwinists , they claim their theory is as well established as gravity , ” Wells told WND .
“ If that were really the case , we would n’t be getting these startling announcements that we finally found the proof that we need .
There would n’t be any controversy .
This would be like someone running up and saying , ‘ Stop the presses .
I just saw another apple fall from the tree ; Newton was right !’
In the evolutionists ’ own framework , it ’s nonsense .
It demonstrates their theory is not as well established as they claim . “
We did n’t think our contempt for creationism could ever be any greater than it has been , but this WorldNetDaily article has genuinely surprised us by revealing our heretofore hidden depths .
• • • • • • • • • • •
. .
Permalink for this article
MAGICNUDE - MET ART's WORLD
MAGICNUDE offers the largest , freshest , classiest collection of teen nude art , and fine photography in the World .
The daily updated site offers beautiful , natural , nude girls captured in sensuous , professional , dazzling photos of the highest aesthetic quality by the world 's best photographers !
MAGICNUDE also has a massive archive of high quality DIVX movies !
MAGICNUDE is a complete immersion in flawless beauty , and pure art .
THE NUMBER ONE AND MOST IMITATED NUDE ART SITE IN THE WORLD .
The site is RATED BEST SITE website on the net , on 7 TOP REVIEW websites , including : Adultsitesurfer , CaughtNude , Porninspector , NudityHunter , Adultreviews .
The site features photographers such as : Jacques Bourboulon , the legendary Chris Nikolson , and Peter Dominic , presenting these three Masters 's original , and never before published work .
Galitsin , Gabriele Rigon , Brian Peterson , Andrey Slastyonoff , the most acclaimed Russian photographer , Anais Demois , Richard Murrian , Roy Stuart , erotic photographer of the year , Tony Ward , and many , many others .
Caption
Launch of Space Shuttle Endeavour from Pad 39B on mission STS - 97 .
This is a five minute exposure taken from the Causeway ( about 7 miles away from the pad ) .
Taken with a borrowed all - manual Nikomat camera , 24 mm lens , f/16 , Kodak Royal Gold 100 film .
When the exposure was stopped in this shot , the shuttle was approximately 229 statute miles downrange .
Michelle Obama
Michelle Obama Announces $ 50 Million Fund for Nonprofits
By Philip Rucker
President Obama 's budget for next year will include $ 50 million to help expand nonprofit programs across the country to promote national service , first lady Michelle Obama announced tonight at an event in New York .
The White House initiative , known as the Social Innovation Fund , is a component of the new Serve America Act. Mrs. Obama said that it would provide capital to support innovative nonprofit organizations and to help social entrepreneurs expand " their successful approaches to tackling our most pressing national challenges . "
" The idea is simple : Find the most effective programs out there and then provide the capital needed to replicate their success in communities around the country , " she said in a speech at Time magazine 's " 100 Most Influential People Awards , " according to her prepared remarks , released by the White House .
Mrs. Obama added , " By focusing on high - impact , results - oriented nonprofits , we will ensure that government dollars are spent in a way that is effective , accountable and worthy of the public trust . "
Mrs. Obama , who founded Public Allies Chicago , a AmeriCorps nonprofit program that prepares youth for public service , has made advocating for national service a key component of her mission as first lady .
Posted at 8:00 PM ET on May 5 , 2009 | Category : Michelle Obama
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous : Souter Bids a Fond Farewell | Next : Mrs. Obama , Sweeping the Clouds Away in N.Y .
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : 178 mypost | May 6 , 2009 7:34 PM
Posted by : afed27 | May 6 , 2009 4:27 PM
Posted by : JakeD | May 6 , 2009 12:49 PM
Posted by : nodebris | May 5 , 2009 11:36 PM
Posted by : JakeD | May 5 , 2009 8:18 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
my long long vacation to North Sulawesi
I had a month vacation to my parents hometown Manado , located in northern part of Sulawesi island .
It was my forth visit and my longest one , last time i went there was about 4 years ago and it was a short stay , so i barely remember the place .
In a month i visited most of the tourist destination there , mostly beaches ^ ^
My first impression of manado was , it got a hell lot of coconut trees !!
Believe me , you 'll be amaze !
The trees ... Read more
Wheel slippage during attempts to extricate NASA 's Mars Rover Spirit from a patch of soft ground during the preceding two weeks had partially buried the wheels by the 1,899th Martian day , or sol , of the Spirit 's mission on Mars ( May 6 , 2009 ) .
Spirit took
It couldtake week of tricky maneuvering to rescue the Mars rover Spirit from itscurrent predicament .
Spirit is stuck in an " insidious invisible rover trap , " as described by Steve Squyres , lead scientist for the Mars Exploration RoverProject .
The trap isotherwise known as sandy soil , out on one of the red planet 's plateaus .
Butproject managers are prepared to keep at it for as long as needed and have noplans to abandon or retire the rover .
On May 6 , Spirit was continuingits journey around a low plateau called " Home Plate , " when it hitthe trap .
Thickdeposits of dirt lie just below the surface , covered and camouflaged by thenormal layer of dust that blankets the Martian surface .
When a rover 's wheelshit these patches of dirt , " the wheel can't grip " and just spins , Squyres explained .
This isexactly whathappened in Spirit 's case , with the rover becoming mired up to its hubcaps , prompting the rover team to suspend all driving plans and work on a way to getthe rover out of the mire .
" Spirit ' sin a tough situation , " said project manager John Callas , of NASA 's JetPropulsion Laboratory ( JPL ) in Pasadena , Calif .
" It will probably be somenumber of weeks of tests " before Spirit becomes unstuck , he said .
Rescueeffort
GettingSpirit unstuck is difficult for several reasons .
For one , scientists do n't knowthe exact make - up of the dirt the rover is stuck in .
The team ishaving Spirit sample its surroundings to give them some clues .
They 'realso going to see how the test rover back at JPL reacts when its wheels are putin a sample of ground basaltic rock called " baghouse dust . "
If itspins its wheels like Spirit , they can use the Earth twin to test out ways that Spirit might be able to dislodge itself .
If it does n't they 'll have to try outother soil analogues , including the one they used when Spirit 's twin , Opportunity , got stuck in a feature called Purgatory Dune in 2005 .
" We 'retrying to look at everything , " Callas told SPACE.com .
But thereare a few issues that are complicating the rescue effort .
One addedproblem in Spirit 's case is its hobbled right front wheel , which has been deadfor three year .
That dead weight makes it harder to use Spirit 's five remainingwheels to pull the rover out .
" We 'redug in pretty deep , " Squyres said .
Spirit 'sleft middle wheel has been stalling , further adding to the difficulty of thetask .
Callas said the team suspects there could be a rock stuck in this wheel .
They 're hoping the wheel will start spinning again if the rover is moved in adifferent direction .
A rockcould also be stuck underneath the lander , touching its belly plate , whichwould also make moving the rover out more dangerous and difficult .
Rovermanagers have worked out a possible way for Spirit to look underneath itselfwith its robotic arm and practiced the maneuver withOpportunity .
One pieceof good news is that gusts of wind have come along in recent days and cleanedoff the dust on Spirit 's solar arrays , giving the robot a power boost .
" Sowhat this does is it buys us time , " Squyres told SPACE.com , allowing mission managers to take their time in finding a solution to free therover .
And they 'lllikely need that time .
But that 's expected , he noted , as it took several weeksto free Opportunity from Purgatory Dune .
Of course , if Spirit does get freed , there 's always the chance it could stumble intoanother trap .
The area is like " walking in a minefield , " Callas said .
Noretirement for rovers
Squyresacknowledges that there is a chance they wo n't be able to get Spirit unstuck ?
the rovers have far outlasted their planned lifetime and could have technicalfailures at any point ( Spirit has actually experienced mysterious bouts ofamnesia and restarts in recent weeks . )
" It 'sMars , these are old rover , anything could happen , " Squyres said .
And there 'sthe chance that permanent damage could befall one of the rovers other wheels , hobbling the robot even more .
But Spiritwo n't get permanently stuck for lack of effort on the part of missionscientists .
" Ifthere 's a solution , we will find it , " Squyres said .
" We 'llprobably always keep trying as long as we can , " Callas agreed .
And therover team members are adamant that it 's not yet time to retire the rovers .
" They 'restill very functioning vehicles , " Callas said .
" There 's still so muchwe can do . "
Squyresagrees , arguing that because the rovers have gone so far past their missions , it 's relatively cheap and easy to keep them operating , and the science to be learnedis of such interest that there 's no reason not to keepthem going .
" Whynot push them ? "
Squyres said .
" We 've got nothing to lose .
We can pushthem as hard as we want to now . "
Yes , “ Eric Chahi ’s classic platformer Out of this World ” has been recreated in LittleBigPlanet .
For those who missed out on our custom level feature , click here .
Otherwise , continue reading for the video .
The game tells the story of physicist Lester Knight Chaykin , who finds himself teleported to an alien planet when an experiment with a particle accelerator goes awry .
Sergio Garcia stood in the gymnasium and told the senior class at Fairfax High School not to worry :
If he was elected , he would n’t wear a dress .
“ I will be wearing a suit , ” Garcia said , “ but do n’t be fooled , deep down inside , I am a queen ! ”
Garcia , 18 , spent most of his years at Fairfax openly gay and wanted to be part of the Los Angeles school ’s prom court -- but not as prom king .
He felt that vying for prom queen would better suit his personality , so he decided to seek that crown , running against a handful of female classmates .
He said it started out as a bit of a stunt and challenge -- he was n’t sure the school would allow it .
But his campaign for queen ended up being serious and sparking dialogue about gender roles on campus .
Advertisement
A few days before the dance and election , the contenders gave short speeches on why they deserved the crown .
“ At one time , prom may have been a big popularity contest where the best - looking guy or girl were crowned king and queen .
Things have changed and it ’s no longer just about who has the most friends or who wears the coolest clothes , ” Garcia told the crowd of seniors .
“ Sure , I ’m not your typical prom queen candidate .
There ’s more to me than meets the eye . ”
The audience erupted in applause after his speech , and a group of his female friends spent the rest of the week wearing pink crowns and campaigning for him .
On Saturday night at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel , wearing a charcoal - gray tuxedo and a black bow tie , he was named prom queen .
Advertisement
“ I felt invincible , ” Garcia said .
He ’s among the first male students in Southern California to take the title usually owned by female high school beauties .
“ It just shows how open - minded our class is , ” said Vanessa Lo , 18 , the school ’s senior class president .
Lo said that she , like many students , had initially been against the idea of Garcia running for prom queen .
But she said he “ spoke with complete confidence ” and carried himself in a way that made students believe he was serious , not a class clown or joker just trying to get attention .
Advertisement
“ His speech was great , ” recalled Unique Payne , 17 , a senior who said she voted for Garcia .
“ I did it because I support the gay community , ” she said .
Although many students were supportive of Garcia ’s run , others were upset and did n’t understand why Garcia chose to run for prom queen .
“ I ’m not really happy about that .
He should ’ve run for prom king , ” said 17 - year - old senior Juan Espinoza .
Espinoza said he has nothing against Garcia but believes many students voted for him as a joke so they could see the prom king dance with another guy on prom night .
Advertisement
One member of the prom court also said she did n’t think it was right for a male student to take the crown .
Garcia , who lives in Mid-City and is an aspiring choreographer and hairdresser , said he did n’t plan on running for prom queen until notices were posted around school .
The qualifications did n’t include gender , and he said running for king did n’t quite feel right .
“ I did n’t really know if the school approved .
I thought ‘ Why ca n’t I do it ? ’ ” Garcia said .
“ I see myself as a boy with a different personality .
. . .
I do n’t wish to be a girl ; I just wish to be myself , ” he said .
Some teachers and students were encouraging , others told him not to “ stir things up , ” he said .
But his close friends continued to support him , and after his speech , the campus community seemed to be coming around to the idea .
Advertisement
Fairfax High , which is near West Hollywood at the intersection of Melrose and Fairfax avenues , has often been at the forefront of the gay rights struggle .
It has a Gay - Straight Alliance student group on campus , and Project 10 , an on - site support program for gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgender youth , was started there in 1984 after a social worker wanted to help a gay student who was being harassed by his peers .
The program has since been expanded to encompass the entire Los Angeles Unified School District .
Project 10 ’s founder , Virginia Uribe , said she was encouraged by news of Garcia ’s crowning .
She said that in the last two years , there have been similar elections to prom and homecoming courts in high schools and colleges around the nation .
“ I think that indicates where our society is right now .
That the young people , they are not involved in this whole argument about gay rights .
They think this whole fight is silly .
They just accept people for who they are , ” Uribe said .
“ Gender - bending is just kind of in , ” she said .
--
Advertisement
ari.bloomekatz@latimes.com
* WHO changes name of new virus strain from swine flu
A worker wears a mask as she talks on a walkie - talkie at Santiago 's international airport April 27 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Ivan Alvarado
* Now referred to as influenza A
* Meat industry had objected to pig link
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - The World Health Organization ( WHO ) , bowing to pressure from meat industry producers and concerned governments , said on Thursday it would refer to a deadly new virus strain as influenza A ( H1N1 ) , not swine flu .
“ From today , WHO will refer to the new influenza virus as ‘ influenza A ( H1N1 ) ’ , ” it said on its www.who.int/en/ website .
The new strain has infected 257 people .
The WHO has confirmed eight deaths although many more people are suspected to have died from the virus .
It derives from a swine influenza virus but the new strain has been found only in people .
While it contains mostly swine flu genetic sequences , it also contains small amounts of human and bird flu virus genetic material .
No pigs have been confirmed to be sick with it .
WHO has consistently said the disease cannot be caught from eating pork if it is prepared properly .
“ There is also no risk of infection from this virus from consumption of well - cooked pork and pork products , ” it said on its website on Thursday .
The name of the flu led several countries to ban imports of pork from Mexico and the United States , where the outbreak first appeared , and authorities in Egypt have ordered a cull of pigs .
U.S. and European food industries and governments had been calling for a change in name to remove the link in people ’s minds between the disease and pigs .
The “ influenza A ( H1N1 ) ” designation refers to a family of flu strains , including one of the current seasonal strains and the strain that caused the 1918 influenza pandemic that killed an estimated 40 million people or more .
( For more Reuters stories on swine flu , click on [ nFLU ] )
( For more Reuters swine flu coverage , please click here :
here )
( For WHO information on swine flu , go to :
here )
Obama to Turkey :
We are not a Christian or Jewish or Muslim nation David Edwards
Published : Monday April 6 , 2009
Print This Email This President Obama told reporters in Turkey that America is not defined by any one religion .
" I 've said before that one of the great strengths of the United States is , although as I mentioned we have a very large Christian population , we do not consider ourselves a Christian nation or a Jewish nation or a Muslim nation .
We consider ourselves a nation of citizens who are bound by ideals and a set of values , " said the president .
Also on Monday , the Associated Press reports , " Obama , making his first visit to a Muslim nation as president , declared Monday the United States ' is not at war with Islam ' and called for a greater partnership with the Islamic world . "
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Apr. 6 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Obama : US not at war with Islam
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast Apr. 6 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Are you overwhelmed and frustrated just thinking about the process of buying or selling your home ?
Imagine what it will be like once you start .
There are so many steps to take , hoops to jump through , confusing language to make sense of ( and agree to ! ) , and all of it just leaves you exhausted and wishing it was over .
On top of that , your most valuable resources of time and money are dwindling fast .
It does n't have to be this way .
We believe that buying your next home or selling your current one should n’t be as difficult as what many people experience – we 're here to make sure that 's the case for you .
Let 's enter progressive rock with old computers and computer hardware .
This is the famous Bohemian Rhapsody played by chips and printers .
The sound is so original moldy and fits perfectly the music experience !
The YouTube liner - notes :
Atari 800XL was used for the lead piano / organ sound , Texas Instruments TI - 99 / 4a as lead guitar , 8 Inch Floppy Disk as Bass , 3.5 inch Harddrive as the gong , HP ScanJet 3C was used for all vocals .
Please note I had to record the HP scanner 4 seperate times for each voice .
I wanted to buy 4 HP scanners but for some reason sellers on E - Bay expect you to pay $ 80 - $ 100 , I got mine for $ 30 .
( CNN ) --
A major United States military post is shutting down for three days following a rash of suicides , the post announced .
Troops from Fort Campbell , Kentucky , depart for the Persian Gulf in 2003 .
Fort Campbell , home of the Army 's 101st Airborne Division , is holding a three - day " suicide stand - down training event " starting Wednesday -- the second one it has held this year , a post spokeswoman told CNN .
At least 11 deaths of Fort Campbell soldiers this year are confirmed or suspected suicides , spokeswoman Kelly Tyler said .
That 's out of 64 confirmed or suspected suicides in the entire Army , according to official statistics .
At that rate , the Army is on pace for a record number of suicides this year .
The post commander , Brig .
Gen. Stephen Townsend , addressed all 19,000 soldiers of the 101st Airborne Division on Wednesday , Tyler said .
" His intent was to be able to look them in the eye and make them aware that everyone cares about the issue , and make sure they know -- corporal to general -- what help is available , " she said .
" To make sure that people know we want them to keep living . "
Soldiers often refuse to admit they are having problems because of the culture of the military , she said .
" You still have the stigma in the Army of asking for help -- it 's an institution of strength and honor .
And they need to understand that there is strength and honor in asking for help , " Tyler said .
" It 's easy to lose focus of that .
We are a nation at war , an army at war .
The guys around you need you to be there .
They need you to ask for help , or for them to ask for help if you can 't . "
Fort Campbell 's commanders are trying to impress upon the troops that this is more than a mandatory exercise .
" It is such an unusual event to look them in the eye and say their life matters , their buddy 's life matters , " Tyler said .
" We 're not checking a box , not punching a ticket .
This is an effort to let the soldiers know that the command cares . "
Military suicides are among the top worries for a leading veterans ' group .
" This is a grave concern for our organization , " said Ryan Gallucci , a spokesman for AmVets .
Combat stress manifests itself in different ways , he said , citing the case of a U.S. soldier charged with killing five of his comrades at a mental - health clinic in Iraq earlier this month .
" The incident in Baghdad brought a lot of attention to combat stress , but this is the other side of the coin , " he said .
He agreed that the military 's emphasis on personal toughness makes it harder for soldiers to ask for help when they need it .
" Mental strength is a necessary character trait in combat .
To suddenly say it 's OK to admit you have a problem contradicts your training , " he said .
But he said the Army needs to do more to prevent suicide .
" The military has certainly done a better job of identifying it , but you see the numbers -- the numbers speak for themselves , " he said .
A record number of soldiers committed suicide last year -- at least 133 , the Army said .
That was up from at least 115 in 2007 , which was itself a record since the Pentagon began keeping statistics on suicide in 1980 .
The statistics cover active - duty soldiers and activated National Guard and reserves .
View a chart of Army suicides »
More soldiers killed themselves in January of this year than died in battle , Army statistics suggest .
Suicides for Marines were also up in 2008 .
There were 41 in 2008 , up from 33 in 2007 and 25 in 2006 , according to a Marine Corps report .
Gen. Peter W. Chiarelli , vice chief of staff of the Army , expressed concern about the suicide rate in March testimony before the Senate Armed Services Military Personnel Subcommittee .
He cited long deployments , lengthy separations from family and the perceived stigma associated with seeking help as factors contributing to the suicides .
" We must find ways to relieve some of this stress , " Chiarelli said .
Fort Campbell is on both sides of the Kentucky - Tennessee state line , southeast of Paducah , Kentucky .
CNN 's Adam Levine and Mike Mount contributed to this report .
All About Fort Campbell • U.S. Army Activities • Suicide
HASP
The High - Assurance Systems Programming ( HASP ) project at Portland State University ( a joint project with Galois , Inc. ) is an ongoing research project that began in 2008 .
HASP has the following three major research goals :
Designing and implementing a new functional language , called Habit , for systems programming .
( headed by : Mark Jones )
A preliminary version of the Habit programming language report , most recently updated in November 2010 , is available .
Designing and implementing a high - assurance run-time system .
( headed by : Andrew Tolmach )
Developing tools and techniques for formal reasoning about each of these and about their interconnection .
( headed by : James Hook )
HASP Information
Recent Publications
Experience Report : Using Hackage to Inform Language Design .
J. Garrett Morris .
Proceedings of the 3rd ACM SIGPLAN Symposium on Haskell ( Haskell ' 10 ) , Baltimore , Maryland , USA , September , 2010 .
Instance Chains : Type Class Programming Without Overlapping Instances .
J. Garrett Morris and Mark P. Jones .
Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming ( ICFP ' 10 ) , Baltimore , Maryland , USA , September , 2010 .
A Certified Framework for Compiling and Executing Garbage - Collected Languages .
Andrew McCreight , Tim Chevalier , and Andrew Tolmach .
Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGPLAN International Conference on Functional Programming ( ICFP ' 10 ) , Baltimore , Maryland , USA , September , 2010 .
A New Foundation for Nominal Isabelle .
Brian Huffman and Christian Urban .
Proceedings of the 1st International Conference on Interactive Theorem Proving ( ITP ' 10 ) , Edinburgh , UK , July 2010 .
Verifying Separation for a Monadic Scheduler .
Tom Harke .
In Proceedings of the 2009 CALCO Young Researchers Workshop ( CALCO - jnr ' 09 ) , Udine , Italy , September , 2009 .
A Purely Definitional Universal Domain .
Brian Huffman .
In Proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on Theorem Proving in Higher Order Logics ( TPHOLS '09 ) , Munich , Germany , August , 2009 .
Practical Tactics for Separation Logic .
Andrew McCreight .
In Proceedings of the 22nd International Conference on Theorem Proving in Higher Order Logics ( TPHOLS '09 ) , Munich , Germany , August , 2009 .
( associated Coq development )
Reasoning with Powerdomains in Isabelle / HOLCF .
Brian Huffman .
In Proceedings of the 21st International Conference on Theorem Proving in Higher Order Logics ( TPHOLS '08 ) ( Emerging Trends ) , Montreal , Quebec , Canada , August , 2008 .
Language and Program Design for Functional Dependencies .
Mark P. Jones and Iavor Diatchki .
In Proceedings of the ACM Haskell Symposium ( Haskell ' 08 ) , Victoria , British Columbia , Canada , September 25 , 2008 .
Prospective Members
We have openings for PhD students in 2011 and 2012 .
If you are interested in Haskell , functional programming , programming language theory , and / or systems programming , then consider applying to Portland State 's doctoral program in computer science and working with our group .
For more information , contact James Hook .
You need not wait until you are admitted before contacting us : in particular , we may have funding available for potential students to visit PSU at any time .
Past work
Look at the faces of these lions !!
Kevin give a kiss ..
.. and the lion gives it back !
even Hyenas love the snuggle !
Among Kevin 's friends it could n't lack a black panther
Look at the incredible picture here above ... what 's the first thing that come to your mind ?
For me the first was " hey ... look at their expressions thay just seem like a couple that has been found cuddling and now they 're feeling a mixture of bothered and embarrassed " and the second was " Woa .. look at the head of that lion it's HUGE ! " .
Whatever has come to your mind it seems quite clear that the guy in the water is doing something that 's quite unusual ... taking dip with a 185 kg lioness !
However for the guy in these pictures this is just normal and the big cat is just a close friend of him :
Meg the lioness !
The man name is Kevin Richardson , 34 , zoologist and animal behaviourist , often nicknamed " The Lion Whisperer " is known for is unusual ( but indeed succesful ) way to raise and interact with some of the most dangerous animals on earth , above all lions and hyenas With his unusual methods , Kevin has developed some exceptionally personal bonds with his students , playing , sleeping and even swimming with animals .
Meg and her sister
Amy are among his closest friends .
In these picture Kevin and Meg , the huge lioness are playfully splashing for pure fun in the Crocodile River , in " The Kingdom Of The White Lion " , a 650 - hectare area near Johannesburg , South Africa he Kingdom Of The White Lion help to fund predator research in Botswana and are actively involved in creating awareness around the globe .
These pictures are truly wonderful but maybe looking at the following video of the bath it 's the best way to understand how strong is the bond between Kevin and this lioness .
Take a look , it 's awesome :
If you are intrigued by Kevin Richardson , here are some other pctures of him during his favourite activities : playing with huge carnivores I WOULDN'T FEEL COMFORTABLE AT ALL IN THIS GAME !!!
If you search YouTube you 'll find a lot of amazing video about Kevin Richardson and his unusual friends ... here are a couple of them :
A T - shirt has become one of the most popular items sold by online retailer Amazon in the past few weeks .
Sales of the kitsch Three Wolf Moon T - shirt shot up 2,300 % after a spate of ironic reviews went viral .
The first review gave the shirt five stars , saying it " Fits my girthy frame , has wolves on it , attracts women " but " cannot see wolves with arms crossed " .
That prompted hundreds of others to post frivolous reviews , turning the page into an internet phenomenon .
" When I put this T - shirt on for the first time , my wife left me !
Thank you , Three Wolf Moon T - Shirt , " wrote one wag , while another said that " the Three Wolf Moon T - Shirt gave me a +10 resistance to energy attacks , +8 Strength ... and I have successfully solved 7 crimes in my city " .
Amazon 's senior manager of community content , Russell Dicker , said the T - shirt was currently the top selling item in their clothing store .
" The Three Wolf Moon T - Shirt recently moved up 2,300 % in sales rank , " he said .
" We are grateful that our reviewers are so passionate .
" Publicity shyHowever , the firm which actually makes the T - shirt appeared less than pleased at some of the comments .
" The Mountain is a wholesale company and does not sell shirts on Amazon , so this viral assault went under our radar until the shirt made it into the top 10 in the Amazon apparel section , " they said in a posting on the Amazon site .
" We appreciate humour as much as the next company , but we do n't approve of some of the remarks .
"
Not everyone can start out at the top and not everyone from our neck of the woods lives in a trailer or cruises Walmart to hook up .
" However , speaking on Radio Five Live , the firms art director - Michael McGloin - said the firm were actually rather pleased with the publicity .
"
We 'll take ironic fashion any day .... and we 're printing another 400,000 more t- shirts ... it's just a fantastic thing , " he said .
This is not the first time comedy reviews on Amazon have gone viral .
In 2006 , there were more than a thousand reviews for Tuscan Whole Milk .
They ranged from soap opera - style script - " That was when I knew .
He was tired of this life with me , tired of bringing home the Tuscan Whole Milk , 1 Gallon , 128 fl oz " - to stating the obvious : " Has anyone else tried pouring this stuff over dry cereal ?
A - W - E - S - O-M-E ! "
Through my career I 've worked as both a software engineer and user experience designer
I 've gotten to work with some great companies
Two men accused of illegally killing sharks in Western Australia 's Kimberley region have been committed to stand trial in Broome later this year .
Baden Lloyd - Smith and Leon Bin Omar have been charged under the Fisheries Act with taking a protected species .
The Department of Fisheries alleges the sharks were killed for their fins and dumped on 80 Mile Beach early in 2008 .
The two men have had their fishing licences revoked and will stand trial on July 21 .
Erik Weihenmayer wears sunglasses often .
He was wearing them to protect his eyes when he reached the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro in 1997 .
He had them on when he completed the 2003 Primal Quest , the world 's toughest multi-sport adventure race .
And , he put on a pair during a recent visit to the National Eye Institute ( NEI ) .
But this last set is no ordinary pair of Oakley sunglasses .
Weihenmayer looks through them , peering down at a white note card on a table .
He silently moves his head back and forth , up and down .
After a few moments , he says , " Is that a 12 ? " Richard Hogle , sitting next to him , nods his head .
" Yep , " he confirms , " and you were still well zoomed out . "
The sunglasses are wirelessly connected to Hogle 's laptop , so he can monitor Weihenmayer 's view .
" I 'm amazed , " Hogle comments .
Weihenmayer laughs .
" How could I make money off this device ? " he asks .
" Doing some kind of card trick at a party ... I could really freak people out !
" He is one of only 40 people ever to use this specially outfitted type of sunglasses , but all have one thing in common : they 're blind .
Erik Weihenmayer tests the third - generation BrainPort device .
The sunglasses are part of a breakthrough vision device known as BrainPort , under development by the NEI - supported researchers of Wicab , Inc. , for which Hogle serves as director of product development .
BrainPort is built on the concept of sensory substitution , which means that when one sense malfunctions , another sense can compensate , serving as a stand - in .
" Even a blind person walking down the street with a cane is basically using a form of sensory substitution , " says Michael D. Oberdorfer , Ph.D. , of the NEI extramural research program .
With BrainPort , the tongue ultimately replaces the eyes in transmitting visual input to the brain .
But first , a small video camera on the nose bridge of the sunglasses acts as " eyes " to gather visual information .
The images are transmitted in black , gray and white to a handheld computer , slightly larger than an iPod , which translates the visual information into electrical signals .
Next , these signals are transformed into gentle electrical impulses that end up on the tongue when BrainPort users place a lollipop - sized electrode array in their mouths .
The white portions of images become strong impulses , the gray become medium impulses , and the black result in no impulses .
The tongue sends these impulses to the brain , where they are interpreted as sensory information that substitutes for vision .
This process works in much the same way that the optic nerve in the eye transmits visual information to the brain .
Thus , this device supports the idea that we may not need our eyes to maintain our " vision . "
As BrainPort inventor Paul Bach-y - Rita , M.D. , was known to say : " We do n't see with our eyes , we see with our brain .
" When Weihenmayer was a toddler , his parents took him to an ophthalmologist after noticing that he had abnormal eye movements .
Doctors ruled it a temporary condition , but a year of additional testing revealed that he had retinoschisis , a genetic disease in which small cysts grow within the delicate retinal tissue in the back of the eye .
In time , the layers of Weihenmayer 's retina would begin to split apart .
By his teenage years , doctors warned , he would go blind .
To this day , no treatment or cure exists for retinoschisis .
In Weihenmayer 's case , doctors recommended that he avoid contact sports , as a blow to his head could lead to earlier blindness .
" What was I going to do , live in a bubble ? "
Weihenmayer asks .
" You can 't .
Even at that age I knew , if I 'm going to go blind a year earlier , I 'm still going to live my life .
" Like a typical boy , he wrestled and played football .
By the time he was 8 , however , he had trouble following the action during basketball games .
His parents would yell , " ball change , " when a pass was made , and Weihenmayer could track his position on the floor only by following the painted lines .
Even so , he says he did n't notice he was different until other kids did simple tasks that eluded him .
" That was frustrating and sometimes lonely , especially being a boy in gym class , " he says .
Still , his father , Ed , remembers , " Erik was fighting to stay in the sighted world up to a point . "
He put off using a cane and learning Braille until he could n't function without them .
But soon he learned that with them , he could finally participate in class and interact with friends more easily .
"
The very things that he thought were going to separate him by making him different actually kept him closer , " Ed Weihenmayer says .
There was no dramatic moment when Erik Weihenmayer realized he was blind .
Some days he woke up in darkness , but could see by the afternoon .
Eventually when he became a teenager , however , he realized that the light would never turn back on .
" My brain had to adjust [ to going blind ] , and that was much more difficult than actually going blind , " he says .
His family had to adjust as well .
" There was n't anything that we could do about the blindness , " Ed Weihenmayer says .
" What we could do is embrace the challenge with him as a new adventure .
His problem led to more curiosity , more innovation and more fulfillment for everyone around him .
" As a teenager , Weihenmayer enrolled in rock climbing classes through a school for the blind .
" I thought [ rock climbing ] was an awesome sport for a blind person , " he says .
" Maneuvering myself up the rock face was unbelievably engaging .
" As an adult , he transitioned from a once - a - year climber to a " weekend warrior " who soon became the only blind person to summit the highest peak on every continent .
Though he can't see the vistas at the top , Weihenmayer says he still appreciates the scenery .
" The crunch of the ice under my feet or hands , the pattern within the rock that I 'm connecting with ...
It 's all my body in relationship to the rock face or the mountain , " he explains .
And when he reaches the top ?
" I can hear space .
" When Ed Weihenmayer learned that his son would go blind , he says that one thought kept passing through his mind : " Let me please learn how to help him so that he can live a life that is meaningful to him .
"
It was Ed who read a newspaper article about BrainPort in the early 2000s and contacted Bach -y - Rita to ask if Erik could test the device .
Bach -y - Rita had thought of the concept for BrainPort nearly 40 years earlier , around the time Erik Weihenmayer was born .
His first sensory substitution device consisted of a chair with pins that popped out in shapes against a person 's back .
Much like the guessing game in which one person draws words on another 's back , the person in the chair could feel and identify the shape through touch instead of sight .
Bach -y - Rita , who received his first NEI research grant in 1993 , later found that the fingertips were even more sensitive to touch than the back .
But in trying to create an electrical device , he realized that fingertips lack a moist environment to conduct a charge , and layers of dead skin prevent vibrations from having a strong impact .
However , the tongue , which is exquisitely sensitive to touch , circumvented both of these problems .
Aimee Arnoldussen , Ph.D. , worked with Bach-y - Rita to develop BrainPort until the inventor passed away in 2006 .
Though the device does give users visual input , she cautions that it does not allow them to " magically see the way you see with your eyes . "
" It 's much more akin to a language in that you develop a skill , " says Arnoldussen , a neuroscientist and current leader of the research .
After five minutes with BrainPort , users can learn to operate the device , she explains .
Within an hour , they can identify the location and size of small objects .
In a few more hours , larger objects and an obstacle course may become visible .
Weihenmayer vividly remembers his first experience with BrainPort .
He tested an early prototype , a bulky device hooked to a desktop computer that relied on a webcam for visual input .
He says he could feel the electrical impulses move along his tongue as a ball rolled across the floor in front of him .
"
It took just five minutes before I was reaching out and grabbing it , " he says .
" I just thought it was so cool how my brain caught on to what I was feeling with my tongue .
" Next , BrainPort researchers went to his home in Colorado to test the second - generation device , one that had three cameras for different fields of view and more electrodes to create a better image resolution .
Over several hours , Weihenmayer played tic - tac - toe with his daughter , built a snowman , and scaled a rock wall at his local gym .
" I started learning how to climb like a sighted person , " he remembers .
To date , no one , including Weihenmayer , has used BrainPort for more than 10 hours total .
In the near future , Wicab researchers plan to apply for device approval from the Food and Drug Administration , so the general public could gain access to the device , in addition to those who have been testing it in clinics .
"
We want to get this device into the hands of as many people as possible because that 's the way that we 'll be able to develop the technology and optimize it for the most possible blind [ people ] , " says Robert A. Beckman , president and CEO of Wicab , Inc. Back in the room with Hogle , Weihenmayer finishes testing the third - generation BrainPort , which allows users to select custom - designed image modes for use indoors , outdoors and while reading .
Hogle repacks the device into its lunchbox - sized case , which is smaller than the entire first - generation version .
"
You can take it with you , " Hogle says .
And with that , Weihenmayer will become the first blind person to take BrainPort home and use it on his own , as part of Wicab 's latest clinical testing of the device .
Weihenmayer says he hopes to try the device on the ski slopes someday soon , but as he has already adapted to living as a blind person , the device wo n't be a life - changing element .
"
It 's not like I 'm sitting in suspended animation , waiting for some new technology that 's going to bring my life back , " he says .
Still , Beckman reminds people that the device was primarily created for users to perform everyday tasks that may seem simple to the sighted , such as reading street signs and searching for empty seats on a bus .
BrainPort is not meant to replace the cane or guide dog for the blind , but to add " an additional bit of information to make their lives a little bit easier and a little safer , " he says .
However , even the world 's most famous blind adventure athlete , and father of two , has something modest in mind when he returns home with the device .
After he switches the BrainPort to 8 - year - old Emma 's " Dora the Explorer " lunchbox for fashion purposes , Weihenmayer says he 'll take a trip to a prestigious art museum - - located in his basement -- where he 'll " have the kids draw pictures for me to see . "
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
The Seychelles , the idyllic archipelago in the Indian Ocean off the coast of Africa , is best known as an island paradise playground for celebrities , royalty and the ultra - wealthy .
These days , it 's better known for something else : bankruptcy .
The tiny country 's debt burden may be tiny compared to Iceland , which needed a $ 2.1 billion bailout from the International Monetary Fund last fall , but the Seychelles ' problems illustrate the degree to which the global economic crisis has leveled some economies altogether .
And because of its small size , with just 87,000 people , the Seychelles now has the unenviable stature of being perhaps the most indebted country in the world .
Public and private debt totals $ 800 million - roughly the size of the country 's entire economy .
Last year , as tourism and fishing revenue began slowing , the Seychelles defaulted on a $ 230 million , euro - denominated bond that had been arranged by Lehman Brothers before its own bankruptcy .
The IMF came in in November with a two - year , $ 26 million rescue package , and the country has since taken a series of emergency steps :
It laid off 12.5 % of government workers ( 1,800 people ) , floated its currency ( the Seychelles rupee , which has fallen from eight to the U.S. dollar to 16 , effectively doubling the prices of imports ) , lifted foreign exchange controls and agreed to sell state assets .
The IMF has given a thumbs - up to the initial progress , but it warned that the economy would contract 9.5 % this year .
The government of Australia is sending tax experts to help overhaul the revenue collection system and audit local companies .
Now the Seychelles is negotiating with the governments of Britain , France and other Western countries including the U.S. - the so - called Paris Club - to reschedule $ 250 million in debt it owes them .
It is asking for 50 % of it to be forgiven - a rate it hopes its commercial creditors will then apply to its remaining $ 550 million outstanding .
" We borrowed more than we can repay , " complains Ralph Volcere , the editor of Le Nouveau Seychelles Weekly and a vocal government critic .
" This was wholly irresponsible . "
Heavily reliant on tourism , the Seychelles is desperately searching for ways to raise capital - at a time when tourism is forecast to drop precipitously this year .
In early March , Seychelles Vice President Joseph Belmont told a meeting of local tourism industry business owners that the country has already seen a drop of 15 % in visitor arrivals from the start of 2009 ; tourism revenue for the year , he said , could drop by some 25 % more as a result of the global recession .
Seychelles officials have another idea though : to promote the country 's longstanding virtue of being an off - shore business haven , with no corporate tax , no minimum capital requirements , only one shareholder or director required , and an annual licensing fee of just $ 100 .
It also hopes to grow revenue from fishing licenses in its territorial waters , and on March 26 it will present a proposal to the United Nations to expand its exclusive rights to the surrounding seabed , potentially increasing prospects of revenue from underwater minerals , oil and gas .
And hopes for expanding tourism remain high .
In addition to the usual roster of luxury - seeking royals and high - spending celebs , the middle - tier traveler is now being heartily courted , too .
The government in early March announced an " Affordable Seychelles " campaign - what would have until recently been an oxymoron - with the motto : " Once - in - a - lifetime vacation at a once - in - a - lifetime price , " based on lower prices caused by the halving in value of the currency .
Most hotels and meals in restaurants frequented by foreigners , however , remain priced in euros - like the new Four Seasons Seychelles , which opened its five - star resort , more than two years in the works , in February .
Rates start at 1,000 euros ( $ 1,345 ) per night , although current packages include stay - an - extra - day offers .
Free - standing , multi-room houses with private swimming pools , billed as " Presidential " and " Royal " suites , are also available ( from 4,500 euros , or $ 6,055 ) .
The company claims it 's seeing interest from travelers : " We have extremely strong demand ; a lot of people are calling and asking for information , " says General Manager Markus Iseli , surveying the property of 67 private , luxury villas perched on a hillside overlooking a stunning powdery - sand beach .
But while normal luxury hotel occupancy averages 70 - to - 75 % , he says he expects perhaps 30 - to - 35 % occupancy this year .
" That 's still good in a recession , " Iseli says .
" When you look around the world , everybody is suffering . "
A lump of flint that challenged creationist history and was dubbed by an eminent archaeologist " the stone that shattered the time barrier " has been tracked down after 150 years in the vast stores of the Natural History Museum in London .
On 26 May 1859 , six months before Charles Darwin shattered the biblical creation story when he finally plucked up the courage to publish his theory of natural selection , the stone hand axe from the bottom of a French quarry was presented to the world at a lecture at the Royal Society in London .
Neither John Evans nor Joseph Prestwich , the businessmen and amateur archaeologist and geologist who found it , nor their distinguished audience , could guess its true age , around 400,000 years .
But they did know it came from " a very remote period " , when the woolly mammoth and rhinos , whose bones were mixed up in the same layer , roamed the plains of northern France .
There was no way the mammoths and the man-made tool could be fitted into the traditional biblical timescale , calculated by the 17th - century Archbishop Ussher , that God made the world in 4004BC .
The axe then vanished for 150 years , until it was tracked down by another archaeologist and geologist team – Clive Gamble , a professor at Royal Holloway , and Robert Kruszynski of the Natural History Museum – who publish their quest in next month 's Antiquity journal .
They hunted it through thousands of prehistoric stone tools in national collections .
They tried the collections of the Society of Antiquaries , where the axe was last seen in public at a second lecture in June 1859 .
Kruszynski found it at the South Kensington museum , with a minute Victorian label recording the date and quarry where it was found at St Acheul outside Amiens .
A photograph showed the quarrymen who uncovered the axe , one pointing to it still half - buried in gravel .
Gamble and Kruszynski will take their trophy to the Society of Antiquaries next month to mark the anniversary of the May lecture at the Royal Society .
Click above to watch video after the jump
The music video has evolved from a low budget way to promote record sales to multi-million dollar budget busters with stunt doubles and special effects .
A band called MUTEMATH is out to change all that , as the alternative rock band shot one of its latest video in a Ford Econoline .
We 're not talking about a set that 's made to look like a cargo van ; MUTEMATH actually shot their music video in the back of a moving van .
The entire video reportedly only took 12 minutes to shoot , and that time includes removing the Econoline 's heavy seats and adding two guitars , a drum set and four band members .
About half way through the 3:31 video , the band even removes all the equipment and adds a decent - sized piano .
If you 're a fan of the movie Twilight , you may recognize the song , as it's on the Vampire flick 's soundtrack .
Hit the jump to view the video for yourself , if only to see how much action can take place in an otherwise empty Ford Econoline .
As an added bonus , we kind of like the music , as well .
[ Source : YouTube
Conri ...
Join Date : Dec 2005
Quote : rpgman1 Originally Posted by Nope .
My local ISP was sniffed out by BayTSP on behalf of Media Factory .
It was traced to a fansubbed episode .
Probably have to watch the series later .
With good subs hard to find and downloads unsafe , it kind of kills desire to spend much time and money on the show .
I never buy merchandise blind and only very rarely with DVDs .
I got the same type of e-mail message yesterday for downloading a raw Queen 's Blade episode .
ISP is Cox .
Did n't even watch it , hardly seeded it , and the only reason I downloaded it was because I got tired of waiting for a " decent " group to sub ... not that I could n't have gotten the notice for that as well .
I 'd rather not get my internet suspended over a show I barely know .
With good subs hard to find and downloads unsafe , it kind of kills desire to spend much time and money on the show .
I never buy merchandise blind and only very rarely with DVDs .
In a Thursday blog entry , manga creator and character designer Yoshitoshi ABe ( Serial Experiments Lain , Haibane Renmei ) confirmed reports from last month 's Sakura - Con 2009 event that he is developing a new anime with many of the staffers of the Lain anime , but made a clarification on the title .
The correct title for the project is Despera ( ですぺら ) , which is derived from the shortened version of the term " desperado . "
He acknowledged that he was speaking fast at the event in Seattle , so his words may have come across jumbled .
He also confirmed , to his knowledge , that the official announcement on the project will be coming soon .
Thank you to ChancellorOfTheExchequer and Diego Coruña for the news tip .
Early Wednesday afternoon , as space shuttle Atlantis closed in on the Hubble Space Telescope , both spacecraft were captured while zipping across the face of the sun by photographer Thierry Legault in Florida .
Hubble and Atlantis , 350 miles ( 560 kilometers ) above Earth , are just visible in his photograph passing by the lower left quarter of the sun .
( Click here to see a cropped enlargement in which the shape of the shuttle is clearly distinguishable against the backdrop of the sun . )
Less than an hour after this snapshot was taken , the Atlantis crew had successfully nabbed Hubble with the shuttle 's robotic arm to secure it for the mission 's five servicing spacewalks , now under way .
More Terminal Shortcuts -
More shortcuts for history and X
Terminal Shortcuts -
Cheat sheet for the most common terminal shortcuts
Unix Tool Box -
An incredibly exhaustive reference for all things Linux .
One page Linux Manual - Great one page reference to the most popular Linux commands
Linux Security Quick Reference Guide -
An awesome security checklist reference
IP Tables -
If you are interested in Linux firewalls this is a must have
TCPDump - Great cheat sheet to an awesome security tool
Wireshark Filters -
An awesome list of filters for the best packet sniffing utility
IP Access Lists - Cheat sheet for IP Access Lists
Common Ports -
In case you do n’t have all common ports memorized
Harley - Davidson Nightster - Click above for a high - res image gallery
Keith Wandell has been named Harley - Davidson 's new President and CEO , taking the place of James Ziemer .
Wendell joins
The Motor Company by way of fellow Milwaukee - based automotive supplier Johnson Controls , where he 'll remain in his current role as President and COO until the end of April .
Financial news institutions seem generally pleased with the appointment , which is good since H - D's currently experiencing some of the
Also starting on May
Keith Wandell has been named Harley - Davidson 's new President and CEO , taking the place of James Ziemer .
Wendell joins
The Motor Company by way of fellow Milwaukee - based automotive supplier Johnson Controls , where he 'll remain in his current role as President and COO until the end of April .
Financial news institutions seem generally pleased with the appointment , which is good since H - D's currently experiencing some of the worst market conditions in its 106 - year history .
Somewhat shockingly , Wandell does not currently own a motorcycle , a fact we 're certain will be quickly rectified .
Also starting on May 1 will be Enrico D'Onofrio , who will take the reigns at MV Agusta , the Italian motorcycle maker that was recently purchased by Harley - Davidson .
D'Onofrio had previously held the role of CFO at cross - town rival Ducati – which definitely sounds promising – and will take over for Matthew Levatich , who will now serve as COO at H - D. Quite the management shake - up , no ?
Mind - numbingly boring press release after the break .
PRESS RELEASE :
Harley - Davidson , Inc. names Keith E. Wandell President and CEO - Company unveils broader organizational leadership changes
MILWAUKEE ( April 6 , 2009 ) - Harley - Davidson Inc. ( NYSE :HOG ) has named Keith E. Wandell President and Chief Executive Officer , succeeding James L. Ziemer , who is retiring .
Wandell , 59 , currently serves as President and Chief Operating Officer of Milwaukee - based Johnson Controls , Inc. ( NYSE : JCI ) , a $ 38 billion global company .
Wandell , a 21 - year Johnson Controls veteran , starts his new duties at Harley - Davidson May 1 .
" Keith Wandell is a seasoned global business leader who brings tremendous energy , passion , and organizational and talent development capability to his job as Harley - Davidson 's new chief executive , " said Harley - Davidson , Inc. Board Member Barry K. Allen , who serves as the Board 's Presiding Director .
" His vision and values make him a great fit , and he is absolutely the right person to now lead Harley - Davidson on its exciting journey . "
Regarding his appointment , Wandell commented : " Harley - Davidson has a remarkable record of success and limitless possibilities .
I am honored and thrilled to join the Harley - Davidson family and to have this opportunity to help it fulfill dreams , create innovative market - leading products , and expand its opportunities worldwide . "
The Company also announced the following organizational leadership changes which , according to Allen , will also serve as a catalyst to drive Harley - Davidson 's strategies for growth , operational excellence and leadership development going forward :
Matthew S. Levatich becomes President and Chief Operating Officer of Harley - Davidson Motor Company .
Levatich , 44 , is currently President and Managing Director of MV Agusta , the Italian motorcycle maker that Harley - Davidson , Inc. acquired last August .
While at MV , Levatich spearheaded the restarting of MV 's operations .
In his 15 years at Harley - Davidson , Levatich has held positions of increasing responsibility in the U.S. and Europe , including Vice President and General Manager of the Company 's Parts and Accessories business , andVice President of Materials Management .
James A. McCaslin moves to Executive Vice President for Corporate Product Planning , reporting to the CEO .
In this newly created position , McCaslin has broad oversight of motorcycle product planning and development processes across Harley - Davidson , Inc. McCaslin , 60 , has served as President of the Motor Company for the past eight years .
Enrico D'Onofrio , 51 , assumes the post of Managing Director , MV Agusta .
D'Onofrio joined MV Agusta as Corporate General Director earlier in 2009 , overseeing all administrative functions including finance and human resources .
Previously he held senior management positions at motorcycle maker Ducati , including CFO , and at Proctor & Gamble in Europe .
All three appointments are also effective May 1 .
" The appointment of Matt Levatich to the senior leadership position at Harley - Davidson Motor Company recognizes his demonstrated abilities at relationship management and as a strategic thinker and problem solver on the operations side of the business .
He will be a strong leader in his expanded role , " said Allen .
" Matt 's predecessor , Jim McCaslin , has done an outstanding job of leading the Motor Company 's operations .
His unique talents , passion for products and operational excellence , and market knowledge will now be a great asset to drive the organization forward in the critical area of product planning and development .
And we also look forward to growth for MV Agusta , under Enrico 's leadership . "
" Harley - Davidson has a uniquely powerful brand , strong market leadership , and a richness of talented leaders and employees who know this business intimately .
Keith 's arrival and these other leadership changes make a powerful combination that will advance the great work going on all across the organization to attract new riders , grow our core rider base and expand internationally , " Allen said .
" On behalf of the entire Board of Directors , I also want to thank Jim Ziemer for his 40 years of service to Harley - Davidson and wish him well on his upcoming retirement .
All of us who have worked with Jim throughout the years have benefited from his leadership , his selfless commitment to the Company , and his contributions to making the brand one of the most admired and successful brands in the world , " said Allen .
Company Background
Harley - Davidson , Inc. is the parent company for the group of companies doing business as Harley - Davidson Motor Company ( HDMC ) , Buell Motorcycle Company ( Buell ) , MV Agusta and Harley - Davidson Financial Services ( HDFS ) .
Harley - Davidson Motor Company produces heavyweight custom , touring and cruiser motorcycles .
Buell produces American sport performance motorcycles .
MV Agusta produces premium , high - performance sport motorcycles sold under the MV Agusta® brand and lightweight sport motorcycles sold under the Cagiva® brand .
HDFS provides wholesale and retail financing and insurance programs primarily to Harley - Davidson and Buell dealers and customers .
From Tiexue :
Hehe , a friend from Shenzhen came back from a business trip , took out a packet of cigarettes , and held it before me .
I habitually reached out to get a cigarette , but discovered that I could not pull out a cigarette , that the cigarette box was also not the right color , and why was the cigarette holder so hard ?
Could he have purchased fake cigarettes ?
My friend laughed deviously , turned over the cigarette holder , and I was immediately flipped over in shock …
This !!!
This is the rumored cigarette box mobile phone !!
In the past I had only seen pictures of it on the internet , and did not imagine I would today actually truly be fooled by it …* waterfall of sweat !
I will stop rambling , I took the phone , took pictures , and here are the pictures !!!
First look at the entire mobile phone .
Open the cover , and let you pull out a cigarette ???
Haha …
Flip it over , shocked ??
This was where I was fooled …
A close -up .
Open the mobile phone battery cover .
Remove the battery , look !
It even has a network license !
* Sweat !!
“ China Communication Equipment Limited Company ” , is n’t that niu !!?
Another “ China Communications Equipment Limited Company ” close - up .
Look at the text on the cigarette box .
Close - up after opening battery cover .
Look at the camera on the side , and it even says it supports mp3 , mp4 , it does not lack a single feature !!
Playing music , the volume is even louder than my notebook !!
Hehe !!
MTK ’s mobile phones are simply niu !
Indeed we must lament the vitality of black [ fake ] mobile phones and shanzhai mobile phones .
Do you know why ?
Because of the designer ’s creativity !
They surpasses the real mobile phones who “ stick to the rules ” too much , and are extremely rich in creative vitality !
This is the reason behind their vitality .
Only unfortunately , these black mobile phones and shanzhai mobile phones basically do not have any post - sale service .
These talented designers have buried by our “ rules ” and “ regulations ” .
Do you know what is lacking the most in the 21st century ? —
Human talent .
However , does China have very little human talent ? —
No , it actually has many .
So why do we still lack ?
Comments from Tiexue :
weeptree :
Too impressive … Shanzhai is awesome , with ideas and creativity …
一杠老枪 :
Wow , not bad , I also want one , where is it sold ?
Very shocking .
迷恋战争 :
First time seeing this !
~~~Why did they not use the Nanjing 9 - 5 Emperor cigarette box ??? ~~~
中国新鹰派 :
Hehe , Chinese people ’s imaginations are truly abundant , this is too talented .
If we could all think of a way to kill little Japan without getting blood on our face , it would feel even more satisfying .
九龙论剑 :
China ’s ideas and inspirations are all on these kind of things , just like in the past using gunpowder to make firecrackers , all wasted on things without a point .
天下至尊 :
China now has this many talented people , able to think of this many ideas .
If these were instead used on the development of national defense science and technology , then America , Japan , who would be our match ?
再见战争 :
It should be produced on a large scale , though the quality must be tested .
卧龙谷第一郎中 :
Make some more , resist Japanese products !
wangzhuangkuo :
Actually those shanzhai people all are pretty talented but only unable to be exploited !
Hopefully they can join together to set up a China shanzhai group so domestic products can carry on and expand !
小芦苇 :
It would be even better if they can make it look like the national flag , and the ring tone would be the national anthem , singing motherland , love my China , etc .
How interesting / amusing it would for all of us to walk on the streets , all carrying a small red flag as our phones Probably a lot of fenqing would like it , and gifting it to the older generation would also be pretty suitable .
Only I do not know if it is illegal ?
Comments from Mop :
上楼就左拐 :
Not bad , and what more , the space between the battery and external shell can actually hold 6 - 7 real cigarettes .
Pretty good .
zrq198913100 :
Amusing , the issue the lou zhu raised is also worth considering .
无与伦比·为杰沉沦 :
Powerful shanzhai … the moment they can make the quality good , they will be invincible …
musicleeli :
How can this be called shanzhai ?
This is innovation !
peng211217610 :
China even has designers with this level of talent ?
How uncommon .
aviwang :
I await the cao ni ma mobile phone .
致艾丽丝 :
Shanzhai is so strong , continue working hard , and create a mobile phone with even more appeal !!
阿啵呲嘚咯 :
Not bad , very creative …
I like …
But I definitely would not use it ..!
Too shocking ..
猫扑让我很快乐 :
China has many creative people , but unfortunately they have all been overlooked / buried .
Too bad , too bad .
rolldown :
Hehe , innovative ability everyone has , but indeed many times it has been neglected .
This is one of the important reasons why I browse Mop , because I have discovered here that innovation is developed thoroughly .
Shanzhai has become very popular in China because many people are just curious to see what how well / accurate anything can be copied .
Many shanzhai products also clearly promote that they are shanzhai .
Is this also a type of creativity or innovation ?
Scientists dump cold water on astrology Discovery News
The study adds to the growing body of evidence that there is no scientific basis for star signs , like Aries and Taurus , signs that are based on the place of the Sun in relation to someone 's date of birth .
But the researchers leave open the question as to whether other , more detailed and personal forms of astrology hold any validity .
" When considering the current scientific standing with respect to Sun signs , it becomes clear that there is little or no truth in [ them ] , " says Dr Peter Hartmann , who led the study in the May issue of the journal
" This does not necessarily mean that all astrology is without truth , but only that the independent effect of Sun signs is most likely to be irrelevant , " says Hartmann , a researcher in the Department of Psychology at Denmark's
" As for the weekly horoscope based on mere Sun signs , then according to the current scientific standing , there is probably more truth in the comic strips . "
Hartmann and his colleagues used computer analysis and statistical methods to study possible astrological connections between over 15,000 individuals .
Their test subjects came from two sources .
The first was the Vietnam Experience Study , which gathered information about intelligence , personality and date of birth for male military veterans .
The second was the 1979 National Longitudinal Study of Youth , which included intelligence and date of birth information for males and females aged between 15 and 24 years .
If connections existed over a rate of 5 % , they were considered valid and not the result of random links .
No link in Vietnam
The scientists could find no relationship between the time and date of a person 's birth and their personality traits , which the Vietnam study categorised using terms such as psychoticism , extraversion , neuroticism and social desirability .
The researchers , however , did determine that individuals from the Vietnam test who were born between the months of July and December were slightly more intelligent , by less than one IQ point , than those who were born between January to June .
That finding was reversed for the 1979 youth study .
In that case , people who were born January to June had the minute intellectual edge .
And in the real world ?
Hartmann says that although the information about intelligence passed the non-random restriction , he views the connection as irrelevant .
" Assuming that you could buy a pill that would increase your IQ with one point , but it would cost you $ 10,000 , would you do it ?
Probably not , but if you could buy a pill that would increase your IQ by 15 points that would be something else , simply because you get more value for your money , " he says .
" The essence here is that there is a difference in determining whether a result is significant , hence whether it is a true effect , or just random occurrence , and then whether this significant effect is relevant and of any interest . "
The Australian connection
Geoffrey Dean , a former astrologist based in Australia who researches the possible scientific validity of astrology , tracked over 2000 people who were born within minutes of each other .
The study , which spanned several decades , covered over 100 different characteristics , like marital status , IQ , anxiety and temperament was published in 2003 in the
Dean came to a similar conclusion as Hartmann and his team , that date of birth does not affect an individual 's personality .
One of the largest studies of the possible link between human traits and astrology has found little , if any , connection between the traditional Sun signs of the zodiac and people 's characteristics .
The study adds to the growing body of evidence that there is no scientific basis for star signs , like Aries and Taurus , signs that are based on the place of the Sun in relation to someone 's date of birth .
But the researchers leave open the question as to whether other , more detailed and personal forms of astrology hold any validity .
" When considering the current scientific standing with respect to Sun signs , it becomes clear that there is little or no truth in [ them ] , " says Dr Peter Hartmann , who led the study in the May issue of the journal Personality and Individual Differences " This does not necessarily mean that all astrology is without truth , but only that the independent effect of Sun signs is most likely to be irrelevant , " says Hartmann , a researcher in the Department of Psychology at Denmark 's University of Aarhus " As for the weekly horoscope based on mere Sun signs , then according to the current scientific standing , there is probably more truth in the comic strips .
" Hartmann and his colleagues used computer analysis and statistical methods to study possible astrological connections between over 15,000 individuals .
Their test subjects came from two sources .
The first was the Vietnam Experience Study , which gathered information about intelligence , personality and date of birth for male military veterans .
The second was the 1979 National Longitudinal Study of Youth , which included intelligence and date of birth information for males and females aged between 15 and 24 years .
If connections existed over a rate of 5 % , they were considered valid and not the result of random links .
The scientists could find no relationship between the time and date of a person 's birth and their personality traits , which the Vietnam study categorised using terms such as psychoticism , extraversion , neuroticism and social desirability .
The researchers , however , did determine that individuals from the Vietnam test who were born between the months of July and December were slightly more intelligent , by less than one IQ point , than those who were born between January to June .
That finding was reversed for the 1979 youth study .
In that case , people who were born January to June had the minute intellectual edge .
Hartmann says that although the information about intelligence passed the non-random restriction , he views the connection as irrelevant .
" Assuming that you could buy a pill that would increase your IQ with one point , but it would cost you $ 10,000 , would you do it ?
Probably not , but if you could buy a pill that would increase your IQ by 15 points that would be something else , simply because you get more value for your money , " he says .
" The essence here is that there is a difference in determining whether a result is significant , hence whether it is a true effect , or just random occurrence , and then whether this significant effect is relevant and of any interest .
" Geoffrey Dean , a former astrologist based in Australia who researches the possible scientific validity of astrology , tracked over 2000 people who were born within minutes of each other .
The study , which spanned several decades , covered over 100 different characteristics , like marital status , IQ , anxiety and temperament was published in 2003 in the Journal of Consciousness Studies Dean came to a similar conclusion as Hartmann and his team , that date of birth does not affect an individual 's personality .
Related Stories Astrology or star struck ?
Great Moments in Science ABC Science Online 16 Dec 2004 400 - year - old Kepler horoscope found , News in Science 3 Mar 1999 Astronomical astrology , The Correx Files ABC Science Online 1998
More News Health & Medical • Environment & Nature • Space & Astronomy • Being Human • Ancient Worlds • Innovation & Technology • Science News Archives
New York - born actor , film director , producer and screenwriter Mel Gibson , 53 , whose combined estimated fortune from controversial , yet successful The Passion of the Christ , TV projects and real estate investments amount $ 1 billion , will face the biggest in Hollywood ‘s history divorce settlement as soon as the celebrity ‘s wife , Robyn Gibson , 53 , is legally entitled to half of her ex-spouse ’s assets and further residual checks .
In the opinion of Los Angeles family lawyer Lynn Soodik , who ’s not involved with the case , this divorce will probably reach a settlement in a matter of months and the ex-couple does not seem to enter a painful , protracted battle in the courts .
“ It likely wo n’t be messy since there ’s enough money to go around , ” commented Soodik .
After 28 - year - long matrimony and nearly three years of estrangement , Robyn Gibson filed for divorce on April 13 , 2009 .
The Gibsons declared in a joint statement that the couple had always “ strived to maintain the privacy and integrity of the family . ”
They have one daughter , six sons , and one grandchild .
In fact Gibson ’s $ 500 million check to be shelled out to his ex-wife gains the upper hand over the most of current record holders that included Chicago Bull ’s retired basketball star Michael Jordan , 46 , with $ 168 million payable upon the split - up with Juanita ; a successful pop music performer Neil Diamond , 68 , who settled down with Marcia Murphey by paying her $ 150 million ; Steven Spielberg ’s divorce in 1989 cost an American film director , producer and screenwriter a $ 100 million payment to Amy Irving .
Source of the image : celebrity - gossip.net .
April 10 , 2009 --
The phrase " sleeping with the enemy " has a whole new meaning .
A new study shows that a sexual partner ’s activities may have more to do with whether or not you gets an STD than your own behavior .
Participants in the study included 412 black and white men and women ages 15 to 24 who attended an urban STD clinic in Pittsburgh .
All reported having had heterosexual sex .
Each year , roughly 19 million people in the U.S. contract a sexually transmitted disease , says the CDC .
About half are between the ages of 15 and 24 .
Researchers measured six characteristics to gauge the risk of a sexual partner :
The partner had a problem with marijuana or alcohol .
The partner was at least five years older or younger .
The partner had been in jail .
The partner had had sex with other people in the past year .
The partner had had an STD in the past year .
Study participants were asked about their sexual characteristics and their partners ’ characteristics .
Among those whose partners ’ activities were labeled as high risk , 53 % were diagnosed with an STD .
Among those whose own behavior was labeled as high risk , 38 % were diagnosed with an STD .
The riskiest characteristics were age difference and if the partner had had an STD in the past year .
“ If you are choosing high - risk partners , you are much more likely to have an STD , even when we account for your condom- use patterns , ” Stephanie A.S. Staras , lead author and an assistant professor of epidemiology and health policy research in the University of Florida College of Medicine , says in a written statement .
“ The theory is simple :
You need to have sex with someone who has an STD to get an STD .
Based on the prevalence of STDs in the United States , it seems like the public may not fully understand their risk . ”
What Not To Do
Make Repairs
Boldly Go Where No Star Trek Has Gone Before
made a bundle this weekend and that means this Monday morning there ’s only one thing on the minds of Paramount Pictures ’ execs :
What ’s next ?
If you saw the movie , no doubt you feel the same .
JJ
Abrams ’is that perfect kind of summer film : the kind that leaves you wanting more .
When it ends you walk out feeling as if you ’ve only witnessed the very beginning of an adventure .
You leave knowing that this is only the tip of the iceberg .
Beam me up for the sequel !
This is a bright new era in the original fanboy franchise .
So where doesgo next ?
How does Paramount keep this franchise moving at warp speed ?
I ’ve got answers .
They ’ve gone to a spectacular amount of trouble to reboot this franchise in a way that gives them complete freedom to do whatever they want .
The entire film is dedicated primarily to the idea of inventing an excuse for this franchise to have a fresh start .
Nero went back in time , murdered Kirk ’s father and wiped out the planet Vulcan specifically so that Trek ’s writers would n’t be beholden to past Trek ideas .
So they could once again boldly go where no one has gone before .
So what ’s the first idea right out of the gate ?
Hey people liked Khan !
Let ’s bring back Khan !
No thanks .
Yet when it comes toprequel talk , that ’s all anyone ’s talking about .
Who could play Khan ?
How could they rehash the character in a different way ?
How soon can they get started on redoing old ideas which have already been done perfectly and do n’t need to be revisited in any way ?
Hey guys um , what happened to the reboot ?
If you ’re going to reboot the franchise it needs to be more than just a convenient excuse to recycle the same ideas over and over and over again .
Khan has been done .
Come up with your own ideas .
Otherwise what ’s the point in wiping the slate clean in the first place ?
Not that every new idea is a good one .
For instance the romance between Spock and Uhura , which reared its head during this first film , definitely does not need to carry on in future installments .
Do n’t get me wrong , it works in this film .
It works in the sense that Uhura sees Spock hurting and goes to him .
It works in the sense that Spock is in turmoil and his logical façade is slipping .
He needs someone to lean on , maybe he even for a moment , thinks he ’s in love .
But long term ?
A lingering romance between Uhura and Spock turns this intoin space .
Again , no thanks .
It ’s not as if this is n’t the first time Trek crew members have dabbled in romance .
There ’s nothing wrong with the momentary fling .
Uhura and Scotty had a thing inbut bythey ’d moved on .is bigger than who ’s sleeping with who .
Let Spock and Uhura move on .
Leave their romance out of it or get forever bogged down in it .
Jettison the bad ideas .
Take the good ones and make them even better .
Obviously , the entire cast needs to return .
No replacement actors .
They all have multi-picture deals so that ’s not going to be a problem .
Sticking with the same director is also a must .
JJ Abrams needs to be in charge .
Bring him back , whatever the cost , then get him to promise he ’ll cool it with the lens flairs and maybe , just maybe consider slowing down .
Seriously , you have our attention JJ .
You ’re not going to lose us .
The next movie does n’t have to run on Red Bull .
Nobody ’s going to walk out if you mix in five minutes of honest to god introspection .
We ’re with you sir .
Feel free to pause and look around every once in awhile .
Let us see where you are .
Let your characters have a moment to understand what ’s happening to them .
Save the breakneck pace for action sequences and they ’ll only seem even more thrilling in contrast .
Keep moving this fast and you ’ll flame out early .
Give us something meatier to chew on in the next one , and we ’re yours forever .
The real key to keeping thison track is fresh ideas .
The course is already charted .
Use this movie as a launching point to take us somewhere new , exciting , and ( here ’s that word again ) bold .
There ’s nothing bold about bringing back old characters just for name recognition .has set things up .
We have a crew .
We have a ship .
We have an eager audience .
Now let ’s use it .
Let ’s see what ’s out there .
It ’s alright if you want to give us the occasional tribble cameo but only if you ’re use that to accent genuinely new , big ideas .
Ditch the save the world plots .
You ’ve done that in this film and it ’s been done in every othermovie starting with theback in 1979 .
Do n’t rehash whathas already done , but there are lessons to be learned in their patter .
The previous incarnation of the franchise followed it ’s save the world plot inup with a more personal story , one about the crew ’s relationships with each other , a story which launched a trilogy of great films which ended in a fourth movie returned to the save the world plot formula .
There are lessons there .
Take the next movie and make it personal .
Start some real character arcs for these people and take them somewhere on a big adventure .
It ’s not warp field theory , you can come up with something good .
If you can ’t , call up the guys who wrote .
They can help you through it .
The key to this newsuccess is to keep it as fresh , energetic and hopeful as it already is .
Be your own franchise .
Take us where nohas gone before .
Can you hear me now ?
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN .
net made this article — and everything that surrounds it — possible .
If you appreciate our content , please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible .
The Fedora 11 preview release announcement went out on April 28 .
Around the world , Fedora users responded by downloading , testing , pondering the ext4 filesystem , and generally feeling a little " jaunty " themselves .
One Fedora developer , though , had a moderately strange response which might be a little hard to understand out of its full context :
I 'm sorry , I can't hear you .
Can you turn it up a bit ?
What do you mean , it wo n't go any louder ?
The _last_ release used to go louder .
Anybody who has been sufficiently distant from the disturbance on the fedora - devel mailing list can be forgiven for wondering what is going on here .
In short : changes to the PulseAudio volume control widget shipped in Fedora 11 have made it hard for some users to get sound out of their systems in the manner to which they have become accustomed , and they 're not happy about it .
The longer version goes something like this .
The low - level ALSA sound system provides a great deal of control over the underlying hardware , exposing all of the knobs supported there .
Volume - control applications have typically made all of those knobs available to the user .
That sounds like the proper way to give users full control over their hardware , but , as anybody who has pulled up the mixer on moderately - complicated hardware knows , the result can be an unbelievable mess of confusing sliders .
See this image for an example .
There is a clear usability problem here .
The solution , as found in Fedora 11 ( and , ultimately , GNOME 2.26 ) , is to reduce the number of sliders slightly .
OK , more than slightly : there is now a single " output volume " slider and a single " input volume " slider .
The user has a single knob to play with , and PulseAudio somehow makes everything else work right in some magic , behind - the - scenes manner that need not be worried about .
And , in fact , on a reasonably normal system , the " just works " factor is pretty high .
If one is trying to get normal audio output from a number of applications , the single volume control does the right thing .
Many users will , your editor suspects , never miss all those other sliders .
But the Fedora user base goes beyond " many users . "
And some of Fedora 's testing users are finding that they can no longer make things work .
Sometimes the behind - the - scenes magic does n't get things right for specific hardware , and sometimes these users are just doing something strange that PulseAudio developer Lennart Poettering did n't envision .
These users have , at times , filed bugs noting a regression in Fedora 11 ; they have been dismayed to see those bugs closed with a " not a bug " or " wo n't fix " status .
To these users , the behavior of Fedora 11 is , indeed , a regression , and they are not happy about it .
It must be said that Lennart has , by virtue of a strong " not my problem " attitude , made the problem worse .
His responses tend to look like this :
If you want to do weird stuff , use weird tools .
Do n't expect us to support all the exotic use cases minds could come up with to support in a single simple UI .
What he generally tells users who are unable to get the behavior they need is that they should drop down to alsamixer and fix things there .
But users , strangely , dislike the idea of moving to a curses - based tool to gain access to functionality that was once part of their desktop .
And , of course , just running " alsamixer " yields a beautiful , 24x80 rendering of , yes , the single PulseAudio output control ; one must first figure out the proper command line options to get alsamixer to talk to the system at the right level .
It just does n't seem like much of a solution .
In the middle of this , the Fedora engineering steering committee ( FESCo ) held one of its regular meetings .
The terse meeting summary includes the following :
Long and contentious discussion about concerns with the VolumeControl feature .
FESCo decided to get gnome - alsamixer packaged and added to the default desktop live / install spins to allow users whose use cases are not covered currently by VolumeControl to have a GUI way to adjust mixer settings .
Hopefully this will be dropped / revisited in F12 .
This is a solution which has pleased nobody .
Lennart thinks it 's a big mistake , of course .
Others do n't like last - minute changes to the Fedora 11 feature set .
And the people who are unhappy with the current state of affairs really would rather not have to go digging through the menus to find an emergency backup volume control which does what they really need .
Many Fedora users , it is feared , will just see that functionality has disappeared and wo n't know where to go to find it again .
So what is the right solution ?
It seems pretty clear that the " one slider fits all " approach will never work for everybody .
David Woodhouse expresses it well :
People will always need access to mixer controls .
One set of people will need them because they want to do things that the PulseAudio folks call " weird " , like using that line - in socket on the side of their laptop , or playing CDs without chewing CPU time doing all those strange unreliable heuristics we do to knit audio back together when we rip it off a CD .
Or turning their speakers on or off .
Or setting the relative levels of bass and mid-range speakers .
Or any number of other things .
On the other hand , a general return to the " ALSA mixer of doom " ( David 's term ) is clearly not in the cards .
Presenting users with hundreds of sliders is , in most cases , not going to leave them feeling more empowered .
The simplification work which has been done in the volume control application is clearly needed .
One suggestion which has come out of this is that the volume control should have an " expert mode " which makes more sliders available .
That would allow those sliders to remain hidden for the ( presumed ) majority which will never want to adjust them , but it also makes them available in the obvious place for users who do need to go deeper .
This solution , too , fails to please everybody , but it may please enough of the people involved to , eventually , cause the noise of this debate to subside a bit .
Because , alas , there is no slider to turn that particular noise down , even in expert mode .
The freed captain of a merchant ship attacked by pirates near Somalia last month called Thursday for military protection and armed crew members to thwart attacks in dangerous waters .
Capt .
Richard Phillips , skipper of the Maersk Alabama , told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee that it was the “ responsibility of the U.S. government ” to protect any ship flying an American flag , through military escorts or onboard squads of highly trained security forces .
He added that an armed brigade of specially trained senior crew members also could deter pirate attacks in certain situations .
“ And I do n’t mean a security guard .
I do n’t mean a mall cop .
I mean someone who ’s sufficiently trained , ” Phillips said
Advertisement
Phillips and the private shipping line ’s chairman , John Clancey , differed in their prescriptions for addressing piracy in testimony Thursday .
Clancey said arming and training crew officers would be prohibitively expensive and would result in a potentially deadly arms race with pirates .
But the recommendations from Phillips , widely regarded as a hero for selflessly trading his freedom in exchange for that of his 20 - person crew , are likely to pressure the U.S. military to consider steps he outlined in the hearing .
At the same time , military officials have said that world navies could not protect every ship , and they have recommended that vessel operators adopt more aggressive defenses .
Since the Maersk Alabama attack , the military has held several meetings with shipping companies , looking for better ways to deter pirates .
Clancey said those talks were continuing .
He said Maersk Inc. had more than 500 merchant ships at sea , making the cost of training and arming crews a “ very tall order , ” and not one with guaranteed results .
Advertisement
“ Our belief is that arming merchant sailors may result in the acquisition of ever more lethal weapons and tactics by the pirates , a race that merchant sailors cannot win , ” Clancey said .
He also pointed out that most nations did not permit armed ships to enter ports or dock .
Besides talks with military officials , Clancey said ships were being “ hardened , ” including the addition of electrified rails and pressure hoses .
Phillips agreed that more training in anti-piracy tactics and upgrading vessels would be an improvement , but said , “ There is no way they can be foolproof . ”
Phillips , 53 , emphasized that the success of any method would hinge on a clear chain of command -- one that ends with the captain .
Advertisement
“ In the heat of an attack , there can only be one final decision - maker , ” he said .
Phillips called piracy a “ crime of opportunity , ” and said pirates were shifting their tactics as quickly as shipping companies made changes to foil them .
“ There ’s no silver bullet here , ” he said .
“ One solution is not going to solve this problem . ”
Panel members expressed interest in the idea of arming crews .
Advertisement
“ Historically we have deputized citizens to engage in law enforcement activities , going way back to the posses , ” said Sen. John F. Kerry ( D - Mass . ) , the committee chairman .
--
rcole@tribune.com
Fibre optic networks are offering faster broadband speeds Virgin Media is piloting broadband speeds of 200 Megabit per second ( Mbps ) for a small group of users in the UK .
Following successful trials in the lab , 100 " lead adopters " in Kent will have access to the high speeds , believed to be among the fastest in the world .
Virgin will be using the high speeds to test applications such as 1080 p high definition TV and 3DTV .
The pilot will last six months before the results are analysed .
A variety of upstream speeds will also be tested .
Virgin is able to achieve the speeds thanks to a technology called Docsis 3 , which makes more efficient use of the capacity of fibre to the cabinet connections used by Virgin .
FAST CONSUMER BROADBAND CONNECTIONS 1Gbps - KDDI Japan 160 Mbps J:Com Japan 120 Mbps Liberty Global - Netherlands
The challenge in making use of the speeds is the inability of wireless networks to cope with 200 M bps connections therefore requiring hard wired connections .
Users also need high - specification computers that have gigabit Ethernet ports that can deal with such fast data speeds .
There is also the issue that many websites only have 100 M bps connections into data centres , meaning they are unable to serve pages or content at a speed to take advantage of the fast service .
Virgin said the 200 M bps service is the fastest speed in the world achieved using Docsis 3 technology .
In a statement Virgin Media 's chief executive Neil Berkett said : " We 're at the forefront of innovation and understanding when it comes to ultrafast broadband services and the 200 Mb pilot will give us further insight into how true ' wideband ' services might be used by consumers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hey kids , it ’s late spring and that means : BUGS !
I am no fan of bugs and , in fact , would just as likely stomp the shit out of one and or run away screaming like a five - year old girl ( in the case of a bee ) .
So , why not make these annoying critters into a list of sorts , I actually asked myself ?
I could n’t think of a good reason why not , so , here goes .
Oh , and just in case you enjoy looking at insects rather than not even being in the same time zone as them , I borrowed these great images from right here :
What ’s That Bug ?
Go there , look around , and enjoy the abundance of creepy - ass vermin we have here on Earth .
GO !
Oh , and enjoy the list !
This bug is related to the dragonflies and damsel flies .
Have you ever seen the humongous eyes on these damn things ?
They look as though thy have some higher form of intelligence .
They scare the shit out of me what with their ‘ perfect wings ’ .
Oh , and a type of them has been around since the dinosaurs .
They ’re gonna take over , I just know it .
Evidently this is a cricket .
I do n’t care what scientists are classifying this as , it ’s creepy , nasty , and CRAWLING ALL OVER ME !
Nope , I have no damn idea what this thing is , so I ’m going to make it up :
This is the larva of a lizard that lives on the moon .
They have a nymph period of six years and eat monkeys .
I got nothing else , but I have never heard of a thrip .
I used to find these ancient buggers in my grandma ’s basement years ago .
They ’re harmless and just scuttle all over the joint looking like a cross between some kind of ocean dweller and something out of a sci - fi flick .
Apparently they ’ve been around since the dawn of time , so that ’s pretty cool .
HOLY SHIT !
RUN !!
Classified as the biggest beetle on earth , these guys can weigh in at around 2 pounds .
Good Lord !
Anyway , at the Natural History Museum in Chicago they have this huge display of nearly every insect in the world and this guy is just so frickin enormous it looks a little like a football with legs .
I ’d guess you ’d have to throttle it with a hammer or something .
Oh , and they fly .
Ugh …
Have you all seen a cicada ?
It ’s basically a huge fly that serves to do nothing but hang around every 17 years and make an ear - splitting chirp .
This giant wasp , on the other hand , kills them .
And , while it ’s doing that , it lifts them off the ground and takes them to its burrow to consume them slowly for days .
A giant wasp .
That eats bugs twice its size .
There is no point in ever going outside again .
Ever .
Looking at that picture , you would think that this was some kind of deranged deer .
Praying mantises are , apparently , great bug hunters and can be leashed to the end of your bed to rid your room of mosquitoes and the like .
Or dive on your face and chew out your soul .
Either way .
The existence of this guy is to simply survive in your pool in the hot summer and chop off your toes .
Fun .
Those same damn scientists claim that this bug ’s giant , pointy mandibles are harmless to humans .
I do NOT believe them .
Sounds like a barbecue mishap , when in reality , it ’s just a really disgusting insect that is also , somehow , a Crustacean .
Yum .
Dinner .
I do not care if this is technically an arachnid , technically harmless , or full of precious diamonds .
Keep it the hell away from me .
The more I think about it the more I purely believe that all bugs are from a Hell on an entirely different planet .
What is up with this thing ?
* Door Slamming / Echoes of Child - Like Wailing *
Here ’s some Japanese Hornets laying waste to some bees .
Awful
Hey look !
It ’s one of those GIGANTIC Centipedes !
AFTA BACHI , Afghanistan ( Reuters ) -
Five young girls slipped briefly into comas and nearly 100 were taken to hospital after a gas attack on their school on Tuesday , the third in a series of such incidents north of Kabul , Afghan officials said .
The early morning mass - poisoning at Qazaaq school was likely the work of Taliban sympathizers hostile to girls ’ education , the head of security for Kapisa province told Reuters .
“ We do n’t think that the Taliban have done this , but the people who collaborate with and support the Taliban have done this , ” said Afghan Colonel Sha Agha , who is in charge of security for the second district of Kapisa , where the school is located .
“ We have taken security measures to prevent such incidents happening again , and by doing more patrols , I am checking on schools during the night , ” he added .
The symptoms were the same as those shown by victims of suspected attacks on two girls ’ schools in nearby Charikar town .
One poisoning took place on Monday and another on April 26 .
Scores of pupils were taken ill in each case .
In the latest attack more than 130 people were affected , with 98 students and 6 teachers admitted to hospital , said doctor and provincial public health head Wahid Rahim .
He said five had slipped into comas but all had been revived .
Patients were vomiting , dizzy and some lost consciousness .
“ There was a very bad smell in my classroom this morning and the teacher immediately told us to evacuate , but we could n’t walk to get out of the school , we were very weak , sick and dizzy .
When I opened my eyes we were in hospital , ” said 12 year - old Leda .
“ I am so sad , what went wrong with our school ?
I want to study , ” the sixth - grader said from her hospital bed in a ward of around 20 pale girls , most with drips in their arms .
“ We knew about the incident in Charikar , but we did n’t think such incidents would happen in our school .
Right now we are very scared to continue with our education , to learn , ” said Aara Gul , 15 , waiting for medication .
EDUCATION UNDER ATTACK
Unusually , the three incidents took place in a part of the country that was never under the firm control of the hardline Taliban and kept its girls ’ schools open while the austere Islamists ruled most of the country .
“ Whoever has done this is against peace and security and improvement for women in the country .
Surely it will have a negative impact on education , but we will never close the doors of schools for girls , ” said health chief Rahim .
There have been no clues as to what the gas was in either case or where it came from .
Blood samples from the Charikar attacks have been sent to the nearby U.S. Bagram airbase but results have not yet come back .
Attacks on girls schools have increased in the past year , particularly in the Taliban ’s eastern and southern heartlands , as an insurgency has gathered strength .
When the Taliban were in power in Kabul they banned women from work and schools .
Last year a group of schoolgirls in Kandahar had acid thrown in their faces by men who objected to them attending school .
The machine formulates laws by observing the world and detecting patterns in the vast quantities of data it has collected
I never said I 'll change your mind , but I can still voice how I and many other people see it , especially since you chose to comment publically .
Whether or not they are sexually active with their partner , asexual or not it does n't matter , they are still referred to as gay , lesbian or whatever regardless since the core part still stands , that they 're attracted to the same sex .
Same would go for a Hetero person .
Homosexuality might exclusively refer to the sexual orientation ( even though gay people are still referredto like that regardless if they 're sexually active or not ) but ' gay ' is an umbrella term and also the one used in the sign and the one which immediatey made you think about men fucking eachother .
It 's not my fault if you have to immediately think about the actual sexual relation instead of the actual attraction , when this term comes up .
But hey , if you prefer to see the ' dirty ' part first and foremost , than nobody can stop you .
That 's an induvidual choice .
However , it wo n't change the actual message the woman holds and how most of us see it : , that she does n't care which person he loves and that she treasures her son no matter his orientation .
Good day to you Sir~
A Wisconsin teen survived unscathed after crashing his Audi S4 while joyriding at 155 mph , then posting the video to YouTube .
There 's three things right there explaining why the cops were n't so happy .
Advertisement
The unfortunate thing about the internet is that anyone , including the police , can see what you 've been up to which which brings an added bit of irony to this video .
The Madison , Wisconsin teen took his Mommy and Daddy - paid for Audi S4 out for an evening jaunt with some friends when they got the grand idea of videotaping a top speed run in which they hit at least 155 mph before crashing .
It 's not clear in the video at which speed they were traveling when the " Oh Shits ! " started happening , but if we were to guess , they were still going at a pretty good clip .
Advertisement
Authorities and rescue workers arrived on scene to find that the teens survived with minor injuries and the driver was cited for imprudent speed , but when Dane County Sheriff 's Office found a video of the incident on YouTube , they were none - to - pleased .
Rather than just trashing his S4 and walking away from a high - speed wreck with his life , the teen now faces possible reckless endangerment charges via the District Attorney 's Office because he had passengers in the car .
All that for a few minutes of adrenaline rushing fun .
What 's the lesson you 're probably going to learn from this ?
To not drive that fast on public roads ?
Nah , you 're probably just thinking that you 'll never post your exploits on YouTube ever again . [ via channel3000 , YouTube ]
What do you get when you combine taxidermy with gadget hacking ?
Instructables users noahw and canida released the step - by - step instruction on how to make your very own taxidermied computer mouse : Link - via Rue The Day !
DETROIT ( Reuters ) -- General Motors Corp. stock plunged more than 22 % to a 76 - year low Tuesday , a day after a group of GM executives disclosed they had sold shares in the struggling automaker .
Six GM executives , led by former GM Vice Chairman and product chief Bob Lutz , disclosed Monday that they sold almost $ 315,000 in stock and liquidated their remaining direct holdings in the automaker .
The stock sale underscores the extreme pressure on GM with less than three weeks remaining for the embattled automaker to win deals to slash debt and operating costs with its major union and bondholders to avoid bankruptcy .
GM ( GM , Fortune 500 ) is headed for either a bankruptcy filing or an out - of - court restructuring that would wipe out current stockholders by flooding the market with new shares to pay off creditors .
The automaker 's stock could be worthless in a bankruptcy or worth less than 2 cents apiece if it proceeds with plans to issue shares to creditors led by the U.S. Treasury Department , the company has said .
" It 's a lose - lose situation as far as we see it , and the shares kind of seem to have been doing a levitating magic trick and just staying up there in the $ 1.50 to $ 2.00 range , " Standard & Poor 's equity analyst Efraim Levy said .
" Given that there is a two - week deadline coming there should be additional downside pressure , " Levy said .
The automaker has historically been one of the powerhouses in the best - known measurement of U.S. stocks , the Dow Jones Industrial Average .
It has been on the index for 83 consecutive years and despite the dramatic fall in the price of its shares , Dow has still kept the stock as part of the index .
GM 's market capitalization as of Tuesday was about $ 690 million , making it one of the smaller Dow members .
The company has lost $ 88 billion since its turnaround efforts began in 2005 under former Chief Executive Rick Wagoner .
The automaker 's shares were down 21 % or 30 cents , at $ 1.14 on the New York Stock Exchange .
The stock had fallen to as low as $ 1.09 earlier in the day , the lowest since 1933 .
GM was first listed on the Dow in 1915 .
Journal editors removed it - as they did more frequently back then - adding it again in 1925 , and it has remained ever since .
Only General Electric Co. ( GE , Fortune 500 ) , which joined in 1907 , has been there longer .
I do n’t know what to make of the monstrosity that is the Waxman - Markey American Climate , Energy , and Security Act ( ACES ) that just passed the House Energy and Commerce Committee ( E&C ) .
It ’s nearly 1000 pages long and initially faced at least 449 Republican amendments .
It ’s a mess .
After thinking about it for a while , I ’ve concluded that it ’s just not worth driving myself crazy trying to determine whether ACES is “ better than nothing ” or whether it “ sucks so bad it must be killed . ”
We ’re less than a week into a process that could make ACES unrecognizable by the time it ’s done , and so tearing my hair out over whether it ’s enough today is an exercise in futility .
The GOP wants this bill dead – just looking at the insane list of amendments the GOP offered makes that abundantly clear .
There ’s seven supposedly different “ jobs offramp ” amendments job counts for Colorado alone , eight for California , five for Kentucky , and so on – all of which would automatically shut down the law if 1000 , or 2000 , or 10,000 or more jobs were lost in a state as a result of ACES .
These are n’t serious amendments in the spirit of “ lets make this bill better , ” they ’re “ poison pills ” specifically designed to make the bill so stupidly bad that even Waxman and Markey themselves would vote against it .
The fact that the GOP wants ACES dead is a good thing , actually , just as the fact that Greenpeace ca n’t support it because it does n’t go far enough is a good thing .
Generally , I figure that if both the left and the right hate the same legislation , that ’s probably a good sign that the bill strikes the right compromises .
But this time I ’m not so sure .
You see , the bill as it is today is almost certainly as strong as it ’ll ever be .
After passing E&C , it ’ll probably go on to Ways and Means since that committee has jurisdiction over government debts , tariffs and so on .
After Ways and Means , however , ACES may go through any or all of the following House Committees : Agriculture , Appropriations , Budget , Foreign Affairs , Natural Resources , Science and Technology , and / or Transportation and Infrastructure .
Maybe those committees offered their input between the draft hearings and the official introduction on March 18 , but then again maybe not .
I certainly hope so , considering how much weaker the introduced version of ACES is than the initial draft version was .
And that ’s all before ACES hits the House floor , where anyone who has n’t already offered amendments on it will have the opportunity to do so in an attempt to weaken ACES even further .
Then the bill hits the Senate .
Does anyone really think that , after going through as many as ten more committees , ACES will be strengthened in the Senate , especially given the number of conservative and moderate Democratic Senators that have to be mollified to reach a filibuster - proof 60 vote majority ?
If you do , I ’ve got an collateralized debt obligation you could take off my hands too .
( The ten committees I think could have jurisdiction over ACES are as follows : Agriculture , Nutrition , and Forestry ; Appropriations ; Banking , Housing , and Urban Affairs ; Budget ; Commerce , Science , and Transportation ; Energy and Natural Resources ; Environment and Public Works ; Finance ; Foreign Relations ; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs . )
After some form of ACES passes both the House and the Senate , there will almost certainly be a conference committee to work out the differences .
It ’s theoretically possible that the bill could be made stronger here using the same kind of bullshit measures the GOP used to screw with legislation during the Bush years , but I doubt it .
Not because I think the Democrats too moral or ethical to try the same tricks , but rather because doing so will probably make the final form of ACES unpassable in the Senate .
And so , when all is said and done , the ACES that gets to President Obama will probably be even more bloated than it already is and will probably be significantly weaker than the version that just passed out of the E&C committee .
Whether I ’ll support it by that point is impossible to predict .
Will it still be better than nothing ?
Probably .
Will it still be woefully insufficient as compared to what the science says is necessary ?
Almost certainly .
So I ’m taking a wait and see approach .
If ACES stay ’s in the “ better than nothing ” column , great – I ’ll publicly support it and suggest that everyone else do the same as well .
If ACES finds its way into the “ sucks so bad it must be killed ” column , however , I ’ll publicly oppose it and suggest that everyone else also do the same .
Until then , however , writing letters to your congresscritters asking them to strengthen ACES is probably a good idea .
After all , there ’s definitely a very slim chance that I ’m totally off base and the bill can be made stronger through the legislative process instead of devolving to the least common denominator as I expect .
Right now it ’s impossible to know .
Well , impossible without a MisterFusion and flux - capacitor - equipped DeLorean , anyway … .
Image Credit : AFP / Getty Images , via NYTimes GreenInc blog
Customize Mozilla Firefox Features
Millions of people are using Mozilla Firefox browser for their different interests on internet .
Mozilla Firefox browser allows various extensions or Plugins to enhance the quality of the browser for improving the web experiences of different users .
Firefox extension development is critical without the knowledge of XML programming language , it ’s a user interface language and cross platform language to create feature rich applications for the users .
From the series of browsers , Mozilla Firefox is one of the most popular browsers having plenty of add - ons , extensions /
Plugins and number of features which are helpful in enhancing the presentations .
There are millions of the internet users using XUL Firefox Extension / Plugins for the optimum utilization of this unique browser .
Quality web browsing is the main feature of these extensions and for experiencing the correct usage one should have complete knowledge and little bit technical sense of using it correctly .
Mainly XUL Firefox Extension /
Plugins are responsible for increasing the functionality and allow users to customize use of browser to enhance the productivity of the web processes .
There are varieties of benefits of Firefox extensions such as they provide new functionalities to enhance the surfing on web , extensions helps to enhance the user interface and allow users to systematize the work .
User can keep the brand on the toolbar , addition of menus & custom buttons and a search box containing the list of different search engines like Google , website search , for the quick access of yellow pages , auto login function and easy access of several informative modes such as weather info , news , and stocks within the Mozilla Firefox browser .
While working on the browser is not only surfing the information but users may need this information for using in the primary task which is going along , for instance user is working on some project or need some quick information which can be received easily with the help of extensions or Plugins .
For the development of XUL Firefox Plugins / extensions technical expertise is needed in XUL language , for using Mozilla Firefox browser according to need users from all over the world seek XUL developers who can provide them customize browser to make their surfing quick and more efficient then earlier .
XUL developers can develop various types of Extensions / Plugins for enhancing the functionality of the Mozilla web browser such as toolbars , themes , tabs , search tools , photos , music , videos , feeds , news , blogs , dictionary & language packs , bookmarks , language support , etc .
Impact of modern demands leads to more innovations and enhance the quality in work , XUL Firefox Extension / Plugins is the best instance .
Despite complaints that banks and credit card companies are gouging customers by charging outrageous interest rates , the Senate on Wednesday turned back an effort to cap interest rates at 15 percent .
The proposal by Senator Bernard Sanders , the Vermont independent , drew only 33 votes and needed 60 .
A bipartisan group of 60 senators opposed it , though the Senate pushed ahead with other restrictions on credit cards .
Some Democrats and consumer groups have said that an interest cap is needed to put real teeth into an otherwise solid bill .
The bill still contains provisions that would prohibit companies from raising interest rates on existing balances unless a card holder was 60 days behind , and then would require the rate to be restored to its previous level if payments were on time for six months .
Consumers would have to be notified of rate increases 45 days in advance .
Companies would not be allowed to charge late fees if they were late in processing a payment .
Other backers of the measure calculated that an interest rate ceiling would doom the popular legislation .
The banking industry , which had some heavyweight representatives monitoring the vote , warned that an interest rate limit could cause a sour reaction in the financial markets .
But Mr. Sanders said the card companies and banks were engaged in conduct that could get others hauled into court .
He said one - third of all credit card holders are paying interest above 20 percent and as high as 41 percent .
Over the past several years , the amount of sea ice in the Arctic Ocean during the summer months took an unexpected plunge , dropping below the levels predicted by many models .
As a result , the prospect of an ice - free summer in the Arctic , which would have consequences for everything from the local ecology to global trade , is something the research community is studying intensively .
That work is leading to a new understanding of how the age of the ice combines with natural variability to produce sudden changes like the ones we 've observed recently .
Two recent reports have focused attention on the state of the Arctic sea ice .
On Monday , the National Snow and Ice Data Center announced that the annual summertime decline of Arctic sea ice had started , and issued its annual analysis of the recent dynamics in the Arctic .
That analysis followed hot on the heels of a paper that predicts that the Arctic will be effectively ice - free in roughly 30 years .
I 'll combine those reports with information from a talk given by the Jean - Claude Gascard of the Universit ?
Pierre et Marie Curie , who spoke at this year 's American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting .
First , the current state of the ice .
According to the NSIDC , the end of last summer 's melt season left Arctic ice cover near the historic lows of the previous year , but the open water froze quickly , leading to a peak level somewhat above that of recent years .
The winter 's peak ice coverage came earlier than usual , but levels have remained fairly stable so far this spring , leaving ice coverage below historic averages , but well above the amount that 's been typical over the last several years .
The expectations for this summer , however , are n't significantly different from those of other recent years .
To understand why , you have to consider the age of the ice .
In the Arctic , ice that survives a single season puts on weight , growing thicker ; that thickness makes it far less likely that the ice will melt over the course of the summer .
As shown in the graph below , the amount of multi- year ice has plunged in recent years , having been replaced primarily by one - year old ice that 's thinner and more prone to melting .
Note that the graph represents the percent of total ice ; since the total ice has dropped in recent years , the absolute numbers on this loss are a bit larger .
The sea ice that remains in the Arctic is younger and thinner than it was in the recent past .
From the National Snow and Ice Data Center , courtesy J. Maslanik and C. Fowler , University of Colorado
This past year saw a continuing decline in multi- year ice , but a rebound in ice that 's survived two seasons .
The reasons for this can be seen when the geographic distribution of the ice is examined .
The older ice has largely been pushed against Greenland and the Canadian Arctic where , each year , a fraction is pushed out past the northern tip of Greenland , where it flows into the North Atlantic and melts .
The better freezing conditions of the past year have meant that two - year - old ice has largely extended out towards the pole from Canada .
These dynamics mean that it will take several years of similar conditions before multi- year ice can start recovering what 's lost to the Atlantic .
The remaining multi- year ice is now pinned near Greenland , and flowing into the Atlantic .
From the National Snow and Ice Data Center , courtesy J. Maslanik and C. Fowler , University of Colorado
The emphasis on the thickness of multi-year ice and seasonal variations feeds nicely into the modeling paper , which was published in Geophysical Research Letters .
The authors of the paper evaluated a suite of 23 climate models for their ability to roughly match the measured behavior of the Arctic sea ice during the 20 years following 1980 .
They wound up with six models that seemed to be getting the sea ice right , and noted that half of these " include a multiple sea ice thickness distribution as part of a sophisticated sea ice physics and dynamics package , " something that 's only present in the most recent generation of climate models .
The authors ran these models forward from the present , using two different IPCC climate projections , and determined how long it took for the summer ice to drop to a million square kilometers , which is the margin they consider effectively ice - free .
This point was reached when the remaining ice was anchored to the Canadian Arctic , the current site of the oldest and thickest ice ; the rest of the Arctic ocean was open water .
Overall , the mean interval for this to happen is 32 years .
The authors note a couple of things about their model runs .
For starters , the decline in sea ice does n't occur in the absence of anthropogenic forcings , which they term a " necessary condition . "
Indeed , at AAAS , Gascard indicated that , combined , anthropogenic forcings and changes in the albedo caused by the loss of reflective ice account for about 85 percent of the recent temperature change in the Arctic .
But , although anthropogenic forcings are a necessary precondition to cause the loss of ice , natural variability still plays an essential role in controlling the dynamics .
The models indicate that it would have taken decades longer to reach the levels of sea ice seen in 2007 in the absence of specific weather conditions , such as a series of consecutive warm years and winds that drove some of the sea ice into the Atlantic .
The authors also state that , once sea ice levels reach their current levels , they tended to decline rapidly in all of the models .
These results suggest that a confluence of factors , some stochastic , combined to cause the sudden decline of Arctic sea ice in recent years , so scientists could be forgiven for being surprised by its speed .
Moving forward , however , the results suggest that keeping a careful eye on the age of the ice , as well as its extent , may help us stay on top of future developments .
Geophysical Research Letters , 2009 .
DOI : 10.1029/2009GL037820
` An instant classic , covering everything from Shannon 's fundamental theorems to the postmodern theory of LDPC codes .
You 'll want two copies of this astonishing book , one for the office and one for the fireside at home . '
Bob McEliece , California Institute of Technology
